<doc id="20240184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240184" title="Lord Tim Hudson">
Lord Tim Hudson

'Lord' Tim Hudson (born February 11, 1940, Prestbury, Cheshire), was an English DJ in Los Angeles for KFWB during the 1960s, and was the manager of The Seeds and The Lollipop Shoppe. He has also been a voice actor, an artist and a sports manager.
When The Beatles embarked on their 1965 North American concert tour, radio station KCBQ employed Hudson, who described himself as a record producer from Liverpool, England, and who claimed to know The Beatles personally, and to have helped discover the Moody Blues, to make broadcasts publicising the 'Fab Four's appearances in the San Diego area. Using his contacts with The Beatles' managers in England, Hudson managed to get permission to travel with the group prior to their concert in San Diego, and to file reports to be aired exclusively on KCBQ.
In March 1966, Hudson presented Nancy Sinatra in Hollywood, California, with a gold disc to mark her million seller, "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'". However, as the actual gold record had failed to arrive in time from New York, Hudson had to present Sinatra with the similarly earned disc of Dean Martin's "Everybody Loves Somebody".
A cricket fan, for a period he managed the professional cricketer, and one-time England captain, Ian Botham.
Hudson was also a voice actor during the 1960s and 1970s, and appeared in Disney's "The Aristocats" (1970) as 'Hip Cat' the English cat, and "The Jungle Book" (1967) as Dizzy the Vulture.

</doc>
<doc id="20240211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240211" title="Cochliopidae">
Cochliopidae

Cochliopidae is a family of small freshwater snails with gills and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks.
This family is in the superfamily Rissooidea and in the clade Littorinimorpha (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
2005 taxonomy.
The family Cochliopidae consists of 3 subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):
Genera.
Liu et al. (2001) have recognized 34 genera with more than 260 species within the subfamily Cochliopinae.
Strong et al. (2008) have recognized 246 freshwater species within Cochliopidae.
Genera within the family Cochliopidae include:
subfamily Cochliopinae
subfamily Littoridininae
subfamily Semisalsinae - there are three genera in the subfamily Semisalsinae
subfamily ? (either Cochliopinae or Littoridininae)
Cladogram.
A cladogram based on sequences of mitochondrial cytochrome-c oxidase I (COI) genes showing phylogenic relations of species within Cochliopidae:

</doc>
<doc id="20240232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240232" title="In Our Water">
In Our Water

In Our Water is a 1982 documentary film directed by Meg Switzgable, about a family in South Brunswick, New Jersey who discover their drinking water is contaminated by a nearby landfill. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. 

</doc>
<doc id="20240236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240236" title="Kirill (online drama)">
Kirill (online drama)

Kirill is an online science fiction drama. It was commissioned by MSN and produced by Endemol Digital Studios and Pure Grass Films. Episodes are four minutes long and were released twice a week on the internet. The main episodes are narrated by a character, played by David Schofield.
Synopsis.
Kirill is a multi-layered drama project, hosted by MSN, and was launched in September 2008. There are ten episodes, each featuring an old man in a lonely room, filled only with a computer and radio apparatus. The man continuously tries to contact someone in order to warn them about an impending danger, the details of which become apparent throughout the series. The room has been shown to be very cold, with pipes probably holding an extremely cold liquid or gas. One of the walls has a poster, displaying a basic set of rules written on it for the old man's survival. He carries a gun with him to protect him from the outside world.
Running alongside these episodes are blogs, video diary entries, photos, and extra content from two other characters, Vivian Villars, and "Quantum Stu", an anonymous male character. Their story is played out across various platforms, and it soon becomes apparent that their fate is intertwined with the character played by David Schofield in the main episodes.
Other.
Ten webisodes have been released on the internet. The main character is played by David Schofield, who is obsessed with sending warning messages to Vivian Villars. A small dog is also seen in a window set into the ceiling of the room, to whom the main character gives food.

</doc>
<doc id="20240239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240239" title="Shulman House">
Shulman House

The Shulman House is a mid-century steel home and studio in the Hollywood Hills. In 1947 architectural photographer Julius Shulman asked architect Raphael Soriano to build him a house and studio in the Hollywood Hills. By August 1947 the design was decided upon, and construction began in the early months of 1949. The building took nine months to complete and was occupied in March 1950. Garrett Eckbo designed the landscaping. It has remained unaltered, and the Shulman House was designated a Historic-Cultural Monument by the City of Los Angeles in 1987.
The house was sold for $2,250,000 on November 24, 2010, to Jonah Lehrer, who resides there with his wife Sarah L. Liebowitz.

</doc>
<doc id="20240240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240240" title="Primate cognition">
Primate cognition

Primate cognition is the study of the intellectual and behavioral skills of primates, particularly in the fields of psychology, behavioral biology, primatology, and anthropology.
Primates are capable of high levels of cognition; some make tools and use them to acquire foods and for social displays; some have sophisticated hunting strategies requiring cooperation, influence and rank; they are status conscious, manipulative and capable of deception; they can recognise kin and conspecifics; they can learn to use symbols and understand aspects of human language including some relational syntax, concepts of number and numerical sequence.
Studies in primate cognition.
Theory of mind.
Premack and Woodruff's 1978 article "Does the chimpanzee have a theory of mind?" was a contentious issue because of the problem of inferring from animal behavior the existence of thinking, of the existence of a concept of self or self-awareness, or of particular thoughts.
Non-human research still has a major place in this field, however, and is especially useful in illuminating which nonverbal behaviors signify components of theory of mind, and in pointing to possible stepping points in the evolution of what many claim to be a uniquely human aspect of social cognition. While it is difficult to study human-like theory of mind and mental states in species which we do not yet describe as "minded" at all, and about whose potential mental states we have an incomplete understanding, researchers can focus on simpler components of more complex capabilities.
For example, many researchers focus on animals' understanding of intention, gaze, perspective, or knowledge (or rather, what another being has seen). Part of the difficulty in this line of research is that observed phenomena can often be explained as simple stimulus-response learning, as it is in the nature of any theorizers of mind to have to extrapolate internal mental states from observable behavior. Recently, most non-human theory of mind research has focused on monkeys and great apes, who are of most interest in the study of the evolution of human social cognition.
There has been some controversy over the interpretation of evidence purporting to show theory of mind ability—or inability—in animals. Two examples serve as demonstration: first, Povinelli et al. (1990) presented chimpanzees with the choice of two experimenters from which to request food: one who had seen where food was hidden, and one who, by virtue of one of a variety of mechanisms (having a bucket or bag over his head; a blindfold over his eyes; or being turned away from the baiting) does not know, and can only guess. They found that the animals failed in most cases to differentially request food from the "knower." By contrast, Hare, Call, and Tomasello (2001) found that subordinate chimpanzees were able to use the knowledge state of dominant rival chimpanzees to determine which container of hidden food they approached.
Tomasello and like-minded colleagues who originally argued that great apes did not have theory of mind have since reversed their position. Povinelli and his colleagues, however, maintain that Tomasello's group has misinterpreted the results of their experiments. They point out that most evidence in support of great ape theory of mind involves naturalistic settings to which the apes may have already adapted through past learning. Their "reinterpretation hypothesis" explains away all current evidence supporting attribution of mental states to others in chimpanzees as merely evidence of risk-based learning; that is, the chimpanzees learn through experience that certain behaviors in other chimpanzees have a probability of leading to certain responses, without necessarily attributing knowledge or other intentional states to those other chimpanzees. They therefore propose testing theory of mind abilities in great apes in novel, and not naturalistic settings. Kristin Andrews takes the reinterpretation hypothesis one step further, arguing that it implies that even the well-known false-belief test used to test children's theory of mind is susceptible to being interpreted as a result of learning.
Language.
The modeling of human language in animals is known as animal language research. Nim Chimpsky, a chimpanzee, was successfully taught 125 signs during his life, though some disagree on whether this can be constituted as true language. There have been other, more successful animal language projects, such as Kanzi and Koko, as well as some parrots.
It has been suggested that Nim Chimpsky's limited success was due to short training sessions, rather than true language immersion.
Tool use.
There are many reports of primates making or using tools, both in the wild or when captive. Chimpanzees, orangutans, gorillas, capuchin monkeys, baboons, and mandrills have all been reported as using tools. The use of tools by primates is varied and includes hunting (mammals, invertebrates, fish), collecting honey, processing food (nuts, fruits, vegetables and seeds), collecting water, weapons and shelter.
Tool making is much rarer, but has been documented in orangutans, bonobos and bearded capuchin monkeys. Research in 2007 shows that chimpanzees in the Fongoli savannah sharpen sticks to use as spears when hunting, considered the first evidence of systematic use of weapons in a species other than humans.
In the wild, mandrills have been observed to clean their ears with modified tools. Scientists filmed a large male mandrill at Chester Zoo (UK) stripping down a twig, apparently to make it narrower, and then using the modified stick to scrape dirt from underneath its toenails.
Captive gorillas have made a variety of tools.
Problem solving.
In 1913, Wolfgang Köhler started writing a book on problem solving titled "The Mentality of Apes" (1917). In this research, Köhler observed the manner in which chimpanzees solve problems, such as that of retrieving bananas when positioned out of reach. He found that they stacked wooden crates to use as makeshift ladders in order to retrieve the food. If the bananas were placed on the ground outside of the cage, they used sticks to lengthen the reach of their arms.
Köhler concluded that the chimps had not arrived at these methods through trial-and-error (which American psychologist Edward Thorndike had claimed to be the basis of all animal learning, through his law of effect), but rather that they had experienced an insight (sometimes known as the Eureka effect or an “aha experience”), in which, having realized the answer, they then proceeded to carry it out in a way that was, in Köhler’s words, “unwaveringly purposeful.”
Asking questions and giving negative answers.
In the 1970s and the 1980s there had been suggestions that apes are unable to ask questions and to give negative answers. According to the numerous published studies apes are able to answer human questions, and the vocabulary of the acculturated apes contains question words. Despite these abilities, according to the published research literature, apes are not able to ask questions themselves, and in human-primate conversations questions are asked by the humans only. Ann and David Premacks designed a potentially promising methodology to teach apes to ask questions in the 1970s: “In principle interrogation can be taught either by removing an element from a familiar situation in the animal’s world or by removing the element from a language that maps the animal’s world. It is probable that one can induce questions by purposefully removing key elements from a familiar situation. Suppose a chimpanzee received its daily ration of food at a specific time and place, and then one day the food was not there. A chimpanzee trained in the interrogative might inquire ‘Where is my food?’ or, in Sarah’s case, ‘My food is ?’ Sarah was never put in a situation that might induce such interrogation because for our purposes it was easier to teach Sarah to answer questions”.
A decade later Premacks wrote: "Though she understood the question, she did not herself ask any questions -- unlike the child who asks interminable questions, such as What that? Who making noise? When Daddy come home? Me go Granny's house? Where puppy? Sarah never delayed the departure of her trainer after her lessons by asking where the trainer was going, when she was returning, or anything else".
Despite all their achievements, Kanzi and Panbanisha also have not demonstrated the ability to ask questions so far. Joseph Jordania suggested that the ability to ask questions could be the crucial cognitive threshold between human and ape mental abilities. Jordania suggested that asking questions is not a matter of the ability of using syntactic structures, that it is primarily a matter of cognitive ability. Questions can be (and are) asked without the use of syntactic structures, with the help of the questions intonation only (like this is the case in children's early pre-linguistic development).

</doc>
<doc id="20240253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240253" title="Brett Kull">
Brett Kull

Brett Kull (born July 6, 1966 in West Point, Pennsylvania) is an American rock and pop multi-instrumentalist, singer, songwriter, composer and record producer, best known for his work with the progressive rock group Echolyn.

</doc>
<doc id="20240263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240263" title="Alena">
Alena

Alena may refer to:
People.
Alena is a variant of Helen (given name). People with this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20240276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240276" title="MFC Varna">
MFC Varna

MFC Varna Is a professional futsal team based in Varna, Bulgaria. It plays in Bulgarian Futsal Championship. The club was officially founded in 2003 under the name Piccadilly. In 2007 the club called MFC Varna. Club colors are yellow, red and black. 

</doc>
<doc id="20240293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240293" title="Jayne Lawless">
Jayne Lawless

Jayne Lawless (born 1974) is an English installation artist from Liverpool.
A 2004 Fine Art graduate from University Campus Suffolk in Ipswich she has exhibited work in London, Liverpool, Suffolk and Poland often as part of an artist residency.
She was a shortlisted finalist of the inaugural Liverpool Art Prize in 2008, Liverpool's Capital of Culture year, for her work "Tunnel", a collaboration with Polish born New York architect Marta Gazicka.
She is currently a Fine Art Masters student at Bath Spa University following her successful post-graduate diploma course at Stass Paraskos' Cyprus College of Art in Lempa (Lemba), Paphos.
From a staunch Liverpool Football Club supporting family, her brother is John Lawless of Liverpool Folk Indie duo Tom and the Lawless.

</doc>
<doc id="20240294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240294" title="Pearl of the Orient Tower">
Pearl of the Orient Tower

The Pearl of the Orient Tower, previously known as Embassy Pointe Tower, is a residential skyscraper located in Manila, Philippines, owned by the Philippine Estates Corporation. Standing at 168 meters (551 feet), it is one of the tallest buildings in the City of Manila. The building has 42 floors above ground, wherein 6 floors are for parking spaces, 5 floors for office and commercial purposes, 30 floors for luxury residential units, and 2 floors for penthouse units. There are also 4 basement levels for parking.
Project team.
The Pearl of the Orient Tower was designed by American architectural firm Nadel Architects, Inc., in cooperation with local architectural firm G & W Architects. Structural design was provided by Ove Arup & Partners, and was reviewed by Arup in cooperation with local engineering firm F.C. Cebedo & Partners. 
Other members of the design team are M.A. Alix & Partners (Fire Protection Works); and NBF Water & Wastewater Services (Now N.B. Franco Consulting Engineers - Sanitary and Plumbing Works).
Project and construction management was handled by Constech Management Group. 
Location.
The building is located along historic Roxas Boulevard along the Manila Bay side. It is nestled in the historic strip of Manila known for its cultural and economic vigor. Right across Roxas Boulevard is the Embassy of the United States, and a few blocks away the Robinsons Place Manila mall, the historical Luneta Park and the walled city of Intramuros. Also just within its area is the Quirino Grandstand, the new Manila Ocean Park, and three luxury hotels namely the Manila Hotel, Hyatt Hotel and Casino Manila at Pedro Gil Street, and Holiday Inn Manila Pavillon Hotel. The last two hotels have a casino complex operated by Casino Filipino. A few kilometers away are the Cultural Center of the Philippines, Star City theme park, and the Manila Yacht Club. 
Features.
Among the building's features are 3 high speed elevators for residential floors, 2 high speed elevators for the office and commercial floors, and 1 high speed service elevator for the entire building. The building also has Video Phone Communicating System for residents; Centralized Air Conditioning System at Commercial and Office Areas; 
built-in CATV cable system; telephone lines; emergency power generator, and individual mail boxes. The building also has a helicopter landing pad at the roofdeck.
The building's amenities include the City Club at the 13th floor, which includes a swimming pool and a kiddie pool, game rooms, function rooms, a gym, health spa, business center, and a fine-dining restaurant. The building also has an elegant and spacious lobby lounges. 

</doc>
<doc id="20240301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240301" title="Robert Willson">
Robert Willson

Robert Willson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20240331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240331" title="Colm and Jim-Jim's Home Run">
Colm and Jim-Jim's Home Run

"Colm and Jim-Jim's Home Run" was an Irish game show broadcast on RTÉ One each Sunday at 18:30. It was presented by, respectively, Colm Hayes and Jim-Jim Nugent, the duo's first foray into the world of television. It was first broadcast on 16 November 2008. It was a creation of Vision Independent Productions, responsible for the popular television shows "Showhouse" and "The Restaurant". Contestants could win €25,000 without answering a single question. To promote the show the presenters appeared on chat show "Tubridy Tonight" the night before the first episode was broadcast.
The show was axed due to RTÉ cutbacks in June 2009.
Format.
The format of the show was simple. An elderly lady named Liz showed what items are needed for this week's shopping list (first announced by the presenters on their radio show the previous Friday). She placed them one by one on the counter of her sweet shop. "Drop the Prop" saw a prop dropped from the ceiling with the numbers 1-5 in a circle upon it. An audience member was then asked to pick a number which was torn off by one of the presenters to reveal one of five names. The person corresponding to that name was invited down from the audience to play the game.
Another prop was dropped against a background of the show's theme music. It contained the numbers 1-5 as well, this time with five separate topics. The contestant chooses their number and thus their topic. Typical topics were Shakespeare, Colin Farrell and U2.
A selection of skypers was scrolled randomly along a large screen in the studio. The contestant had thirty seconds to either refuse ("next") or choose ("I want you"). The contestant had to answer a question based on the chosen topic. If they answered correctly they won money for themselves and the contestant. Either way another similar prop was soon dropped. This contained five challenges. "Random Guy" gave a demonstration of the chosen topic, e.g. sticking pins up his nose. The skyper had to then successfully complete this task within a specific time limit to win more money for themselves and the contestant. If successful the contestant remained to play the next round but another skyper was chosen. If unsuccessful another contestant was chosen via the same route and the game begins again. There were other random inserts such as "Celebrity Skyper" and one where Jim-Jim asked an audience member what a skyper could do.

</doc>
<doc id="20240349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240349" title="Fuerty">
Fuerty

Fuerty (historically "Fewerty", from ) is a hamlet on the R366 regional road near the town of Roscommon in County Roscommon, Ireland. The place is known for a ruined church and ancient graveyard on the site of a Celtic Christian abbey. 
The church and graveyard.
It is said that Saint Patrick visited Fuerty and left a deacon to found a monastic settlement here. The deacon, Justus, baptised Saint Ciarán, a local man, around the year 500. Ciaran went on to found Clonmacnoise, which became one of the most important monasteries and centres of learning in Europe. 
Two 8th century granite grave slabs in the west side of the tower bear inscriptions that can still be read. One of them bears the name of Ardeachan, Abbot of Clonmacnoise. The abbey was attacked and destroyed by the English Elizabethan invaders and all its monks were slain. The existing ruins are of a 17th-century Church of Ireland. The tower was added in 1790 but the church was destroyed by fire in 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="20240356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240356" title="Clevosaurus">
Clevosaurus

Clevosaurus (CLEE-vo-SORE-us) ("Gloucester lizard") is an extinct genus of sphenodontian reptile from the Triassic and the Jurassic periods of Nova Scotia, Great Britain, ("C. bairdi") and Yunnan ("C. mcgilli"). "Clevosaurus" was extremely similar to the modern tuatara in almost every way; the two genera differ in only certain features of the teeth and skull anatomies, as well as size. "Clevosaurus" was smaller than the modern Tuatara. "Clevosaurus" possibly ate plants as well as insects, as suggested by the form of the teeth. Fossils of "Clevosaurus", as well as other sphenodontians, early mammals and dinosaurs have been found in ancient cave systems of Great Britain. "Clevosaurus" is now believed to have had Pangaean distribution.
A new find.
Some fossils from South America (into Geopark Paleorrota) found in 2006 represent a new species of "Clevosaurus" ("C. brasiliensis").
Species.
A questionable cladogram of the genus "Clevosaurus".

</doc>
<doc id="20240367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240367" title="List of On the Buses episodes">
List of On the Buses episodes

The following is a list of episodes for "On the Buses", an English sitcom that aired on ITV from 28 February 1969 to 20 May 1973.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="20240379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240379" title="Yvonne Welbon">
Yvonne Welbon

Yvonne Welbon is an American independent film director, producer and screenwriter based in Chicago.
Biography.
Welbon has directed eight films and produced a dozen others. Her work has been screened on PBS, Starz/Encore, TV-ONE, IFC, Bravo, BET, the Sundance Channel and in over one hundred film festivals around the world. "Living with Pride: Ruth C. Ellis @ 100" won ten best documentary awards—including the GLAAD Media Award for Outstanding Documentary. Her ongoing Sundance Documentary Fellow project is "Sisters in Cinema", a documentary, website and forthcoming book based on her doctoral dissertation about the history of African American women feature film directors.
Her producer credits include: John Pierson's "Split Screen", Zeinabu Irene Davis' Sundance dramatic competition feature Compensation, Cheryl Dunye's HBO film "Stranger Inside", Thomas Allen Harris' Berlin International Film Festival award-winning documentary "É Minha Cara" ("That's My Face"), and Catherine Crouch's directorial debut "Stray Dogs".
Recently produced documentaries include: "Scale", by Alex Juhasz, "GARBAGE! The Revolution Starts at Home", by Andrew Nisker, and "The Water Front", by Liz Miller.
Having grown up as the daughter of a Chicago police officer, Welbon received an undergraduate degree in History from Vassar College. Thereafter, she spent six years in Taipei, Taiwan, where she taught English, learned Mandarin Chinese, and founded and published a path-breaking arts magazine that had a significant impact on the Taipei alternative arts scene in the aftermath of the lifting of over 40 years of repressive martial law. 
In her sixth year in Taiwan she was badly injured in a motorcycle accident and was profoundly touched by an immense outpouring of love, affection, support and care from the community, who not only rallied around her for emotional support, but raised funds to pay for her care and rehabilitation. In an odd twist it later emerged, as a very small footnote to a congressional review of CIA operations against Taiwan's nuclear weapons program, much of Welbon's medical care had been anonymously financed by an undercover male Caucasian intelligence operative active in the still largely classified program (a wrinkle in this link is the fact Welbon's motorcycle accident took place on a remote off-shore island where Taiwan's nuclear waste was stored; if indeed the CIA had been collecting isotopic evidence of the ROC's nuclear ambitions, they would have been doing it in the precise highly-isolated location where Welbon's crash took place). Several intercepts relating to Welbon suggested the two harbored feelings for one another. Somewhat humorously Welbon's very remote connections to those involved in intelligence activities inspired a Master's dissertation at Taipei's Fu Hsing Kang College (政治作戰學校) in 1999 examining Welbon's "Bang !" magazine as a classic case study of the establishment of a foreign-funded magazine to clandestinely shape indigenous public opinion. 
While facing the challenges of rehabilitation, and facing a very real risk of losing at least one of her legs, Welbon used the opportunity for a significant amount of self-reflection and reassessment of her life goals and ambition. One of her most significant self-revelations was that her time in Taiwan had allowed her to transcend many of the challenges of being a woman, bisexual, and black in America. Blacks in Taiwan were certainly seen as very different and in some senses "shocking" but the hard edge of fear and racism that Welbon experienced in America was not present. In addition, Welbon was very open about her then bisexual identity and was met with more curiosity (and pursuit !) than hostility.
Once recovered, a far less bitter and much more mature Welbon than the one that had arrived in Taiwan six years ago wrote a very warm letter to her friends announcing she intended to return to Chicago and study. In true Welbon style her letter was warm, confident and decisive. It was clear one chapter had ended and another was about to begin. Only this time Welbon was entirely confident in her own skin in every sense of the word.
On return to the United States Welbon completed a Masters of Fine Arts from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago and a PhD from Northwestern University. She is also a graduate of the American Film Institute's, Directing Workshop for Women.
Welbon was an assistant professor and department chair in the Journalism and Media Studies department at Bennett College for Women, an HBCU in Greensboro, NC from August 2008 until May 2012.Welbon is currently a visiting scholar at Duke University working on a project to curate her "Sisters in Cinema" archive to allow it to become a relevant resource for academic use.

</doc>
<doc id="20240385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240385" title="Feedback loop (email)">
Feedback loop (email)

Feedback loops are one of the ways for reporting spam. Whether and how to provide an FBL is a choice of the MP. End users should report abuse at their mailbox provider's reporting hub, so as to also help filtering. As an alternative, competent users may send abuse complaints directly, acting as mailbox providers themselves.
Reporting process.
In rare cases, these feedback loops may not be based on user reports. For example, they may be based on automated virus detection, or similar mechanisms.
Advantages.
The gain for the email system as a whole may appear questionable, since the "report spam" button is said by some to often be used improperly. However, benefits to each involved party are possible.
Advantages for senders.
Marketers striving for their mail to be delivered have a twofold advantage: they can remove subscribers that don't want to receive that kind of advertising (listwashing), and they can analyze the complaint rate and hence how their advertising meets market expectations.
Although it may seem like a bit of a waste unsubscribing users who complain once, in the long term it will pay dividends. By unsubscribing users who complain once you are reducing the likelihood of them complaining again, this means your overall complaint rate per IP or domain is kept low which is the key metric that ISP’s use to choose whether or not to deliver your messages. By keeping your complaint rate low from your messages to ISP’s which have feedback loops they are much more likely to allow your messages straight through to the inbox ensuring you continue to get your emails to the subscribers who actually want to receive them.
ESPs, when playing the sender's role, are very sensitive to how sending mail on behalf of their customers may affect their reputation. Monitoring the complaint rate is one of the ways they can control what their users are sending.
Advantages for ISPs.
ISPs delivering unwanted messages dissatisfy their users. Thus they deploy spam filters. However, spam filtering is not an exact science and rough operations may result in incorrect behavior. Getting to terms with legitimate senders can mitigate some of the resulting inconveniences.
Advantages for users.
The spam button brings some fuzzy functionality. Automatic unsubscribe is an example. For years, end users have been told not to trust email unsubscribe links, so many users hit the spam button as an alternative to unsubscribing. Consequently, "report spam" may act as unsubscribe in some cases. One of the reasons not to hit unsubscribe links is to avoid confirming that the message had been received and opened. As it is difficult to know exactly what personally identifiable information is being transferred in a feedback loop, it may seem that the spam button defeats that reason. Users have to trust their ISP for not getting into agreements with "spammers", in the strict sense of the latter term.
Abuse feedback reporting format.
The Abuse Reporting Format (ARF) is the standard format for FBL reports. Much like bounce messages, whose design is inherited by ARF, an abuse report consists of a human readable part, followed by a machine readable part, and the original message. The report is characterized by a "Feedback-Type" field whose values may indicate one of "abuse", "fraud", "virus", or "other" (more types are registered at IANA).
Microsoft, who use the name Junk Mail Reporting (JMR), also use their own format.
Google's Gmail is beta testing a non-traditional FBL with select ESPs. Gmail uses their own format -- an aggregate report that reveals spam rate per notable sender.

</doc>
<doc id="20240388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240388" title="The Princeton Companion to Mathematics">
The Princeton Companion to Mathematics

The Princeton Companion to Mathematics is a book, edited by Timothy Gowers with associate editors June Barrow-Green and Imre Leader, and published in 2008 by Princeton University Press (ISBN 978-0-691-11880-2). It provides an extensive overview of mathematics, and is noted for the high caliber of the contributors. The book was a 2011 winner of the Euler Book Prize of the Mathematical Association of America, given annually to "an outstanding book about mathematics".
Topics and organization.
The book concentrates primarily on modern pure mathematics rather than applied mathematics, although it does also cover both applications of mathematics and the mathematics that relates to those applications;
it provides a broad overview of the significant ideas and developments in research mathematics. It is organized into eight parts:
Despite its length, the range of topics included is selective rather than comprehensive: some important established topics such as diophantine approximation are omitted, transcendence theory, differential geometry, and cohomology get short shrift, and the most recent frontiers of research are also generally not included.
Target audience.
The book's authors have attempted to keep their work accessible by forgoing abstraction and technical nomenclature as much as possible and by making heavy use of concrete examples and illustrations. Compared to the concise and factual coverage of mathematics in sources such as Wikipedia and MathWorld, the articles in the "Princeton Companion" are intended to be more reflective and discursive, and to convey the beauty and depth of modern mathematics. Quoting a passage from Bertrand Russell that "Pure Mathematics is the class of all propositions of the form "p" implies "q"", the editor of the "Companion" states that it "is about everything that Russell’s definition leaves out."
The core sections of the "Companion" are aimed primarily at readers who are already familiar with mathematics at the undergraduate level. Much of the rest of the book, such as its collection of biographies, would be accessible to a mathematically inclined high school student, and there is enough depth of coverage in the book to interest even professional research mathematicians. Reviewer Jonathan Borwein summarizes the audience for this book broadly:
Contributors.
The contributors to "The Princeton Companion to Mathematics" consist of 133 of the world's best mathematicians. Timothy Gowers, its editor, is the recipient of the Fields Medal, considered to be the top honor in mathematics. Other contributors include Fields medalists Michael Atiyah, Alain Connes, Charles Fefferman, and Terence Tao, and well-known mathematicians Noga Alon, George Andrews, Béla Bollobás, John P. Burgess, Clifford Cocks, Ingrid Daubechies, Persi Diaconis, Jordan Ellenberg, Oded Goldreich, Andrew Granville, Jeremy Gray, Frank Kelly, Sergiu Klainerman, Jon Kleinberg, János Kollár, Peter Lax, Dusa McDuff, Barry Mazur, Carl Pomerance, Eleanor Robson, Peter Sarnak, Madhu Sudan, Clifford Taubes, and Avi Wigderson.
Awards.
Gowers and the "Princeton Companion" were the 2011 winners of the Euler Book Prize of the Mathematical Association of America, given annually to "an outstanding book about mathematics".
The "Princeton Companion" was also listed as an outstanding title by "", a publication of the American Library Association, in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20240390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240390" title="Z11 (computer)">
Z11 (computer)

The Z11 was a computer, the first serially produced machine of the Zuse KG.
Weighing , in 1955 it was built with relays and stepwise relays. Beginning in 1957 the Z11 could be programmed by punched tapes. It consumed 2 kW of electricity, and operated mechanically at a frequency of 10 to 20 Hz. Both input and output were in decimal numbers, and it used floating point arithmetic.
The Z11 was first presented on the Hanover Messe in 1957. Today the German Museum of Technology exhibits one of the surviving Z11s.
External links.
Z11 information

</doc>
<doc id="20240393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240393" title="Children of Darkness">
Children of Darkness

Children of Darkness is a 1983 American documentary film produced by Ara Chekmayan and Richard Kotuk. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. 

</doc>
<doc id="20240406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240406" title="Stanah Community Primary School">
Stanah Community Primary School

Stanah Community Primary School (formerly Stanah County Primary School) is an English mixed primary school located in the Stanah area of Thornton, Lancashire.
Built in the 1960s, the school, located on Lambs Road (or, as it is known locally, Lambs Hill) has around 400 pupils, aged 4 to 11. Its head teacher is Hamish Clough. He replaced Ian Todd who, after three-and-a-half years as head, took up a position at the University of Cumbria in January 2010. Mr. Todd's predecessor was Tony Ford, who retired in the summer of 2006 after twelve years in the role. One of the earlier and long-serving head teachers was Jean Fisher. Another was Mr.G.B.B.Evans who was headmaster in the 1970s.
The school comprises two separate buildings. A smaller annex (infants) is attended by the foundation class and years 1 and 2. For year 3, the children move into the larger main building (juniors). The smaller building was mothballed in the early 1980s when school rolls dropped, but it was renovated and reopened around a decade later. The infants building also houses a preschool nursery called Stanah Sunflowers.
On the junior's building stands the school's distinctive chimney. Originally white with a black tip, resembling a magician's wand with its colours reversed, it was repainted all-white in the 1990s.
Notable people.
The Krankies "(pictured)" visited Stanah for a summer fair in the early 1980s. Leslie Crowther also visited around the same time. Jazz musician Dan Forshaw attended the school from 1988 to 1992, and it was in the school wind band that he first picked up his instrument.

</doc>
<doc id="20240419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240419" title="Uncial 0184">
Uncial 0184

Uncial 0184 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek-Coptic diglot uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 6th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Gospel of Mark 15:36-37,40-41, on one parchment leaf (29 cm by 23 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 23 lines per page, in uncial letters. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type, with many singular omissions. Aland placed it in Category II. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
The codex currently is housed at the Austrian National Library (Pap. K. 8662) in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="20240431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240431" title="Edwin Wilkins Field">
Edwin Wilkins Field

Edwin Wilkins Field (12 October 1804 – 30 July 1871) was an English lawyer and painter who committed much of his life to law reform.
Life.
Edwin was the eldest son of William Field and was born at Leam, near Warwick. He was educated at his father's school, and on 19 March 1821 was articled to the firm of Taylor & Roscoe, solicitors, of King's Bench Walk, Temple. For some years after arriving in London he lived in the family of the junior partner, Robert Roscoe, to the influence of whose artistic tastes he attributed "much of the pleasures" of his later life. Edgar Taylor (died 1839), the senior partner, was not only an eminent solicitor, but a remarkably accomplished scholar. At Michaelmas term, 1826, Field was admitted attorney and solicitor. He had thoughts of beginning business in Warwick, but remained in London on the advice of James Booth, joining his fellow-clerk, William Sharpe (1804–1870), to form the firm of Sharpe & Field, in Bread Street, Cheapside. Henry Ellwood was their first clerk. In 1835 Taylor, who was then alone, took Sharpe and Field into partnership with him. The office of the firm was long in Bedford Row, afterwards in Lincoln's Inn Fields.
In 1840 Field came forward as an advocate of chancery reform. His "Observations of a Solicitor" attracted much attention. In 1841 two of his suggestions were carried out, by the abolition of the Exchequer of pleas as a court of equity, and the appointment of two additional Vice-Chancellors. The energy with which he continued to press his views had much to do with the passing of the Court of Chancery Act 1842, by which the Six Clerks and Sworn Clerks were abolished, and the path was opened for further improvements in the efficiency and economy of chancery proceedings. In 1844 Field was in communication with the Board of Trade on the subject of a winding-up act for joint-stock companies. The Joint Stock Companies Act 1848 substantially embodied the proposals contained in a draft bill laid before the legal adviser of the Board of Trade on 27 April 1846, by Field and his friend Rigge, who had formerly been in his office.
As early as 1846 Field took up the question of reform in the system of legal remuneration, advocating an "ad valorem" system, with the option of special contract. He had the support of Lord Langdale, then Master of the Rolls, and pressed the matter on various legal societies, giving evidence on the subject in July 1851 before a committee of the House of Lords. Lord Westbury's bill of 1865, on which Field was consulted, was not passed but the act of 1870 gave effect to his views so far as regards the option of contract. In 1861 he was appointed on a royal commission to report on the Accountant General's department of the Court of Chancery. The Courts of Justice Building Act 1865 and Courts of Justice Concentration (Site) Act 1865 were largely promoted by his exertions. He was secretary to the royal commission appointed in that year to prepare a plan for the new Royal Courts of Justice, and declined any remuneration for his services.
As a unitarian dissenter, Field was naturally interested in the decisions. in the Hewley Fund and other cases, which invalidated the title of unitarians to any trust property created before 1813, the date of their legal toleration. Field suggested the remedy of an act of parliament, and was the mainspring of the agitation which secured the passing of the Dissenters' Chapels Act 1844, making the legal toleration of unitarian opinion retrospective and, in the case of all dissenting trusts not in favour of specific doctrines, legalising the usage of twenty-five years. His co-religionists raised a sum of £530. in acknowledgment of Field's unpaid services. He applied it towards the rebuilding of his father's meeting-house at Kenilworth. A further memorial of the passing of the act was the building of University Hall, Gordon Square (opened 16 October 1849), towards which Field himself collected much money. In 1847 he was consulted by Robert Hibbert about a trust which he was proposing to create, with the aim of securing a higher culture in the ministry of his denomination. The provisions of the trust deed (executed 19 July) were mainly due to Field's suggestions. He induced Hibbert to modify his original plan in favour of what has become practically an endowment for research, and which produced, since 1878, the annual series of Hibbert Lectures.
Art.
From 1857 Field exerted himself in procuring a measure for establishing artistic copyright. He worked hard for the Fine Arts Copyright Act 1862, though it did not do all he desired. In reply to the thanks of the Society of Arts, he wrote that no labour he could ever give would repay his obligations to art and artists.
Field's maxim was, "Have one horse, and one hobby." The beginning of his love for art he traced to a Warwickshire artist, William Ryder. Early in his professional life he introduced a drawing class at the Harp Alley school, and taught it once a week. Forced to rusticate at Ventnor by a broken leg, he spent a long vacation in sketching. From this period art was the perpetual joy of his busy life. He taught it to working men, cultivated it in the "conversation society" founded at his residence, Squire's Mount, Hampstead, and pursued it in successive long vacations on the Thames, at Mill House, Cleve, near Goring-on-Thames, Oxfordshire. His original sketches fill many folios. He greatly assisted Henry Crabb Robinson in forming the Flaxman Gallery at University College, London. He was a member of the committee of the fine art section of the 1862 International Exhibition. In 1868 he took a leading part in framing the scheme for the Slade School of Art (opened 1871) in connection with University College. Few things gratified him more than the token of regard presented to him in 1863 by his artist friends of the Old Water-colour Society, in the shape of a portfolio of their original drawings.
Personality, death and memorial.
Writing in 1888, Gordon observed, "Field's character impressed even casual acquaintances, and accounted for the warmth and range of his friendships. All his ideals were high; and his pace and force were tremendous. His convictions were strong; equally strong was his love of independence in others. ‘Do you believe that heresy is the salt of the earth?’ was a characteristic question of his. A certain bluffness of manner expressed the rapidity of his mind, without veiling his robust goodness of heart."
He was twice married:
Field was drowned in the Thames by the capsizing of a boat on 30 July 1871 while in company with Henry Ellwood, his old clerk. Both were good swimmers but their strength had been exhausted in supporting another clerk, who could not swim, and was saved. On 4 August he was buried at Highgate Cemetery, in a vault next to that of his friend Robinson. A statue stands in the Royal Courts of Justice.

</doc>
<doc id="20240448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240448" title="Albert Wilson">
Albert Wilson

Albert Wilson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20240454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240454" title="Horst Weber">
Horst Weber

Dr. jur. Horst Benno Fridigern Weber (8 August 1919 in Münster – 8 January 2007 in Bad Neuenahr) was a German Schnellboot commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
Horst Weber was born on 8 August 1919 in Münster Germany, and joined the German Navy (Deutsche Kriegsmarine) in 1937. From December 1939 to June 1940 he served with the 1st S-boot flotilla, in the English Channel and North Sea. The same year he transferred to the 3rd S-boot flotilla serving on S-13 and S-35 in the Baltic in action around Leningrad. Later in July 1941 he served on S-55 as Kommandant in the Mediterranean, until January 1944. He was appointed Oberleutnant at Sea and awarded the Knight’s Cross on 5 July 1943, and in January 1945 he was appointed Kapitänleutnant on S-191, of the 10th Flotilla. S-191 was subsequently sunk in collision with S-301 on 7 May 1945 in the Fehmarnsund (Baltic Sea off Kiel) the day before the war ended. 
Horst Weber survived the war and died in Bad Neuenahr-Ahrweiler in the Rhineland on 8 January 2007 aged 87.
German Schnellboots.
The Schnellboot or S-boot ("fast craft") was a German small, fast torpedo boat, which saw service during World War II. The S-boats were approximately twice as large as its British and American counterparts. By comparison with the Allied craft, the S-boats were better suited for the open sea and had a substantially longer range at approximately 700 nautical miles. The allies called these small, fast torpedo boats "E-boats" whereas to the Germans they were "S-boats" – Schnellboots.
Schnellboot S-55, technical details
Built: F. R Lurssen Bootswerft at Bremen-Vegesack and commissioned during August 1940 (at Kiel) to form part of Third Flotilla.
Captain: Kommandant (later Oberleutnant) Horst Weber
Displacement: of 100 tons, 115 ft x 16.5 ft x 6.5 ft.
Powered: by three Daimler Benz 16 cylinder engines, each of 2000 HP, giving a maximum speed of 42 knots
Endurance: 700 miles @ 30 knots
Armament: 2 x 21 inch torpedo tubes, 2 single 20 mm guns, spare torpedoes on deck or depth charges
Crew: 21
Short History of S-55, part of the 3rd S-Boat flotilla ('Penguin insignia').
The Third S-boat Flotilla (10 boats) at the time of entering the Mediterranean comprised: S-55, S-35, S-61, S-31, S-34, S-56, S-54, S-57, S-58, S-59 On completion of its service in the Baltic the Third S-Boat Flotilla had been moved to Wilhelmshaven for a thorough refit. When this work was finished, the journey to the Mediterranean began on the morning of 7 October 1941. Divided into two groups of five (S-55, 35, 61, 31, 34) and (S-56, 54, 57, 58, 59) they set out from Wilhelmshaven for Rotterdam. Rough weather was encountered in the North Sea and S-54 and 57 suffered damage which necessitated a delay in Rotterdam for repairs.
From there the journey down the Rhine was carried out at an average speed of 15 knots and in daily stages until reaching Strasbourg. From here the route led through the Rhine-Rhône canal, through 167 locks, down to the Burgundian Gate, along the River Doubs to the estuary where it joins the Saone river at St Sinforien, thence down the Saone and finally into the Rhone at Lyon. From here the boats proceeded down river to the Mediterranean. The first group of boats completed the journey quite quickly and by December 1941 they were ready to undertake their first operations from Sicily on the night of 16 December 1941, when they laid mines off the entrance to the Grand Harbour, Malta.
The second group required somewhat longer to complete the journey to the Mediterranean, the low level of water in the Rhone holding them up for six weeks, so that it was 10 January 1942 before they could move on. They reached La Spezia in northern Italy on 15 January 1942, and from there continued to Augusta in Sicily, where the first group had already started their operations. The journey from Germany was extremely difficult due to narrow locks and low bridges. Because the S-Boats with the 20 cylinder engines were too large for the Rhine-Rhone canal locks, the 3rd Flotilla, whose boats had the smaller 16 cylinder engine, was chosen. Even with these boats, extensive modifications were still found to be necessary. In addition alterations had to be made for reasons of camouflage, e.g. the aft 20 mm AA gun was removed and the torpedo tubes covered with sheet metal plating. A thick funnel was placed over the forward engine fanlight. The bridge house was reduced to about half its height and the cut away top placed on the after deck. This meant that the helmsman had to stand in the open. Finally the boats were painted pitch-black and the Reich Service Flag flown (as worn by fleet auxiliaries). The intention was to give them the appearance of air-sea-rescue vessels. The crews wore civilian clothes and all military talk in front of strangers was strictly forbidden. Throughout the journey to the Mediterranean there was a total clampdown on mail and leave.
On the 14th June 1942, during a relief convoy to Malta (Operation Vigorous from Alexandria), S-55 torpedoed HMS Hasty about 90 nautical miles north-west of Derna, Libya. (Ship abandoned and sunk by HMS Hotspur the next day). The following March after sinking HMS Lightning, he was appointed Oberleutnant at Sea and awarded the Knight’s Cross on 5 July 1943. 
S-55 and the Third S-boat Flotilla moved to the port of Bizerte on 8 November 1942 (just as HMS "Lightning" was completing her UK refit in Chatham), and left when Tunisia was taken by the Allies in May 1943, two months after the sinking of "Lightning". She later took part in the capture of the island of Leros (Dodecanese Islands, Aegean Sea) in the autumn of 1943 and was finally sunk on 10 January 1944 by allied bombing (one of her torpedoes exploded) at Korcŭla (Croatia) on the Adriatic Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="20240464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240464" title="Jean Périer">
Jean Périer

Jean (Alexis) Périer (2 February 1869, Paris – 3 November 1954) was a French operatic baritone and actor. Although he sang principally within the operetta repertoire, Périer did portray a number of opera roles; mostly within operas by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Giacomo Puccini. His career was almost entirely centered in Paris and he had a long association with the Opéra-Comique. He sang in a large number of world premieres, most notably originating the role of Pelléas in Claude Debussy's "Pelléas et Mélisande" in 1902. In addition to his opera career, Périer appeared in several films between 1900 and 1938.
Biography.
Jean Périer was born in Paris, the son of Belgian parents. His father was an opera singer and repetiteur.
After initially working at the Credit Lyonnais, he became a pupil of Émile-Alexandre Taskin (opéra comique) and Romain Bussine (singing) at the Paris Conservatoire, winning first prizes in both in 1892. He made his debut as Monostatos in Mozart's "The Magic Flute" at the Opéra-Comique later that year on 16 December. He continued to perform at that opera house until 1920, with the exception of the years 1894 through 1900 when he principally sang at the Théâtre des Bouffes Parisiens and other Parisian theatres specializing in operetta.
Although he performed a great deal of operetta, he also sang a number of operatic roles including the title role in "Don Giovanni", Lescaut in "Manon Lescaut", and Scarpia in "Tosca". His career was almost entirely centred in Paris, particularly at the Opéra-Comique, where he notably created the role of Pelléas in Debussy's "Pelléas et Mélisande". He repeated the role of Pelléas at the Manhattan Opera Company in 1908 and at the Opéra de Monte-Carlo. He appeared in numerous other world premieres, most notably Ramiro in Ravel's "L'heure espagnole" (1911) and leading roles in Messager's "Véronique" (1898) and "Fortunio" (1907).
Périer's other roles at the Opéra-Comique included Clément Marot in "La Basoche", Juliano in "Le domino noir", Lindorf in "Les contes d’Hoffmann", Lescaut in "Manon", Ulysse in "Télémaque", Laerte in "Mignon", César in "Les rendez-vous bourgeois", Caoudal in "Sapho", Francois in "Le Chemineau", Crispin in "Le légataire universel" and Auguste in "L'enfant roi".
Although described as a baritone, he created roles for Debussy and Ravel in the Baryton-Martin register. His was a declamatory art, and he created convincing characters with the help of his clear diction and his ability as an actor. In addition to his opera career, he acted in several films between 1900 and 1938. His voice on one of the seven published recordings he made (Act 2 of "Véronique", 1904) is described as dry and husky.
After retiring in 1938, Périer worked as an acting and singing teacher in Paris. He died in Neuilly-sur-Seine, Paris on 3 November 1954. His brother was the French popular singer Camille Périer "Kam-Hill", 1856–1935.
Roles created by Périer.
Among roles which Périer created are:
Périer also played the speaking role of Brother Dominic in the premiere of Honegger's dramatic oratorio "Jeanne d'Arc au Bûcher" in Basle on 12 May 1938, with Ida Rubinstein.
Films.
In the second half of his career Périer appeared in over 30 French feature films, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20240468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240468" title="Grindstone Lake (Wisconsin)">
Grindstone Lake (Wisconsin)

Geographical and General Information.
Grindstone Lake is a large freshwater lake located in north central Wisconsin in the Town of Bass Lake, Sawyer County, United States, in township 40 north, ranges 8 and 9 west. The lake is roughly oval shaped being approximately three miles in length east to west and two miles (3 km) north to south. Grindstone Lake is in size (including islands) with a maximum depth of and a shoreline of . The lake has a small inlet stream (Grindstone Creek) that enters on the east shore of the lake and that originates from a series of springs (Upper Grindstone, Grindstone, Graveyard, and Lower Grindstone Springs) that are located a short distance northeast of the lake. There is an outlet on the southeast shore of the lake that leads through a small stream (also called Grindstone Creek) to Lac Courte Oreilles.
Grindstone Lake is located approximately six miles southeast of the city of Hayward, the primary commercial and retail center of the area, and is one of three large natural lakes (Lac Courte Oreilles, Grindstone Lake, and Round Lake) located to the south and east of the city. There is a small unincorporated residential community on the south side of the lake commonly referred to as Northwoods (or North Woods) Beach. The eastern part of the lake is located in the Lac Courte Oreilles Indian Reservation. The shore of the lake is principally occupied by seasonal lake cabins and homes.
There are two public boat landings on Grindstone Lake: an improved landing at the southwest corner and a small, unimproved landing at the southeast corner near the outlet stream. A large commercial Cranberry bog is located on the southwest shore of the lake near the improved boat landing. Grindstone Lake is a popular resort area drawing cabin owners and visitors from the Minneapolis-St. Paul, Milwaukee, and Chicago metropolitan areas.
Origin of name.
The Dictionary of Wisconsin History on the Wisconsin Historical Society Website states that the name "Grindstone Lake" originates from the Chippewa word "Gaa-zhiigwanaabikokaag" meaning "a place abundant with grindstones." However, the lake has not always been referred to as "Grindstone Lake" in the past. Schoolcraft in the report of his expedition through this area in 1831 called it "Lac du Gres" which means "Sandstone Lake" in French. Captain James Allen who accompanied Schoolcraft on the expedition in the following year (1832) to the source of the Mississippi River produced a detailed map of the northern Minnesota/Wisconsin area after that trip. On this map he labels Grindstone Lake in English as "Sandstone Lake."
History.
Prior to European exploration, the area of Grindstone Lake was inhabited by the Ojibwa Indians. The first known visit by Europeans to the area was around 1660. Pierre-Esprit Radisson and Médard des Groseilliers travelled from Chequamegon Bay on Lake Superior southward through the area in 1659 and stayed for a period at an Indian village that has been identified as being located on the nearby Lac Courte Oreilles.
Grindstone Lake was apparently well travelled by Indians and early traders and explorers who used it as part of the route from Lac Courte Oreilles in the Chippewa River watershed, through Grindstone Lake and Windigo Lake and over the Namekagon Portage, to the Namekagon River in the St. Croix River watershed. A later explorer, Jonathan Carver, passed through the area in 1767 and specifically travelled through what the editor identifies as Grindstone Lake on June 29, 1767 on his way from the Indian village on Lac Courte Oreilles to the Namekagon River. The area was later visited by Henry Schoolcraft in 1831 who described crossing from the St. Croix River watershed to the Chippewa River watershed by ascending the Namekagon River, crossing the Namekagon Portage, and passing through Windigo Lake (called by him Lac des Isles) and Grindstone Lake (called by him Lac du Gres) to Lac Courte Oreilles.
The Sawyer County Historical Society Website contains an interesting article regarding early "fishing clubs" that were located on Grindstone Lake around the turn of the 20th Century."

</doc>
<doc id="20240476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240476" title="Tony Tarracino">
Tony Tarracino

Tony Tarracino (August 10, 1916 – November 1, 2008), commonly called Captain Tony, was an American saloonkeeper, boat captain, politician, gambler, and storyteller in Key West, Florida. He was a well-known personality in the city and has been called "arguably the city's most beloved resident" and "the conscience of Key West."
Biography.
Anthony Tarracino was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey to a bootlegger father. He dropped out of the ninth grade to make and sell whiskey, illegal at the time due to Prohibition. After becoming a gambler, getting involved with the New Jersey Mafia, and being beaten and left for dead at the Newark city dump, he moved to Key West, Florida, in 1948.
There he became a shrimper, a charter boat captain, and a gunrunner. From 1961, Tarracino was the proprietor of Captain Tony's Saloon at 428 Greene Street in Key West, the original location of Sloppy Joe's bar frequented by Ernest Hemingway in the 1930s (the current Sloppy Joe's is located a few doors away at 201 Duval Street). He sold the bar in 1989 but remained a fixture there until shortly before his death. The bar still retains his name.
Tarracino was politically active in Key West politics running for mayor four times before winning office in 1989 by only 32 votes out of more than 6,000 cast. He sought to "limit Key West's growth and to keep its reputation as a refuge for eccentrics and renegades who had found their way to the southernmost point of the continental United States." As mayor, he preserved Key West's daily sunset celebration but he lost a bid for re-election in 1991 to Dennis Wardlow, "prime minister" of the tongue-in-cheek protest secessionist Conch Republic. Tarracino spoke of his two-year term in the office as "the greatest two years of my life."
Tarracino was the author of "Life Lessons of a Legend" with Brad Manard. At the time of his death, Wendy Tucker, a former "Miami Herald" reporter was ghostwriting his autobiography, "The Breaks".
Personal life.
Tarracino had several wives and was married to his fourth, Marty, for 38 years at the time of his death. He fathered 13 children, including former "" contestant, Keith Famie. His youngest child, Tony Tarracino Jr., was born when Captain Tony was age 70. He outlived his first three wives, Mimi, Mae, and Shirley, and one of his sons.
Cultural impact.
Tarracino was portrayed by Stuart Whitman in "Cuba Crossing", a 1980 movie about adventurers who get caught up in a plot to kill Fidel Castro. Gulf and western singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett, who managed one of his unsuccessful mayoral bids, wrote and sang "Last Mango in Paris" about the tales of Tarracino. The song begins with the lines "I went down to Captain Tony's / To get out of the heat / I heard a voice call out to me / 'Son come have a seat'."

</doc>
<doc id="20240504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240504" title="William Richard Chetwynd">
William Richard Chetwynd

William Richard Chetwynd (c.1731 – February 1765) was an English aristocrat and politician. 
The son of John Chetwynd, 2nd Viscount Chetwynd, he was educated at Corpus Christi College, University of Oxford. 
He was elected as Member of Parliament for Stafford in 1754 and held the seat until his death in 1765. His father had served as MP for the same seat 1738–1747; the Chetwynd family has strong associations with Stafford. 
William Chetwynd married Elizabeth, daughter of William Wollaston, MP for Ipswich. They had a daughter Isabella, who married John Parsons.
William Chetwynd pre-deceased his father and left no male heir. The family estates at Ingestre passed on his father's death to his sister Catherine and then to her son William Talbot, 1st Earl Talbot, while his father's title as Viscount passed to William's uncle and namesake William Richard Chetwynd, 3rd Viscount Chetwynd.

</doc>
<doc id="20240506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240506" title="Uncial 0185">
Uncial 0185

Uncial 0185 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 4th-century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the First Epistle to the Corinthians 3:6-9; 4:1-5, on one parchment leaf (19 cm by 15 cm). This leaf has survived in a fragmentary condition. The text is written in two columns per page, 24 lines per page, in uncial letters.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II.
It was written and found in Egypt. Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 4th-century. Karl Wessely published its transcription.
The codex currently is housed at the Austrian National Library (Pap. G. 39787) in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="20240511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240511" title="Chris Terrill">
Chris Terrill

Chris Terrill is a British anthropologist, adventurer, author and filmmaker.
Biography.
Born in Brighton, Sussex in 1952, Terrill attended Brighton College 1965–1970, and then went to Durham University, where he gained a joint-honours degree in Geography and Anthropology. Between 1976 and 1977 he lived with the remote Acholi Tribe of Southern Sudan where he carried out doctoral research on the impact of civil war on the tribal society before taking up the post of Head of Geography at Rendcomb College in Gloucestershire. In 1983, he left teaching to become a full-time professional anthropologist working for the International Disaster Institute and the UN in Geneva and throughout the famine gripped and war ravaged areas of Africa. Later, and quite by accident, he moved into broadcasting when he went to give an interview to the BBC African Service and was offered a job on the spot. Instantly, he changed careers and became a producer for the BBC World Service specialising in African affairs. After five years in radio he joined BBC television as a documentary producer, making investigative documentaries and observational films about communities all over the world.
As a programme maker, Terrill has stayed true to his academic background and has continued to employ anthropological methodology—particularly participant observation. He will embed with communities for months and years if necessary to achieve the necessary trust to make his films or write his books. Indeed, as a Fellow of the Royal Anthropological Institute and the Royal Geographical Society, Terrill is still widely regarded as a practising anthropologist/geographer who uses film as his primary research tool and recording medium in the field.
He won the prestigious Royal Television Society Award for Innovation for his series "Soho Stories" (BBC2) as well as an Emmy for outstanding investigative journalism for a film called "Ape Trade". This "Inside Story Special" (BBC1) exposed the major gangs smuggling endangered orangutans to illegal markets in Taiwan, the USA and Russia. After 20 years at the BBC, and with over 100 prime time films to his name, he left the corporation in 2003 to set up his own company, Uppercut Films, and began to specialise in military and high adventure documentaries—though always concentrating on communities/groups and their internal dynamics. In 2007, he documented and participated in the rigorous eight months training with the Royal Marine Commandos after which he followed the newly qualified recruits to the front line in Afghanistan for their first taste of real war. Terrill is the first civilian to complete all four commando tests for which he was awarded an honorary green beret. Terrill is also the oldest person—military or civilian—to have passed the commando tests.
Terrill never uses a film crew, preferring always to work alone, doing his own camerawork and sound recording. This "lone wolf" technique, a hallmark of his work, lends his films a very intimate and personal style. Using the new digital technology, he was the first front line filmmaker to experiment as a self-shooting/self-recording director in the mid 1990s on his seminal "Soho Stories". This series, a colourful portrait of London's glamorous Soho district, was a runaway success and gave birth to the much vaunted, and subsequently much copied, docu-soap style of filmmaking. Widely credited as the "father of the docu-soap", though both Paul Watson and Jeremy Mills have similar claim to the title, Terrill then went on to refine his techniques on prime time series such as "The Cruise" (BBC1), "Jailbirds" (BBC1), "Through the Eyes of the Old" (BBC1), "The Ship" (BBC2), "Shipmates" (BBC 1) and two feature documentary specials on Charlotte Church—"Spreading Her Wings" (BBC1) and "Confessions of a Teen-angel" (ITV1). "Commando: On the Front Line" (ITV1)—a powerful account of Royal Marine Commandos fighting in Afghanistan was followed by "Nature's Fury" (ITV1) a trilogy on the world's greatest storms and their impact on communities. By now Terrill had expanded his multi-skilling into not only filming and directing but being his own presenter as well. This "one man and his camera" approach is a sub-genre of his own filmmaking style that he is continuing to develop, particularly in the realm of high adventure. 
In 2009 Terrill made a series on the Theatre Royal, Haymarket, London, called "Theatreland". This was an intimate portrait of theatre people in their own environment and featured Ian McKellen, Patrick Stewart and Anna Friel. In the same year he made a two-part film series about Royal Marines, badly injured in Afghanistan, attempting to climb in the high Himalayas ("Wartorn Warriors"—Sky1). In 2010 he spent six months on HMS Manchester in the Caribbean filming counter narcotics operations as well as humanitarian disaster relief during the hurricane season ("Royal Navy: Caribbean Patrol" for Channel Five and National Geographic). In 2011 Terrill returned to working with the Royal Marines when he joined 42 Commando in the dangerous Nad e Ali (north) district of Helmand Province. This was for a 6-part series commissioned by Channel Five entitled "Royal Marines: Mission Afghanistan" transmitted in January/February 2012.
In late 2011 Terrill embarked on a project that brought together his two passions (the military and the theatre) in a remarkable way. The Theatre Royal, Haymarket (where Terrill had filmed Theatreland in 2009) put on a play using injured soldiers and marines as the actors. The play, written by the poet Owen Sheers and based on the experiences of the soldiers mostly in Afghanistan, was called "The Two Worlds of Charlie F". After two months' rehearsal when the badly injured cast were transformed into seasoned actors, singers and dancers (despite many of them being amputees) the play was performed in front of a gala audience on 22 January 2012. It was a triumphant success. Terrill's feature-length film entitled "Theatre of War" followed the story from day one of rehearsal right through to the performance and was shown to critical acclaim on BBC1's Imagine strand. 
Terrill lectures widely on film making techniques - especially on working solo in the field. He holds regular workshops at the London Film School.
Personal Life.
In 1999 Terrill became engaged to the model and activist Heather Mills after only 12 days in Cambodia, where they were making a film about landmines. Mills ended their relationship five days before their planned wedding day, later telling friends in the media that she had called the wedding off because Terrill was gay, an MI6 agent and that his mission was to undermine her anti-landmine work. All these allegations proved to be false. Terrill had once told Mills that he had been interviewed by the intelligence services when he was thinking of a career with the Foreign Office, but later said, "I soon realised that Heather had a somewhat elastic relationship with the truth, which she was able to stretch impressively sometimes". After walking out on Terrill Heather Mills was almost immediately linked to Paul McCartney who she later married but has since divorced.
Terrill is now married to the BAFTA award winning filmmaker Christine Hall.
On 9th February, 2013 Terrill received a full apology in open court from News Group for repeatedly hacking his phone in 2005/06. They also paid undisclosed but substantial damages plus costs.
Terrill is a keen amateur athlete, specialising in ultra running, triathlon, rugby and boxing.

</doc>
<doc id="20240517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240517" title="Shogun Finance Ltd v Hudson">
Shogun Finance Ltd v Hudson

Shogun Finance Ltd v Hudson [http://www.parliament.the-stationery-office.com/pa/ld200203/ldjudgmt/jd031119/shogun-1.htm UKHL 62 is an English contract law case decided in the House of Lords, on the subject of mistaken identity as a basis for rescission of a contract. The case has been the subject of much criticism in failing to effectively clarify the area of mistake to identity.
Facts.
A rogue went to buy a Mitsubishi Shogun on hire purchase. The rogue told Shogun Finance Ltd that his name was Mr Patel and produced Mr Patel’s driving licence. The finance company did a credit check on Mr Patel, finding no problems, and the rogue drove away. Then, the rogue sold the car to Mr Norman Hudson. Under s.27 Hire Purchase Act 1964 a non-trade buyer of a car who buys in good faith from a hirer under a hire purchase agreement becomes the owner, so Mr Hudson would have been the owner if the hire purchase agreement were valid. Shogun Finance argued that it was not on the basis that there was a mistake as to identity. They therefore claimed against Mr Hudson for conversion.
Judgment.
The majority of the House of Lords (Lord Hobhouse, Lord Phillips and Lord Walker) held there was no contract (rescission) of hire purchase between Shogun Finance and the rogue, so that the car was not Mr Hudson's. This followed the principle established in "Cundy v Lindsay", that written agreements do not infer a presumption to sell to the immediate purchaser, where identity is of key importance to contracting. Lord Nicholls and Lord Millett dissented. 
The judgments of Lord Nicholls and of Lord Millett are of interest, in their arguments to overrule "Cundy v Lindsay", in effect protecting the third party purchaser:
Such an idea was proposed by the Law Reform Committee in 1966, in their twelfth report. This would mean that in all cases of mistake to identity, contracts would be voidable, rather than immediately void. Therefore, should the original seller not repudiate the contract before the goods have been sold on, the third party would be protected.
Reception.
The result of "Shogun Finance Ltd v Hudson" is that the area of mistake to identity retains the 'face to face' distinction. This is that contracts of immediate vicinity differ from contracts made over distance. Such a distinction has been labelled "artificial and unfair" to third parties, who bear the entire loss, where - at least in the instant case - it is argued that Shogun Finance Ltd had far better means to uncover the rogue's fraud, than the independent purchaser; in any case, the original seller is usually in the better position to protect and insure against such risks.

</doc>
<doc id="20240541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240541" title="The Profession of Arms (1983 film)">
The Profession of Arms (1983 film)

The Profession of Arms () is a 1983 Canadian documentary film directed by Michael Bryans and Tina Viljoen. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
The film was the third film in the seven-part "War" series, hosted by Gwynne Dyer, examining modern warfare.

</doc>
<doc id="20240557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240557" title="The Profession of Arms">
The Profession of Arms

The Profession of Arms can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20240579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240579" title="List of LB&amp;SCR D2 class locomotives">
List of LB&amp;SCR D2 class locomotives

Stroudley 0-4-2 D2 "Lyons Class" Locomotives
Below are the names and numbers of the steam locomotives that comprised the LB&SCR D2 class, that ran on the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="20240587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240587" title="Russell Henderson">
Russell Henderson

Russell "Russ" Henderson, born Russell Audley Ferdinand Henderson (7 January 1924) in Belmont, Trinidad, is a jazz musician on the piano and the steelpan. He is most widely recognised as one of the founding figures of the Notting Hill Carnival in London, United Kingdom.
Biography.
Russ Henderson grew up in Belmont, Port-of-Spain. He founded the Russell Henderson Quartet in the 1940s and was soon well known in Trinidad. In 1951, Henderson travelled to England to study piano tuning at the North London Polytechnic.
He settled in England and founded Britain's first steelband combo with Mervyn Constantine and Sterling Betancourt, and has been vitally involved in building up Notting Hill Carnival, having played at the first Children's Carnival there in 1964.
Henderson is currently a friend of the 606 Club in London, where he performs a monthly show with his revised jazz quartet, sharing the evening with the Al Whynette Band. In his retirement he has given numerous interviews with BBC Radio 4 and BBC Four on his Notting Hill past.

</doc>
<doc id="20240600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240600" title="Uncial 0186">
Uncial 0186

Uncial 0186 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 5th-century (or 6th).
Description.
The codex contains small parts of the Second Epistle to the Corinthians 4:5-8.10.13, on four fragments of one parchment leaf (18 cm by 15 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 17 lines per page, in uncial letters. 
The text-type of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III. 
This manuscript was part of the same codex to which Uncial 0224 belonged. 0224 contains 2 Corinthians 4:5,12,13. It is currently housed at the Austrian National Library (Pap. G. 3075) in Vienna. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th or 6th-century.
The codex currently is housed at the Austrian National Library (Pap. G. 39788) in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="20240602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240602" title="Sir Robert Abercromby, 5th Baronet">
Sir Robert Abercromby, 5th Baronet

Sir Robert Abercromby, 5th Baronet (4 February 1784 – 6 July 1855) was a Scottish politician, the 5th Baronet of Birkenbog.
He was the son of Sir George Abercromby, 4th Baronet, and Jane Ogilvie, the daughter of Alexander Ogilvie, 7th Lord Banff. He succeeded to the titles on the death of his father in 1816. Among the properties he inherited were the main family seat, which was Forglen House in Turriff, Aberdeenshire. He commissioned the Aberdeen City Architect, John Smith to design a new mansion in 1839.
From 1812 to 1818 he was the Member of Parliament for Banffshire.
During the first quarter of the 19th-century, Abercromby purchased most of the town and lands of Fermoy in Ireland from fellow Scotsman John Anderson. His grandson, Robert John Abercromby, 7th Baronet is recorded as the owner of 434 acres of land in County Cork during the 1870s.
In 1852, a daughter, Roberta Henrietta Abercromby, married Sir Edwin Hare Dashwood, 7th Baronet.
In 1862, a daughter, Frances Emily Abercromby, married William Forbes-Sempill, 17th Lord Sempill.
References.
Citations
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="20240620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240620" title="RK Koper">
RK Koper

Rokometni Klub Koper (), commonly referred to as RK Koper or simply Koper, was a team handball club from Koper, Slovenia. They were dissolved in 2013 due to a financial debt. The team was also known as Cimos Koper due to sponsorship reasons.
Club history.
Handball was played in Koper for the first in the 1950s. At first under TVd Partizan and later on under RK Koper, for a while there were even two handball clubs in the town.
The club ceased operations many times and was brought back to life again, most recently in 1992.
In the 1994–95 season, the club organised its structure of sections and in the 1999–2000 season, the club qualified to the 1.B handball league.
After qualification to the 1.B league, the club received a support form the local company Cimos d.d. and in just two seasons, by 2001–02, RK Cimos koper qualified to the Slovenian First League of Handball.
Ever since, RK Cimos Koper developed rapidly and qualified to the EHF Cup in the 2004–05 season. In the Slovenian first league, they finished at the third place in the 2006–07 season. In the next season, they finished as the runners-up and qualified to the EHF Champions League.
Club supporters.
Koper fans were called the "Tifozi Koper" and "Dvanajsti Kopra".
Arena.
Koper played their home matches at the Bonifika Hall in Koper.
Honours.
League
Cup
International

</doc>
<doc id="20240623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240623" title="Saint Pierre Island">
Saint Pierre Island

Saint Pierre Island is one of the three main islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon. It contains the town of Saint-Pierre, which lies on the island's east coast and is the main population centre of the island group. 
Several smaller islands lie off the coast of Saint Pierre, notably L'Île-aux-Marins and L'Île-aux-Vainqueurs, both to the east, and Grand Colombier, which lies off Saint Pierre's northernmost point. Saint-Pierre and its neighboring islands form the Saint-Pierre commune, one of two communes in Saint Pierre and Miquelon (the other being Miquelon-Langlade).

</doc>
<doc id="20240658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240658" title="Bulgarian Premiere Futsal League">
Bulgarian Premiere Futsal League

Bulgarian Premiere Futsal League is the premier futsal league in Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="20240666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240666" title="Edward Sheehan">
Edward Sheehan

Edward Richard Fulton Sheehan (c. 1930 – November 3, 2008) was an American author and foreign correspondent who reported from the Middle East, Africa and Central America as a freelance journalist in the pages of newspapers, magazines and the many books he authored.
Life and family.
Growing up in Newton, Massachusetts, Sheehan attended the local parish school where he was the regular altar boy for the parish pastor, Bishop Richard Cushing, who was later elevated to become Archbishop of Boston and Cardinal. Sheehan remained a conservative Roman Catholic throughout his life.
He attended Boston College High School and moved on to Boston College, where he participated on the school's newspaper and graduated in 1952.
He served in the United States Navy after graduating from college. Sheehan was hired by the "Boston Globe" and was sent overseas to cover stories in Europe, the Middle East and North Africa. He started work for the United States Department of State in 1957, serving in the American embassies in Egypt in 1957 to 1958 and in Lebanon from 1959 to 1961.
Works.
These experiences were the seeds of his 1964 debut novel, "Kingdom of Illusion", published by Random House, which tells the intrigues swirling around Mohammed VII, playboy king of the Middle Eastern country of Al Khadra. Most of Sheehan's reporting career was as a freelance journalist, whose articles appeared in a variety of publications, including "Harper's Magazine" "The New York Review of Books" and "The New York Times".
His contributions to "The New York Times Magazine" in the 1960s and 1970s, included stories about travels on the Congo River, the ascendancy of Milton Obote as President of Uganda, the Black September hijackings and detonation of U.S. aircraft, the accession of Anwar Sadat in Egypt and Libya's Muammar al-Gaddafi and its oil wealth.
Sheehan was known for coverage of the Arab–Israeli conflict. Using his well placed sources, Sheehan was able to quote in a 1976 article of "Foreign Policy" conversations that took place in 1974 between Richard Nixon, Henry Kissinger and Mid-East leaders in which Nixon indicated his support for the return of all lands conquered by Israel in the 1967 Six-Day War. These excerpts were later expanded into his 1976 book "The Arabs, Israelis and Kissinger". The State Department denied the claims and a hunt was made for the source of the leaks. Further details from these reliable Nixon Administration sources were included in "The Arabs, Israelis and Kissinger" about Kissinger's role as a shuttle diplomat trying to resolve the conflict between Syrian leader Hafez Assad, Egyptian President Anwar Sadat and Israel's Prime Minister Golda Meir. Alfred Atherton, a career foreign service officer, had taken detailed notes during the shuttle negotiations and was Sheehan's source. Atherton was given what "Time" magazine described as a "serious reprimand" for his actions, though Kissinger himself appears to have authorized Atherton to share the information with Sheehan.
His 1989 book "Agony in the Garden" documented his travels to the war zones and trouble spots in Central America, including his travels with the Contras in Nicaragua.
Sheehan died in Newton at age 78 on November 3, 2008 of an allergic reaction to medication.

</doc>
<doc id="20240673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240673" title="Saeta (flamenco)">
Saeta (flamenco)

The saeta () is a revered form of Spanish religious song, whose form and style has evolved over many centuries. Saetas evoke strong emotion and are sung most often during public processions.
Performance.
The saeta is a song of Catholic Spain dating back many centuries. The "saeta antigua" saeta probably arose from the recitation of psalms under the influence of liturgical music. "Saetas vary greatly in form and style, ranging from simple syllabic melodies to highly ornamented ones." In the older tradition, solemn drums and horns might accompany the singer, or the saetero sang alone. Since the nineteenth century, however, the more favored saetas have incorporated distinct elements associated with Flamenco music, particularly the siguiriyas. 
The saeta is best known for its mournful power during Holy Week in Spain. The song is performed during the processions by religious confraternities that move slowly through the streets of cities and towns in southern Spain. Possessing a plaintive emotional intensity, and dramatic charge, the saeta is sung by the "saetero", often from a balcony, and may be addressed to the statue of Jesus below, in his agony on the Via Dolorosa, or to that of his suffering mother Mary. These and other crafted statues are mounted on platforms and carried along the streets on the shoulders of several penitents who pass among the assembled public. The immediate emotional response to the saeta, often of intense sorrow, may be the reason for its name, as the Spanish word "saeta" can mean "arrow or dart" (also "bud of a vine" or "hand of a clock" or "magnetic needle"). 
Saetas are also sung at outdoor devotions throughout Lent, and may be sung during the Christmas season as well. A special form of the saeta (the "saeta carcelera") is also sung at prisons during visits there by the confraternities. Several of the cities in Andalusia have their own peculiar styles of the saeta.
The music.
The saeta is frequently sung a cappella. Taken from flamenco music are the melismas, tercios, and other flourishes. Although the saeta is one of the cantes a palo seco, the singer may also be accompanied, e.g., by beating drums, and horns. Arabic and Hebraic origins have been proposed.
Palos of flamenco adopted by the saeta include especially the siguiriyas and the martinetes. Other forms include the "saeta por soleares", the "por polos", the "por cañas", and the "por fandangos". Flamenco guitar accompaniment may be in 2/4 or 6/8 time, or may interchange regularly between 3/4 and 6/8 . Commonly the "saetero" sings in a minor key finishing on the dominant; the meter of different verses will often be variable depending on the interpretation. The cantaor Manuel Torre (1878–1933) was well regarded for his Saeta.
Its passion.
Of a diverse heritage, the Saeta has become the emotional artistic fruit of several cultures. The Gypsies "se sienten identificados con los episodios de la Pasión y consideran a Jesús como un hermano en desgracia que sufre persecusión y muerte." Nothing of course substitutes for hearing and bearing witness to the Saeta. 
"La saeta, pues, costituye la síntesis antropológica del andaluz (hondura, plástica, señorío, dolor metafísico) coronada en santidad. La saeta exige un máximo de veracidad pasional, por lo mismo que a nadie le es dado encaramarse en la audacia de sus ayes sin la potencia y la certeza que brinda la posesión heroica del dolor."
It is said that Andalusians must talk to God during Holy Week, singing the Saeta during a cofradía procession being a mode of choice.

</doc>
<doc id="20240697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240697" title="Sabino dialect">
Sabino dialect

Sabino is a Central Italian dialect spoken in Central Italy, exactly in an area which includes northern part of province of Aquila and the whole province of Rieti, with some linguistic islands in the Rome's one. It preserves the Late Latin vocalism, also known as "archaic vocalism".
It is divided in three main groups, each one representing a local form of Sabino.

</doc>
<doc id="20240702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240702" title="RK Trimo Trebnje">
RK Trimo Trebnje

Rokometni Klub Trimo Trebnje (), commonly referred to as RK Trimo Trebnje or simply Trimo Trebnje, is a team handball club from Trebnje, Slovenia. Currently, it competes in the Slovenian First League of Handball.

</doc>
<doc id="20240737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240737" title="Venice for Lovers">
Venice for Lovers

Venice for Lovers is a collection of essays and travel impressions about the city of Venice in Italy, written by Louis Begley and wife Anka Muhlstein.
Overview.
Every year for all the 30 years they have been married, the couple spends long, enjoyable months in Venice. They write and live there and over the decades "La Serenissima" has become their second home. The owners of their favourite restaurants have become their friends and they share the lives of the locals, far off the beaten tourist tracks, as Muhlstein describes in her contribution to this book.
Louis Begley tells the story of how he fell in love with and in Venice. He is not the only one who did, as his literary essay on the city's place in world literature demonstrates: Henry James, Marcel Proust and Thomas Mann are only the most illustrious predecessors.
Originally written in German and French, the authors revised the English edition, adding extra material. The book is a very private view of a place, which will forever inspire dreams of love and passion.
Excerpt.
The last section of the book is written singlehanded by Louis Begley and is entitled "Venice: Reflections of a Novelist" and opens thus:
"The voice is not mine; it is Henry James's, who famously and fortunately disregarded his own advice by writing again and again about "la serenissima". As a novelist, I have obviously disregarded his counsel as well, and I am about to disregard it again now.
"I have been visiting Venice since 1954. In the 1980s, visits to Venice became an unquestioned annual event, one that my wife and I have come to regard as a fixed part of our lives. The rush of pleasure is just as intense when we first see from the water taxi we boarded at the airport the outline of the city glimmering in the morning haze; we still find that the way we live in Venice goes well with our work. Our painter son who has lived in Rome for many years, and whose knowledge of Venetian "calli" and "rii" and "sottoporteghi", and of the contents of the sacristies of out-of-the-way churches, is almost as surprising as my wife's, has continued to spend harmonious days with us, organized around lunches and dinners, which we eat late to safeguard the working hours during which we are not to be disturbed. I had the great good luck to get to know the work of Marcel Proust and Thomas Mann long before I first went to Venice: Mann beginning in 1949, when I read "Death in Venice", "Mario and the Magician," and "Disorder and Early Sorrow," and Proust's in the spring of 1951, when during one semester I made my way through all of "À la recherche du temps perdu". It was also in the early 1950s, although I cannot pinpoint the year, that I began to read Henry James, at first probably some of the stories and perhaps "The Turn of the Screw" and "Washington Square", and later, but while I was still at college, the longer works. Certainly, I had read "The Wings of the Dove" by the summer of 1954. I have a life-long unshakeable habit of peering at people, events and places through works of fiction I admire, as though they were so many different pairs of glasses, each of which in its own way adjusts my vision. Accordingly, I have no reason to doubt my memory of having looked at Venice from the start as Venice of James and Proust and Mann."

</doc>
<doc id="20240738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240738" title="Andrew Kettle">
Andrew Kettle

Andrew J. Kettle (1833–1916): was an Irish nationalist politician, progressive farmer, agrarian agitator and founder member of the Irish Land League. 
Born in Dublin, was a tenant farmer with properties in County Dublin. He married Margaret, daughter of Laurence McCourt of St. Margaret’s Finglas, north co. Dublin. They had twelve children, one of whom was Thomas Kettle, an Irish Volunteer who died in World War I. He and his father were members of Repeal Union. As a member of the Tenant Right League in the 1850s, he was influenced by the policies of Isaac Butt following the publication of Butt’s "Plea for the Celtic Race (1866)", so was from an early age in the constitutional movement to achieve Irish home rule. Kettle later became a close supporter of Michael Davitt and was instrumental in persuading Charles Stewart Parnell to support the land agitations of the late 1870s. He presided at the first meeting of the Land League in October 1879, at which Parnell became president and Kettle its honorary secretary. 
In 1881 Kettle proposed that the answer to the British government’s Coercion policy was that ‘’the whole Irish Party should rise and leave the House of Commons, cross over to Ireland and carry our a ‘no rent campaign’.’’ This policy of confrontation though opposed by Parnell, was adopted in modified form. Kettle was imprisoned for organising resistance to coercion. He was a signatory of the "No Rent Manifesto".
Following the Kilmainham Treaty he retired from active politics to spend more time working his farms. He adhered to Parnell in his crisis of 1890, giving support to Parnell’s policies. As Parnell's right hand man, Kettle shared a lot of his opinions, and wrote of his own views:
I confess that I felt 1885, and still feel, a greater leaning towards the British Tory party than I ever could have towards the so-called Liberals. Historians believe that Parnell, and Timothy Healy, shared that viewpoint.
Kettle stood for election as a nationalist candidate on several occasions.
On the occasion of his death the following obituary appeared in the Cork Examiner: 
VETERAN NATIONALIST. Sincere and widespread regret will be felt at the announcement of the death of Mr. A. J. Kettle, father of the late Lieut. T. M. Kettle, which occurred at his residence, St. Margaret’s co. Dublin. The deceased gentleman had reached the ripe age of 83. From the start of the constitutional movement he had been one of the most active spirits, and the faithful counsellor of its leaders. He was one of the founders of the Dublin Tenants’ Defence Association, and in that capacity was one of the deputation that induced the youth Parnell to challenge the Tory hold on County Dublin, in the contest against Colonel Taylor, which was Parnell’s baptism of fire in Irish politics. When Davitt unfurled the banner of the Land League he joined him in the foundation of the organisation, and was one of the most prominent members of the Land League Executive. Upon the arrest of Parnell, Dillon, Davitt, and the other leaders in 1861, he assumed with Mr. Patrick Egan the control of the organisation; and was one of the signatories of the No Rent Manifesto. His arrest under the Forster Coercion Act speedily followed, and he was imprisoned first at Naas and afterwards at Kilmainham. At the General Election of 1880 he had been put forward by the Land League as a candidate for County Cork in opposition to Colonel Colthurst. Though powerful forces were in operation against him, he secured a substantial vote, which however, failed to carry him to victory. After the lamentable events of 1890 he adhered to Mr. Parnell, and stood as a candidate for the representation of County Carlow, upon the death of O’Gorman Mahon. Again he was defeated in his Parliamentary candidature after a tough fight Strenuous as he was in battle, there was no more tolerant and generously minded man, and none welcomed more eagerly the re-union of the Nationalist forces. The passing away now of this great veteran Nationalist will be deeply mourned by Irishmen in every quarter of the habitable globe. 

</doc>
<doc id="20240739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240739" title="Alex Diaz (baseball)">
Alex Diaz (baseball)

Alexis Diaz (born October 5, 1968 in Brooklyn, New York) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played all or part of eight seasons in the majors, from until , for the Milwaukee Brewers, Seattle Mariners, Texas Rangers, San Francisco Giants and Houston Astros. His most substantial major league action was in 1995 with the Mariners, when he started in center field due to an injury to Ken Griffey, Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="20240742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240742" title="Uncial 0187">
Uncial 0187

Uncial 0187 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 024 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 6th-century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Gospel of Mark 6:30-41, on one parchment leaf (24 cm by 18 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 26 lines per page, in uncial letters. The fragment contains about 339 letters from 1044 on both sides of the leaf. 
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th-century.
It belonged to the same manuscript as 0149.
It was examined by Guglielmo Cavallo.
The codex is currently housed at the University of Heidelberg (Pap. 1354) in Heidelberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20240745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240745" title="Seeing Red (1983 film)">
Seeing Red (1983 film)

Seeing Red is a 1983 American documentary film directed by Jim Klein and Julia Reichert. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
Plot.
The documentary film looks at the political activities and activism of Americans who were members or supporters of the American Communist Party. It is one of the first non-fiction films to examine the role of a third political party in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20240760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240760" title="Elder Mother">
Elder Mother

The Elder Mother is an elder-guarding being in English and Scandinavian folklore known by a variety of names, such as the Danish Hyldemoer (""Elder-Mother"") and the Lincolnshire names Old Lady and Old Girl.
In Folklore.
The Elder Mother is thought to be the guardian of the elder trees, and it was said, until recent times in various parts of England and Scandinavia that to take wood from the elder tree one would have to ask the Elder Mother first, or else ill luck would befall the woodsman. The woodsman would have to ask the Elder Mother like so:
"Old girl, give me some of thy wood and I will give thee some of mine when I grow into a tree." 
One such story of the Elder Mother's revenge concerns a writer earlier in the 20th century. 
When calling in on the mother of a sick child, the mother told him: "It were all along of my maister’s thick ‘ead. It were in this ‘ow't’ rocker comed off t'cradle, and he hadn’t no more gumption than to mak’ a new ‘un out on illerwood (elder wood) without axing the Old Lady’s leave, and in course she didn’t like that, and she came and pinched the wean that outrageous he were a’most black in t’ face; but I bashed un off, and putten an eshen on, and the wean is gallus as owt agin."
Another tale, from Somerset, casts the Elder Mother as the villain, a witch that a farmer sees as an elder milking his cow. The farmer shoots at the witch with a silver bullet but misses and is chased back into the farmhouse. The old granny, however, picks up the burning coal from the fire with a shovel and throws it at the elder tree, burning cinders, and thus the witch is dead.
A tale from Northamptonshire tells of man who cut a stick from an elder, and saw that the tree was bleeding. Later he meets the local witch and sees that she has a bloodied bandage on her arm.
Another tale not only has the elder-tree witch (sometimes later claimed to be various famous characters such as Mother Shipton) as the somewhat dubious heroine, but also with saving England from being conquered by a king and his knights (sometimes said to be Danes). This is also the story of how the Rollright Stones that lie on the border between Oxfordshire and Warwickshire came to be. 
When the king and his knights marched towards Long Compton they came upon a witch who told the king:
"Seven long strides thou shalt take,
And if Long Compton thou shalt see,
King of England thou shalt be."
The king however went onwards saying:
"Stick, stock, stone
As King of England I shall be known."
However on the King's seventh stride a hill rose up before Long Compton making him unable to see the town. The witch was there again with her chant:
"As Long Compton thou canst not see
King of England thou shalt not be.
Rise up stick and stand still stone 
For King of England thou shalt be none;
Thou and thy men hoar stones shall be
And I myself an eldern tree."
And thus the king and his knights were turned to stone and the witch turned herself into an elder tree.
Similar and related beliefs.
In Denmark, an elder twig put in the mouth was traditionally thought to drive out evil spirits and thus could cure toothache. Also in Denmark, if you were to stand under an elder on Midsummer's Eve you could see the Elf-king and his host. A similar tradition existed in Scotland where it was said to happen on All Hallows or Samhain.
In England, it was thought that the elder tree could never be hit by lightning and that carrying the twigs of an elder could protect their bearer from rheumatism. Farmers used to protect their animals from evil by placing a cross made from elder on their cow-sheds and barns.
In some Slavic countries, such as Russia, it is thought that the tree had the power to ward off evil. In Sicily, it was claimed to have the power to ward off snakes.

</doc>
<doc id="20240770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240770" title="Seeing Red">
Seeing Red

Seeing Red may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20240782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240782" title="Nathan Rocyn-Jones">
Nathan Rocyn-Jones

Nathan Rocyn-Jones FRCS (17 July 1902 - 26 January 1984) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Newport Rugby Football Club and represented Cambridge. He won only a single cap for Wales but after retiring from playing rugby became President of the Welsh Rugby Union.
Rugby career.
Rocyn-Jones came from a long-line of medical practitioners and his father, Sir David Rocyn-Jones was Medical Officer for Health for Monmouthshire. While studying medicine at Cambridge, Rocyn-Jones represented the University, but it was while at St Mary's Hospital, London, would gain his one and only cap for Wales, when he was selected to face Ireland as part of the 1925 Five Nations Championship. The game took place at Ravenhill, Belfast, and Wales were led by Llanelli's Idris Jones. Wales were outclassed and lost 19-3.
Although Rocyn-Jones did not play for Wales again, he served the club later in his career, when, like his father before him, he was made President of the Welsh Rugby Union. His presidency lasted only a year, but his time coincided with the 1964-65 Triple Crown winning team. During his presidency, Rocyn-Jones clashed with the Welsh selectors, which included past Welsh players like Cliff Jones, Harry Bowcott and Rees Stephens, over the nature of the Welsh play. Rocyn-Jones believed that the game was "essentially played for enjoyment and that too much emphasis could be placed on technical and tactical skill" .
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20240791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240791" title="Z5 (computer)">
Z5 (computer)

The Z5 was a computer designed by Konrad Zuse and manufactured by Zuse KG following an order by Leitz GMBH in Wetzlar AG in 1950. The computer was delivered in July 1953 and was the first commercial built to order mainframe in Germany. The computer was purchased to help with the design of optical lens systems.
The Z5 is the successor of the Z4, and is much more compact and powerful. Zuse implemented the machine with relays, since vacuum tubes were too unreliable at the time. The Z5 used the same principles as the Z4, but was six times faster.
It also had punched tape readers, which the Z4 did not have. It had conditional branching and five subroutine loops.

</doc>
<doc id="20240796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240796" title="Wedding in Galilee">
Wedding in Galilee

Wedding in Galilee (also known as Arabic عرس الجليل trasliteration "Urs al-Jalil") is a 1987 film directed by Michel Khleifi. It was awarded the International Critics Prize at Cannes in 1987.
Synopsis.
The film takes place in a Palestinian village ruled by an Israeli military governor. At the start of the film the village is under a curfew. The village mayor, muktar, wants to celebrate his son's wedding with the traditional elaborate ceremony despite the curfew. The Israeli military governor initially refuses, but finally allows the wedding to take place on the condition that he and his staff are invited.

</doc>
<doc id="20240807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240807" title="State Highway 156 (Tamil Nadu)">
State Highway 156 (Tamil Nadu)

The Kodaikanal Ghat Road has been designated by the Tamil Nadu State Highway Department as SH-156. It begins at on the Grand Southern Trunk Road (NH-45), about west of Batlagundu and ends at Kodaikanal with a length of .
The Road is tolled by the Kodaikanal Municipality.
History.
The road was strengthened at a cost of 60 million in 2009. A retention wall was later built due to a landslide.
The Road was used as an alternative when the Adukkam-Periakulam and Adukkam-Perumalmalai ghat roads were shut due to excessive damage.
In 2010, the road was completely blocked after a major landslide occurred due to heavy rainfall.
Accidents.
In 2011, four people were killed when a car plunged into a gorge.

</doc>
<doc id="20240809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240809" title="2008 Sulawesi earthquake">
2008 Sulawesi earthquake

The 2008 Sulawesi earthquake struck Sulawesi, Indonesia, on 16 November 2008 at 17:02:31 UTC. A 7.3 Mw earthquake, it was followed by seven aftershocks higher than 5.0 Mw. Tsunami warnings were issued for the region, but later cancelled. Four people were killed in the quake and 59 injured.

</doc>
<doc id="20240851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240851" title="Aj (newspaper)">
Aj (newspaper)

Aj () is a Hindi language daily broadsheet newspaper in India, currently published from 11 cities in Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and Jharkhand states. 
The main edition is published in Varanasi. The newspaper was founded by a freedom fighter named Shiv Prasad Gupta. During the days of Indian national freedom struggle, "Aj" not only served the cause, it also helped spread the popularity of Hindi literature among commoners in Hindi heartland and among non-Hindi areas as well. Once it was said if you want to learn Hindi "read "Aj"".
Overview.
This newspaper was founded by Shiv Prasad Gupta and its publication from Varanasi started on 5 September 1920. Its first chief editor was Sri Prakash and Baburao Vishnu Paradkar, a noted journalist, was its editor. Another noted journalist, Ramkrishna Raghunath Khadilkar was the next chief editor from 1954-59. After Sri Prakash stepped down, Paradkar was its chief editor from 1924 to 1954. Another noted journalist, Ramkrishna Raghunath Khadilkar was the next chief editor from 1954-59. Kamalapati Tripathi also served as its chief editor. Between 1975 and 1985, six new editions of "Aaj" were commenced from Kanpur (1975), Patna (1979), Gorakhpur (1980), Allahabad, Agra and Ranchi (1984). In 1989, four new editions from Jamshedpur, Dhanbad, Lucknow and Bareilly were started.

</doc>
<doc id="20240853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240853" title="Ghada Jamal">
Ghada Jamal

Ghada Jamal is the first Libyan television hostess to appear on a non-Libyan TV channel. Her show, "Hadraza", was first aired on Jaras TV, a Lebanese television channel. "Hadraza" was purchased by Libyan-based Allibya TV in 2008.
Background.
Ghada has lived most of her life in Libya. After attending an Al-Jazeera training center in Qatar, she headed to Lebanon to join Jaras TV, where she appeared as a television anchor. She disappeared for several months and emerged during Ramadan of 2006 with her biggest hit, "Hadraza", which means "chatting" in Libyan Arabic. Her guests include celebrities from throughout the Arab world, such as politicians, performers, poets, journalists, and actors. "Hadraza" was aired every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday in Ramadan on Jaras TV at 9:30 pm Tripoli Time (7:30 GMT). Her show was purchased by Allibiya TV in early 2008, and is now aired every Thursday at 21:00 GMT, and rerun on Saturdays at 9:00 GMT.

</doc>
<doc id="20240871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240871" title="Zinkensdamm">
Zinkensdamm

Zinkensdamm is an area and a former manor in Södermalm in inner Stockholm. The Zinkensdamm manor was demolished. The name is today used for Zinkensdamm metro station and the sports ground "Zinkensdamms IP".
History.
Wealthy customs manager Wilhelm Böös Drakenhielm, who was active in the mid 17th century, placed his wealth in agricultural real estate. He bought a large property in this area in 1668. The area was mountainous and not suitable to be built upon, and Drakenhielm probably bought the land to have some carp ponds, which was considered "a must" for a wealthy person of that time.
After Drakenhielm's finances deteriorated, royal councillor Claes Fleming (1649-1685) took over. Following his death in 1685, in the same year, his widow Anna Cruus sold the property to the merchant Frantz Zinck, who was a large supplier of textiles to the Swedish crown, for a sum of 36,000 Swedish riksdaler (copper). Zinck did however have problems in paying the full amount, and did therefore not hold the title to the property when he died in 1690. Despite this, the area still carries his name.
Sports.
Zinkensdamms IP has hosted matches in the Bandy World Championships several times. In 2006 it was the main arena where the final was played.

</doc>
<doc id="20240873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240873" title="Jawal Nga">
Jawal Nga

Jawal Nga is a Libyan American film producer and founder of Tiny Dancer Films. He was raised in Tripoli, Libya and London, United Kingdom. He graduated from New York University's Tisch School of the Arts in 1996 and currently resides in New York City.
Professional career.
Jawal Nga founded Tiny Dancer Films in 2003, a New York-based production company.
In 2004, Nga produced director Ira Sachs' "Forty Shades of Blue," starring Rip Torn. An official entry in six international film festivals, Forty Shades of Blue won the Grand Jury Prize at the 2005 Sundance Film Festival. The film was also nominated for a special prize at the Deauville Film Festival, and was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award for actress Dina Korzun. In 2006 Nga and Sachs again worked together on the period drama, "Married Life", which starred Pierce Brosnan, Rachel McAdams, Patricia Clarkson and Chris Cooper. It was released in September 2007. Nga produced the film along with Sidney Kimmel, Steven Golin and Ira Sachs who also directed the film for Sidney Kimmel Entertainment.
He is the executive producer of the Allen Ginsberg documentary "HOWL," for directors Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman through his production company, Tiny Dancer Films. Nga is developing adaptations of Sigrid Nunez's "The Last of Her Kind," Matthew Galkin's adaptation of Kevin Canty's "Into The Great Wide Open" and Justin Haythe's ("Revolutionary Road") adaptation of Michael Ignatieff's "Charlie Johnson in the Flames."
Nga served as an executive producer of writer/director Joel Hopkins's upcoming "Last Chance Harvey." Starring Emma Thompson and Dustin Hoffman, the film was shot in London in late 2007.
On October 27, 2008 "The Hollywood Reporter" announced that Tiny Dancer Films has optioned best-selling cult author-illustrator Daniel Pinkwater's 1974 young-adult fantasy novel "Lizard Music" for the big screen. The movie version of the Random House novel will be produced by Jawal Nga.
Heavenly States Film.
On June 20, 2007, Tiny Dancer Films announced they had optioned life rights from band the Heavenly States with the aim of developing a comedy feature-length film "Rock the Casbah," based on the band's attempt to tour Libya in 2005. Heavenly States' vocalist Ted Nesseth declined to name specifics of the option, which can run into the tens of thousands of dollars in Hollywood, but said the option is three-tiered. The band gets paid again when a production contract is signed and gets points on the backend if and when the film comes out. However, many films never make it out from option to screen. Chronicled by award-winning "Village Voice" music journalist Rob Harvilla for the "East Bay Express" the band journeyed and attempted to play a venue in Libya only to get denied by the government and threatened with arrest. "Newsweek" also did a story on the band.
"When I read the "Newsweek" article, I immediately realized that this had to be made into a film,” said Nga. "The Heavenly States attempted something that no Western band has done before, and having grown up in Libya, I have the ability to appreciate the great humor in this real situation of almost impossible culture clash."

</doc>
<doc id="20240882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240882" title="Master of Finance">
Master of Finance

A Master's degree in Finance is a postgraduate program designed to prepare graduates for careers in Finance. The degree is often titled Master of Finance or Master in Finance (abbreviated M.Fin or MiF) or Master of Science in Finance (abbreviated MSF in North America and MSc in Finance in the UK and Europe). In the U.S. and Canada the program may be positioned as a professional degree.
Structure.
In general, MSF and M.Fin programs differ as to intended career preparation and hence degree focus — with the former centered on financial management and investment management, and the latter on more technical roles (although, see below for further discussion as to this distinction). Both degree types, though, emphasize quantitative topics, and may also offer some non-quantitative elective coursework, such as corporate governance, business ethics and business strategy. Programs generally require one to two years of study, and are often offered as a non-thesis degree.
The MSF program, typically, prepares graduates for careers in financial management, investment banking and investment management. The core curriculum is thus focused on Managerial finance, corporate finance and investment analysis. These topics are generally preceded by more fundamental coursework in economics, (managerial) accounting, and quantitative methods (usually time value of money and introductory statistics). In many programs, these are a prerequisite for admission or assumed as known, and if part of the curriculum, students with appropriate background may be exempt from (several of) these. The program usually concludes with coursework in advanced topics — where several areas are integrated or applied — such as portfolio management, financial modeling, mergers and acquisitions and real options; managerial economics and various quantitative finance topics may also be offered as advanced courses.
The M.Fin / MSc prepares graduates for more technical roles, and thus "focuses on the theory and practice of finance" with a "strong emphasis on financial economics in addition to financial engineering and computational methods." The MSF core topics are (often) also covered, although in (substantially) less detail. Elective work allows for specific applications in financial engineering and computational finance, but also in corporate finance, private equity and the like; several of the MSF advanced topics — such as real options and managerial economics — will thus also be offered, here differing as to a more technical orientation. As regards coverage of quantitative finance as compared to more specialized degrees, see below.
Note that the MSF / M.Fin distinction is not absolute: some MSF programs offer a "quantitative track", or a finance and mathematics dual degree, while others are specifically technically oriented. Also, although the "MSc in Finance" corresponds to the M.Fin, many schools offer a range of programs, where finance may be combined with accountancy and/or management, and these then correspond to the MSF; note also that many MSc programs are further specialized, with the degree as a whole focused on, for example, Behavioral finance, Islamic finance or Wealth management.
Programs require a bachelor's degree prior to admission, but many do not require that the undergraduate major be in finance, economics, or even general business. The usual requirement is a sufficient level of numeracy, often including exposure to probability / statistics and calculus; the M.Fin and MSc will often require more advanced topics such as multivariate calculus, linear algebra and differential equations. These may also require a greater background in Finance or Economics than the MSF. Some programs may require work experience (sometimes at the managerial level), particularly if the candidate lacks a relevant undergraduate degree.
Comparison with other qualifications.
Although there is some overlap with an M.B.A., the finance Master's provides a broader and deeper exposure to finance, but more limited exposure to general management topics. Thus, the program focuses on finance and financial markets, while an M.B.A., by contrast, is more diverse, covering general aspects of business not dealt with in the finance program, such as human resource management and operations management. Note that an M.B.A. without a specialization in finance will not have covered many of the topics dealt with in the M.Fin (breadth), and — often even where there is specialization — those areas that are covered may be in less depth. (Some M.B.A. candidates will "dual major" with an M.B.A./MSF — some universities also offer this combination as a joint degree — or later pursue an M.Fin degree, to gain specialized finance knowledge.) The MSM or M.Com in finance or financial management closely correspond to the MSF. Note though, that these degrees typically place more emphasis on theory and (sometimes) less on practice.
As above, some MSF and all M.Fin programs overlap with degrees in financial engineering, computational finance and mathematical finance: see Master of Quantitative Finance (MQF). Note, however, that the treatment of any common topics — usually financial modeling, derivatives and risk management — will differ as to level of detail and approach. The MSF deals with these topics conceptually, as opposed to technically, and the overlap is therefore slight: although practical, these topics are too technical for a generalist finance degree, and the exposure will be limited to the generalist level. The M.Fin / MSc, on the other hand, cover these topics in a substantially mathematical fashion, and the treatment is often identical. The distinction here though, is that these place relatively more emphasis on financial theory than the MQF, and also allow for electives outside of quantitative finance. Entrance requirements to the MQF are significantly more mathematical than for the MSF, while for the M.Fin / MSc the requirements may be identical.
A Master of Financial Economics focuses on theoretical finance, and on developing models and theory. The overlap with the M.Fin / MSc, then, as with the MQF, is often substantial. As regards the MSF, on the other hand, although the two programs do differ in the weight assigned to theory, there is some overlap: firstly, some MSF curricula do include a formal study of Financial Economics; secondly, even where the theory is not studied formally, MSF programs do cover the assumptions underpinning the models studied (at least in overview); thirdly, many financial economics programs include coverage of individual financial instruments, corporate finance and portfolio management, although this treatment is usually less practical. (As regards managerial economics, similar comments apply. The course is taught to strengthen the theoretical underpin of the degree; however, since the emphasis is application, it is not developed.)
The Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation is sometimes compared to a Master's in Finance, and in fact, several universities have embedded a significant percentage of the CFA Program "Candidate Body of Knowledge" into their degree programs. In general though, the CFA program is focused on Portfolio management and Investment analysis, and provides more depth in these areas than the standard Finance Master's, whereas for other areas of finance the CFA coverage is in less depth. A further distinction is that many M.Fin (and MSF) topics entail "training" in advanced techniques such as financial modeling—while training, "per se", cannot be included in the CFA program. Similar comments apply to other finance certifications such as the Certified International Investment Analyst (C.I.I.A.); the so-called "Indian C.F.A." is, in fact, a Master's degree.

</doc>
<doc id="20240886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240886" title="Kokugikan">
Kokugikan

, or "Stadium of the National Sport", may refer to the following sumo venues:

</doc>
<doc id="20240888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240888" title="Digby Wolfe">
Digby Wolfe

Digby Wolfe (4 June 19292 May 2012) was an English actor, screenwriter and university lecturer in dramatic writing.
Biography.
Wolfe was born in London, England, and began writing and performing in comedy series in England in the 1950s. Together with Jimmy Wilson he wrote a revue, with music by John Pritchett and Norman Dannatt, for the Irving Theatre. He appeared alongside Ronnie Corbett, Hattie Jacques and Charles Hawtrey, before moving to Australia in 1959, where he made frequent television appearances and was host of the variety shows "Review '61" and "Review '62". In the late 1950s and early 1960s he lived at the southern end of Whale Beach, Sydney. At that time, his resident comedian was Dave Allen, who later became a household name in the UK and Australia.
He also taught screenwriting at USC in the MPW (Master of Professional Writing) program
Career.
In 1964, he moved to the United States, where his television credits included "The Monkees", "Bewitched", "I Dream of Jeannie", and "The Munsters", while his film roles included voice parts in "The Jungle Book" and "Father Goose", in which he sang the main theme. His writing credits included "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In" (for which he won an 'Emmy' in 1968), and "The Goldie Hawn Special". He also wrote for John Denver, Shirley MacLaine, Cher and Jackie Mason, among others. In 1976 he hosted two episodes of the Australian version of "This Is Your Life".
Later life.
Until 2004 Wolfe taught dramatic writing at the University of New Mexico, firstly as a visiting professor, and then was hired as the chair of the Robert Hartung Dramatic Writing Program in the Theatre and Dance Department. He was awarded 'Teacher of the Year' at that university in 2003.
Death.
He died in Albuquerque, New Mexico on 3 May 2012, after a short battle with cancer. He is survived by his wife, Patricia Mannion, and his sister, Hilary Hammond-Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="20240904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240904" title="Dreamboat (disambiguation)">
Dreamboat (disambiguation)

Dreamboat may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="20240946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240946" title="Hannah Job">
Hannah Job

Hannah Job (born 18 April 1985 in Birmingham) is an English actress best known for her role as Jas in the BBC Three teenage comedy series, "Coming of Age". Job has appeared on television in the minor role of Mandy in the BBC Children's series "ChuckleVision". and in 2013 appeared as Lucie in the BBC Three comedy series, "Way to Go".

</doc>
<doc id="20240948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240948" title="Papyrus 105">
Papyrus 105

Papyrus 105 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_1105, is a copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of Matthew. The surviving texts of Matthew are verses 27:62-64; 28:2-5, they are in a fragmentary condition. The manuscript has been paleographically estimated to date back to the 5th or 6th century CE.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. 
The manuscript is currently housed at the Sackler Library (Papyrology Rooms, P. Oxy. 4406) at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20240966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240966" title="Tony Bignell">
Tony Bignell

Tony Bignell (born 16 November 1989, Luton, Bedfordshire) is an English actor and singer, best known for playing Matt in BBC Three sitcom "Coming of Age". He is currently the lead singer in British rock band Exit Black.
Career.
As well as his role in "Coming of Age", Bignell has also starred in The Bill as a recurring character for three episodes over three years 2003-2005, My Family as Two different characters in two episodes in 2003. In 2007 he starred in Miss Marple as a NewsBoy, Casualty as Little Andy Palmer and Doctors as Miky Scott.

</doc>
<doc id="20240970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240970" title="Faculdade Cásper Líbero">
Faculdade Cásper Líbero

Faculdade Cásper Líbero, ("Cásper Líbero College", a.k.a. Faculdade de Comunicação Social Cásper Líbero or simply Cásper Líbero) is a Brazilian Higher Education institution, based in São Paulo. It was founded in 1947 by journalist Cásper Líbero, and it's linked to the Cásper Líbero Foundation. It has regular courses of Journalism, Radio & TV, Publicity and Public Relations.
History.
Faculdade Cásper Líbero was founded in 1947 by Cásper Líbero as the first Journalism college in Latin America In 1972, it became Faculade de Comunicação Social Cásper Líbero, introducing courses of Publicity and Public Relations. The course of Radio & TV was introduced in 2002. Nowadays the college is located inside Gazeta Building (which also contains the Headquarters of Fundação Cásper Líbero), by the Paulista Avenue.
Admissions.
All students are admitted by an entrance exam (vestibular), consisting of a 50 multiple-choice questions test (Portuguese, English, Mathematics, Geography and History) and a written essay, which will compose the other 50 points of the test. Students may also earn extra points, depending on their performance on the ENEM exam.

</doc>
<doc id="20240971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240971" title="RK Jeruzalem Ormož">
RK Jeruzalem Ormož

Rokometni Klub Jeruzalem Ormož (), commonly referred to as RK Ormož or simply Ormož, is a team handball club from Ormož, Slovenia. Currently, it competes in the Slovenian First League of Handball.

</doc>
<doc id="20240982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240982" title="High Schools (film)">
High Schools (film)

High Schools is a 1984 American documentary film produced and directed by Charles Guggenheim. It is based on Ernest L. Boyer's book, "High School", and was filmed on location in seven American high schools. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20240986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240986" title="Hauppauge High School">
Hauppauge High School

Hauppauge High School is a public high school and part of the Hauppauge Union Free School District located in Hauppauge, Suffolk County, Long Island, New York.
Academics.
Hauppauge High School was named the 373rd top U.S. high school of 2008 by Newsweek Magazine, which placed it seventh among schools ranked in Suffolk County, and in the top 10% of U.S. schools. Hauppauge has a high number of students enrolled in Advanced Placement (AP) courses, of which eighteen are offered:
According to 2007 data, 94.3% of Hauppauge graduates earn a New York State Regent's diploma. 71.2% of graduates plan to attend a 4-year college, and 24.8% plan to attend a 2-year college. Many Hauppauge students have proceeded to matriculate into colleges including:
The school's FIRST Robotics Team has performed in a number of competitions since 2000 and won the SBPLI regional competition in 2005, 2010, and 2013. They also won two gracious professionalism awards in 2010 and the prestigious Chairman's award at the SBPLI regional in 2013. The school also has a nascent Science Research program.
In 2010, Hauppauge competed in the Suffolk County football championships held at Stony Brook University, in which they lost. In 2011, both the girls' and boys' cross country teams were undefeated, winning the first League Championship in Hauppauge history. In the fall of 1981, both the boys' and girls' cross country teams, coached by Nick Cifuni, won the Suffolk County Championships at Sunken Meadow State Park. The boys' team went on to finish second in New York State, failing to obtain the State Title by 1 point.
The school's Chamber Choir has won "Gold with Distinction" at NYSSMA Major festivals multiple years in a row, under the direction of Mark Kimes. The Chamber Choir has been recognized as one of the nation's premier high school choirs. In 2011, it submitted an audition and won the spot as the opening guest act for the 2012 NYSSMA All-State Conference, which unites the best high school instrumentalists and vocalists of New York State. In 2012, the Hauppauge High School Wind Ensemble and the Jazz Band, under the direction of George Glikos, received a "Superior" designation from the Festivals of Music in Washington, D.C. Aside from these advanced groups, the school boasts a Concert Band, Concert Chorus, Women's Chorus, and female and male a cappella groups. Additionally, the Music Department houses its own dance and recording studios, and is able to offer Music Recording in addition to Music Theory I, Music Theory II, and AP Music Theory.
Traditions.
Hauppauge High School has many traditions. Homecoming, which usually takes place during the final weekend of October, draws hundreds of spectators, to both the parade and the football game. Instead of having a Homecoming King and Queen, the High School Student Council coordinates a Mr. and Ms. Hauppauge campaign, which is based on student community service in addition to a popular vote and Mr. and Ms. Hauppauge Committee referendum. Many students return from their respective colleges and many alumni visit their hometown to celebrate Homecoming each year. Gym volleyball, which culminates in a night tournament and t-shirts awarded to the winning team, is also an immensely popular tradition that unites the student body. Spirit Week, and particularly Color Wars, a day during which each class dresses in different colors (Freshmen - Green, Sophomores - Red, Juniors - Yellow, Seniors - Blue), is always remembered by students as one of their favorite traditions. Finally, senior countdown, during which seniors count down to their final second of high school, is an emotional and memorable event for the senior class each year. Junior and senior prom are also extremely popular events. Some traditions, such as singing the Hauppauge High School Alma Mater "O hail to thee, Hauppauge," have been discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="20240988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240988" title="List of women Twenty20 International cricketers">
List of women Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list by country of every woman cricketer who has played at least one Twenty20 International.
Australia.
Sarah Andrews ·
Alex Blackwell ·
Kate Blackwell ·
Kris Britt ·
Melissa Bulow ·
Jessica Cameron ·
Belinda Clark ·
Leonie Coleman ·
Lauren Ebsary ·
Sarah Edwards ·
Rene Farrell ·
Jodie Fields ·
Cathryn Fitzpatrick ·
Michelle Goszko ·
Julie Hayes ·
Rachael Haynes ·
Alyssa Healy ·
Lisa Keightley ·
Delissa Kimmince ·
Shelley Nitschke ·
Erin Osborne ·
Ellyse Perry ·
Kirsten Pike ·
Leah Poulton ·
Karen Rolton ·
Emma Sampson ·
Clea Smith ·
Lisa Sthalekar ·
Elyse Villani
England.
Lynsey Askew ·
Caroline Atkins ·
Tammy Beaumont ·
Rosalie Birch ·
Arran Brindle ·
Katherine Brunt ·
Holly Colvin ·
Clare Connor ·
Charlotte Edwards ·
Lydia Greenway ·
Isa Guha ·
Jenny Gunn ·
Danielle Hazell ·
Laura Marsh ·
Beth Morgan ·
Laura Newton ·
Lucy Pearson ·
Ebony-Jewel Rainford-Brent ·
Charlie Russell ·
Nicki Shaw ·
Anya Shrubsole ·
Jane Smit ·
Claire Taylor ·
Sarah Taylor ·
Danielle Wyatt
India.
Nooshin Al Khadeer ·
Anjum Chopra ·
Soniya Dabir ·
Diana David ·
Rumeli Dhar ·
Preeti Dimri ·
Jhulan Goswami ·
Hemlata Kala ·
Thirush Kamini ·
Harmanpreet Kaur ·
Latika Kumari ·
Reema Malhotra ·
Babita Mandlik ·
Sulakshana Naik ·
Seema Pujare ·
Mithali Raj ·
Poonam Raut ·
Priyanka Roy ·
Amita Sharma ·
Jaya Sharma ·
Gouher Sultana ·
Monica Sumra
Ireland.
Emma Beamish ·
Jean Carroll ·
Nicola Coffey ·
Marianne Herbert ·
Cecelia Joyce ·
Isobel Joyce ·
Amy Kenealy ·
Suzanne Kenealy ·
Cathy Murphy ·
Eimear Richardson ·
Melissa Scott-Hayward ·
Clare Shillington ·
Heather Whelan ·
Jill Whelan
Netherlands.
Marloes Braat ·
Caroline de Fouw ·
Carlijn de Groot ·
Lotte Egging ·
Denise Hannema ·
Jolet Hartenhof ·
Mandy Kornet ·
Cheraldine Oudolf ·
Jacqueline Pashley ·
Helmien Rambaldo ·
Caroline Salomons ·
Annemarie Tanke ·
Miranda Veringmeier ·
Violet Wattenberg
New Zealand.
Suzie Bates ·
Erin Bermingham ·
Kate Broadmore ·
Nicola Browne ·
Saskia Bullen ·
Sarah Burke ·
Rachel Candy ·
Selena Charteris ·
Sophie Devine ·
Lucy Doolan ·
Maria Fahey ·
Paula Flannery ·
Amanda Green ·
Ros Kember ·
Maia Lewis ·
Victoria Lind ·
Sara McGlashan ·
Beth McNeill ·
Katey Martin ·
Aimee Mason ·
Rowan Milburn ·
Louise Milliken ·
Elizabeth Perry ·
Rachel Priest ·
Kate Pulford ·
Rebecca Rolls ·
Sian Ruck ·
Amy Satterthwaite ·
Rebecca Steele ·
Haidee Tiffen ·
Sarah Tsukigawa ·
Helen Watson
Pakistan.
Almas Akram ·
Armaan Khan ·
Asmavia Iqbal ·
Batool Fatima ·
Bismah Maroof ·
Javeria Khan ·
Marina Iqbal ·
Nain Abidi ·
Nazia Sadiq ·
Nida Dar ·
Qanita Jalil ·
Rabia Shah ·
Sadia Yousuf ·
Sajjida Shah ·
Sana Mir ·
Sania Khan ·
Urooj Mumtaz
South Africa.
Olivia Anderson ·
Susan Benade ·
Cri-zelda Brits ·
Trisha Chetty ·
Dinesha Devnarain ·
Mignon du Preez ·
Shandre Fritz ·
Shabnim Ismail ·
Marizanne Kapp ·
Ashlyn Kilowan ·
Marcia Letsoalo ·
Johmari Logtenberg ·
Sunette Loubser ·
Annelie Minny ·
Alicia Smith ·
Angelique Taai ·
Claire Terblanche ·
Daleen Terblanche ·
Kirstie Thomson ·
Chloe Tryon ·
Charlize van der Westhuizen ·
Dane van Niekerk
Sri Lanka.
Sanduni Abeywickrama ·
Chamari Atapattu ·
Chamika Bandara ·
Suwini de Alwis ·
Hiruka Fernando ·
Rose Fernando ·
Inoka Galagedara ·
Eshani Kaushalya ·
Sadamali Kumuduni ·
Dilani Manodara ·
Chamari Polgampola ·
Udeshika Prabodhani ·
Deepika Rasangika ·
Chamani Seneviratna ·
Dedunu Silva ·
Shashikala Siriwardene ·
Sripali Weerakkody
West Indies.
Merissa Aguilleira ·
Kirbyina Alexander ·
Shemaine Campbelle ·
Britney Cooper ·
Shanel Daley ·
Deandra Dottin ·
Afy Fletcher ·
Nadine George ·
Cordel Jack ·
Stacy-Ann King ·
Lee-Ann Kirby ·
Pamela Lavine ·
Debbie Ann Lewis ·
Anisa Mohammed ·
Chedean Nation ·
Juliana Nero ·
Amanda Samaroo ·
Gaitri Seetahal ·
Shakera Selman ·
Danielle Small ·
Tremayne Smartt ·
Charlene Taitt ·
Stefanie Taylor

</doc>
<doc id="20240991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240991" title="ICL 20s World Series 2008–09">
ICL 20s World Series 2008–09

The ICL 20s World Series 2008/09 was the second international ICL tournament following on from the success of the previous one. The tournament commenced on the 23 November 2008 but was cancelled halfway through due to the Mumbai terrorist attacks. The league consisted of four international teams: ICL India, ICL Pakistani, ICL World, and the new ICL Bangladesh. Each team playing each other once.
Fixtures.
All of the fixtures in this edition of the ICL World Series were to be played at Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Stadium, Ahmedabad.

</doc>
<doc id="20241008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241008" title="Laophoon">
Laophoon

Laophoon is mentioned in Quintus Smyrnaeus' "Posthomerica", his epic poem, telling the story of the Trojan War, from the death of Hector to the fall of Troy. He is a Paeonian warrior, the son of Paeon and Cleomede and the companion of Asteropaios, fighting for the Trojan side. He was killed by Meriones in an Argive counterattack after the killing of Machaon.

</doc>
<doc id="20241033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241033" title="In the Name of the People (1985 film)">
In the Name of the People (1985 film)

In the Name of the People is a 1985 documentary film directed by Frank Christopher about the Salvadoran Civil War. The film follows four filmmakers who secretly entered El Salvador, marched with guerrillas across the country, and followed them into combat against government forces in San Salvador. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20241035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241035" title="Kiribati (disambiguation)">
Kiribati (disambiguation)

Kiribati may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20241038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241038" title="Papyrus 106">
Papyrus 106

Papyrus 106 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_1106, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of John. The surviving texts of John are verses 1:29-35; 1:40-46, they are in a fragmentary condition. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the early 3rd century. 
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type (rather proto-Alexandrian). It is familiar to Papyrus 66, Papyrus 75, Codex Sinaiticus, and Vaticanus. 
In John 1:34 reads ὁ ἐκλεκτός together with the manuscripts formula_15, א, b, e, ff2, Syriac Curetonian (syrc), Syriac Sinaiticus (syrs). In John 1:41 ουτοι is omitted.
The manuscript is currently housed at the Papyrology Rooms of the Sackler Library at Oxford with the shelf number P. Oxy. 4445.

</doc>
<doc id="20241043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241043" title="Godfrey Public School">
Godfrey Public School

Godfrey Public School is a school in Chatra district, Jharkhand, India, established on December 13, 1994. Its full name is B.B. Sahay and Smt. Rekha Sahay Memorial Godfrey Public High School. The school is an English language school and teaches courses on the Central Board of Secondary Education syllabus. The Godfrey Public School was founded by a former administrative officer, the late B.B. Sahay and his late wife Rekha Sahay. Mr. Niraj Sahay is currently leading the school.
Godfrey Public School has secured 100% results in board examinations so far. The school has also won many district and state level awards in curricular and extracurricular activities.

</doc>
<doc id="20241046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241046" title="Salt of this Sea">
Salt of this Sea

Salt of this Sea is a 2008 Palestinian film directed by Annemarie Jacir and was an Official Selection of the Cannes International Film Festival in 2008. It is Palestine's submission to the 81st Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. The film stars Palestinian-American poet Suheir Hammad as Soraya, an American-born Palestinian woman, who heads to Israel and Palestine on a quest to reclaim her family's home and money that were taken during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. Palestinian actor, Saleh Bakri also stars in the film.
Awards.
International Federation of Film Critics, 2008
Sguardi Altrove Film Festival, Italy 2009
Osians Asian & Arab Film Festival, 2008
Traverse City Film Festival, 2009
Oran International Festival of Arab Cinema, 2009
Journées cinématographiques de Carthage, 2008
Dubai International Film Festival, 2008
Minneapolis St. Paul International Film Festival 2009
Houston Palestine Film Festival, 2009
Chicago Palestine Film Festival, 2009
Cairo Refugee Film Festival, 2009
Toronto Palestine Film Festival, 2008
FOR BEST FOREIGN-LANGUAGE FILM, 2008
Grand Prix Best Screenplay, 2007
San Sebastian Film Festival, 2007

</doc>
<doc id="20241060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241060" title="The Inalienable Dreamless">
The Inalienable Dreamless

The Inalienable Dreamless is the third and final studio album by grindcore band Discordance Axis, released on Hydra Head Records in 2000. It has since become, according to Kevin Stewart-Panko, one of the most acclaimed grindcore albums. The vinyl version was briefly pressed in a few thousand copies, several hundred of which were in clear vinyl.
Many of the tracks refer to elements from the anime/manga franchise "Neon Genesis Evangelion", including "Angel Present", "Pattern Blue", "The End of ", and "The Third Children".

</doc>
<doc id="20241075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241075" title="Anthology (Sammy Hagar album)">
Anthology (Sammy Hagar album)

The Anthology is a unique Sammy Hagar compilation album, in that it combines tracks from "both" of his Capitol Records and Geffen Records eras. Additionally, four tracks from his two Montrose albums on Warner Bros. Records are included.

</doc>
<doc id="20241077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241077" title="Bastipur">
Bastipur

Bastipur is a village and a municipality in Rohtas district in the state of Bihar, India.
Geography and climate.
Bastipur (map) is near Dehri and Sasaram, in Bihar, India. This village is situated at the bank of the Sone River with an average elevation of 99 metres (324 feet) and is also surrounded partially by the Kaimur Range.
Demographics.
As of the 2001 Indian census, Bastipur had a population of approximately 10,000. Males constitute 55% of the population and females 45%. Bastipur has an average literacy rate of 70%, higher than the national average of 59.5%.
Hinduism is the religion of 90% of Bastipur's population, and Muslims make up most of the other 10%.
Hindi and Bhojpuri language are the principal spoken and written languages, with English and Urdu also used, but less frequently.
Culture.
Religious festivals include Chhath, Diwali - the festival of lights, Durga Puja, Holi, Sankranti, Maha Shivaratri, Eid and Buddha Jayanti.
The Sankranti and Chhath fairs are famous in this region.
Education.
Bastipur has one government primary school, Bastipur Basic School, as well as one private primary school. For higher study, people can go to the nearby city of Dehri.
History.
Bastipur was founded by the late Chander Singh. People of Bastipur initially migrated from Fatehpur Sikri, in Uttar Pradesh.
Economy.
Bastipur's main economy is based on agriculture, business and service, and the area is referred to as paddy land or as the rice bowl of Bihar.

</doc>
<doc id="20241083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241083" title="Cork Admirals">
Cork Admirals

The Cork Admirals were an American Football team that played in the Irish American Football League (IAFL). The team was based in Bishopstown, Cork in the newly constructed CIT Stadium.
The team was formed in 2002, playing along with 4 other teams that year.
The Admirals became one of the best teams in the IAFL, appearing in the semi-finals of the playoffs numerous times.
The teams also held a reputation for a lot of records in the IAFL mostly in points in a game and rushing.
History.
The Admirals first game was in December 2002. In a rain soaked game the Admirals lost 28-18 to the Dublin Rebels in an 8-a-side challenge match. Despite the loss the performance held encouraging signs for the team, and increased enthusiasm in the club.
The team stepped up to 11-a-side for the next two friendly matches. Unfortunately both games resulted in defeat for the Admirals, going down 26-12 to the Dublin Rebels and 8-0 to the Dublin Dragons.
In the 2003 season, the clubs first season of IAFL league play, the team managed only a 1-5 record. The first victory came in the spring of 2003, defeating the UL Vikings in an 8-a-side contest. The club would get its first 11-a-side victories against the same side that winter in two challenge games.
The following year saw the Cork Admirals improve to a 3-5 record in the expanded IAFL. Despite this the Dublin Dragons, with a similar 3-5 record beat the Admirals to the final playoff spot. The final game of that season was the Admirals best performance, beating the Dublin Dragons 68-20 at Pfizer Sports Grounds.
The Admirals held a recruitment drive in the Autumn of 2004, adding starting players and depth alike. Many of the current Admirals players were found in this recruitment drive. A victory against Limerick in a November challenge game introduced the rookies to Admirals football and prepared them for the season ahead.
The Admirals season got off to a poor start when the U.L. Vikings recorded their first ever win over the Cork side. This started a four game losing spell for the Admirals, despite some encouraging performances and close losses, as injuries and low squad numbers took their toll. The Summer brought about improved play from the Admirals and the results followed. The Admirals won three of their final four contests of the season, including two home wins to clinch a playoff spot, and return the Admirals to playoff contender status.
The Belfast Bulls, league winners in 2005, proved too strong for the Admirals, however, ending the Admirals hopes for a Shamrock Bowl berth that season. In May 2013, the Admirals encountered financial problems and folded bringing an end to an eleven-year history of American Football in Cork.
Shamrock Bowl XXI.
In 2007, the Admirals made their first Shamrock Bowl with a victory over the Dublin Rebels 8-6 in the Semi finals. The team faced IAFL South division rivals, the UL Vikings. In a very tight contest, the Admirals were unable to beat the Vikings. The game finished 22-14. Good individual efforts by players gave the Admirals high hopes going into the 2008 IAFL season.
Alain Pezeron and Keith O'Callaghan runningback duo.
The Admirals are known to have one of the most punishing ground attacks in the IAFL. Pezeron and O'Callaghan have broken numerous records in the league.
Alain Pezeron has broken records for most points scored by a single player at 34 points and rushing touchdowns in a single game at 5.
Keith O'Callaghan has been named Offencive Player of the Year for the Admirals the past six years in a row. O'Callaghan is the starting runningback most games and gets most of the hand offs. He is one of the leagues highest scoring players.

</doc>
<doc id="20241087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241087" title="West Virginia's 5th congressional district">
West Virginia's 5th congressional district

West Virginia's 5th congressional district is an obsolete district existing from 1903 to 1973. While the district's bounds were changed over the years, the last version of the district focused on Bluefield and the coal producing southwestern part of the state. In the 1970 redistricting, most of the district was combined with the 4th District. Today, most of the old 5th District's territory forms the southern third of the 3rd District.
History.
The Fifth District was formed in 1902. It was originally formed of Mason, Putnam, Cabell, Lincoln, Wayne, Boone, Lincoln, Mingo, Raleigh, Wyoming, McDowell, and Mercer counties. It was revised in 1916 to consist of Wayne, Lincoln, Mingo, Logan, McDowell, Wyoming, Mercer, Summers, and Monroe counties. In 1934, Wayne, Lincoln, and Logan were removed and Greenbrier was added. It was unchanged for 1952. In 1962, Greenbrier was removed and Fayette was added. The district was abolished in the 1972 redistricting.

</doc>
<doc id="20241092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241092" title="Belhi">
Belhi

Belhi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20241100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241100" title="RK Prevent">
RK Prevent

Rokometni Klub Prevent (), commonly referred to as RK Prevent or simply Prevent, was a team handball club from Slovenj Gradec, Slovenia.
Club honours.
Domestic.
Runners-up of the Slovenian First League of Handball in the 1996–97, 1997–98 and 1998–99 seasons.[http://infostatx.rokometna-zveza.si/scripts/RZS/bilten.asp].
Runners-up of the Handball Cup of Slovenia in the 2003–04 season.
Europe.
Semi-finals of the EHF Cup in the 1999–2000 season.
Quarter-finals of the Cup Winners' Cup in the 1992–93 season.
Rivalry.
RK Prevent's greatest rivals were their neighbours from Velenje, Gorenje.

</doc>
<doc id="20241109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241109" title="Bhagawatipur">
Bhagawatipur

Bhagawatipur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20241111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241111" title="West Virginia's 4th congressional district">
West Virginia's 4th congressional district

West Virginia's 4th congressional district is an obsolete district existing from 1883 to 1993. While the district's bounds were changed many times over the years, from the 1940 redistricting to the 1970 redistricting, the district was focused on Huntington and the industrial mill towns north of that city. In the 1970 redistricting, the district focused on Huntington and the rural coal producing areas of southwestern West Virginia. Today most of the last version of the old 4th District is the western half of the current 3rd District.
History.
The Fourth District was formed in 1882. It originally consisted of Pleasants, Wood, Ritchie, Wirt, Calhoun, Jackson, Roane, Mason, Putnam, Cabell, Lincoln and Wayne counties. In 1902, Tyler Braxton, Gilmer, and Doddridge were added, while Putnam, Cabell, Lincoln and Wayne were removed. The district was totally reconstituted in 1916 as Tyler, Pleasants, Wood, Wirt, Jackson, Roane, Mason, Putnam, and Cabell counties. In 1934, Wayne and Lincoln were added. The district was unchanged for 1952. In 1962, Logan was added. In 1972, the district was totally reconstituted as Cabell, Logan, McDowell, Mercer, Mingo, Raleigh, Wayne and Wyoming counties. The district was abolished in the 1992 redistricting.

</doc>
<doc id="20241123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241123" title="A Cross the Universe (album)">
A Cross the Universe (album)

A Cross the Universe is a live album by Justice, released in 2008. Its title is a play on words referencing the Beatles song "Across the Universe", and the band's own album "†."
CD.
The live portion of this release was recorded at a concert in San Francisco, California at the Concourse Exhibition Center, on March 27, 2008. The CD also came with a DVD of the film of the same name: A Cross the Universe.

</doc>
<doc id="20241127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241127" title="Bhawanipur">
Bhawanipur

Bhawanipur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20241130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241130" title="Knut Bjørnsen">
Knut Bjørnsen

Knut Bjørnsen (26 July 1932 – 14 November 2008) was a sports commentator and journalist for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation.
In his youth, Bjørnsen was a promising speed skater. He was junior Norwegian champion in 1951. He worked for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation between 1961 and 1991, and was NRK's main commentator for speed skating most of those years, together with fellow NRK veteran journalist Per Jorsett. He also hosted the popular Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation game show "Kvitt eller dobbelt" ("Double or Nothing") for many years. In 1991, Bjørnsen left the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation, and began working for cable channel TV3, where he hosted the game show "Lykkehjulet" (a Norwegian adaptation of Wheel of Fortune).
In his later years he spoke out as a supporter of the Progress Party, having lost his confidence in the Conservative Party.
In April 2008, Bjørnsen was diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer, and he died from the illness seven months later, on 14 November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20241138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241138" title="Kings Heath Boys' Mathematics and Computing College">
Kings Heath Boys' Mathematics and Computing College

Kings Heath Boys' Mathematics and Computing College also known as Kings Heath Boys is a comprehensive boys school located in Kings Heath, in south Birmingham, England. The school has over 600 pupils from ages 11 to 16. The school's headteacher is Bernadette Przybek, who replaced Mr. Calvin in early 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20241168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241168" title="Richard Geoffrey Gerard">
Richard Geoffrey Gerard

Richard Geoffrey Gerard (4 October 1904 – 26 September 1997) was a New Zealand politician of the National Party, and a cabinet minister.
Biography.
Gerard was born in Christchurch in 1904. He received his education at Christ's College and then farmed at Mount Hutt.
He represented the Canterbury electorates of Mid-Canterbury from 1943 to 1946, and then the Ashburton electorate from 1946 to 1966 when he retired. He was Minister of Marine under Holland and Holyoake (1957, 1961–1963), Minister of Social Security (1957) under Holland and Holyoake, Minister of Lands under Holyoake (1957, 1960–1966), and Minister of Forests under Holyoake (1957, 1960–1966).
He was appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George for public services in the 1981 New Year Honours.
His son Jim followed in his footsteps, representing the electorate from .

</doc>
<doc id="20241172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241172" title="The Kingswood Academy, Hull">
The Kingswood Academy, Hull

Kingswood College of Arts (formerly Perronet Thompson School) is a secondary school on the northern fringe of the Bransholme housing estate in Kingston upon Hull, England. As of 2012 the school had 797 students in total, down from 1067 in 2009.
History and design.
Perronet Thompson School was built in 1988. The building was unusual in having very few windows on the exterior walls, instead taking light from a large barrelled glass roof stretching the length of the building.
In 1999 the school closed due to poor performance. It was later renamed Kingswood High School and received funding under a government programme to specialise as an Arts College.
In 2011 Hull City Council decided to demolish the school, and rebuild it with better facilities as part of the Building Schools for the Future programme. Construction of the new 1,350 pupil capacity school began in April 2011, for completion in January 2013, with Morgan Sindall as the main construction contractor. On completion of the new building the school changed its name to Kingswood Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20241179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241179" title="Inarwa">
Inarwa

Inarwa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20241182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241182" title="United States Senate election in Wisconsin, 1998">
United States Senate election in Wisconsin, 1998

The 1998 United States Senate election in Wisconsin was held on November 3, 1998. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Russ Feingold won re-election to a second term.
Campaign.
In September 1997, Neumann announced his candidacy for the United States Senate against Russell Feingold. Both candidates had similar views on the budget surplus, although Neumann was for banning partial-birth abortion while Feingold was against a ban. Both candidates limited themselves to $3.8 million in campaign spending ($1 for every citizen of Wisconsin), although outside groups spent more than $2 million on Neumann; Feingold refused to have outside groups spend their own 'soft money' on his behalf. Feingold defeated Neumann by a slim 2% margin in the election. According to the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel, Neumann had a 30,000 vote margin outside Milwaukee County, but was overwhelmed by a 68,000 vote margin in Milwaukee County. [http://www.jsonline.com/news/metro/aug03/159797.asp]

</doc>
<doc id="20241191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241191" title="Diogo Carvalho">
Diogo Carvalho

Diogo Carvalho (born 14 February 1994) is a Portuguese swimmer. He participated for the first time at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the discipline 200 metre individual medley. He currently holds 9 individual national records, 7 short course (200 freestyle, 50, 100 and 200 metres butterfly and 100, 200 and 400 metres in medley) and 3 long course (100 fly and the 200 and 400m medley). His swimming club is Clube dos Galitos de Aveiro from Aveiro.
He studies Medicine in University of Coimbra

</doc>
<doc id="20241192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241192" title="Janakinagar">
Janakinagar

Janakinagar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20241197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241197" title="Springdale Caldera">
Springdale Caldera

The Springdale Caldera is a large Early Silurian caldera in west-central Newfoundland, Canada. It is at least long and wide with an area more than . It is one of the few calderas in Newfoundland that form a large Silurian age volcanic field and consists of basalt, andesite, rhyolite, pyroclastic rocks, debris flows, breccias, and red sandstone.

</doc>
<doc id="20241216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241216" title="Kabilasi">
Kabilasi

Kabilasi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20241235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241235" title="Une Présence">
Une Présence

Une Présence is a 1989 audio album recorded by French singer François Feldman. It provided two number one, two number two and one number seven singles in France. It remains to date the singer's most successful album, achieving Diamond status. The album also helped launch the career of American vocalist Joniece Jamison, who participated in two songs recorded as duets. In France, the album was charted for 86 weeks from 22 October 1989. It peaked at number two for one month and stayed in the top ten for 46 weeks.
Track listings.
All tracks written and composed by François Feldman, M. Moreau and J. Moreau
1 Duet with Joniece Jamison

</doc>
<doc id="20241239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241239" title="Laxminiya">
Laxminiya

Laxminiya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20241250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241250" title="Uncial 0188">
Uncial 0188

Uncial 0188 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 4th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Gospel of Mark 11:11-17, on one parchment leaf (13 cm by 11 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 21 lines per page, in uncial letters. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Caesarean text-type, but with many singular readings. Aland placed it in Category III. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 4th century.
The codex currently is housed at the Berlin State Museums (P. 13416) in Berlin. 

</doc>
<doc id="20241255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241255" title="FC Odesos">
FC Odesos

FC Odesos is a futsal team based in Varna, Bulgaria. It plays in Bulgarian Futsal Championship. The club was officially founded in 2005. Club colors are black and white. 

</doc>
<doc id="20241264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241264" title="Danielle Bisutti">
Danielle Bisutti

Danielle Nicole Bisutti (born October 1, 1976) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for her role as Amanda Cantwell on the Nickelodeon television series "True Jackson, VP". Bisutti is also the niece of OWN network "Big Bowl of Love" star Cristina Ferrare.
Acting career.
Danielle Bisutti has made a name for herself in the entertainment industry with the diverse characters she has brought to life in film and television. In 2013, Bisutti received rave reviews for her role in top grossing, Sony Pictures’ and FilmDistrict film INSIDIOUS: CHAPTER 2. Released in theaters nationwide in September, Bisutti appeared as the ‘Mother of Parker Crane,’ and critics took notice; one saying ‘the performance of Danielle Bisutti as the younger version of the Bride in Black is a most elegant personification of evil.” In addition to this film, Bisutti also starred in Universal Studios Home Entertainment’s CURSE OF CHUCKY as “Barb,” and Michael Rosebaum’s indie comedy BACK IN THE DAY. On the television front, this year Bisutti guest starred and recurred on some of the biggest series on TV today, including “Anger Management” for FX, “Grey’s Anatomy” for ABC, and “CSI: Crime Scene Investigation” for CBS. 
Born and raised in Los Angeles, California, Bisutti attended California State University Fullerton, where she received a BA in Acting and Musical Theatre.  While attending CSUF, she was nominated several times for “Best Actress” in the Irene Ryan Competition and took runner up at The Lincoln Center Theatre in NYC.  Michael Butler (the original Broadway producer of Hair 1968) fell in love with Bisutti’s talent when he saw her performing the role of ‘Sheila’ in a California production of Hair and brought the cast to Chicago to perform at the Democratic National Convention along with a five-week run at The New Athenaeum Theatre.  Bisutti’s other theatre credits include: ‘Reno Sweeny’ in Anything Goes, ‘Maggie’ in Boy’s Life, ‘Yelena’ in Uncle Vanya, ‘Victoria/Jane’ in Noel Coward’s Tonight at 8:30, ‘Fastranda’ in Pippin, and ‘Ophelia’ in Hamlet.  
Bisutti has made her mark in television over the years, recurring on “Last Man Standing”, “Parks & Recreation”, “CSI Miami”, “Without A Trace”, “Raising the Bar” and “The O.C.”, while also appearing on “NCIS,” “Criminal Minds,” “Castle,” “Hot in Cleveland,” “90210,” “Private Practice,” “Body of Proof,” “Bones,” “Cold Case,” “Two and a Half Men,” and “Boston Legal,” to name a few. However, she may best known for her starring role as the uptight yet lovable fashion diva ‘Amanda Cantwell’ opposite Keke Palmer on the hit Nickelodeon series “True Jackson, VP” from 2008-2011.  
While working in television, Bisutti has also made time for film projects, some of her credits include Lionsgate’s VENICE UNDERGROUND (Eric Mabius), First Look Home Entertainment’s THE NEIGHBOR (Matthew Modine), and Lionsgate’s NO GREATER LOVE. Bisutti recently co-produced the web-series “Hollywood Girl” and recurred on the series as ‘Pasha Maneer.’ She also recently secured a leading role in Harland William’s post-apocalyptic sci-fi web-series “The Australian,” scheduled to be released late November of 2013.
Singing career.
Bisutti spends time as a songwriter. Songs originally written by her such as "Venice Underground", "April Moon", and "In the Presence of" have been used in independent feature films. At the 2003 Los Angeles Music Awards, she won the award for "Best Female Singer-Songwriter". Also at this ceremony, her song "Glimmer" was nominated for "AAA Album of the Year" and her song, "In Passing" received Unanimous Choice Recipient Award for "Independent AC Single of the Year". In September 2004, Bisutti performed at the Temecula Valley International Film & Music Festival, where "In Passing" was selected for the TVIFF's "Top Musical Artist Compilation CD" and Music Connection Magazine featured Bisutti in its 2004 "Hot 100 Unsigned Artists" list.
Personal life.
Bisutti was born and raised in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of Diana (née Ferrare) and Richard Bisutti. Her father was a set decorator in both film and television for 20 years. Her mother's sister is model Cristina Ferrare. Bisutti is of Italian descent. In high school, she explored several opportunities to idealize her devotion for the entertainment business. She was involved in theatre, choir, dance, speech and debate, as well as athletic activities. She then attended California State University Fullerton, where she received a BA in Acting and Musical Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="20241276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241276" title="Ernie Nevel">
Ernie Nevel

Ernie Wyre Nevel (August 17, 1918 – July 10, 1988), was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in and with the New York Yankees and in with the Cincinnati Redlegs. He batted and threw right-handed. Nevel had a 0–1 record, with a 6.10 ERA, in 14 games, in his three-year career. 
He was born in Charleston, Missouri, and died in Springfield, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="20241284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241284" title="RD Merkur">
RD Merkur

Rokometno Društvo Merkur, commonly referred to as RD Merkur or simply Merkur, was a team handball club from Škofja Loka, Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20241317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241317" title="The Restaurant (Irish TV series)">
The Restaurant (Irish TV series)

The Restaurant is a successful Irish reality television programme broadcast on RTÉ One. The seventh series began on 16 November 2008, running on Sundays at 20:30. In each episode a celebrity head chef takes on the culinary challenge of producing a top class, three-course meal with two value-for-money wines. This is then served to the restaurant's customers and the resident critics, Tom Doorley and Paolo Tullio, who are joined each week by a guest critic. The chef's identity remains a secret to those being served their food until the end of the show when all has been eaten. The critics give the meal a star rating of between one and five, which is then pulled from an envelope after the head chef joins the critics' table. "The Restaurant" is voiced over by Seán Moncrieff and the restaurant is manned by John Healy, Maitre'D; the kitchen staff, chefs David Workowich, Stephen McAllister and Louise Lennox and food researcher, Stephen Quin, and waiting staff, waitress, Elaine Normile and waiters, Lee Bradshaw and Vivian Reynolds. Following on from the success of the television show, RTÉ published "The Restaurant - The Magazine", which includes images and recipes from the series.
The format is sold internationally by Vision Independent Productions under the title "The Secret Chef". It has had 3 seasons in Italy.
Background.
"The Restaurant" moved location three seasons ago to County Westmeath, where filming took place at Wineport Lodge overlooking Lough Ree, in Glassan village. The celebrity arrives on location at 10:00 on the day of filming and immediately commences working with the team. Their first task is to describe their own menu to the kitchen staff. The chef works with Workovich on starters, McAllister on the main courses and Lennox on desserts. They prepare their meal until 18:30 and diners enter the restaurant at 19:00. The chef leaves the kitchen at 22:00 to reveal their identity to the dining room.

</doc>
<doc id="20241343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241343" title="BC Sliven">
BC Sliven

BC Sliven is a professional basketball club, playing in the National Basketball League of Bulgaria. The team replaced BC Balkan in the NBL because of their financial problems.

</doc>
<doc id="20241344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241344" title="Anis Shorrosh">
Anis Shorrosh

Anis Shorrosh is a Palestinian Evangelical Christian, who has published many books and has debated with the late Ahmad Deedat.
Shorrosh served as pastor and evangelist in the Middle East from 1959-1966.
Born in Nazareth, he became a refugee in Jordan during the Arab-Israeli War, and later came to the United States with the help of missionaries. He received two degrees from Baptist seminaries, including a doctorate.
In September 1995, Dr.Shorrosh was guest lecturer at NCI Bible College, Auckland, New Zealand. In the years 2004-2005, he held a tour around the world, giving lectures and holding debates.
In 2008 he was arrested in Daphne, Alabama for arson.
Shorrosh is the translator of "The True Furqan", which he says is intended to challenge the Quran. Shorrosh translated the book from English to Arabic; however the true identity of the book's original authors is not proclaimed.

</doc>
<doc id="20241348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241348" title="Johan Andersen (canoeist)">
Johan Andersen (canoeist)

Johan Frederik Kobberup Andersen (January 24, 1920 – May 7, 2003) was a Danish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1940s and early 1950s. He won a silver medal in the K-1 1000 m event at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.
Andersen also won a complete set of medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-1 500 m: 1950), a silver (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1950), and a bronze (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1948).

</doc>
<doc id="20241362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241362" title="Andreea Ulmeanu">
Andreea Ulmeanu

Andrea Elena Ulmeanu (b. May 15, 1984 in Timişoara, Romania) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast. She is a gold world medalist with the team (2001).

</doc>
<doc id="20241379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241379" title="Bluff Springs, Texas">
Bluff Springs, Texas

Bluff Springs is a small unincorporated community in southern Travis County, Texas, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20241387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241387" title="HMS Mahratta (G23)">
HMS Mahratta (G23)

HMS "Mahratta" was an M-class destroyer of the Royal Navy which served during World War II. Begun as "Marksman", she was damaged while under construction, and dismantled to be rebuilt on a new slipway. She was launched as "Mahratta" in 1942, completed in 1943, and quickly pressed into service. After a short but busy career in the North Atlantic and Arctic, largely guarding merchant convoys, she was torpedoed and sunk on 25 February 1944.
History.
"Mahratta" was originally to have been named "Marksman". She was laid down on 21 January 1940 but the incomplete ship was blown off the slipway during an air raid in May 1941. "Marksman" was to have been the lead ship of the M-class destroyers, and the class was sometimes known as the "Marksman" class. Damage sustained by "Marksman" was so bad that she had to be dismantled and transferred to an alternative site. The new ship was laid down on 18 August 1941, but she was renamed "Mahratta" at her launch in July 1942, after the Maratha Empire of India, as a recognition of the financial support given by India to the war effort. "Mahratta" was adopted by the people of Walsall, who held a "Warship Week" from 7–14 February 1942, aiming to raise £700,000 – the cost of a warship. She was completed on 8 April 1943 and entered service on that date. During trials in May 1943 HMS "Mahratta" escorted RMS "Queen Mary" part way across the Atlantic.
Operation "FH".
HMS "Mahratta" departed Scapa Flow on 2 June 1943 with HMS "Musketeer" and HMS "Onslaught", arriving back at Scapa Flow the same day. On 4 June "Mahratta" left Seidisfjord, Iceland bound for Spitsbergen, Norway as part of Operation "FH", which was the relief of the garrison at Spitsbergen.
Operation "FJ".
HMS "Mahratta" departed Scapa Flow on 8 June 1943 for Kola Inlet
In July 1943, HMS "Mahratta" and HMS "Musketeer" waited in Iceland for ice to clear before making a high speed run to Murmansk. Amongst her valuable cargo was a bathtub for an admiral.
Operation "Camera".
Operation "Camera" was a war game off the coast of Iceland to test the defences against an attempt by "Tirpitz" to break out from Kåfjord. The operation was based at Scapa Flow, departing on 7 July 1943. The other participants were HMS "Duke of York", USS "Ellyson", USS "Emmons", USS "Fitch", , HMS "Glasgow", USS "Macomb", HMS "Meteor", HMS "Milne", HMS "Musketeer", USS "Rodman", and USS "South Dakota".
Operation "Governor".
Operation "Governor" was an attempt to lure "Tirpitz" and other heavy battleships out of harbour by simulating a raid on southern Norway. Operation Governor departed Hvalfjord on 26 July 1943. HMS "Mahratta" was part of Force A, other participants of Force A were HMS" Anson", USS "Alabama", USS "Emmons", USS "Fitch", , USS "Macomb", HMS "Meteor", HMS "Milne", HMS "Musketeer", and USS "Rodman".
Operation "SF".
Operation "SF" departed Scapa Flow on 30 July 1943. "Mahratta" was part of Group B. She sailed with HMS "Milne" and HMS "Musketeer" to join HMS "Oribi" and HMS "Orwell" escorting oil tanker SS "Blue Ranger".
Operation "Lorry".
Operation "Lorry" departed Skaalefjord on 26 August 1943. "Mahratta" was part of the 10th Cruiser Squadron. Operation "Lorry" enabled the passage of destroyers and stores to Kola in northern Russia. "Tirpitz" left her base in Kåfjord with several destroyers to attack the convoy, but was a few hours too late. Operation Lorry delivered parts and crew that were to service the Spitfires used for photo-reconnaissance in preparation for Operation "Source".
Escort duties.
In September 1943, "Mahratta" was sent to the Mediterranean with HMS "Matchless" to escort to Plymouth for repairs. "Matchless" broke down on the way back, and was taken in tow by "Mahratta". The chain later broke, and after this "Mahratta" rescued some survivors from a Coastal Command Halifax aircraft that had been shot down by a German U-boat. They had spent eleven days in the water. "Mahratta" arrived in Plymouth on 11 October 1943 and later that month sailed north again to Scapa Flow and Seidisfjord to escort Convoy JW 54A as part of Operation "FR".
Operation "FR".
Operation "FR" was the delivery of escort ships to northern Russia to act as escorts for the first of the winter 1943 season convoys, Convoy RA 54A. Other participants were HNoMS "Eglantine", HMS "Harrier", HMS "Matchless", HMS "Milne", HMS "Musketeer", , HMS "Savage", HMS "Scorpion", HMS "Scourge", HMS "Seagull", and HMS "Westcott". Cover was provided by USS "Augusta", HMS "London, and HMS "Middleton.
Convoy RA 54A.
Convoy RA 54A, including the aircraft carrier "Formidable" and the battleship "Anson", sailed from Kola Inlet on 1 November 1943. The departure of the convoy was delayed by thick fog, but allowed the convoy to reach Loch Ewe without being attacked.
Convoy JW 54A.
Convoy JW 54A sailed on 22 November 1943, arriving at Archangel on 3 December. Again, the convoy managed to avoid being attacked.
Convoy RA 54B.
Convoy RA 54B departed Archangel on 26 November 1943 bound for Loch Ewe. Passage was hampered by poor weather conditions, but the convoy did not come under attack.
Convoy JW 56B.
Convoy JW 56B departed Loch Ewe on 22 January 1944 and arrived at Kola Inlet on 1 February.
During the passage the convoy was attacked. HMS "Hardy" was hit by a torpedo from U-278 and HMS "Venus" later sank her.
Convoy RA 56.
Convoy RA 56 departed Kola Inlet on 3 February 1944 and arrived at Loch Ewe on 11 February 1944.
Convoy JW 57.
Convoy JW 57 sailed from Loch Ewe on 11 February 1944, arriving at Kola Inlet on 28 February.
On 23 February a Focke-Wulf Condor aircraft was spotted. Wildcats were flown from HMS "Chaser" and it was thought that they had driven the Condor away, but it kept watch at a distance. Several U-boats were spotted by the Wildcats and Swordfish aircraft were sent to attack any U-boats they could find. HMS "Kessel" was successful in sinking "U-713" with depth charges.
Loss.
On 25 February 1944, a Catalina aircraft of 210 Squadron attacked and sank "U-601" which was trailing the convoy. "Mahratta" was struck by two T5 Gnat torpedoes fired by "U-990" off the coast of Norway, some off Nordkapp. She sank at . Only 16 of the 236 crew survived.
Although "Mahratta" was lost, the convoy was a success. It was the largest convoy ever sent to Russia.
Memorial.
A memorial to those who lost their lives on the Arctic Convoys was unveiled at Murmansk in 1991, on the 50th anniversary of the first Arctic Convoy.

</doc>
<doc id="20241393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241393" title="Bob Guelker">
Bob Guelker

Bob Guelker (June 26, 1923 – February 22, 1986) was an American soccer coach and administrator. He coached 24 years at the collegiate level, and coached the U.S. teams at both the 1971 Pan American Games and the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was president of the United States Soccer Football Association from 1967 to 1969 and is a member of the National Soccer Hall of Fame.
Coach.
After graduating from St. Louis University (SLU), Guelker coached soccer at St. Louis Preparatory Seminary. In 1958, he approached SLU regarding establishing a men’s soccer team. The university agreed and Guelker, working on a shoestring budget of $200 played five club (4-1 record) games that season. In 1959, the school took the sport to the intercollegiate level. The move paid off as the Billikens won the inaugural NCAA Division I championship. Guelker continued to coach St. Louis through the 1965 season, taking the team to a 95-10-5 record and winning five championships (1959, 1960, 1962, 1963, 1965). The Billikens also finished as runners-up in 1961. He was inducted into the St. Louis University Hall of Fame in 1979. On September 30, 2009, Guelker was named to SLU's Half-Century Team.
In 1966, Guelker left SLU and moved to Southern Illinois University Edwardsville (SIUE) to establish the soccer program and serve as the Cougars' athletic director. In 1972, when the NCAA established Division II soccer, Guelker’s team won the first NCAA Division II championship. In 1973, he was selected as the NSCAA Coach of the Year. After winning the Division II title, SIUE moved into Division I competition, and Guelker won one last title when the Cougars took the 1979 title 3-2 over the Clemson. Guelker's role as SIUE's head coach ended with his death in February 1986, after having compiled a 216-67-21 record with SIUE. In 2005, SIUE inducted Guelker into the school’s Athletics Hall of Fame.
As a college coach, Guelker achieved a record of 311-77-26 and won seven NCAA titles, including the first in both Division I and Division II. In 1971, Guelker coached the U.S. soccer team at the Pan American Games, and a year later, he coached the U.S. at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He also coached the U.S. Under 19 national team.
Executive.
In addition to coaching, Guelker held various executive positions at the local and national levels. In 1946, he became the Executive Secretary for the Catholic Youth Council, Archdiocese of St. Louis, a position he held until 1969. . He was the president of the United States Soccer Football Association from 1967 to 1969. He was also the Chair of the National Junior Cup Competition Committee, USSF Olympic Development Committee, Missouri Soccer Federation, and Missouri Senior Soccer Association.
The Catholic Youth Council of St. Louis holds an annual “Bob Guelker Soccer Tournament” in his honor. He inducted into the National Soccer Hall of Fame in 1980 and the St. Louis Soccer Hall of Fame in 1986 and the National Soccer Coaches Association of America’s Hall of Fame in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20241405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241405" title="Death at the Bar">
Death at the Bar

Death at the Bar is a 1940 novel by Ngaio Marsh which was adapted for television in 1993 as part of the "Inspector Alleyn Mysteries". The episode was directed by Michael Winterbottom and starred Patrick Malahide as Chief Inspector Roderick Alleyn. The title is a pun on the legal term the bar, and the public house in which much of the story takes place. It is set in the late 1930s.
Luke Watchman, a top London barrister and King's Counsel dies while on his annual holiday in Devon, after a freak accident in which he was struck in the finger by a dart while taking part in a game with his friends. Examination of the body shows that he died of potassium cyanide poisoning, and traces of cyanide are found on the dart. However, the dart was a new one just out of the packet, and the witnesses all agree that Robert Legge, the man who threw it, had no opportunity to put cyanide on the dart.
Alleyn is sent down from London to investigate. He soon deduces that at the heart of the case is a trial which took place nearly ten years before. The two defendants were Lord Bryonie and Montague Thringle, and Watchman had defended Bryonie and put the majority of the blame on Thringle. Analysis of Legge's fingerprints reveals that he is Thringle. Alleyn eventually concludes that it was not the dart that had killed Watchman, but the iodine that had been used to treat the wound shortly afterwards, and that Legge was guilty, because only he could have known that the dart would wound Watchman.

</doc>
<doc id="20241407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241407" title="Workers' Initiative">
Workers' Initiative

The Workers' Initiative ( or IP) is a Polish anarcho-syndycalist trade union. IP was established in the second half of 2001 as an informal anarchists group whose objective was the common struggle for workers' rights. As a formal nationwide anarcho-syndycalist trade union IP began to act in September 2004. 

</doc>
<doc id="20241426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241426" title="Keith Usherwood Ingold">
Keith Usherwood Ingold

Keith Usherwood Ingold, OC FRS FRSC FRSE (born 31 May 1929) is a British chemist. 
He was born to Sir Christopher Ingold and Dr. Hilda Usherwood, and studied for a BSc in Chemistry at the University of London, completing his degree in 1949. He continued his higher education with a PhD in chemistry at Oxford University, which he completed in 1951. Soon after graduation he moved to Canada to begin work with the National Research Council, followed by two years of post-doctoral research at the University of British Columbia. He returned to work for the NRC in 1955 as a research officer, followed by a promotion to head of the Free Radical Chemistry Section. He was awarded the 1968 Petroleum Chemistry Award, the 1988 Linus Pauling Award, and both the Davy Medal and Royal Medal of the Royal Society, the latter for "elucidating the mechanism of reactions involving free radicals". In 1995 he was made an officer of the Order of Canada. He has received honorary degrees from the universities of Guelph, Mount Allison, St Andrews, Carleton, McMaster and Dalhousie.
In recent years, his work has focused on radical-trapping antioxidants, vitamin E in particular, and their effect on aging and on preventing such age-related diseases as cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20241428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241428" title="Charles Virolleaud">
Charles Virolleaud

Jean Charles Gabriel Virolleaud (1879, Barbezieux, Charente – 1968) was a French archaeologist, one of the excavators of Ugarit.
He is still renowned too for his books, and particularly for "La Civilisation phénicienne" (1933) and "La Mythologie phénicienne" (1938).
References.
ObituarIes by André Parrot, “Charles Virolleaud (1879-1968)”, "Syria: Revue d’art oriental et d’archéologie", 46 (1969), pp. 390–391, and by Ernst Friedrich Weidner, “Charles Virolleaud (2. Juli 1879 bis 17. December 1968)”, "Archiv für Orientforschung", 24 (1973), pp. 245–246.

</doc>
<doc id="20241430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241430" title="Kuramae Kokugikan">
Kuramae Kokugikan


</doc>
<doc id="20241433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241433" title="HMS Marksman">
HMS Marksman

Two ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS "Marksman". Another was planned but never completed:

</doc>
<doc id="20241442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241442" title="Vladislav Arena">
Vladislav Arena

Vladislav Arena is an arena in Varna, Bulgaria. The arena holds 600 people, and it is primarily used for handball and futsal. The arena is home to handball team Lokomotiv Metalex Bild and futsal teams MFC Varna, FC Odesos and FC MAG.

</doc>
<doc id="20241451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241451" title="RD Slovan">
RD Slovan

Rokometno Društvo Slovan Ljubljana, commonly referred to as RD Slovan or simply Slovan, is a team handball club from Ljubljana, Slovenia.
Arena.
Slovan Ljubljana play their home matches at the Kodeljevo Sports Park, a 1,540 all-seated hall in Ljubljana.
Colours.
The traditional colours of the club are red and white.
Supporters.
Club fans are called the "Red Tigers".
Club honours.
Domestic.
Yugoslav Championship:
Slovenian First League: 
Slovenian Second League:
Slovenian Handball Cup:
European.
EHF Champions League: Runners-up in 1980–81
EHF Cup: quarter-finals 1992–93
EHF Cup Winners Cup: semi-finals 1983–84

</doc>
<doc id="20241467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241467" title="Screens">
Screens

Screens is the third studio album from Portland, Oregon-based "troublegum" group The Mint Chicks and thus far the only Mint Chicks release not to feature bassist Michael Logie. It was released on March 16, 2009 in New Zealand, The Mint Chicks' homeland on Flying Nun Records. It was mixed in Portland, Oregon by the Nielson brothers and Jacob Portrait, with additional mixing by Chris Nielson in Auckland, New Zealand.
The album's first single was "I Can't Stop Being Foolish". Sam Peacocke, the New Zealand music award winning director responsible for the band's videos for "Walking Off a Cliff Again" and "Crazy? Yes! Dumb? No!" filmed a new video for the single, which hit number 1 on the bFM chart on February 4, 2009 and stayed at this position for 2 weeks.
On December 25, 2008, an EP called "Mintunes" was offered for free download on The Mint Chicks' website including 8-bit versions of four songs to appear on "Screens", including the then-unreleased "Red, White or Blue" and "Screens".
On December 20, 2008, a video for "Enemies" made by band member Ruban Neilson appeared on The Mint Chicks' website, YouTube and Vimeo. On January 1, 2009, a similar video for the track "Life Will Get Better Some Day" created by Kody Neilson was released on YouTube.
On February 20, 2009, New Zealand on Air released a list of songs granted funding for a video, among which was The Mint Chicks' track "Don't Sell Your Brain Out, Baby". The song was added by bFM on May 4, 2009 and went to number one on the bFM top ten on May 6, the fifth bFM number-one from "Screens".

</doc>
<doc id="20241468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241468" title="Casalvecchio">
Casalvecchio

Casalvecchio is the name of two places in Italy:

</doc>
<doc id="20241478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241478" title="Cam Paddock">
Cam Paddock

Cam Paddock (born March 22, 1983 in North Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Frederikshavn White Hawks of the Danish AL-Bank Ligaen.
Early life.
Paddock begun his hockey career at the Major Junior ice hockey level, playing for the Kelowna Rockets of the Western Hockey League. As a junior, he developed as an offensive forward, playing on Kelowna's top line. In 2004, he won the Memorial Cup with the Rockets. He was drafted 137th overall in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft by the Pittsburgh Penguins.
In the 2008–09 season, Paddock signed with the St. Louis Blues and made his long awaited debut playing in 16 games, scoring 2 goals.
On September 26, 2011, Paddock was signed to a one-year contract with the Los Angeles Kings. He was assigned to AHL affiliate, the Manchester Monarchs, for the duration of his tenure with the Kings in the 2011–12 season. On January 27, 2012, Paddock sought a release from the Kings and signed for the reminder of the season to return to the Deutsche Eishockey Liga with Augsburger Panther.
On August 23, 2012, Paddock was again on the move signing a one-year deal to remain in Europe with Frederikshavn White Hawks of the Danish AL-Bank Ligaen.

</doc>
<doc id="20241482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241482" title="I'll Kiss It Away">
I'll Kiss It Away

"I'll Kiss It Away" is a song by German recording arist Sarah Connor. A dedication to Connor's daughter Summer, her second child with American pop singer Marc Terenzi, it was written by Connor along with frequent collaborators, Rob Tyger and Kay Denar, for her sixth studio album, "Sexy as Hell" (2008), with production helmed by the latter. Musically, "I'll Kiss It Away" is a mid-tempo pop ballad with contemporary R&B influences that combines classic chord progression on an acoustic guitar with a modern-sounding 808 drum beat.
Released as the album's second single on November 7, 2008 in German-speaking Europe, the song peaked at number twenty-one in Germany, where it became Connor's first single to miss the top twenty since 2001's "French Kissing". It also fared poorly in Austria and Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="20241483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241483" title="FC MAG">
FC MAG

FC MAG is a futsal team based in Varna, Bulgaria. It plays in Bulgarian Futsal Championship. The club was officially founded in 2003. Club colors are blue and white. 

</doc>
<doc id="20241491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241491" title="Thorvald Strömberg">
Thorvald Strömberg

Thorvald Strömberg (March 17, 1931, Kirkkonummi – December 9, 2010) was a Finnish sprint canoer who competed in the 1950s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two medals at Helsinki in 1952 with a gold in the K-1 10000 m and a silver in the K-1 1000 m events.
Strömberg also won three medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds (K-1 10000 m: 1950, 1958) and a silver (K-1 1000 m: 1950).

</doc>
<doc id="20241494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241494" title="Vydra">
Vydra

Vydra may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20241496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241496" title="McDonald Elementary School">
McDonald Elementary School

McDonald Elementary School may refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="20241529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241529" title="Alex McVey">
Alex McVey

Alex McVey is an American fine artist and illustrator from Texas, mostly known for his work on high-end limited edition books and album art. He has illustrated the works of Stephen King, William Peter Blatty, Brian Keene, Joe R. Lansdale, and others.
McVey is known for his work within the horror genre, and for his use of a variety of styles, subject matter, and media.
Clients include: Cemetery Dance Publications, Bloodletting Press, Weird Tales, Straight Line Stitch, Centipede Press, Team Y&R, and others.
Selected bibliography.
Alex McVey has illustrated works for:

</doc>
<doc id="20241533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241533" title="Székely himnusz">
Székely himnusz

Székely himnusz (Székely Anthem) is a 1921 poem adopted by Szekler National Council as the anthem of Székely Land on 5 September 2009. The lyrics were written by György Csanády and its music was composed by Kálmán Mihalik.
Original lyrics.
Hungarian.
Ki tudja merre, merre visz a végzet
Göröngyös úton, sötét éjjelen.
Segítsd még egyszer győzelemre néped,
Csaba királyfi csillagösvényen.
Maroknyi székely porlik, mint a szikla
Népek harcának zajló tengeren.
Fejünk az ár ezerszer elborítja,
Ne hagyd elveszni Erdélyt, Istenünk!
Literal translation.
Who knows where destiny takes us
On a rough road on a dark night.
Help your nation to victory once more,
Prince Csaba, on the stars' path.
Handful of Székely being crushed like the cliffs
On the sea storming from the battle of nations.
Our heads are a thousand times covered by the tide,
Don't let to be Transylvania lost, our God!

</doc>
<doc id="20241549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241549" title="Louis Gantois">
Louis Gantois

Louis Gantois (November 15, 1929 – 2011) was a French sprint canoer who competed in the early to mid-1950s. He won a bronze medal in the K-1 1000 m event at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki. Gantois also won two medals at the 1954 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Mâcon with a silver in the K-1 1000 m and a bronze in the K-4 1000 m events.

</doc>
<doc id="20241550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241550" title="Click of Respect">
Click of Respect

Click of Respect is a collaboration album by American rapper "Kool G Rap" and "5 Family Click" group. The group would later be featured on various mixtapes and production on future Kool G Rap works. 
Cover Art.
Featuring photography by Maya Hayuk and Art Directed / Designed by Keith Corcoran, the multi-page CD booklet featured photos of G Rap Giancana, Ma Barker, 40 CAL Hammerz and Glory Warz depicted as the focus of a law enforcement investigation. 

</doc>
<doc id="20241554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241554" title="Magdalena Tulli">
Magdalena Tulli

Magdalena Tulli (born 20 October 1955 in Warsaw, Poland) is a Polish novelist, one of Poland's leading writers.

</doc>
<doc id="20241564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241564" title="Evergreen Elementary School">
Evergreen Elementary School

Evergreen Elementary School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20241566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241566" title="Posta del Chuy">
Posta del Chuy

The old Posta del Chuy is a historic inn situated away from Melo, Cerro Largo, Uruguay.
History.
The inn was intended for travelers going by diligence from Melo to Villa Artigas (now Río Branco).
Built in 1855 by two Basque men named Etcheverry, the solid stone building is unique in South America.
Heritage.
It has been declared a site of National Heritage. The history of its construction is described in "Los árboles de piedra" by Andrés Echevarría.

</doc>
<doc id="20241574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241574" title="Joniece Jamison">
Joniece Jamison

Joniece Jamison (born in Baltimore, USA in 1956) is an American singer. In France, she achieved notability recording two successful duets with French artist François Feldman: "Joue pas" in 1989 (#2 in France) and "J'ai peur" in 1991 (#7 in France). Her album "Gospel" peaked at #144 in France in January 2005. 
She had also collaborated with many notable artists such as Elton John, Catherine Lara, Sylvie Vartan and was notably a backing singer with Eurythmics in the 1980s, and with Soma Riba in the 2000s.
Personal life.
Mother of two, Jamison has lived in France since 1980 after being invited by the French singer Sylvie Vartan, whom she has met in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20241578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241578" title="RD Rudar Trbovlje">
RD Rudar Trbovlje

Rokometno Društvo Rudar Trbovlje, commonly referred to as RD Rudar Trbovlje or simply Rudar, is a team handball club from Trbovlje, Slovenia.
Supporters.
Rudar Trbovlje supporters are called the "Torcida Trbovlje" and "Kamnita".

</doc>
<doc id="20241581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241581" title="List of alumni of Corpus Christi College, Oxford">
List of alumni of Corpus Christi College, Oxford

This is a list of notable alumni of Corpus Christi College, Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20241593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241593" title="Buthus occitanus">
Buthus occitanus

Buthus occitanus, the Common Yellow Scorpion, is a species of scorpion in the Buthidae family. It occurs in the Middle East, North Africa and Europe.
"B. occitanus" is 60-80 mm in length, has a yellow or yellow-brown color and is venomous, but its toxicity varies markedly across its range. This scorpion is often found in dry and hot areas with sparse vegetation, where it hides under stones etc. during daytime. It has also been reported from Mediterranean forests in Spain at altitudes above 1000 meters (with snowfall in the winter). The sting in Europe is painful but with mild toxic effects but in Africa can be fatal.

</doc>
<doc id="20241607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241607" title="Igor Pissarov">
Igor Pissarov

Igor Pissarov (born February 19, 1931) is a Soviet sprint canoer who competed from the late 1950s to the mid-1960s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the K-1 1000 m event at Melbourne in 1956.
Pissarov also won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1958 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="20241614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241614" title="Crown Paints">
Crown Paints

Crown Paints has been making paint for more than 200 years and is Holder of the Royal Warrant by Appointment to Her Majesty the Queen, as Manufacturers of Paints.
The company is owned by Danish decorative and protective coatings company Hempel, who employ over 5,000 people and operate in more than 80 countries.
More than 1,250 employees work for Crown Paints, which has its headquarters in Darwen in Lancashire. Its manufacturing sites in Darwen and Hull operate to ISO 9001 quality management system and ISO 14001 environmental management system. Crown Paints holds the Investors in People standard, which in July 2013 was upgraded to the Gold award.
Crown Paints' brands include Crown, Sandtex, Crown Trade, Sandtex Trade, Permoglaze, Macpherson, Sadolin and Berger - which are sold to domestic consumers and professional markets, and some brands to key export territories.
The company has a network of around 130 Crown Decorating Centres, spread throughout the UK and Ireland.
Colour.
Colour forecasting is a key focus of the business and each year Crown Paints launches 'Colour Influences' - a collection of the latest predictions for residential and commercial environments. The shades are selected by the Crown Paints Colour Influences panel, a team that includes stylists assembled for the annual project.
Sustainability.
In 2008, Crown Paints launched its sustainability programme, Earthbalance®, which has a target to reduce Crown Paints' Greenhouse Gas emissions by 10% by 2015 and 25% by 2020.
Key to this target being achieved is Crown's work in carbon footprinting all of its products, a process started in 2010, with the launch of a Carbon Portfolio Footprinting Tool.
In 2013, Crown was a supporting partner of Climate Week. To mark the event it introduced a national recycling programme, during which its Crown Decorating Centre network received surplus paint from the public over a two week period. The paint was recycled by a social enterprise partner and redistributed via Groundwork Pennine for community projects nationwide.
Recent awards won by the company include the Sustainable Innovation Award 2012, organised by the British Coatings Federation, two Green Apple awards, the Sustainable Business Award For Large Companies from the Lancashire Business Environment Awards and the 2013 Green Manufacturer of the Year title, from North West Insider's 'Made In The North West' awards. It was also a national champion in the 2013 European Business Awards.
Crown Paints has an ongoing programme of supporting good causes and works with organisations which include Groundwork Pennine and Blackburn Youth Zone. For more than 30 years, Crown Paints has sponsored a painting and decorating competition, aimed at promoting the development of future skills in the painting and decorating industry. Known as Crown Trade Apprentice Decorator of the Year, it is run by the Construction Industry Training Board (CITB).
Crown also sponsored the Painting and Decorating competition at WorldSkills London 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20241629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241629" title="Final Curtain">
Final Curtain

Final Curtain is a 1947 novel by Ngaio Marsh, which was adapted for television in 1993 as part of the "Inspector Alleyn Mysteries".
Plot.
Agatha Troy Alleyn is waiting for the return of her husband Roderick Alleyn after a long separation during World War II. (The preceding two books in the series, "Colour Scheme" and "Died in the Wool", concern Alleyn's work during the war.) While waiting, she accepts a commission to paint the celebrated actor Sir Henry Ancred at his home Ancreton Manor. While there, she witnesses the bitter family dynamics between Sir Henry, his children and grandchildren, which are complicated by the presence of his young mistress, Sonia Orrincourt. Soon after the portrait is finished, Sir Henry, who has been in poor health, dies seemingly of natural causes. Troy returns home and is reunited with her husband. Alleyn is soon assigned to investigate the death, and the case is quickly complicated by another murder.

</doc>
<doc id="20241630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241630" title="Brice Foods">
Brice Foods

Brice Foods was a company based out of Dallas, Texas, and was the parent of the frozen yogurt franchise I Can't Believe It's Yogurt. Brice Foods was sold in 1996 to Yogen Früz of Toronto, Canada, and the founders were no longer involved in the company.
I Can't Believe It's Yogurt.
I Can't Believe It's Yogurt was founded in 1977 by Bill and Julie Brice from Dallas, Texas. In 1981, I Can't Believe It's Yogurt sued TCBY, whose company name was originally "This Can't Be Yogurt!". The lawsuit filed by I Can't Believe It's Yogurt forced its competitor to change its name from "This Can't Be Yogurt!" to the backronym for its initials, "The Country's Best Yogurt."
Fraud case.
In 1999, several Brice Foods executives were sued for investment fraud and conspiracy by investors in international franchise operations. The allegations related to Brice Foods' misappropriation of investor funds and defaulting on promissory notes back to 1992, and the flow of money to top company executives of Brice Foods. A state court trial in San Antonio, Texas found the executives not liable on all counts.

</doc>
<doc id="20241633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241633" title="Lajos Kiss">
Lajos Kiss

Lajos Kiss (born May 22, 1934) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1950s. He won a bronze medal in the K-1 1000 m event at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.
Kiss also won a silver medal in the K-1 4 x 500 m event at the 1958 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="20241647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241647" title="MRK Krka">
MRK Krka

Moški Rokometni Klub Krka (), commonly referred to as MRK Krka or simply Krka, is a team handball club from Novo Mesto, Slovenia. Currently, it competes in the Slovenian First League of Handball.

</doc>
<doc id="20241654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241654" title="UNIFAC Consortium">
UNIFAC Consortium

The UNIFAC Consortium has been founded at the Carl von Ossietzky University of Oldenburg at the chair of industrial chemistry of Prof. Gmehling to invite private companies to support the further development of the group contribution methods UNIFAC and its successor modified UNIFAC (Dortmund). Both models are used for the prediction of thermodynamic properties, especially the estimation of phase equilibria.
The UNIFAC consortium is a successful example of private sponsorship of a public university in Germany.
History.
The consortium was founded in 1997 when the public financing of the further development of the models became unlikely. The models UNIFAC and mod. UNIFAC (Dortmund) have already been used widely in software for the simulation and synthesis of chemical processes. Many companies doing process development in the field of chemical engineering had announced their support for a new way to subsidize the further development. This is facilitated through the support of over 40 companies, and is particularly aided by the DDBST GmbH, which supplies the complete Dortmund Data Bank (DDB) and several software tools for free. The DDB, a factual data bank for thermodynamic data, especially phase equilibrium data, is the main source for the work of the consortium.
Objectives.
The normal work of the consortium includes
The consortium has e. g. added or modified 404 interaction parameters in the original UNIFAC matrix compared to the 635 parameters from the latest publication.
The major goals are to
The model parameters are confidential and only accessible to consortium members for at least two and a half year after the first delivery. After this time the university can publish the model parameters.
Supported models.
The UNIFAC consortium supports the development of three different models,
Both UNIFAC models are estimating activity coefficients, PSRK (short for Predictive Soave-Redlich-Kwong) however is a combination of the original UNIFAC model with an equation of state.

</doc>
<doc id="20241660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241660" title="Tiago Venâncio">
Tiago Venâncio

Tiago Venâncio (born August 19, 1987) is a freestyle swimmer from Portugal, who represented his home country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. He also competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics. 
On September 2009 he started training and studying in Madrid, and began representing S.E.K. Sierra Oeste. In November 2009 he recovered the national records of the 50, 100, and 200 freestyle (short course) at the Spanish SC National Championships, but lost them in the month of December to Alexandre Agostinho and Diogo Carvalho
He is also the Portuguese record holder in the 200 m freestyle (long course).
Now his goal is to get the minimum that will allow him to go to the 2012 Summer Olympics, in London. The race he is more close to get this goal done is the 200 meters freestyle, but he has great rivalry from other Portuguese athletes such as Mario Pereira and Luís Vaz.

</doc>
<doc id="20241674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241674" title="2009 WNBA season">
2009 WNBA season

The 2009 WNBA Season is the 13th season of the Women's National Basketball Association. It is the first WNBA season ever without a Houston franchise, the Comets having folded in December 2008. The season ended with the Phoenix Mercury winning their second championship in three years.
The regular season began with a televised (ABC) meeting between the defending champion Detroit Shock and the Los Angeles Sparks in Los Angeles, California on June 6. The Connecticut Sun hosted the 9th Annual All-Star Game which was broadcast live on ABC (HD) on July 25.
Houston Comets dispersal draft.
On December 8, 2008, the Houston Comets dispersal draft was held. Five former Comets players, Latasha Byears, Mwadi Mabika, Hamchetou Maiga-Ba, Michelle Snow and Tina Thompson were free agents and therefore not eligible for this draft. Teams selected based inversely on their 2008 regular season records.
The top picks were:
Six of the thirteen teams making selections waived their picks.
2009 WNBA Draft.
The WNBA Draft lottery was held on December 9, 2008. The Atlanta Dream received the first overall selection. The Washington Mystics received the number two selection. The Chicago Sky came up with the third overall selection, followed by the Minnesota Lynx at four and the Phoenix Mercury at number five. For the first time in WNBA history, the lottery balls were chosen exactly according to odds.
The 2009 WNBA Draft was held on April 9 in Secaucus, New Jersey. Coverage of the first round was shown on ESPN2 (in HD for the first time ever) at 3:00pm. Second and third round coverage was shown on ESPNU and NBA TV at 4:00pm.
The top draft picks were as follows:
Regular season.
All-Star Game.
The 2009 WNBA All-Star Game was hosted by the Connecticut Sun on July 25 at Mohegan Sun Arena. Coverage of the game began at 3:30pm on ABC. This marked the second time the Sun had hosted the annual event.
Statistic leaders.
The following shows the leaders for each statistic during the 2009 regular season.

</doc>
<doc id="20241690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241690" title="Police area">
Police area

A police area is the area for which a territorial police force in the United Kingdom is responsible for policing. 
Every location in the United Kingdom has a designated territorial police force with statutory responsibility for providing policing services and enforcing criminal law, which is set out in the various police areas below. Special police forces and other non territorial constabularies do not have police areas and their respective specialist areas of responsibility are shared with the relevant geographic territorial police force. Ultimately the Chief Officer of a territorial police force has primacy over all law enforcement within his police area even if is within the remit of a special police force such as the British Transport Police on the railway infrastructure or the Ministry of Defence Police on MOD property.
History.
The Metropolitan Police District was the first example of a police area - when it was created, all other police forces were responsible for one county or county borough only. Police areas were introduced with the passage of the Police Act 1964 and Police (Scotland) Act 1967, when a number of small (mainly county borough) police forces were merged with county ones. 
The current system of police areas in England and Wales is set out by Section 1 of the Police Act 1996.
There are 43 police areas in England and Wales, most of which are defined by Schedule 1 of the 1996 act. They may be altered by order of the Home Secretary. The two other areas, the Metropolitan Police District and the City of London police area, are defined by Section 76 of the London Government Act 1963 and the City of London Police Act 1839 respectively.
In Northern Ireland and Scotland, there is only one police force: the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) and Police Service of Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="20241702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241702" title="Erik Hansen (canoeist)">
Erik Hansen (canoeist)

Erik Hansen (born 15 November 1939) is a Danish sprint canoer who competed from the late 1950s to the early 1970s. Competing in four Summer Olympics, he won three medals with one gold (K-1 1000 m: 1960) and two bronzes (K-1 1000 m: 1968, K-1 4 × 500 m relay: 1960).
Hansen also won five medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-1 1000 m: 1963) and four silvers (K-1 500 m: 1963, 1966; K-1 1000 m: 1966, K-1 10000 m: 1970).

</doc>
<doc id="20241717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241717" title="David Carlsson (footballer)">
David Carlsson (footballer)

David "Tulle" Carlsson (born March 7, 1983 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish footballer currently playing as a forward for Gamlakarleby Bollklubb in the Finnish third tier Kakkonen.
Career.
IFK Mariehamn.
Carlsson played a total of six seasons at IFK Mariehamn in Finland after his arrival from Swedish Älvsjö AIK FF. He scored both goals in the play-off final when IFK Mariehamn was promoted to the Veikkausliiga in 2004. He also scored second most goals in the league in his first season in the top flight (14 goals in 25 matches).
HJK Helsinki.
In 2006 Carlsson went on a short term loan to HJK Helsinki at the end of the season, but returned to Mariehamn. He only managed to score one goal while in Helsinki.
Brommapojkarna.
On November 17, 2008 it was announced that Carlsson would join newly promoted Brommapojkarna, his former club, for the 2009 season in the Swedish top flight.

</doc>
<doc id="20241718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241718" title="Casalnuovo">
Casalnuovo

Casalnuovo ("New Casale") is the name of several places in Italy:

</doc>
<doc id="20241765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241765" title="Imre Szöllősi">
Imre Szöllősi

Imre Szöllőzi (born February 19, 1941) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the early 1960s to the early 1970s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won three medals with two silvers (1960: K-1 1000 m, K-1 4 × 500 m relay) and one bronze (1968: K-4 1000 m).
Szöllőzi also won three medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-2 10000 m: 1966) and two silvers (K-2 10000 m: 1970, K-4 10000 m: 1966).

</doc>
<doc id="20241787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241787" title="WIYE-LD2">
WIYE-LD2

WIYE-LD2 is the MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station for the Mid-Ohio Valley. The station is a second digital subchannel of low-powered CBS affiliate WIYE-LD that is owned by Gray Television. Over-the-air, it broadcasts a standard definition digital signal on UHF channel 47.2 from a transmitter in Independence Township, Ohio. It can also be seen on Suddenlink and CAS Cable channel 5 (hence the on-air branding My 5).
WIYE-LD2's parent station shares studios with NBC affiliate WTAP-TV and low-powered Fox affiliate WOVA-LD on Market Street (official address is One Television Plaza) in downtown Parkersburg, West Virginia. Syndicated programming on this station includes "The Office", "How I Met Your Mother", "Two and a Half Men", and "The Big Bang Theory" among others. Overnight, it airs a live Doppler weather radar feed seen during weather forecasting segments on WTAP's newscasts.
On April 10, 2006, WTAP launched a third digital subchannel to serve as the area's first locally-based UPN affiliate. This could be seen on UHF channel 47.3 (or virtual channel 15.3 via PSIP). To make the service possible, WTAP underwent a technical transformation. It carved out a new digital control rooms from space previously used for storage. The station also installed entirely digital production and master control rooms. After UPN merged with The WB to form The CW in September 2006, WTAP-DT3 transitioned from UPN to Fox's new sister network, MyNetworkTV. On September 3, 2012, the station moved to a new second subchannel of WIYE.

</doc>
<doc id="20241796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241796" title="Mona Sutphen">
Mona Sutphen

Mona K. Sutphen (born November 10, 1967) served as the White House Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy in the Obama administration from 2009 to 2011, and is currently a Managing Director at UBS AG, covering geopolitical risk, macro-policy trends and their impact on the global economy. She has also previously held positions as an American senior government official and a consultant, and is also the co-author of The Next American Century: How the U.S. Can Thrive as Other Powers Rise.
Background.
Sutphen is from Milwaukee, Wisconsin and graduated from John Marshall High School there. Her mother was Jewish and her father African American.
She earned her B.A. in international relations in 1989 from Mount Holyoke College and an M.Sc. from the London School of Economics. 
From 2001-2008 Sutphen was managing director of Stonebridge International, a Washington-based business strategy consulting firm that works with multinational corporations, financial institutions and other organizations on challenges worldwide. She also served as Vice President for Currenex, the first internet-based trading platform for the institutional foreign exchange market. 
She has served as a United States Foreign Service officer (1991–2000), serving in the Clinton Administration on the staff of the National Security Council (1998–2000)., She also worked in the State Department's Human Rights bureau, and at the U.S. Embassy in Bangkok.
She is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and is the co-author (with Nina Hachigian) of "The Next American Century: How the U.S. Can Thrive as Other Powers Rise".
Sutphen was "one of more than 50 ex-lobbyists in senior Obama administration jobs." "The Washington Post" published a profile of Sutphen on April 14, 2009. She was also identified as one of the "seven behind-the-scenes economic players you need to know in the Obama administration" in the magazine "Condé Nast Portfolio".
Personal life.
She is married to Clyde Williams, who has served as President Bill Clinton's domestic policy adviser at his Foundation, a vice president of Center for American Progress, and the Democratic National Committee's political director. They married in 2001 and together they have two young children.
Works.
Hachigian, Nina and Sutphen, Mona. "The Next American Century: How the U.S. Can Thrive as Other Powers Rise", Simon & Schuster (January 8, 2008) ISBN 978-0-7432-9099-9

</doc>
<doc id="20241835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241835" title="William Radclyffe">
William Radclyffe

William Radclyffe (October 20, 1783 – December 29, 1855) was an English engraver and painter.
Born in Birmingham and self-educated, he was apprenticed to a letter engraver and studied drawing under Joseph Barber with his cousin John Pye. Both planned to move to London when their apprenticeships were complete in 1801, but Radclyffe remained in Birmingham for financial reasons and set up as an engraver and copperplate printer.
Radclyffe became well known as an engraver of landscapes, making prints after David Cox, J. M. W. Turner and Peter De Wint and illustrating numerous works of travel literature.

</doc>
<doc id="20241836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241836" title="2009 WNBA Playoffs">
2009 WNBA Playoffs

The 2009 WNBA Playoffs is the postseason for the Women's National Basketball Association's 2009 season.
Playoff qualifying.
The following teams clinched a playoff berth in the East:
The following teams clinched a playoff berth in the West:
Bracket.
This is the outlook for the 2009 WNBA playoffs. Teams in "italics" had home court advantage. Teams in bold advanced to the next round. Numbers to the left of each team indicate the team's original playoffs seeding in their respective conferences. Numbers to the right of each team indicate the number of games the team won in that round.
References.
1. http://www.wnba.com/standings/team_record_comparison/conferenceNew_Std_Cnf.html

</doc>
<doc id="20241837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241837" title="Mihály Hesz">
Mihály Hesz

Mihály Hesz (born December 15, 1943) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the early 1960s to the early 1970s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two medals in the K-1 1000 m event with a gold in 1968 and a silver in 1964.
Hesz also won six medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds (K-1 10000 m: 1966, K-1 4 x 500 m: 1971), a silver (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1966), and three bronzes (K-1 500 m: 1971, K-1 10000 m: 1963, K-1 4 x 500 m: 1970).
He married and lated divorced Andrea Gyarmati, who won two medals in women's swimming at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="20241839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241839" title="Kata, Burma">
Kata, Burma

Kata or Khata is a town in Kachin State, Burma. It lies on the Ayeyarwady River.

</doc>
<doc id="20241862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241862" title="Inside the Vatican">
Inside the Vatican

Inside the Vatican is a monthly magazine relating to issues within the Roman Curia, at the Vatican in Rome, which is at the very heart of the Roman Catholic Church and Christianity as a whole. 
It is published ten times a year, having begun its first publication in April 1993. It has a readership of 17,500 and a circulation of 15,000, primarily in the US and Canada. It is read by some of the leading members of the American Church. 
Its editor-in-chief is Robert Moynihan, who has received the full support of Pope John Paul II. The magazine attempts to fully analyze the impact of the Holy See in the modern world and its role in the spiritual life of the Church's one billion flock.

</doc>
<doc id="20241876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241876" title="Thomas Robins">
Thomas Robins

Thomas Robins is a New Zealand actor who was the original host of "Squirt", a children's television series. He has also played roles in three films directed by Peter Jackson.

</doc>
<doc id="20241879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241879" title="Ronald Hugh Campbell">
Ronald Hugh Campbell

Sir Ronald Hugh Campbell, PC, GCMG (27 September 1883 – 15 November 1953) was a British diplomat who held several important positions at the Foreign Office including, from July 1939 to 22 June 1940, when the armistice between Germany and France was signed at Compiègne, that of British ambassador to France.
He was appointed British ambassador in Paris from the British Legation in Belgrade - a considerable jump in promotion and extremely rare in the diplomatic service. Such an important position is normally reserved for diplomats who have passed through several legations and other embassies. However, it was long recognized that Campbell possessed outstanding abilities. Following the fall of France in June 1940, he returned to London and in November of the same year was transferred to Lisbon to act as British ambassador. He retired from the Foreign Office at the end of his period of service as British ambassador to Portugal in July 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20241881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241881" title="Live in Concert 1998">
Live in Concert 1998

Live In Concert 1998 is a 2-disc DVD/CD set by Bootsy Collins and the New Rubber Band. The DVD features Bootsy Collins performing at the North Sea Jazz Festival on July 11, 1998. The concert was originally shown on Dutch television shortly after the performance. The DVD/CD set was released by ABC Entertainment, in conjunction with Charly Films in 2006.
Tracks.
Disc One(DVD)
Disc Two(CD)
Edited audio version of the DVD

</doc>
<doc id="20241886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241886" title="RK Maribor Branik">
RK Maribor Branik

Rokometni Klub Maribor Branik (), commonly referred to as RK Maribor Branik or simply Branik, is a team handball club from Maribor, Slovenia. Currently, it competes in the Slovenian First League. The team plays its home matches at the Tabor Hall, a 3,800 capacity multi-purpose sports venue in Maribor. Between 2004 and 2010, the team was known as RK Klima Petek Maribor due to sponsorship reasons. Their biggest success was reaching the final of the Slovenian Handball Cup in the 2009–10 season and reaching the quarter-finals of the EHF Cup in the 2012–13 season.
History.
Handball in Maribor.
The first handball team in Maribor was formed in 1925, when the women's selections of the 1. SSK MB played their first Czech handball match at the Ljudski vrt. In 1928, the 1. SSK Maribor have won the national league. The first men's handball team was formed in 1949, named Polet. They were renamed to Branik in 1951, when they participated in the Yugoslav First League qualifiers. In 1954, Branik have won their first Slovenian Republic League title, and were promoted to the Yugoslav First League. The women's team won the league one year later, in 1955. Between
1955 and 1968, Branik did not achieve any major success and were even relegated to the local Styrian League in 1966, but returned to the top Slovenian division two years later. They were relegated again in 1972, but once again returned in 1979 after spending a few years in the local regional leagues. In 1977, the team was merged with Kovinar Tezno to form Maribor. The team was struggling in the next decade and did not achieve any major results. After the independence of Slovenia, the team was reformed with a help from some former handball players, including Marko Šibila. They reached the 3. DRL (Third National Handball League).
Maribor Branik.
In 2003, a new club called Maribor Branik was founded. In their first season, the team was promoted to the 2. DRL East. In 2005–06, they were promoted to the 1. B DRL, where they stayed until the 2008–09 season. They were the runners-up and were promoted to the elite Slovenian First League of Handball. In the same year, they finished in the third place in the Slovenian Handball Cup. In their first season in the top division, they finished eight and were the runners-up in the Slovenian Handball Cup, where they lost to Celje Pivovarna Laško in the final, which was held at the Tabor Hall. As the runners-up, they gained a place in the 2010–11 EHF Cup Winner's Cup. They reached the quarter-finals, where they lost to the Spanish side San Antonio. In the same season, the team finished in the fifth place in the Slovenian League. They again finished in the fifth position in the 2011–12 season, and were eliminated in the quarter-finals of the 2011–12 EHF Challenge Cup by Maccabi Tel Aviv from Israel. The club's most successful season is the 2012–13, when they reached the group stages of the EHF Cup, defeating Dudelange, Kópavogs and Siscia in the qualifications. They were drawn in the group with Danish team Tvis Holstebro, Norwegian Elverum and Polish Wisła Płock. With seven points out of six games, they qualified to the quarter-finals of the competition. They were eliminated by Göppingen with 57–56 on aggregate.
Arena.
Maribor Branik play their matches at the Tabor Hall in the Tabor suburb of Maribor. The capacity of the hall is 3,800, but for the handball games, the capacity is reduced. The reserve venue for Maribor Branik is the Ljudski vrt Sports Hall, a 2,100 capacity all-seater indoor hall at the left bank of the river Drava.
Supporters and rivalry.
The club had a supporters group called "Maribor Supporters". They started to attend a games in the 2008–09 season, when the club was playing in the Slovenian Second League. However, the supporters group was official established in 2011. In February 2012 there was an incident, when the small number of Maribor Supporters chanted a song about the Srebrenica massacre against the Bosnian team Gradačac in the first leg of the 2011–12 EHF Challenge Cup. The group was banned from attending the Branik's home games. Maribor Branik do not have any major rivals, however, matches between Maribor Branik and RK Celje are considered as the "Styrian derby", named after the Styria region in Slovenia, with Maribor and Celje being the two biggest cities in the region. The games against RK Jeruzalem Ormož and RK Trimo Trebnje are also considered as derbies.
Colours, kits and crest.
Originally, the club's colours were white and black, as this is the main colour of the Branik Sports Association. However, at the start of the 2011–12 season, RK Maribor Branik changed their main colour to purple for better recognition, as purple is considered as one of the city's colours due to popularity of NK Maribor, the most successful association football club in the country. Maribor Branik's main home kit colour is purple with black shorts, while the away kit is all-white. The third kit is all-black, but is rarely used. The first club's crest was shield-shaped with a black and white abstract silhouette of a handball player, which is typically for the Branik Sports Association clubs. In 2012, they changed the colours of the crest, which are now purple and white.
Current squad.
"As of 17 January 2014."
Maribor Branik in European handball.
The table includes matches from the official EHF competitions only.
Honours.
League
Cup
Notable former players.
The following current and former Maribor Branik players have make at least one appearance for the youth or senior national team in the official EHF recognized matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20241889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241889" title="Leysdown railway station">
Leysdown railway station

Leysdown is a disused railway station in Leysdown-on-Sea. It opened in 1901 and closed in 1950. There are no substantial remains of the station. 
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="20241896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241896" title="Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust">
Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust

Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust is an NHS foundation trust of the English National Health Service, one of the prestigious Shelford Group. It runs Guy's Hospital in London Bridge, St Thomas' Hospital in Waterloo, Evelina London Children's Hospital and community services in Lambeth and Southwark. 
Guy's Hospital was first established as an NHS Trust including University Hospital Lewisham but in 1993 but Lewisham became independent and Guy's and St Thomas' joined together. 
In December 2013 it was announced that a proposed merger with King's College Hospital and South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust foundation trusts had been suspended because of doubts about the reaction of the Competition Commission. 

</doc>
<doc id="20241909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241909" title="Wes Nolden">
Wes Nolden

Wesley L. Nolden, II is an American bishop. He was a bishop in the United Episcopal Church of North America and in the Reformed Episcopal Church. He was also the priest in charge of Trinity Anglican Church in Evansville, Indiana. He is currently assisting bishop at the Diocese of Quincy of the Anglican Church in North America. 
Nolden attended The General Theological Seminary in New York and took his Clinical Pastoral Education training at the Presbyterian University Medical Center of Columbia and Cornell (formerly Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center) in Manhattan. From 1974 to 1976 he was the seminarian assistant at the Church of the Transfiguration in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="20241917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241917" title="South Canterbury (New Zealand electorate)">
South Canterbury (New Zealand electorate)

South Canterbury is a former parliamentary electorate, in South Canterbury, New Zealand.
Population centres.
The electorate was rural, in the South Canterbury area of the South Island.
History.
The electorate existed from 1969 when it replaced the
Ashburton electorate, to 1978, when it was renamed back to Ashburton.

</doc>
<doc id="20241942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241942" title="2009 WNBA draft">
2009 WNBA draft

The 2009 WNBA Draft is the league's annual process for determining which teams receive the rights to negotiate with players entering the league. The draft was held on April 9, 2009. The first round was shown on ESPN2 (in HD for the first time ever) at 3:00pm ET, while the second and third rounds were shown on ESPNU and NBA TV at 4:00pm.
A lottery was held on December 9, 2008. The Atlanta Dream received the first overall selection of upcoming 2009 draft. The Washington Mystics received the number two selection. The Chicago Sky came up with the third overall selection, followed by the Minnesota Lynx at four, the Phoenix Mercury at number five. For the first time in WNBA history, the lottery balls were chosen exactly according to odds. Some of the top draftees were Angel McCoughtry, Marissa Coleman, Kristi Toliver, and Renee Montgomery. 
Dispersal Draft.
On December 1, 2008, the league announced that the Houston Comets would no longer operate. On December 8, a dispersal draft was held with teams being allowed to pick based on reverse order of 2008 records.

</doc>
<doc id="20241977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241977" title="Aurel Vernescu">
Aurel Vernescu

Aurel Vernescu (January 23, 1939 – December 1, 2008) was a Romanian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1950s to the early 1970s. Competing in four Summer Olympics, he won three medals with a silver (1972: K-4 1000 m) and two bronze (1964: both K-1 1000 m and K-4 1000 m). 
Vernescu also won eleven medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with four golds (K-1 500 m: 1963, 1966; K-1 4 x 500 m: 1963, K-2 500 m: 1966), five silvers (K-1 1000 m: 1963, K-1 4 x 500 m: 1970, 1971, K-2 500 m: 1966, 1970; K-2 1000 m: 1966), and one bronze (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1966).
He died on December 1, 2008 from a cardiac insufficiency.

</doc>
<doc id="20241979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241979" title="Zod (Gobots)">
Zod (Gobots)

Zod is a fictional character in the "Gobots" and "Machine Robo" story and toy line.
Gobots.
Zod is a giant, even among his fellow Gobots. Savage and bestial, he is one of Cy-Kill's most powerful weapons. Zod is considered the "Godzilla" of the Gobots.
Animated series.
Zod is left on Gobotron during Cy-Kill's initial trip to Earth. He orders Fitor to not use Zod against the Guardians, as he will have use of him later. 
The Power Warrior Courageous defeats Ultra Zod. 
Scooter used a hologram of Zod to make the Renegades flee.
Robo Machines.
In the "Eagle" comic strip "Robo Machines", Cy-Kill performed an operation on his master to convert him into Zod. Zod attacked the Command Centre, shooting down Royal-T, and later killing Carry-All. Zod still possessed the intellect of Stron-Domez, and was able to design the Devil Invaders, and oversee construction of the first Casmodon. However, soon after his stabilisers were disabled after being attacked by the Security Forces, and Cy-Kill abandoned him.

</doc>
<doc id="20241992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241992" title="Herr Fiend">
Herr Fiend

Herr Fiend is the name of a fictional character from the various Gobots series. He is an evil Renegade scientist, and is also known as Doctor Go.
Gobots.
Herr Fiend is one of the Renegades. He is the resident Renegade mad scientist, and is depicted as speaking with a thick German accent.
His alternate mode of a Porsche 928 is identical to the Decepticon Transformers named Dead End.
Animated series.
In the animated Gobots series Herr Fiend is given the name "Doctor Go."
Doctor Go appears in "Battle for Gobotron" episode #1. Due to animation errors the Renegade Doctor Go appears identical to Zeemon in the pilot series.
In "Doppleganger" episode #23 Cy-Kill has Doctor Go program robot duplicates of the Guardians using recordings he made of the real Guardians. When demonstrating the Space Bender weapon to Unicom, Leader-1 learns that the Renegades are attacking Washington. The Renegades ambush Leader-1 and replace him with his duplicate. Leading the Command Center back to Gobotron and getting rid of Scooter and Small Foot the Renegades then release duplicates of Path Finder, Rest-Q, Van Guard and Turbo. Small Foot and Scooter are able to capture the Turbo duplicate and learn where their friends are being held. Cy-Kill then replaces Good Night. Using the duplicate Turbo the Guardians infiltrate the Renegade base, free the captured Guardians and escape from Spoons and Fitor. Although blocked by the Renegades, Scooter uses a hologram of Zod to make the Renegades flee. Making it back to Gobotron the Guardians are attacked by the Guardian duplicates. The real Guardians are able to defeat their duplicates with the aid of the real Zeemon, Hans-Cuff and Rest-Q. Cy-Kill then arrives in Thrustor with more duplicates, but Small Foot is able to stop with robots using the Space Bender device, which fuses their robot brains.
Doctor Go and Bad Boy send a stealth device to the escaping renegades on the Gobot Prison Moon to cover their escape in a hidden ship.
Doctor Go appears in the feature film "" where he uses the brain stormer on the female Rock Lord Solitaire. Due to animation errors in the film Doctor Go appears to resemble Baron Von Joy in the film, meanwhile in some scenes the Guardian Zeemon appears is occasionally depicted like Doctor Go.

</doc>
<doc id="20241997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241997" title="Astragalus gambelianus">
Astragalus gambelianus

Astragalus gambelianus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Gambel's dwarf milkvetch. It is native to California, with its distribution extending into Oregon to the north and Baja California to the south. 
It grows in many types of habitat, including chaparral and woodlands and the Sierra Nevada. 
Description.
"Astragalus gambelianus" is an annual herb with slender stems reaching a maximum of 30 centimeters long, but generally remaining shorter. A dwarf milkvetch, it is smaller than most other species of its genus. The leaves are less than 4 centimeters long and are made up of several oblong leaflets, each a few millimeters in length. 
The inflorescence holds up to 15 purple-tinted white flowers, each generally less than 6 millimeters long. The herbage of the inflorescence is coated in black hairs. The fruit is a tiny rounded or oval legume pod just a few millimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20241999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20241999" title="Washington High School (Missouri)">
Washington High School (Missouri)

Washington High School is a public high school in Washington, Missouri that is part of the Washington Public Schools.

</doc>
<doc id="20242010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242010" title="Explorer-1 Prime">
Explorer-1 Prime

Explorer-1 , also known as E1P and Electra, was a CubeSat-class picosatellite built by the Space Science and Engineering Laboratory (SSEL) at Montana State University. It was launched aboard a Taurus-XL rocket from Vandenberg Air Force Base, California on 4 March 2011, but failed to achieve orbit after the rocket malfunctioned.
As part of NASA's ELaNA program, E1P was to be launched along with NASA's Glory satellite, Kentucky Space's KySat-1 and the University of Colorado-Boulder's Hermes CubeSats.
E1P was a reflight mission of "Explorer 1", the first American satellite, using modern technology including a geiger tube donated by James Van Allen. The name of the satellite was also adopted from Van Allen, who referred to the satellite as "Explorer-1 Prime" prior to his death in 2006.
It was originally intended to be launched in 2008 to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the launch of "Explorer 1". If it had been successful, E1P would have been Montana's first successful launch of a satellite after the loss of SSEL's MEROPE in 2006.
There was a spare, Explorer-1 Prime Unit 2, that was launched with NPP.
The Michigan Exploration Laboratory (MXL) suspects that the M-Cubed CubeSat, a joint project run by MXL and JPL, became magnetically conjoined to Explorer-1 Prime, a second CubeSat released at the same time, via strong onboard magnets used for passive attitude control (see: Magnetorquer), after deploying on October 28, 2011. This is the first non-destructive latching of two satellites.

</doc>
<doc id="20242029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242029" title="Ein Siniya">
Ein Siniya

Ein Siniya (, "‘Ayn Sîniyâ") is a small Palestinian village of over 700 people in the Ramallah and al-Bireh Governorate, north of Ramallah, and a mile northeast from Jifna. It is situated on the mountainous spine that runs north-south across the West Bank at an elevation of above sea level. 
History.
During Palestine's rule by the Ottoman Empire (16th-19th centuries), Ein Siniya was located in the sheikhdom of Bani Zeid, in the District of Jerusalem. In 1556, it was the smallest village in the sheikhdom, having under ten households. 
In 1882, the Palestine Exploration Fund's "Survey of Western Palestine" described Ain Sinia as a small village, but of undoubted antiquity. A small Crusader fort appears to have been situated there.
Early in the twentieth century, Ain Sinya was "practically" the property of a wealthy Arab native of Jerusalem who influenced authorities to build a carriage road next to Ein Siniya to benefit the village.
Moshe Sharet, who later became Israel's second Prime Minister lived in the village in his childhood, when his family attempted to live in the area.
Demographics and land.
In 1907 the population was Muslim, and in 1922 numbered 114. In the 1931 census the population of Ein Sinya was 288 in 59 inhabited houses. 15 villagers were Christian, the rest Muslim.
According to Sami Hadawi's 1945 land and population survey, Ein Siniya had a population of 330 inhabitants and a total land area of 2,724 dunams, most of which was Arab-owned. Its built-up area consisted of 21 dunams, while 2,404 dunams were cultivated. Unlike other Arab villages in the area, Ein Siniya grew mulberry and walnut trees in abundance instead of olive or fig groves. 
Much of the population fled during the 1967 Six-Day War and only by 1982 did the population reach roughly what it was in 1945, 333. It grew to 482 in 1987, and then 533 in the census carried out by the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBS) a decade later. The main cause of growth of Ein Siniya which was nearly empty after the 1967 war was an influx of Palestinian refugees, who by 1997 constituted over half of the population (52.3%). According to the PCBS, Ein Siniya had a population of 702 in 2004, rising to 753 in mid-year 2006. In the 2007 PCBS census, there were 711 people living in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="20242048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242048" title="Harty Road Halt railway station">
Harty Road Halt railway station

Harty Road Halt is a disused railway station between Eastchurch and Leysdown-on-Sea. It opened in 1905 and closed in 1950.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="20242066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242066" title="Wendy Wyland">
Wendy Wyland

Janna Wendy Wyland (November 25, 1964 – September 27, 2003) was a female diver from the United States. More commonly known as Wendy Wyland, she represented her native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, winning the bronze medal in the Women's 10m Platform competition. Two years earlier, she won the world title in the same event.
Biography.
Wyland was born in Jackson, Michigan to parents Vernon and Beth Wyland. Her family moved to Penfield, New York, where she was coached in diving by Betty Perkins-Carpenter from the age of six. When she was 14, she moved to Mission Viejo, California to train under Hall of Fame coach Ron O’Brien. She competed as a member of the Mission Viejo Nadadores Diving Team. While attending Florida Atlantic University at Boca Raton, Florida, Wyland trained for the 1988 Olympics at Mission Bay under O'Brien and alongside fellow athletes Greg Louganis, Michele Mitchell and Kent Ferguson. Wyland was "Swimming World" magazine's World Platform Diver of the Year in 1982 and 1983.
She moved back to Rochester, New York in the mid-1990s, where she ran the Webster Aquatic Center and then was the head swimming and diving coach pool manager at Rochester Institute of Technology. She died unexpectedly in Rochester, New York. An annual competition, The Wendy Wyland Invitational, bears her name in memorial.
Wyland was engaged to Chad Anthony Lucero in May 1990. Remarried in 2000 to David VanDerWoude.
Wyland suffered from migraine headaches and dizzy spells for 22 months before her death. She died suddenly during sleep; an autopsy was performed but was inconclusive about cause of death. Wyland was survived by her husband David VanDerWoude, her stepdaughter Carley, and daughter Abigayle. Wyland was buried in the Webster Union Cemetery, Webster, New York. Her husband established the Wendy Wyland Scholarship Fund for divers in financial need of college scholarships.
She was included in "People" magazine’s "50 most beautiful people" in 1990 and was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20242074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242074" title="Aleksandr Shaparenko">
Aleksandr Shaparenko

Aleksandr Shaparenko (sometimes shown as Aleksandr Shaporenko, born February 16, 1946) is a Soviet-born Ukrainian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1960s to the late 1970s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won three medals with two golds (1968: K-2 1000 m, 1972: K-1 1000 m) and one silver (1968: K-1 1000 m).
Shaparenko also won 13 medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with seven golds (K-1 1000 m: 1966, 1970; K-1 10000 m: 1973, K-2 1000 m: 1966, K-4 10000 m: 1977, 1978, 1979), two silvers (K-1 10000 m: 1974, K-4 1000 m: 1974), and four bronzes (K-1 1000 m: 1971, 1973; K-4 1000 m: 1966, 1979).

</doc>
<doc id="20242079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242079" title="Ken Paff">
Ken Paff

Kenneth T. Paff (born May 16, 1946 in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania) is one of the founders and current National Organizer of Teamsters for a Democratic Union, a rank-and-file union democracy movement organizing to reform the International Brotherhood of Teamsters (IBT), or Teamsters.
Early years.
Ken Paff was born in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania, a small Rust Belt town near Pittsburgh. He was the son of a union steelworker and a homemaker, the youngest of seven children. In 1956, when Paff was ten, his parents divorced, and he moved to Santa Ana, California with his mother, where he attended high school.
Joining the Movement.
In 1964 he gained admission to the University of California, Berkeley, where he went to study physics. There he became involved in the Free Speech Movement and the civil rights movement. After receiving his bachelor's degree, Paff began a Ph.D. program in physics at UC Berkeley, but quickly abandoned his studies to focus on movement activism. His first exposure to labor movement activism was in 1970 as a supporter of Cesar Chavez's United Farm Workers union, when he leafleted supermarkets in support of striking farmworkers in the Salinas Valley. During this time he worked briefly as a computer programmer, then a teacher, but did not feel that either profession suited him.
Building Teamster Reform.
Paff eventually found work as a truck driver in California, and soon moved to Cleveland, where he took a job with Shippers Dispatch, which was bought out by Preston Trucking. As a driver for Preston he became a member of Teamsters Local 407, the major freight local in the Cleveland area.
At Shippers and Preston, Paff connected with rank and file workers across the Midwest who had been active in previous Teamster efforts such as Teamsters United Rank and File (TURF), and he got involved with starting a new Teamster reform organization. It was initially called Teamsters for a Decent Contract (TDC), since it was organized around mobilizing for the 1976 National Master Freight Agreement negotiations. At their founding convention at Kent State University outside of Cleveland in September 1976, TDC formally changed their name to Teamsters for a Democratic Union (TDU).
Being based in Cleveland, Paff and TDU to drew the attention of Cleveland Teamster boss Jackie Presser, who would be elevated to Teamster General President in the 1980s. Indeed, Presser organized a contingent of retirees to picket the founding TDU Convention, and opposed TDU members who showed up at union meetings. He also enlisted the help of associates of Lyndon Larouche to oppose the TDU. The Larouche followers, along with a mix of Teamster officials and others, eventually created the Brotherhood of Loyal Americans and Strong Teamsters (BLAST) in opposition to the TDU.
From Rank and Filer to TDU National Organizer.
Paff and the reformers continued to build their organization. As members saw how TDU was consistently standing up to the Teamster officialdom, TDU began to grow. By 1978, the movement was too big to run on a purely volunteer basis, and the TDU Steering Committee voted to hire Paff as its full-time National Organizer. Paff decided to leave his job at Preston, take a very large pay cut, and take the position, which he holds to this day. At that point, TDU also moved its headquarters from Cleveland to Detroit, which brought Paff to the Motor City.
As TDU's National Organizer, Paff has been a central force behind TDU's many accomplishments in the years since its founding, including defeating concessionary agreements such as the notorious freight "relief rider" that Presser attempted to foist on the membership in 1983, overturning the so-called "two-thirds" rule, which allowed contracts to be ratified with as little as one-third of the membership voting to approve, protecting Teamster members' pensions, and helping countless numbers of rank and file Teamsters learn their rights, run campaigns to reform their local union bylaws, run for shop steward, and win office to reform their locals.
One of Paff's best-known accomplishments is his work helping Teamster members win the right to vote for their top leadership. As detailed most clearly by author Kenneth Crowe, it was TDU's intervention with the Justice Department (assisted by attorneys Thomas Geoghegan and Paul Alan Levy of Public Citizen) that led the government to reject their initial plan to impose a government trusteeship of the IBT and opt instead for a system of government-supervised elections.
Once Teamster members won the right to vote for top officers, the Teamster reform movement then faced the problem of fielding a candidate to run for office. After extensive internal debate, TDU decided to endorse Ron Carey, head of New York Local 804, for Teamster General President at their 1989 convention. In the ensuing two years, Paff was the acknowledged "field general" of the grassroots operation that led dark horse reform candidate Carey to be elected to the top office in the IBT.
With Carey in office, TDU faced the new problem of how to redefine their relationship to a changed International Union. Although some thought that TDU's job was done now that Carey had been elected, Paff understood the continued necessity of an independent rank and file organization. "We need to be an independent movement that unites the best in the Teamsters, from top to bottom," he said. "The 1991 election opened up some important doors, but only the membership can complete the job we started." That necessity became abundantly clear as Teamster old guard officials, although no longer in power at the International level, continued to use their power at the local and Joint Council level to stonewall Carey's reform efforts, sparking a virtual civil war within the union. In response, TDU helped Teamster members organize to pressure their recalcitrant local leaders to get on board with Carey's mobilizing strategies, particularly surrounding national contract negotiations in carhaul, freight, and at UPS. Although difficult at first, that so-called "pincer" strategy—with a mobilized rank and file uniting with a reform leadership at the top to pressure the mid-level leadership—paid off, as evidenced by the landmark 1997 strike against UPS.
Soon after the UPS victory, however, TDU faced yet another, far more serious challenge, as Carey was removed from office when his campaign manager was caught laundering union money. In the subsequent rerun election he was replaced by old guard favorite James P. Hoffa. While some forecast TDU's demise, Paff worked with the rank and file TDU leadership to keep the reform movement on track. By keeping the movement focused on core substantive issues of union reform, such as contract campaign, member mobilization, and local union elections, Paff played an important role in guiding TDU through that difficult period.
Now into his fourth decade as National Organizer of TDU, Paff continues to help rank and file Teamsters defend their rights, speak out for greater democracy, and prod reluctant union leaders to protect wages, benefits, and working standards.
Organizing Philosophy.
Those who have studied TDU's origins and its ability to persist over time have credited Paff's organizing strategy for much of its success. Kenneth Crowe notes that, while Paff could certainly be "stern" and even "caustic," he "provided the kind of egoless, highly organized, and determined leadership that the organization needed." "The key for us in TDU," as Paff explained it, "is faith in the members. You're going to have hope that ordinary people can do extraordinary things, because if they can't, there ain't gonna be no hope for the change we're interested in. We started out to change the union, and we ended up changing ourselves." 
In keeping with his emphasis on faith in the members, Paff has developed and instilled an organizing culture within TDU that emphasizes local member initiative, and establishes a close connection between the staff, the elected leadership (known as the International Steering Committee, or ISC), and the membership. He also argued forcefully from TDU's inception that the movement should operate openly, not clandestinely. "The employers are going to find out about you," he said. "The people that aren't going to find out about you are the rank and file. We're going to put ourselves out there. We're going to take that chance. If they come after us, they're going to have to do it publicly."
Many analysts have credited TDU's model of mobilizing tactics and its long tradition of rank and file organizing as being key factors behind the successful 1997 strike at UPS.
Awards and recognition.
In 1988 Paff received the Nat Weinberg Award, given to "men and women who ... stubbornly refus to accept defeat and...assert the right of working people to address and solve the problems that confront them." In 1996 he was named a Petra Fellow by the Petra Foundation, awarded to "unsung individuals making distinctive contributions to the rights, autonomy and dignity of others."
In 1996 Paff was portrayed in the movie , a biographical film focusing on the life of longtime Teamster reform activist and former IBT International Vice President Diana Kilmury. His character was played by actor Robert Wisden.
In 2003, the late Studs Terkel published an interview he made with Paff as a chapter in his book "Hope Dies Last: Keeping the Faith in Difficult Times".

</doc>
<doc id="20242089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242089" title="Jim Bokern">
Jim Bokern

Jim Bokern (born 16 April 1952) is a retired U.S. soccer forward who played three seasons in the North American Soccer League. He then went on to coach at the high school, collegiate and amateur levels. He won a high school state title, three NCAA Division I, a National Amateur Cup, a National Challenge Cup, and two USSF Over-30 Cup championship as a player as well as two high school state titles, one National Challenge Cup championship, two U.S. U-20 Cup titles and two U.S. O-30 Cup titles as a coach.
Player.
Bokern grew up in South St. Louis. He attended St. Mary’s High School where he played on the 1970 Undefeated Missouri State championship soccer team. He was named the team’s Offensive MVP. He then attended St. Louis University, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1970 to 1973. During those years, the Billikens won the NCAA Division I national championship three times (1970, 1972 and 1973). He was inducted into the St. Louis University Hall of Fame in 1996. During his college years, he also played for St. Louis Kutis S.C. with whom he won the 1971 National Amateur Cup. In that game, he scored two goals as Kutis defeated Cleveland Inter-Italian 4-1. In 1974, the St. Louis Stars of the North American Soccer League drafted Bokern. He spent three seasons in the NASL. He then played at the semi-professional and amateur levels for over twenty years with Kutis. In 1985, Bokern and his team mates won the National Challenge Cup title.
Coach.
Bokern has coached at the high school, collegiate and professional levels. He was the 1977 Missouri High School Coach of the Year. That season, he had taken the Oakville High School soccer team to the State Championship. In 1983, he coached Forest Park Community College when it was runner up in the National Junior College national championship. He was also the 1983 NJCAA Coach of the Year. In 1985, he coached, as well as played on, Kutis F.C. when it won the National Challenge Cup. In 1994, Bokern was hired as head coach of the St. Louis Knights of the USISL. In 1996, he was named Missouri High School Coach of the Year for a second time, this time as head coach of his alma mater, St. Mary’s High School, Bokern earned an USSF "A" Coaching License in 1996 and an USSF "Y" Coaching License in 2008.
In addition to coaching youth soccer, Bokern is the owner/broker of Bokern Realty in St. Louis.

</doc>
<doc id="20242100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242100" title="Falling Through a Field">
Falling Through a Field

Falling Through a Field is the first album by the American psychedelic rock band Black Moth Super Rainbow, released in 2003. It is the band's fourth album of releases under the name Satanstompingcaterpillars are included in the chronology. Some of the songs here were from the Satanstompingcaterpillars era albums like "The Autumn Kaleidoscope Got Changed" and "The Most Wonderfulest Thing".
Track listing.
Expanded Edition.
In 2007, Graveface Records re-released "Falling Through a Field" with added bonus tracks, under the title "Falling Through a Field: Expanded Edition". These are tracks 18-23 in the reissue:

</doc>
<doc id="20242102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242102" title="Astragalus gibbsii">
Astragalus gibbsii

Astragalus gibbsii is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Gibbs' milkvetch. It is native to eastern California, the north-central Sierra Nevada, and western Nevada, where it grows in the pine forest habitat of the mountains and the sagebrush of the plateaus.
Description.
"Astragalus gibbsii" is low-lying perennial herb forming clumps of hairy, gray-green stems up to 35 centimeters long. Leaves are up to about 9 centimeters long and are made up of several pairs of oval to oblong leaflets. The large inflorescence bears up to 30 yellowish or cream-colored pouched, podlike flowers, each between 1 and 2 centimeters long. 
The fruit is a hanging legume pod 2 to 3 centimeters long. It is fleshy when new and dries to a hairy, leathery texture.

</doc>
<doc id="20242104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242104" title="Gulf States University">
Gulf States University

Gulf States University is a now-defunct university that had been located in Louisiana. It was established in South Carolina in 1977 and closed after its move to Louisiana in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20242122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242122" title="Brambledown Halt railway station">
Brambledown Halt railway station

Brambledown Halt is a disused railway station between Minster and Eastchurch. It opened in 1905 and closed in 1950.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="20242125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242125" title="Géza Csapó">
Géza Csapó

Géza Csapó (born December 29, 1950) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed in the 1970s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two medals in K-1 1000 m event with a silver in 1976 and a bronze in 1972.
Csapó also won eleven medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with six golds (K-1 500 m: 1973, 1975; K-1 1000 m: 1973, 1974; K-1 4 x 500 m: 1971, K-2 10000 m: 1973), two silvers (K-1 500 m: 1973, K-1 4 x 500 m: 1973), and three bronzes (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1970, K-2 500 m: 1977, K-4 1000 m: 1971).
He was elected Hungarian Sportsman of the year in 1973 after winning three gold medals at that year's World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20242127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242127" title="Colin Scott (bishop)">
Colin Scott (bishop)

Colin John Fraser Scott (born 14 May 1933) was the Bishop of Hulme from 1984 until 1998. 
Scott was educated at Berkhamsted School and Queens' College, Cambridge. After curacies at St Barnabas, Clapham Common and St James, Hatcham he was Vicar of St Mark, Kennington. Following this he was Vice-Chairman of the "Southwark Diocesan Pastoral Committee " and then (his final appointment before elevation to the Episcopate) Team Rector of Sanderstead. In retirement he continues to serve the Church as an Assistant Bishop within the Diocese of Leicester. He is a prominent member of the Anglican Pacifist Fellowship.

</doc>
<doc id="20242146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242146" title="Fernando Navarro Morán">
Fernando Navarro Morán

Fernando Navarro Morán (born 18 April 1989 in Mexico City) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays as a defender for Mexican Club Leon in the Liga Bancomer MX.
Senior International appearances.
"As of 11 June 2011"

</doc>
<doc id="20242154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242154" title="Velocette Thruxton">
Velocette Thruxton

The Velocette Thruxton is a sporting motorcycle made by Velocette. Revealed at the 1964 Earls Court Show
produced between 1965 and 1971, it was the final development of Velocette's antiquated pushrod single, the Venom. Sometimes referred to as the "Venom Thruxton", many surviving examples are 'upgraded' replicas based on the Venom. The Thruxton ceased production only when the company folded in 1971.
Development.
An optional cylinder head for the Venom (possibly designed by either Lou Branch or Dick Brown) became available for racers in 1964; a Venom equipped with this revised cylinder head took first in its class at that year's Thruxton endurance race. Veloce introduced the Venom Thruxton production model in 1965 with an advertised 41 horsepower at the crankshaft. Period tests clocked it at without race tuning.
The well-proven Venom was improved by Velocette designer (and owning-family member) Bertie Goodman with rearward placed footrests having brake pedal and remote gear-change linkage to suit, close-ratio four speed gearbox, alloy rims, twin-leading shoe front brake and 'clip-on' handle bars. The engine gained a race specification cylinder head to accommodate extra-large valves, a downdraught inlet port and an Amal 5GP2 13/8 bore carburettor with extended inlet tract which was so long it required a special cut out in the rear of the fuel tank. The upgraded engine delivered , 5bhp more than the Venom.
It was important for eligibility in endurance races such as the Thruxton 500 that competing motorcycles were genuine production machines, but although the Velocette Thruxton was sold in a road-going version, it was really targeted at the racing fraternity.
No more than 1108 Thruxtons were manufactured before the company collapsed in 1971.
Racing success.
Although named after the Thruxton 500 endurance race, for 1965 the race was actually held at another disused airfield, Castle Combe Circuit in that year. The Velocette Thruxton, ridden by Motor Cycle journalist David Dixon and Joe Dunphy, won the 500cc category.
In 1967 two Thruxtons, ridden by Neil Kelly and Keith Heckles gained first and second places in the 500cc Production TT, the first time a production-machine event had been staged at the Isle of Man with Kelly also recording the fastest lap at 91 mph.
Further development.
Geoff Dodkin and L.Stevens were two well-known specialist motorcycle retailers in the London area offering mechanical upgrades and cycle customising parts backed by their own race experiences. These included nimonic valves, larger lightweight aluminium oil and fuel tanks, seats, smaller megaphone silencers and an alloy top yoke.
The Avon Speedflow race fairing (made by Mitchenall Brothers) was introduced in 1964 in time for the June Isle of Man TT Races but the transparent, aerodynamic 'nose-cone' extending over the front race number plate area was soon 'outlawed' by the ACU, the UK motorcycle race-organisation governing body.
This led to the fairing being modified for a headlamp and offered for road use, complete with transparent nose-cone.
The Velocette Thruxton version was one of the first to be available, coming from the factory finished to match the standard Thruxton colour scheme in blue and silver or the optional black and silver.

</doc>
<doc id="20242167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242167" title="Alain Lebas">
Alain Lebas

Alain Lebas (born November 10, 1953) is a French sprint canoer who competed from the late 1970s to the early 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the K-1 1000 m event at Moscow in 1980.
Lebas also won two medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver (K-2 10000 m: 1978) and a bronze (K-2 500 m: 1979).

</doc>
<doc id="20242184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242184" title="Patricia McMahon Hawkins">
Patricia McMahon Hawkins

Patricia McMahon Hawkins is a United States career foreign service officer and member of the U.S. State Department. She was the United States Ambassador to Togo from 2008 to 2011.
Life and political career.
Patricia was born in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of East Stroudsburg University with a bachelor degree in education. She has also studied French at Georgetown University, the University of Dijon, and New York University.
She is married to Richard S.D. Hawkins, formerly a director of quality improvement for the Otis Elevator Company who quit his job and applied to join the Foreign Service to spend more time with his wife, and has two children, Frédéric and Jessica. Her home in the United States is in Waterville Valley, New Hampshire.
Her career started in the United States International Communications Agency in 1980. At USIA headquarters in Washington, D.C., she was the Country Affairs Officer for the eight countries of Francophone West Africa, and Policy Application and Coordination Officer (PACO) in the office of USIA's Assistant Director. She also served as the Public Affairs Advisor to the U.S. Delegation to the CSCE Conference on the Human Dimension, in Paris in 1989. Her first tour was in Paris, where she served as the Assistant Information Officer and Deputy Press Attaché. She subsequently served as Information Officer in Kinshasa, Zaire, as Public Affairs Officer in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, as Cultural Affairs Officer in Bogotá, Colombia, as Counselor for Public Affairs in Abidjan, Cộte d'Ivoire, where she also served briefly as Acting DCM and then for several months as Chargé d'affaires. In 2001, she was posted to the Dominican Republic, as Counselor for Public Affairs. Her most recent assignments have been in Washington, D.C., as Policy Application and Coordination Officer in the Office of Public Affairs of the Bureau of African Affairs, and as a Career Development Officer in the Bureau of Human Resources. During a three year hiatus from the Foreign Service, Pat served as the Executive Assistant to the President and CEO of Otis Elevator Company, in Farmington, Connecticut.
She succeeded David B. Dunn as the US Ambassador to Togo on August 22, 2008. She arrived at post on September 10, 2008 and presented her credentials to the Togolese President on September 12, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20242185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242185" title="Lusen (Bavaria)">
Lusen (Bavaria)

Lusen () is a mountain in Bavaria (Germany) and in the Plzeň Region (Czech Republic). Its peak is about south of the Czech Republic–Germany border. Streams forming on the north side become tributaries of the Vydra.
The Lusen is popular for hiking in summer and winter. There is a winter trail which is usually cleared of snow. However the bohemean wind might blow rather strongly and covers everything in ice as you can see in this panorama shot of the summit.
The winter trail is also ideal for sledging.

</doc>
<doc id="20242197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242197" title="Mazda RX-8 Hydrogen RE">
Mazda RX-8 Hydrogen RE

The Mazda RX-8 Hydrogen RE is a 2003 bi-fuel version of the RX-8 sports car, in which the twin-rotor Wankel engine is configured to run on either hydrogen or gasoline. This is the fifth Mazda vehicle to be fitted with a hydrogen Wankel engine. The hydrogen tank, with a capacity of 110 liters at 350 bar stores up to 2.4 kilograms of hydrogen and is fitted in addition to the 61 liter gasoline tank. In 2005, Mazda obtained street approval for this vehicle. The following year, the first vehicles were leased to customers (Idemitsu and Iwatani). In November 2007, Mazda announced the delivery of 30 RX-8 HRE to the Norwegian hydrogen project Hynor.
The bivalent RENESIS Wankel engine has the following data:

</doc>
<doc id="20242209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242209" title="Astragalus gilmanii">
Astragalus gilmanii

Astragalus gilmanii is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Gilman's milkvetch. It is native to the desert scrub and woodland of Nevada, the California Sierra Nevada and Inyo Mountains, and it is known from a few locations in the Panamint Range adjacent to Death Valley in California.
Description.
"Astragalus gilmanii" is a small, low-lying annual or perennial herb forming clumps of hairy stems up to 25 centimeters long. The leaves are up to about 7 centimeters long and are made up of several fuzzy, purple-margined green leaflets. The inflorescence bears 4 to 9 bright pinkish purple flowers each about 7 millimeters in length. 
The fruit is an inflated papery legume around 2 centimeters long. It contains several seeds in its single chamber.

</doc>
<doc id="20242224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242224" title="Ion Bîrlădeanu">
Ion Bîrlădeanu

Ion Bîrlǎdeanu (born August 1, 1958) is a Romanian sprint kayaker who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s. He won a bronze medal in the K-1 1000 m event at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.
He started to paddle at 18 in Galati, Romania trained by Prof. Gheorghe Galateanu.
Bîrlǎdeanu also won seven medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-2 10000 m: 1979), five silvers (K-1 500 m: 1981, K-1 1000 m: 1979, 1981; K-2 500 m: 1978, K-4 1000 m: 1978), and one bronze (K-2 10000 m: 1981).

</doc>
<doc id="20242242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242242" title="F. H. Townsend">
F. H. Townsend

F. H. Townsend (1868–1920) illustrated the second edition of Charlotte Brontë's 1847 novel "Jane Eyre".
He illustrated "A Child's History of England" and "Gryll Grange", and Nathaniel Hawthorne's "House of the Seven Gables" in 1902. Towsend also contributed cartoons to Punch. 

</doc>
<doc id="20242250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242250" title="The Nursing Home Murder">
The Nursing Home Murder

The Nursing Home Murder (1935) is a work of detective fiction by New Zealand author Ngaio Marsh.
Synopsis.
The British Home Secretary, Sir Derek O'Callaghan MP, has received several death threats from anarchists affiliated with Stalinist Communism - and a pleading letter threatening suicide from Jane Harden, a nurse he had a short affair with some months earlier. Shortly after receiving the letter his old friend and family physician, Sir John Phillips, visits him to ask him about O'Callaghan's relationship with Jane, who is also Phillips's scrub nurse and who he has loved from afar for years. After O'Callaghan brutally informs Phillips that Jane is "easy" and not worth his regard, he and Phillips almost come to blows before Phillips threatens his life in front of a servant.
One week later, O'Callaghan is introducing a bill in the House of Commons to deal with anarchism when he doubles over, incapacitated by acute appendicitis. His wife, unaware of the fight or of Phillips's threats, has her husband moved to Phillips's private hospital ("nursing home" in contemporary usage) and begs Phillips to operate immediately. He does so against his own wishes, as assisted by Dr. Roberts, the anaesthetist; Dr. Thoms, the assistant surgeon; Sister Marigold, the matron; Nurse Banks, the circulating nurse; and Jane Harden, the scrub nurse. The operation goes well, but O'Callaghan weakens near the end of the operation and dies one hour later, apparently of peritonitis.
The next day, Lady O'Callaghan is going through her late husband's papers and finds both the death threats from anarchists and Jane Harden's letter. Convinced that her husband has been murdered, she calls in Roderick Alleyn of Scotland Yard. It turns out that O'Callaghan has died of an overdose of hyoscine, a drug used in anaesthesia. Suspicion rests not just on Phillips and Harden but also on Nurse Banks, an outspoken Communist whose constant vicious insults toward O'Callaghan during the operation have led to her dismissal.
Alleyn's digging reveals that it would have been possible for any member of the surgical team to have committed the crime. He learns that Harden loved O'Callaghan to the point that even after his death she was unable to return Phillips's feelings; that Banks is a member of an anarchist society almost completely controlled by the authorities (and which has more bark than bite, as Alleyn finds out when he attends a meeting in disguise with his amanuensis, Nigel Bathgate); that O'Callaghan's sister, an unbalanced, shrill, unintelligent hysteric, has been bullying her brother into taking quack medicine produced by an avowed Communist; and that Dr. Roberts the anaesthetist is a firm believer in eugenics to the point that he is unable to prevent himself from expounding on the topic for hours.
Frustrated, Alleyn finally arranges for a re-enactment of the operation. During the re-enactment Sister Marigold brushes by Roberts's anaesthetic cart during a weak moment and Roberts erupts in rage, screaming that the nurse could have blown up the entire building had his cart (which carries ether) fallen over. Alleyn has Roberts removed from the room and quickly checks the cart and finds that one of the "bolts" holding the cart together is actually the top of a syringe. Hours later, he and Fox visit Roberts at his home and charge him with murder. Roberts admits to having injected O'Callaghan with hyoscine, but claims that he was justified: O'Callaghan's family had a "hereditary taint" (as shown by his sister), and it was his duty to remove such "tainted" persons from society. At the end, Alleyn points out that Roberts himself is insane and has committed dozens of similar murders, as testified to by the notches on his stethoscope.
In the epilogue Alleyn expresses doubt that Phillips and Harden will ever get together, and remarks that such things only happen in the "movie-mind".
References.
In Agatha Christie's "Murder in Mesopotamia", one of the characters, Nurse Leatheran, is seen reading the book.

</doc>
<doc id="20242252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242252" title="The House of Apples and Eyeballs">
The House of Apples and Eyeballs

The House Of Apples & Eyeballs is a collaborative album by Black Moth Super Rainbow and The Octopus Project.

</doc>
<doc id="20242310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242310" title="Stratford (New Zealand electorate)">
Stratford (New Zealand electorate)

Stratford is a former parliamentary electorate, in Taranaki, New Zealand. It existed from 1908 to 1946, and from 1954 to 1978. It was represented by six Members of Parliament.
Population centres.
In the 1907 electoral redistribution, a major change that had to be allowed for was a reduction of the tolerance to ±750 to those electorates where the country quota applied. The North Island had once again a higher population growth than the South Island, and three seats were transferred from south to north. In the resulting boundary distribution, every existing electorate was affected, and three electorates were established for the first time, including the Stratford electorate. These changes took effect with the .
The electorate was mixed urban and rural, with the town of Stratford located near the electorate's southern boundary. In the 1908 election, the rural / urban split for the country quote was a ratio of 4 to 1, and it more or less held this ratio until the country quota was abolished. In the 1918 electoral redistribution, the town of Inglewood was gained from the adjacent electorate. In the 1927 electoral redistribution, the electorate was not landlocked any longer for the first time, but gained the North Taranaki Bight coastline from just east of Waitara to the Mokau River, and the settlement of Mokau was thus gained.
The Electoral Amendment Act 1945 abolished the country quote, and this was implemented through the 1946 electoral redistribution, which saw a reduction in the number of rural electorates, and an increase in their size. Many electorates were abolished, including Stratford, and its area was subsumed in an the enlarged electorate.
History.
The electorate existed from 1908 to 1946, and from 1954 to 1978. The first representative was the conservative politician John Bird Hine, who defeated Walter Symes of the Liberal Party. Symes had held the electorate from to 1908, which then included the town of Stratford.
Hine joined the Reform Party when it established itself in 1909. In the , Hine was defeated by Robert Masters of the Liberal Party. The 1919 election was declared void, but Masters won the resulting .
Members of Parliament.
The Stratford electorate was represented by six Members of Parliament:
Key
1Robert Masters was elected in 1919; the election was declared void but Masters was elected in the subsequent 

</doc>
<doc id="20242326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242326" title="Mariana Constantin">
Mariana Constantin

Mariana Constantin (b. August 3, 1960) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast. She is an Olympic silver medalist with the team.

</doc>
<doc id="20242337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242337" title="Vasilios Koutsianikoulis">
Vasilios Koutsianikoulis

Vasilios Koutsianikoulis (; born 9 August 1988) is a Greek footballer who plays for OFI Crete in the Greek Superleague as a Left winger / Attacking Midfielder. He is a left footed winger that can play either on the left or right wing and is considered a strong prospect for the national team.
Clubs.
Iraklis Chalkis.
Koutsianikoulis began his career at Iraklis Chalkis, a Delta Ethniki (meaning Fourth Division) team based in Larissa, where Nikos Nioplias, then coach of the Greece U19 team first saw him.
Ergotelis.
Before the under 19 tournament he had signed a contract with Ergotelis, despite the interest from OFI. Koutsianikoulis had traveled to Heraklion in April 2007 to be tried out by then OFI coach, Reiner Maurer in a friendly against Ergotelis. Despite his good performance, the German coach did not make a decision fast and Ergotelis had the chance to sign him instead. During the 2007–08 Greece Superleague season, he played in 12 games (10 as a substitute) and a total of 126 minutes, but did not score.
During the 2008–09 Greece Superleague season he became a starter. He impressed in the 3–0 victory against Aris with an assist. He then scored 2 goals and registered one assist against Panathinaikos, and also scored another against this year's champions Olympiacos F.C.. His performances led fans and press to start calling him "The Greek Messi" or "Messi of the poor" due to his playing style which was reminiscent to the Argentinian's. Eventually Otto Rehhagel called him to the Greece National Team and made him a target for major clubs in Greece.
PAOK.
On 22 May 2009, after Olympiacos and Panathinaikos had tried to transfer the player, Ergotelis and PAOK reached an agreement which would allow Koutsianikoulis to continue for the Thessaloniki team from Summer 2009 onwards on a 4-year contract. The deal included a payment of €1,200,000 to Ergotelis and a friendly match between the two teams.
Koutsianikoulis did not manage to impress the PAOK coach Fernando Santos, and most of his appearancess in the 2009–10 found him coming in from the bench. Towards the end of the season he made some good appearances, leaving fans with a positive feeling about his future in the club.
National team.
Nikos Nioplias coach of the Greece U19 was impressed with his skills and included him in the squad that played in the 2007 UEFA European Championship. Koutsianikoulis played for one half against Spain in the group stage and then in the final against Spain again where Greece lost 1–0.
Koutsianikoulis received his first call-up for the Greece National Team for a friendly against Italy on 19 May 2008, but was not fielded.
Club statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of 18 December 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="20242365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242365" title="Utah Field House of Natural History State Park Museum">
Utah Field House of Natural History State Park Museum

The Utah Field House of Natural History State Park Museum is a museum in Vernal, Utah, United States.
State park.
The Utah Field House of Natural History State Park consists of a structure on a property. The museum displays prehistoric geological, anthropological, and natural history items found near the Uinta Mountains and within the Uinta Basin.
The park has a picnic area, and camping is available at nearby Red Fleet State Park and Steinaker State Park.
Museum features.
The Utah Field House of Natural History contains a rotunda, three exhibit halls, a classroom, a theater, and an outdoor garden.
The Geology Hall displays algae, dinosaur, and mammal fossils spanning more than 600 million years of history. There are also artistic representations of these life forms along with paintings of the geology of the region.
The Anthropology Hall features the human history of the area. This includes Fremont Indian artifacts along with reproductions of local petroglyphs. There are also more modern Ute handicrafts and other cultural items.
The Natural History Hall contains examples of animal life native to the area, arranged along a mural of the local environment spanning from the higher altitudes of the Uinta Mountains down to the lower Uinta Basin.
Outside the museum is the Dinosaur Garden, which features 17 full-sized prehistoric animal replicas from the Pennsylvanian through the Pleistocene epochs on the Geological time scale. Highlights include a twenty-foot Tyrannosaurus, a Stegosaurus, and two Moschops. The majority of these items were created by sculptor Elbert Porter, and were purchased in 1977 for the Field House. The newest addition, obtained by the museum in 1993, is a model of a Coelophysis made by artist David Thomas.
History.
In 1945, the Utah State Legislature approved building a state-owned natural history museum in Vernal. This was a result of efforts by the local Lions Club and others. This museum was to house and display fossil remains of ancient life, along with other natural history items. Funding was made available in 1946, and the museum opened in 1948. Since that time, it has hosted millions of visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="20242370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242370" title="Toralv Øksnevad">
Toralv Øksnevad

Toralv Øksnevad (1891–1975) was a Norwegian politician, journalist, newspaper editor and radio personality. He was known as the "voice from London" during World War II, when listening to foreign radio in Norway was illegal, and from October 1942 implied risk of death penalty. Øksnevad is regarded as one of the most influential persons in early news broadcasting in Norway.
Biography.
Øksnevad was a journalist for "Dagbladet" from 1912 to 1920, was press attaché in Paris 1920–1924, and again journalist for "Dagbladet" 1924–1927. He was editor-in-chief for the regional newspaper "Romsdalsposten" 1927–1933.
He started working for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation (NRK) in 1933, and became the leader for the news department in 1938. In April 1940 he fled from occupied Norway to Sweden, and traveled to London in August 1940, to negotiate with BBC. In London he participated in the BBC's broadcasting in the Norwegian language until 1945. Øksnevad was the "program director" of NRK-in-exile, except for brief periods. Before Øksnevad travelled from Sweden to London, Aake Anker Ording was acting director, and from July to October 1941 Øksnevad visited his family in the United States, during which time Olav Rytter was acting director. Øksnevad's regular Sunday evening speeches had a significant influence on the Norwegian war resistance. The book "Det lå i luften" from 1946 contains about 160 of his London radio speeches.
Øksnevad cooperated very closely with Prime Minister-in-exile Johan Nygaardsvold, and wrote his speeches on occasions. He was on less good terms with Minister of Foreign Affairs Halvdan Koht.
From 1945 he worked for NRK in Oslo, as a program editor, and from 1946 to 1961 as editor of foreign affairs.
Political career.
Øksnevad was chairman for the Young Liberals of Norway from 1914 to 1916, and chairman for the Oslo section of the Liberal Party from 1924 to 1927. He was a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway for two periods, both periods for the Liberal Party: during 1931–1933, from the constituency Market towns of Møre og Romsdal county, and 1954–1957 from Oslo. He was elected member of Oslo city council from 1951 to 1959, and deputy mayor from 1956 to 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="20242381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242381" title="Government of Punjab">
Government of Punjab

The title Government of Punjab can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20242416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242416" title="Intelsat VI">
Intelsat VI

The Intelsat VI series of satellites were the 8th generation of geostationary communications satellites for the Intelsat Corporation. Designed and built by Hughes Aircraft Company (HAC) in 1983-1991, there were five VI-series satellites built 601, 602, 603, 604, and 605. 
Design.
The Intelsat VI satellite was designed as a spinning satellite as had previous satellite designs. The main body of the spacecraft was spun at 30 revolutions per minute (rpm) to impart gyroscopic stability to the satellite in the Earth's gravitation field. A section of the spacecraft supporting the communications payload and antenna was de-spun to allow the antenna to point at the desired location on the earth.
The Intelsat VI series combined two design features of previous HAC satellites, larger solar array and wide body design. The HS376 extended power spinner satellite had an extra concentric cylindrical solar array which deployed after launch to increase the power generating capability of the satellite, and allow for a larger communications payload. The U.S Government's Wide-body Spacecraft was a larger diameter satellite designed to be launched by the Space Transportation System (STS, US Space Shuttle). Thus the Intelsat VI satellite were of a wide body spinning design with a larger solar array, due to the deploy-able array. The later HS393 series of satellites also used the wide body and extended solar array design.
This resulted in a spacecraft that was in diameter and approximately tall as configured for launch on an Ariane 4 rocket. When the spacecraft had arrived at its assigned orbital location, the concentric solar array would be extended (deployed), along with deployment of the communications antenna. The spacecraft would then be in length.
The Intelsat VI series of satellite were designed to be launched by either Ariane 4 rockets or the U.S. Space Shuttle. 
Propulsion.
A liquid bi-propellant propulsion subsystem was used on the Intelsat VI series satellites, and used nitrogen tetra-oxide and mono-methyl hydrazine. Four radial thrusters, rated at 22 newtons (N) (5 lbf) are used for east-west station-keeping, and spin-up/spin-down control. Two 22 N axial mounted thrusters provide north-south station-keeping and attitude control. Two apogee thrusters were used to provide the apogee boost to the satellite and support re-orientation maneuvers.
Power subsystem.
The solar array on the Intelsat VI was sized to provide about 2600 watts of power at the beginning of the satellites life. The Intelsat VI satellites used nickel hydrogen pressure vessel batteries to support operation when the spacecraft was in eclipse behind the earth.
As noted in the introduction, the Intelsat VI series of satellites were designed with a cylindrical spacecraft body which was covered by photovoltaic (PV) solar cells. Since the satellite was rotating at 30 rpm, a flat panel solar array on a side of the spacecraft would be exposed to the sun intermittently and not generate continuous power. With a cylindrical array part of the solar array would always be in sunlight and would generate power for the spacecraft to operate.
Communications payload.
The communications payload basically consists of the receivers, filters, amplifiers and interconnection cables or waveguide used to receive radio signals from earth transmitters, and convert them to suitable downlink frequencies, and retransmit the signals back to the earth. 
The Intelsat VI satellite used C-band at 6 GHz for the uplink/4 GHz for the downlink, and Ku-band at 14 GHz uplink/11 GHz downlink, and had 50 communications transponders which were designed to carry 33,000 telephone circuits, the equivalent of 33,000 two way telephone calls, as well as four television channels. The Intelsat VI satellites used a RF switching network to allow static connections between the uplink channels and downlink channels. The satellite also used a time division multiple access (TDMA) dynamic microwave switching network on channels 1-2 and 3-4 to allow the dynamic cross connection of the channels for TDMA type signals.
Antennas.
The antenna system and coverages were designed to be identical for all of the Intelsat VI satellites. This provided simplicity of design and manufacturing for the five satellites in the series, since all the antenna components could be made identical for each of the five satellites. It also allows for any of the VI series satellites to replace another satellite in case of an on-orbit failure.
A 2.0 m diameter reflector antenna was used for receiving C-band signals transmitted up from the earth. The satellite had two C-band "hemi" beam coverages which were designed to cover the landmass areas as seen from any of the orbital locations. Four beams were designed to provide smaller zone coverage for specific areas of the earth depending on the orbital location. Both the "hemi" and zone beams used an antenna reflector in diameter with a focal length. A 149 element feed horn array and four switching networks (three were switchable in orbit) allowed the zone coverage to be changed to match the orbital location. 
The satellite had a C-band global coverage horn, which provided coverage of the entire earth, for receive and transmission of two channels or repeaters.
The satellite also had two Ku-band steerable spot beams which could be moved to cover any specific area on the earth, and could be re-pointed as needed. The Ku-band spot beams provide both receive and transmit capability.
TC&R.
The telemetry, tracking and control (TT&C), or telemetry, command and ranging (TC&R) subsystem is used to receive spacecraft control commands sent from ground control stations, send telemetry from the satellite subsystems to ground receivers, and support tracking and ranging of the satellite by ground stations.
The Intelsat VI satellites used C-band for the TC&R subsystem, and a pair of omni-directional antennas were mounted on a deploy-able boom.
Launch.
Via Ariane 4.
When launched by the Ariane 4 the satellite would be mounted to a SPELDA adapter (a satellite payload carrier system), which is mounted on the top of the Ariane 4 rocket. A protective shroud or fairing covers the satellite and upper stage and protects it from aerodynamic forces (high speed air flow) during launch. The fairing is jettisoned when the rocket has reached the upper atmosphere and the aerodynamic forces are no longer significant. When the upper stage has finished firing and is coasting, the upper stage (and satellite) was spun up to 5 rpm prior to release of the satellite. This provides initial stability for the satellite after release from the rocket upper stage. The Ariane 4 put the Intelsat VI satellites directly into a transfer orbit. Ground commands would fire the apogee engines for circularizing of the initial orbit and stabilization at the desired geostationary orbital location. Ground commands would then also be used to command the satellite to spin up to its normal spin rate.
Via U.S. Space Shuttle.
When launched by the U.S. Space Shuttle a solid propellant perigee stage (motor and carrier) would be attached to the bottom of the spacecraft. This carrier was used to mount the satellite into a cradle in the Space Shuttle cargo bay. The satellite was ejected from the space shuttle "Frisbee-style" which imparted a stabilizing spin to the satellite. The satellite was allowed to drift a safe distance from the space shuttle before the perigee motor was fired. The perigee motor provided energy (velocity) to the satellite to raise the apogee of the satellite's orbit; it is named for the location in the orbit at which it is used. The perigee motor was jettisoned after it was used. The liquid fuel apogee engines of the Intelsat VI satellites were then used to boost the perigee of the satellite and provide orbit circularization through apogee burns.
On station.
Upon arrival on station (assigned geostationary orbital location) and after correct orientation, the payload (and antenna) section of the satellite would be de-spun and pointed at the desired location on the earth, the solar array would be deployed, and the communications antenna would be deployed.
Intelsat 603.
Intelsat 603 was launched by a Commercial Titan III on 14 March 1990. The separation of the upper (second) stage from the satellite failed. This left the satellite and the upper stage attached to each other, and Intelsat was unable to fire the perigee motor to boost the satellite to its higher orbit. Intelsat flight controllers jettisoned the perigee motor which detached the satellite from the Titan upper stage. However without the perigee motor the satellite could not be boosted to its nominal geostationary orbit. The on-board propulsion system was used to move the satellite into a slightly higher stable orbit. 
Intelsat arranged for a rescue of 603 by the US Space Shuttle. STS-49 was launched on May 7, 1992, 7:40 p.m. EDT. Three of the shuttle astronauts successfully captured the satellite by hand on May 14, 1992, after several failed attempts using a capture bar. After being secured in the shuttle cargo bay, a new perigee kick motor was installed. Intelsat 603 was released from the shuttle and the perigee kick motor was successfully ignited and 603 was placed into the proper geostationary orbit.
Intelsat VI Model.
A 1/2 scale model is on display in the main lobby of the Intelsat Headquarters building, which is located at 3400 International Drive NW, Washington DC 20008. There are other Intelsat satellites models displayed, along with models of several rockets that have been used to launch Intelsat satellites.

</doc>
<doc id="20242418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242418" title="Gilbert Kalish">
Gilbert Kalish

Gilbert Kalish (born July 2, 1935) is an American pianist. 
He was born in New York and studied with Leonard Shure, Julius Hereford and Isabelle Vengerova. He was a founding member of the Contemporary Chamber Ensemble, a pioneering new music group that flourished during the 1960s and '70s. He was a pianist of the Boston Symphony Chamber Players from 1969 to 1998.
He is noted for his partnerships with other artists, particularly his thirty-year collaboration with mezzo-soprano Jan DeGaetani, but also including cellists Timothy Eddy and Joel Krosnick, and soprano Dawn Upshaw. 
Kalish is Leading Professor and Head of Performance Activities at the State University of New York at Stony Brook. From 1968 to 1997 he was a faculty member of the Tanglewood Music Center and served as the "Chairman of the Faculty" at Tanglewood from 1985-1997. He has also served on the faculties of the Banff Centre and the Steans Institute at Ravinia, and is renowned for his master class presentations
Kalish has a large discography, encompassing classical repertory, 20th-century masterworks and new compositions. These include his solo recordings of Charles Ives' Concord Sonata and sonatas of Joseph Haydn, vocal music with Jan DeGaetani and landmarks of the 20th century by composers such as Elliott Carter, George Crumb, Ralph Shapey and Arnold Schoenberg. He made the world premiere recordings of Charles Ives’ "Largo for Violin and Piano", "In Re Con Moto et al.", "Largo Risoluto" No. 1 & 2, "A Set of Three Short Pieces" (mvts: Largo cantabile: Hymn, Scherzo: Holding Your Own, Adagio cantabile: The Innate) and songs "The All-Enduring", "The Innate", and "Song (She is not fair)".
Kalish has given many first performances, and has had many works written for him. He gave the first solo piano recital in the newly renovated Miller Theatre at Columbia University. He has received many honours, including three Grammy Award nominations. In 1995 he was presented with the Paul Fromm Award by the University of Chicago Music Department for distinguished service to the music of our time.

</doc>
<doc id="20242421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242421" title="Foreign Affairs Committee">
Foreign Affairs Committee

Foreign Affairs Committee may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20242435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242435" title="Milan Janić">
Milan Janić

Milan Janić (; June 14, 1957 in Bačka Palanka - January 1, 2003 in Belgrade) was a Serbian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s for Yugoslavia. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the K-1 1000 m event at Los Angeles in 1984.
Janić also won six medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with three golds (K-1 10000 m: 1978, 1979, 1982) and three silvers (K-1 1000 m: 1978, K-1 1000 m: 1981, 1983).
Three of his children are also accomplished canoers: Nataša Janić, Mićo Janić and Stjepan Janić.

</doc>
<doc id="20242449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242449" title="Pashalik of Yanina">
Pashalik of Yanina

The Pashalik of Yanina or Janina (1788–1822) was a subdivision of the Ottoman Empire centred on the region of Epirus and had a high degree of autonomy in the early 19th century under Ali Pasha, although it was never recognized as such by the Ottoman empire. Its core was the Ioannina Eyalet, centred on the city of Ioannina in southern Epirus, but at its peak it comprised most of Albania and the western portions of Thessaly and Greek Macedonia in Northern Greece.
History.
In 1787 Ali Pasha was awarded the pashaluk of Trikala in reward for his support for the sultan's war against Austria. This was not enough to satisfy his ambitions; shortly afterwards, in 1788, he seized control of Ioánnina, which remained his power base for the next 33 years. Like other semi-autonomous regional leaders that emerged in that time, such as Osman Pazvantoğlu, he took advantage of a weak Ottoman government to expand his territory still further until he gained "de facto" control of most of Southern Albania, western Greece and the Peloponnese, either directly or through his sons.
Ali's policy as ruler of Ioánnina was governed by little more than simple expediency; he operated as a semi-independent despot and allied himself with whoever offered the most advantage at the time. In order to gain a seaport on the Ionian coast Ali formed an alliance with Napoleon I of France who had established Francois Pouqueville as his general consul in Ioánnina. After the Treaty of Tilsitt where Napoleon granted the Czar his plan to dismantle the Ottoman Empire, Ali switched sides and allied with the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in 1807. His machinations were permitted by the Ottoman government in Constantinople for a mixture of expediency – it was deemed better to have Ali as a semi-ally than as an enemy – and weakness, as the central government did not have enough strength to oust him at that time.
The poet George Gordon Byron, 6th Baron Byron visited Ali's court in Ioánnina in 1809 and recorded the encounter in his work "Childe Harold". He evidently had mixed feelings about the despot, noting the splendour of Ali's court and the Greek cultural revival that he had encouraged in Ioánnina, which Byron described as being "superior in wealth, refinement and learning" to any other Greek town. In a letter to his mother, however, Byron deplored Ali's cruelty: "His Highness is a remorseless tyrant, guilty of the most horrible cruelties, very brave, so good a general that they call him the Mahometan Buonaparte ... but as barbarous as he is successful, roasting rebels, etc.."
In 1820, Ali ordered the assassination of a political opponent in Constantinople. The reformist Sultan Mahmud II, who sought to restore the authority of the Sublime Porte, took this opportunity to move against Ali by ordering his deposition. Ali refused to resign his official posts and put up a formidable resistance to Ottoman troop movements, indirectly helping the Greek Independence as some 20,000 Turkish troops were fighting Ali's formidable army.On 4 December 1820 Ali Pasha and the Souliotes formed an anti-Ottoman coalition, in which the Souliotes contributed 3,000 soldiers. Ali Pasha gained the support of Souliotes mainly because he offered to allow the return of the Souliotes in their land and partially because of Ali's appeal based on shared Albanian origin. Initially the coalition was successful and managed to control most of the region, but when the Muslim Albanian troops of Ali Pasha were informed of the beginning of the Greek revolts in the Morea they abandoned it. In January 1822, however, Ottoman agents assassinated Ali Pasha and sent his head to the Sultan. After his death, the pashalik ceased to exist and was merged with Pashalik of Berat for creating again Janina Vilayet with Sanjak of Ioannina, Sanjak of Berat, Gjirokastër and Preveza.

</doc>
<doc id="20242486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242486" title="Gambling in Omaha, Nebraska">
Gambling in Omaha, Nebraska

Gambling in Omaha, Nebraska has been significant throughout the city's history. From its founding in the 1850s through the 1930s, the city was known as a "wide-open" town, meaning that gambling of all sorts was accepted either openly or in closed quarters. By the mid-20th century, Omaha reportedly had more illicit gambling per capita than any other city in the nation. From the 1930s through the 1970s, the city's gambling was controlled by an Italian criminal element. 
Today, gambling in Omaha is limited to limited keno and slot machines, leaving Omahans to drive across the Missouri River to Council Bluffs, Iowa, where casinos are legal and there are numerous gambling businesses operating. Recently, a controversial proposal by the Ponca tribe of Nebraska was approved by the National Indian Gaming Commission. It will allow the tribe to build a casino in Carter Lake, Iowa, which sits geographically on the west side of the Missouri River, adjacent to Omaha, where casinos are illegal.
19th century.
After its founding in 1854, pioneer Omaha became the "Gateway to the West," as an essential stopping, restocking and "jumping off" point for settlers, hunters and miners traveling to the Western United States. The city quickly became notorious for its early gambling, with an early observer remarking that, "Omaha was known from ocean to ocean with cards, dice, or whatever you wanted to gamble with." The city had an early history as a "wide open" town where gambling was accepted, along with prostitution, drugs and rampant alcohol use. In 1873, "it seemed that ever lying, cheating, four-flushing, double-dealing, card-sharping, counterfeiting scoundrel who did not already hold high public office was setting up shop in the streets of Omaha." The Burnt District was an early site for much of the city's illicit activity, including gambling. Dan Allen was a pioneer gambler in Omaha who had great influence throughout the young city. He was the long-time companion of Anna Wilson, the city's foremost madam for almost 40 years. Dan Allen ran a gambling house, saloon and pawn shop for more than a dozen years. The notorious Canada Bill Jones worked the trains from Omaha to Kansas City, Missouri in the 1870s. An 1887 law by the Nebraska State Legislature banned gambling houses in the city, driving many gamblers underground. 
Starting in the 1880s, Omaha's Irish crime lord and political boss Tom Dennison created a powerful political machine that controlled all gambling, liquor and prostitution schemes in Omaha for almost 50 years. Dennison consolidated much of his operation in Omaha's Sporting District, which in addition to numerous gambling institutions, was home to "The Cribs", which were notorious prostitution houses. Jack Broomfield, a close associate of Dennison's, was a leader of the African American community in Omaha in the early 20th century. He ran the Midway, a nationally known saloon and gambling hall at 1124 Capitol Avenue near the notorious Sporting District. Another establishment in the Sporting District was the Diamond Gambling House located at 1312 Douglas Street. The "Big Four" Omaha gamblers in 1887, Charles Bibbins, H.B. Kennedy, Charles White and Jack Morrison, operated the facility until 1893, when it was closed by the City.
The Knights of Ak-Sar-Ben was formed in 1895 in an attempt to keep the Nebraska State Fair in Omaha after receiving an ultimatum to provide entertainment "other than saloons, gambling houses and honky tonks." Their horse racing institution, called Ak-Sar-Ben, is credited with "legitimizing legalized gambling" in Omaha.
According to "The New York Times", gamblers and representatives of gambling houses formed a syndicate which offered the organizers of the 1898 Trans-Mississippi Exposition $10,000 to allow the creation of several elaborate gambling houses on the site of the Expo. The organizers turned it down; however, development likely still happened.
20th century to present.
After Tom Dennison died in the early 1930s, the city's criminal gambling element came under control of Italian American mobsters. Anthony Marcella became boss of Omaha's crime organization, including gambling, around in 1931. In 1959, he was convicted on charges of narcotics and tax evasion. Anthony Joseph Biase was the next boss, lasting only until the next year when he was sentenced to 15 years in prison. Afterwards, he maintained a low profile, and was never indicted again.
In the 1930s and 40s, Carter Lake became a gambling hot spot, as law enforcement was limited and because of its important location. At The Chez Paree, you "could listen to Sophie Tucker, have the best prime rib in town and enjoy a gambling raid or two." Patrons could "bet on any horse race in the United States," and the business was described as "the most active casino between Chicago and the West Coast.
The liberalization of Iowa gambling laws in the late 1980s was followed by the opening of the Bluffs Run Greyhound Park in 1986. By 2005, Council Bluffs was the 19th largest casino market in the U.S., with revenue equaling nearly $434 million. Today, the city's Ameristar Casino is Iowa's largest riverboat.
In 2004, Omaha state Senator Ernie Chambers and local U.S. Representative Tom Osborne co-authored an editorial opposing a set of initiatives that would have allowed casino gambling and slot machines in Nebraska. 

</doc>
<doc id="20242506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242506" title="Ian Moore (album)">
Ian Moore (album)

Ian Moore is the eponymous debut album by Ian Moore and was released in 1993 (see 1993 in music).
Track listing.
All songs by Ian Moore, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20242526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242526" title="Battle formations at Yungay">
Battle formations at Yungay


</doc>
<doc id="20242530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242530" title="WBKO-DT2">
WBKO-DT2

WBKO-DT2 is the Fox-affiliated television station for South Central Kentucky. The station is a second digital subchannel of ABC affiliate WBKO owned by Gray Television. Over-the-air, it broadcasts a standard definition digital signal on VHF channel 13.2 from a transmitter along KY 185/Richardsville Road in unincorporated Northern Warren County. WBKO-DT2 can also be seen on Insight channel 8 and in high definition on digital channel 910. Syndicated programming on the station includes "How I Met Your Mother", "New Adventures of Old Christine", "Everybody Loves Raymond", and "Judge Joe Brown" among others. Overnight, it airs Jewelry Television. WBKO-DT2's parent station has studios on US 68/KY 80/Russellville Road in Bowling Green along the William H. Natcher Parkway. 
History.
South Central Kentucky's original Fox affiliate was WNKY from 1992 until 2001 when that station switched to NBC. From that point until the launch of WBKO-DT2 on September 5, 2006, WZTV in Nashville, Tennessee served as Bowling Green's default affiliate on cable and over-the-air (in some locations). As a result of the addition of WBKO-DT2 and CBS on WNKY-DT2, Bowling Green now offers every major broadcast network except MyNetworkTV and Ion Television. On December 8, 2008 at 1:15 in the morning, WBKO shut down its analog signal in a flash-cut procedure. This allowed the station to begin the process of installing a new digital antenna and other equipment. 
Originally, WBKO digital signal was scheduled to move to VHF channel 13 on or immediately after December 22. However, due to inclement weather and the holiday season, the construction took longer than anticipated with eight more days of construction resuming on January 3, 2009. Due to the installation of the equipment at the transmitter site, the digital signal (on UHF channel 33) was off-the-air during daytime hours so that installation work could be completed. Until the completion of the over-the-air transition, WBKO and this Fox subchannel were seen non-stop on several area cable systems. 
According to Weather Director Chris Allen's official Facebook page on May 20, 2010, he posted Dish Network was in the process of adding WBKO's main signal and Fox subchannel to its system (the actual addition occurred June 3). Viewers living in Warren, Butler, Hart, Edmonson, Barren, and Metcalfe Counties in South Central Kentucky are eligible to switch to Bowling Green local stations. This was made possible by the Satellite Television Extension and Localism Act of 2010 signed into law by President Barack Obama the week prior. WBKO and other local Bowling Green stations are still unavailable on DirecTV at this time.
Newscasts.
On October 21, 2007, WBKO-DT2 began airing a thirty-minute prime time newscast on weeknights known as "WBKO Fox News at 9". Sarah Goebel originally anchored the show until early-2008 when she was promoted to WBKO's main weeknight broadcasts. After this, Daniel Kemp was the news anchor until early-June when he moved to the weekend newscasts on the main channel. Julie Talley would host the prime time broadcast for a short time in mid-2008 after which reporter and internet producer Sam Provenzano anchored the show until its cancellation. "WBKO Fox News at 9" stopped airing on November 28, 2008 as a result of financial issues. WBKO-DT2 continues to replay "MidDay Live" tapped delayed weekdays at noon. The broadcast features news anchor Hayley Harmon and Weather Director Chris Allen.

</doc>
<doc id="20242537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242537" title="M115 bomb">
M115 bomb

The M115 anti-crop bomb, also known as the feather bomb or the E73 bomb, was a U.S. biological cluster bomb designed to deliver wheat stem rust.
History.
Mass production of the M115 bomb began in 1953. The weapon was a modified M16A1 cluster bomb, which was normally used to distribute airborne leaflet propaganda or fragmentation weapons. The U.S. Air Force first pointed out the need for an anti-crop weapon in September 1947. In October 1950 the Air Force began procuring 4,800 M115 bombs. By 1954, with the biological agents causing wheat and rye rust standardized in laboratory culture, the U.S. Air Force prepared to transfer the agent to some 4,800 of the M115s. The deployment of the M115 represented the United States' first, though limited, anti-crop biological warfare (BW) capability. Though the weapon was tested at Fort Detrick, in Frederick, Maryland, it was never used in combat.
Specifications.
The M115 was a bomb that was converted from a leaflet bomb and to be used to deliver wheat stem rust. Wheat stem rust culture consisted of a dry particulate matter which was adhered to a light-weight vector, usually feathers. Because of its method of dissemination, the bomb was commonly referred to as the "feather bomb". The feathers would fall over a wide area when released. The M115 was shown to establish 100,000 foci of infection over a area.
Tests involving the M115.
According to a 1950 military report the M115 was tested in an area long and wide. The area consisted of plots sown with the Overland variety of oats, susceptible to the test agent, "Puccinia graminis avenae", but not to other strains of cereal rust. The test drops of the M115 showed that, from an altitude of , feathers could be spread over an area of . Three M115 feather bombs were dropped

</doc>
<doc id="20242549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242549" title="Hawk Hill">
Hawk Hill

Hawk Hill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20242561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242561" title="Mariela González">
Mariela González

Mariela González Torres (born 5 April 1974) is a female marathon runner from Cuba, who won the gold medal in the women's marathon at the 2007 Pan American Games. She represented her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, finishing in 59th place.
Career.
She won the 2000 edition of the Havana International Marathon and went on to take the half marathon gold medal at the 2001 Central American and Caribbean Championships in Athletics. She won the Madrid Marathon twice consecutively in 2001 and 2002. She took the silver medal in the marathon at the 2003 Pan American Games, finishing behind Márcia Narloch of Brazil. She set a championship record of 2:36.51 at the second National Cuban Olympics. With the half marathon removed from the programme, she entered the 10,000 metres at the 2005 CAC Championships and was the runner-up behind compatriot Yudelkis Martínez.

</doc>
<doc id="20242568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242568" title="1994 ATP Tour World Championships – Singles">
1994 ATP Tour World Championships – Singles

Pete Sampras won in the final 4–6, 6–3, 7–5, 6–4 against Boris Becker.
Seeds.
<ol start="5">
<li> Boris Becker "(Final)
<li> Michael Chang "(Round Robin)
<li> Alberto Berasategui "(Round Robin)
<li> Stefan Edberg "(Round Robin)
Draw.
White Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Red Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="20242587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242587" title="Georgeta Gabor">
Georgeta Gabor

Georgeta Gabor (born January 10, 1962) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast. She is an Olympic silver medalist with the team.

</doc>
<doc id="20242611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242611" title="Crystal Springs Creek">
Crystal Springs Creek

Crystal Springs Creek, a tributary of Johnson Creek, flows entirely within the city of Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. The stream rises from springs near the Reed College campus in the southeastern part of the city and runs generally southwest to meet Johnson Creek in the Portland neighborhood of Sellwood. 
The creek's even flow and cool year-round temperature make it a good place for fish, including Coho and Chinook salmon and steelhead trout, all of which are threatened species. The stream has been designated critical habitat under the Endangered Species Act. To improve the habitat, the city is replacing old culverts that impede fish passage, and Reed College is working to improve habitat and fish passage near the headwaters at Reed Lake.
Course.
From Reed Lake and Blue Bridge on the Reed College campus, the stream flows west under Southeast 28th Avenue, then south around Crystal Springs Lake and the Crystal Springs Rhododendron Garden, which are on the left bank. Flowing south through the Eastmoreland Golf Course, the creek receives the overflow from Crystal Springs Lake. Further downstream, Crystal Springs Creek flows southwest under the tracks of the Union Pacific Railroad and Oregon Route 99E (Southeast McLoughlin Boulevard). Turning sharply south again, the stream passes through residential neighborhoods, Westmoreland Park, and Johnson Creek Park, where it meets Johnson Creek. About further downstream, Johnson Creek empties into the Willamette River above its confluence with the Columbia River.

</doc>
<doc id="20242630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242630" title="HMS Ness">
HMS Ness

Two vessels of the British Royal Navy have been named HMS "Ness" after the Scottish River Ness:

</doc>
<doc id="20242651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242651" title="IGeoSIT">
IGeoSIT

iGeoSIT, the Interim Geo-Spatial Intelligence Tool, is a situational awareness tool developed by the NATO Communications and Information Agency (NCIA) used widely within NATO.

</doc>
<doc id="20242666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242666" title="Morton Mower">
Morton Mower

Dr. Morton Mower is an American cardiologist and the co-inventor of the automatic implantable cardioverter defibrillator. He has served in several professional capacities at Sinai Hospital and Cardiac Pacemakers Inc. In 1996, he became the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mower Research Associates. He was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame in 2002 for the development of the automatic implantable cardioverter defibrillator with Michel Mirowski in the 1970s. He now continues his research in the biomechanical engineering laboratories at Johns Hopkins University.
Early life.
Mower was born in Baltimore and raised in Frederick, Maryland. His father was a shoe repairman and his mother raised three children. During his summers while in grade school, Mower worked at his Uncle Sam’s salt-water bathhouses in Atlantic City. Shortly thereafter, he became a salesman at his uncle’s toy store on the Atlantic City boardwalk.
When Mower was 15 years old, his uncle fell ill and a family physician made frequent house calls to treat Mower's uncle. Mower was inspired by the outstanding quality of patient care the family physician provided. As a result, Mower applied to Johns Hopkins University to pursue medical studies.
Education.
Mower graduated from the Krieger School of Arts and Sciences at Johns Hopkins University in 1955. He then graduated from the University of Maryland School of Medicine in 1959. From 1963 to 1965, he served as a captain and Chief of Medicine in the Medical Corps of the United States Army in Bremerhaven, Germany. After returning from Germany, he served his residency and a fellowship in cardiology at Sinai Hospital.
Career.
During his fellowship at Sinai Hospital in 1966, Mower was named co-investigator of a coronary drug project. Then in 1969, he started work on an implantable heart defibrillator with Michel Mirowski, an Israeli physician.
Throughout the 1970s and 1980s, Mower served in several capacities at Sinai Hospital. He was a research associate in the Cardiopulmonary Laboratory, Acting Administrative Director of the Division of Cardiology, Acting Chief of Cardiology, and Chief of Cardiology. Mower also held the positions of Secretary-Treasurer, Vice-President, and President of the Medical Staff at Sinai Hospital.
Medical Licenses.
Mower is a licensed cardiologist in Maryland, Colorado, and Minnesota. He is Board
Certified in Internal Medicine and Cardiovascular Diseases.
Professorships.
Mower has served as Instructor in Medicine, Assistant Professor, Associate Professor, and Visiting Associate Professor of Medicine at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. He has also served as Professor of Physiology and Biophysics at Howard University School of Medicine in Washington, D.C.
Private Sector.
In 1989, Mower became Vice President of Medical Science at Cardiac Pacemakers Inc. in St. Paul, Minnesota. While at Cardiac Pacemakers, he designed and executed studies in medical education. From 1995 to 1996, he was a senior consultant for Guidant Corporation, a branch of Boston Scientific that manufactures cardiovascular medical products. In 1996, he became chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mower Research Associates in Baltimore, Maryland.
Inventions.
Mower’s most notable invention is the automatic implantable cardioverter defibrillator (AICD). Mower holds 26 patents, which includes one for a special ski boot that helps skiers make sharp turns.
Automatic Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator (AICD).
The AICD was an implantable defibrillator that served as a substitute to portable defibrillators for patients with chronic cardiac problems. The AICD performs the same function as the portable defibrillator developed by Prof. Frank Pantridge in Belfast in the 1960s.
Skepticism.
Several cardiology experts doubted the AICD's potential for clinical success. In 1972 Bernard Lown, the inventor of the external defibrillator, wrote in the journal "Circulation", "The very rare patient who has frequent bouts of ventricular fibrillation is best treated in a coronary care unit and is better served by an effective antiarrhythmic program or surgical correction of inadequate coronary blood flow or ventricular malfunction. In fact, the implanted defibrillator system represents an imperfect solution in search of a plausible and practical application."
Inventors.
Marlin Stephen Heilman, Alois A. Langer, Morton Mower, and Michel Mirowski were the first physicians to jointly develop the automatic implantable cardioverter defibrillator.
Dr. Michel Mirowski was inspired to develop the device after the death of his mentor, Dr. Harry Heller. Heller was the director of medicine at the Israeli hospital at which Mirowski had completed his residency. While serving his fellowship at Johns Hopkins University, Mirowski discovered that Heller had suffered an attack of ventricular fibrillation. Heller died several weeks after his first attack because he refused to remain under observation in a hospital.
Heller’s death prompted Mirowski to begin work on an implantable defibrillator for patients in need of continuous heart monitoring. In 1968, Mirowski, then the director of the Coronary Care Unit at Sinai Hospital, met Mower, the chief of medicine in the Coronary Care Unit. In 1973, Mirowski and Mower partnered with Heilman, the founder of Medrad, a medical device company, to develop a working prototype of the implantable defibrillator. Alois Langer was also involved in the development of the AICD because he held extensive knowledge in the field of electrocardiograph signal analysis.
Concept.
Normally, the heart’s pacemaker regulates the contraction of the heart’s ventricles. Ventricular fibrillation and ventricular tachycardia occur when there are irregularities in the electrical signals from the pacemaker, causing the heart’s ventricles to contract abnormally and preventing blood from circulating throughout the body. Ventricular fibrillation and tachycardia can lead to sudden cardiac death if not treated immediately.
An implantable defibrillator is a device implanted under the skin through an incision in the shoulder. Leads from the implanted defibrillator pass through a vein into the heart. The leads are attached to electrodes that monitor the electrical activity in the heart. When irregular electrical activity is detected in the heart, the defibrillator delivers a shock to restore normal electrical activity.
The automatic implantable cardioverter defibrillator is the size of a deck of cards and weighs nine ounces. Although these devices have become smaller since they were first patented, the technology from the original patent has not been replaced by new technology. The AICD patent (U.S. Patent 4,202,340), issued on May 13, 1980, is entitled “Method and Apparatus for Monitoring Heart Activity, Detecting Abnormalities, and Cardioverting a Malfunctiong Heart.”
First Human Implantation.
Despite the lack of financial backing and grants, Mower and his team of physicians developed a working AICD by 1980. Dr. Levi Watkins, Jr. implanted the first AICD in a human patient in February 1980. At the time of the implantation, Mirowski and Mower had demonstrated that the device was effective in canines. The operating room at Johns Hopkins Hospital in which the first operation took place was crowded with onlookers. Mower recalled, “It was the talk of the whole hospital that these crazy guys are going to put in an automatic defibrillator. If something had gone awry, we would have never lived it down.”
After the device was implanted, physicians induced a cardiac arrhythmia in the patient and the AICD was successful in restoring normal electrical activity to the heart. The patient, a resident of California, died from unrelated causes 10 years after the surgery was completed.
Commercial Success.
The AICD received approval from the Food and Drug Administration in 1985. Eli Lilly and Co. commercialized the device and began marketing it in the late 1980s.
From 1980 to 1985, over 800 patients were treated with automatic implantable cardioverter defibrillators. By 1988, nearly 5,000 people had benefited from the device. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has estimated that 416,000 AICDs were implanted between 1990 and 2002 in the United States. The device is now implanted in over 300,000 people worldwide and is 99% effective in correcting heart rhythm abnormalities and cardiac arrest. United States Vice President Dick Cheney received an implantable defibrillator in 2002.
Improvements to the Original Design.
Cardiac Pacemakers, Inc. (CPI), which has since become Guidant, acquired the rights to the AICD in May 1985. The first AICD was five times larger and three times heavier than Guidant's latest implantable defibrillators. In the 1980s, Mower improved his original defibrillator by redesigning the AICD to administer resynchronization therapy.
Professional Organizations.
Mower is a member of a multitude of professional organizations.
Awards.
In 2002, Mower was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame in Akron, Ohio, for his involvement in the invention of the AICD.
In 1991, he received the Space Technology Hall of Fame Recognition Award and the Michel Mirowski Award of Excellence in the Field of Clinical Cardiology and Electrophysiology. In 2004 he received the first Career Achievement Award from Chiang Mai University in Thailand.
In 2001, he was the recipient of the University of Maryland Medical Alumni Association’s Honor Award & Gold Key.
Mower is currently a member of the Mirowski Committee that selects the recipient of the annual Mirowski Award for Excellence in Clinical Cardiology and Electrophysiology.
Personal life.
Family.
Mower married Tobia Kurland on September 23, 1965, and they have two children, Mark and Robin Sara.
Social Involvement.
Mower has served on the Board of Jewish Recovery Houses, an organization that helps Jewish men and women in the early stages of recovery from alcohol and drug addiction. He served on the board of directors of House of Hope, a faith based recovery house for Jewish men, founded in 1994 by Baltimore community activists Jon and Ina Singer. Mower and his wife have also been very involved with Tova House, a recovery house for Jewish women, founded several years later by the Associated Jewish Charities of Baltimore and subsequently purchased from the Associated by House of Hope. The recovery houses use a 12-step program to rehabilitate drug and alcohol addicts. All residents are required to attend Friday Shabbat dinners. Mower explained, "The addicts felt put off that they had to go to churches for their AA meetings. It's a very self-destructive feeling. You're all alone.” 
Mower is also a member of the Jewish National Fund, Hadassah, and Ben Gurion University.
Art Collection.
Mower and his wife often put their extensive collection of art on exhibit at the Mattin Center at Johns Hopkins University.
Pieces in their collection include:
The Mowers endowed the Mattin Center’s drawing studio, which opened in 2001. Their home collection includes works by Degas, Pissarro, Sisley, Bonnard, Renoir, Picasso, Léger, and Warhol.
About his interest in art, Mower said, “For me collecting these etchings has been a unique opportunity to demystify some of the techniques of art and gain insight into those times. I’ve long been fascinated with modes of multiple reproductions—silkscreen, lithography, engraving. Etching was the photography of Rembrandt’s day. And he gives us a window into both the everyday life and cosmopolitan themes that captured his imagination.”
Political Contributions.
In 2008, Mower contributed $2,000 to the political action committee of Republican Andy Harris (U.S. Congress). In 2007, Mower contributed $2,600 to the political action committee of Republican Michael Steele (U.S. Congress). In 2000, Mower contributed $1,000 to the political action committee of Republican Paul Rappaport (U.S. Senate)
Hobbies.
Mower is an avid skier and offers informal ski lessons.
Current work.
Mower continues his research in the biomechanical engineering laboratories at Johns Hopkins University. His current work focuses on the correction of auricular fibrillation.
Legacy.
In celebration of the twenty-fifth anniversary of the first successful implantation of the automatic implantable cardioverter defibrillator, Sinai Hospital renamed the Sinai Medical Office Building on Belvedere Avenue in Baltimore the Morton Mower, M.D. Medical Office Building. Neil M. Meltzer, president and Chief Operating Officer of Sinai Hospital, said, “It is an honor, on behalf of the institution where their journey began, to salute the enduring legacy of Michel Mirowski, M.D., and Morton Mower, M.D. The research done here, at Sinai Hospital, by Mirowski and Mower has helped improve the quality of life for thousands of patients. The hospital continues to follow in their footsteps, providing the highest level of commitment to cardiology and medicine to its patients.”
Key Patents.
Method and apparatus for treating hemodynamic dysfunction
Method and Apparatus to Allow Cyclic Pacing at an Average Rate Just Above the Intrinsic Heart Rate so as to Maximize Inotropic Pacing Effects at Minimal Heart Rates
Cardioverting Device Having Single Intravascular Catheter Electrode System and Method for its Use
Cardiac Electrode with Attachment Fin
Atrial Sensing and Multiple Site Stimulation as Intervention Means for Atrial Fibrillation
Method and apparatus for correcting abnormal cardiac activity by low energy shocks
Low Energy Defibrillation Electrode
Antitachycardial Pacing
System and method for multiple site biphasic stimulation to revert ventricular arrhythmias
References.
Wickelgren, Ingrid. "New Devices are Helping Transform Coronary Care." "Science" 272 (1996): 668-70.
Wilson, Leslie, and Patricia G. Miller. "A Lifesaving Device." "The American Journal of Nursing" 86 (1986): 1004-007
External links.
[http://www.invent.org/Hall_Of_Fame/176.html National Inventors Hall of Fame Profile
[http://www.medicalalumni.org/bulletin/summer2001/alumni1.htm An Inquiring Mind for the Beating Heart - University of Maryland Medical Alumni Association
[http://www.jhu.edu/news/event07/apr07/popart.html Pop Art Prints to Be Displayed at Johns Hopkins April 12-30 – Headlines@Hopkins
[http://www.citypaper.com/arts/story.asp?id=9220 Remastered – Baltimore Citypaper
[http://www.danknassim.co.il/arrhythmia06/Bio_Morton.pdf 8th International Dead Sea Syposium
[http://www.mddailyrecord.com/events.cfm?fuseaction=eventDetail&eventID=1&winnerID=1766&pageContent=winnerBio Health Care Heroes - Maryland Daily Record
[http://www.lifebridgehealth.org/body.cfm?id=1099&action=detail&ref=184 Lifebridge Health: Sinai Hospital Celebrates 25th Anniversary
[http://www.invent.org/induction/video_2002.html National Inventors Hall of Fame 2002 Induction Ceremony Video
[http://www.ajlmagazine.com/archivesblog/2007/11/six-who-matter-life-saver.html American Jewish Life Magazine: Six Who Matter
[http://www.campaignmoney.com/political/contributions/morton-mower.asp?cycle=00 Morton Mower Political Campaign Contributions

</doc>
<doc id="20242738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242738" title="María Trujillo">
María Trujillo

María Trujillo Tenorio de Rios (born October 19, 1959) is a retired female marathon runner from Mexico, who later represented the United States. She won the gold medal in the women's marathon at the 1995 Pan American Games. She represented Mexico at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, finishing in 25th place.
Trujillo won the 1986 San Francisco Marathon.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20242754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242754" title="André Wohllebe">
André Wohllebe

André Wohllebe (born January 8, 1962 in Berlin) is an East German-German sprint canoer who competed from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won three medals with a gold (1992: K-4 1000 m) and two bronzes (1988: K-1 1000 m, K-4 1000 m)
Wohllebe also won eighteen medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with eight golds (K-2 500 m: 1983, K-2 1000 m: 1983, K-4 500 m: 1985, 1986, 1991; K-4 1000 m: 1993, K-4 10000 m: 1991, 1993), four silvers (K-2 1000 m: 1986, K-4 500 m: 1990, 1993; K-4 1000 m: 1991), and six bronzes (K-4 200 m: 1995, K-4 500 m: 1981, K-4 1000 m: 1985, 1989, 1990, 1994).

</doc>
<doc id="20242766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242766" title="Expendable (disambiguation)">
Expendable (disambiguation)

Expendable is a novel by James Alan Gardner.
Expendable may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20242780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242780" title="Thomas Miller (North Carolina)">
Thomas Miller (North Carolina)

Thomas Miller was colonial governor of North Carolina during the 1670s.
In 1676, Culpeper's Rebellion began when Miller "was captured by his opponents and 'enclosed in a Logghouse about 10 or 11 foot square purposely built for him.'"

</doc>
<doc id="20242785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242785" title="Bible Diet">
Bible Diet

The Bible Diet (also known as the Maker's Diet) is a diet promoted on radio and in books by writer and motivational speaker Jordan S. Rubin, who says it is based on teachings from the books of Leviticus and Deuteronomy and other books of the bible, that certain foods are either forbidden ("unclean") or acceptable ("clean") to God. Rubin also markets supplements associated with the diet through his two companies: Garden of Life, Inc. and Beyond Organic.
Rubin claims that the diet was responsible for his recovery from Crohn's disease at the age of 19. Growing up in a Messianic Jewish home, he knows how Jewish people eat. When he was diagnosed with Crohn's disease, he went to all kinds of doctors, and finally turned to the Bible. He went on a Jewish diet, and his body healed from the "uncureable" disease, as Crohn's disease is often called. Wanting to share his newfound knowledge, he wrote "The Maker's Diet", a book that explains his story and how to do it yourself. As of 2008, there are no peer-reviewed scientific journal articles that evaluate this diet. In 2004 the United States Food and Drug Administration ordered Rubin's company, Garden of Life, Inc., to stop making unsubstantiated claims about eight of its products and supplements.
The diet classifies food according to certain factors such as how the food was raised, cooked or cleaned; how a particular animal lived, such as if it was a so-called "creeping" animal or not; and its physical form, such as whether a certain fish had fins and scales or not. While the Bible diet is largely influenced by Jewish dietary law, the rules for determining clean and unclean foods are derived from certain passages from the Bible in the books of Genesis, Proverbs, Luke, Paul, Exodus, Peter, Leviticus, Judges, Deuteronomy, Isaiah, 1 Corinthians, Habakkuk, and Daniel.
In short features based on Rubin's book "The Maker's Diet" that aired on Christian radio in the United States, Rubin was previously promoted as a "Biblical Health Coach". As of September 2009 these features are titled "Take a Moment for Your Health" and he is instead listed as an author giving "lifestyle advice" based on his book.
Permitted foods.
The foods incorporated in this diet are organic vegetables, fruits and legumes. The diet also encourages the removal of unclean and unacceptable foods from the individual's diet. This natural, organic approach to eating suggests that one should only eat things created by God in the way they were intended. That means no processed foods or those produced with contact to hormones, pesticides or fertilizers. Rubin takes two of his main dietary laws from Leviticus. Leviticus (11:9-10) states that one should eat "whatsoever hath fins and scales in the waters" but not to eat "all that have not fins and scales in the seas." Rubin says that this means that fish with scales are intended to be eaten, such as salmon and trout, but smooth fish such as catfish and eels should not be eaten. It also means that crustaceans with hard shells such as lobsters, crabs, and clams are not to be eaten. The other main dietary law taken from The Bible is also taken from Leviticus (11:3 and 11:7-8). Here The Bible says that man should eat "whatsoever parteth the hoof, and is clovenfooted, and cheweth the cud". Man should not eat "the swine, though he divide the hoof, and be cloven footed, yet he cheweth not the cud; he is unclean to you." This means that most animals can be eaten, such as cows, goats, and sheep because all these animals chew their cud. The dietary laws that Rubin derives from these passages are generally the same as the Kosher laws followed by Jewish people. In addition to the dietary laws taken directly from The Bible, Rubin believes in eating a variety of whole foods that have not been processed, or that have not been greatly processed. This generally means choosing foods like brown rice, which has not been processed much, over white rice, which is significantly processed. Rubin also believes that organic foods and meat from animals that were raised eating grass instead of wild grain is more in line with the foods man was intended to eat. Snacks are not mandated in this diet, but it is advised to feel free to snack on the foods listed as acceptable.
The types of foods that can be eaten include:
The types of animals that can be eaten include:
Prohibited foods.
Phase One of the Bible diet restricts foods high in carbohydrates such as grains, pastas, breads, sugar, potatoes, corn, beans, and legumes. Although the people on the diet consumed foods containing carbohydrates, they were of high quality and less processed.
Phase One restricts meats such as pork, bacon, ostrich, ham, sausages, emu and imitation meat. Fish and sea foods such as fried fish, breaded fish, eel, shark, crab, clams, oyster, mussels, lobster, shrimp, scallops, and craw fish are prohibited. Poultry such as fried chicken and breaded chicken is restricted. Phase one inhibits luncheon meats such as ham, roast beef, and corned beef. Imitation eggs are restricted. Fats and oils such as lard, shortening, sunflower oil, cotton seed oil, margarine, soy oil, corn oil, and any partially hydrogenated oil may not be consumed. Nuts and seeds such as honey-roasted nuts, or seeds dry or roasted in oil are prohibited. Condiments, and seasonings such as all spices that contain added sugar, commercial ketchup with sugar and barbecue sauce with sugar may not be consumed. All fruits except berries, grapefruit, limes, and lemons must be avoided. Beverages such as alcohol, fruit juices, sodas, chlorinated tap water, and pre-ground commercial coffee are not allowed. All grains and starchy foods including pasta cereal, pastries, and baked goods must be avoided. Sweeteners such as sugar, heated honey and all artificial sweeteners are forbidden. Milk or whey protein powder from cow's milk, soy protein powder and rice protein powder are restricted.
Phases of the Diet.
The diet is divided into three phases over a 40 day period and broken into three levels: basic, intermediate, and advanced. According to Rubin, the dieter should choose a beginning phase based on their overall starting health and their desired improvements. The chief purpose of the diet is to achieve optimal health by means of nutrition and spirituality.
Prayer, Purpose and "Partial-fast" days.
The diet begins and ends each day with prayers of thanksgiving, healing, and petition. The individual should perform exercises of "Life Purpose" for two to five minutes before the day gets too stressful. The exercise should be used as a time of alignment and reflection with realignment cycles taking place every ninety minutes. Rubin recommends that one day per week in each phase, a partial fast day is taken to allow the body to cleanse and rebuild. On these partial fast days, breakfast and lunch should not be consumed, although, if supplements are being taken, they should still be consumed. Fluid consumption is crucial during these days especially raw vegetables juices and pure water. To achieve the utmost spiritual benefits from the partial fast days, it is suggested to pray each time hunger is experienced.
Daily regimens.
The daily regimens help the dieter keep track of their diet while concurrently providing guidelines to achieve optimum results. It consists of morning and evening prayers, regular consumption of breakfast, lunch and dinner, morning and evening exercise, good hygiene practices and the consumption of cleansing drinks. The hygiene factor involves eliminating germs and aromatherapy practices in the morning and evening. The cleansing drink is a mixture of two tablespoons of a whole-food fiber blend and 1-2 tablespoons of a green superfood blend in 8 to 12 ounces of purified water or diluted vegetable juice, shaken vigorously and consumed immediately. The regimen also insists that the dieter be in bed before 10:30 p.m. every night.
Phase One.
The diet begins with Phase One, which encompasses the first two weeks of the diet (days 1-14). Phase One is designed to stabilize insulin and blood sugar while reducing inflammation and infection, enhancing digestion and helping to balance the hormones in the body. This phase restricts disaccharide-rich carbohydrate foods such as grains, pastas, breads, sugar, potatoes, corn, beans, and legumes. The object of this, according to Rubin, is to achieve a detoxifying effect while simultaneously improving the overall health and helping to manage the individual's weight in a healthy manner. This phase should greatly reduce the risk of incurring disease by effectively helping the body reduce insulin sensitivity and balancing the omega-3/omega-6 ratio. Since Phase One is designed to correct harmful imbalances, it must temporally limit healthy, high sugar foods such as fruits, whole grains, and honey while allowing for the liberal consumption of protein foods, vegetables, and healthy oils. Phase one is considered the most difficult phase of the diet due to the commitment factors. Water intake should be increased and rest should be taken when necessary.
Phase Two.
Phase Two consists of weeks three to four (days 15-28). According to Rubin, digestion should have improved along with energy level. Weight loss will continue during this phase, but at a slower pace than Phase One.
Phase Three.
The final phase of the diet beings in the fifth week and continues for the duration that the individual maintains the diet (days 29-40 and beyond). It is considered to be the maintenance phase of the diet and is specifically designed to allow and encourage healthful eating of foods from each of the permitted groups. In this phase, healthy grains and foods higher in sugars and starches, such as potatoes, are reintroduced. Weight should stabilize in this phase and only key areas of the health scheme, such as overall body health, continue to improve. If one deviates from the diet, it is advised to go back to Phase One or Two for a week or two to get back into the flow of the diet.
Claimed benefits.
Rubin claims that his recommendations will enable dieters to concentrate better, and will enhance their moods. He also says that his diet can reduce arthritis pain and inflammation, and can reduce the risk of cancer and heart disease. He also says that it can reverse the "accelerated aging" caused by the way people eat and live today.
Scientific acceptance and criticism.
Jordan Rubin has been criticized because his education in nutrition is a degree in Naturopathic Medicine from the Peoples University of the Americas, which is not accredited by the Council on Naturopathic Medical Education nor licensed by the North American Board of Naturopathic Examiners, and a Ph.D. in Nutrition from the Academy of Natural Therapies, which is not accredited by the American Dietetic Association or other mainstream nutrition organizations.
As of 2008, there are no peer-reviewed scientific journal articles that evaluate the claims made by Rubin. In line with the general knowledge that exercise is beneficial for health, "The Gale Encyclopedia of Diets" praised the Bible diet for this aspect. It found, however, that the emphasis on organic foods is not directly supported by scientific evidence.
Another area of concern have been the supplements that are required or recommended for the Bible's diet program. These supplements are made by Rubin's company Garden of Life, Inc. In a letter dated May 11, 2004 the United States Food and Drug Administration ordered the company to stop making unsubstantiated claims about eight of its products and supplements. The claims were made in brochures, on labels, and in Rubin's book "Patient Heal Thyself".

</doc>
<doc id="20242786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242786" title="Energy and Climate Change Select Committee">
Energy and Climate Change Select Committee

The Energy and Climate Change Select Committee is a select committee of the House of Commons in the Parliament of the United Kingdom that came into existence on 1 January 2009.
Formation.
The House of Commons agreed to the committee's establishment on October 28, 2008, following the establishment of the Department of Energy and Climate Change on 3 October 2008. The remit of the committee is to examine the expenditure, administration and policy of the department, and any departmental bodies.
Membership.
As of 5 November 2012, the current members of the committee are as follows:
Source: Energy and Climate Change Committee
Changes.
Occasionally, the House of Commons orders changes to be made in terms of membership of select committees, as proposed by the Committee of Selection. Such changes are shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="20242836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242836" title="John B. Curtis">
John B. Curtis

John Bacon Curtis (October 10, 1827 – June 13, 1897) was an American businessman.
Early life.
Curtis attended the normal schools while growing up. He never graduated, but instead worked for the family and others to earn a living. He first was making five dollars a month, which was later increased to six and eventually he worked his way up to twenty-four dollars a month. In addition to being a farmhand he worked as a swamper - clearing underbrush and making roads through the woods.
Mid life.
Curtis came up with the idea of how practical it would be to make and spruce gum as a chewing gum. His family moved to Bangor in 1848, where there would be a better market for such a product. Over a Franklin stove in the Curtis home, they cooked up their first batch. The label they printed on their new product was "State of Maine Pure Spruce Gum." 
Curtis made a sufficient production of his gum and went to market it in Portland, Maine. He had made the first commercial production of chewing gum. For the first two days in Portland he had no luck in being able to sell the new product to merchants. The third day he finally made a sale to a merchant, however it was a hard sale. The business in Portland was very little in 1848 and 1849. Curtis decided then to become a traveling salesman starting in 1850 selling other products like patent medicine besides Curtis' Spruce Gum. His motto was "Give a man all you can for his money, while making a fair profit yourself." 
Curtis was quite ambitious and many times would travel well into the night just to get to the next town before his competition. This way then he had most of that town's business as the wholesale peddler - since the most active would get the principal patronage. The first year he traveled all throughout New England and had earned six thousand dollars. Eventually Curtis then advanced from being just a peddler to a commercial sales traveler and included the West into his territory. This meant to him the areas west of Maine as such regions as Pennsylvania, Ohio, Minnesota and Missouri. He traveled by water on the Erie Canal and down through the Mississippi River and Ohio River. He carried his supplies and took orders. He would even extend credit for as much as a year. In the United States he was one of the first, if not the very first commercial sales broker as a representative of an Eastern business marketing firm.
Curtis's father would attend to the making of the chewing gum product while Curtis himself would sell it during his sales travels. His father would have his men pick the gum from the trees. After a week or two of collecting the raw product they would bring it out of the woods to the Bangor factory for processing. The business did quite well and the fifteen square foot processing area became too small. They then moved their chewing gum business to larger facilities at Portland, Maine. A few pounds of raw material was adequate in their first years, however later they were buying up to ten tons of material at once. This was considered very risky. One day Curtis even purchased $35,000 worth of raw gum material, considered probably the largest transaction in that type of business ever made in the nineteenth century.
Curtis with his firm he held with his father, "Curtis & Son," had eventually increased the business where they were occupying a factory that was 51 x in size. The building was three stories high. They employed 200 people which turned out eighteen hundred boxes of chewing gum in a day. Curtis himself invented most of the machinery that was used in the automation process of the production of the chewing gum. He never took out a patent on any of his inventions. The firm instead kept secret their process of making chewing gum. Some of the spruce gums "Curtis & Son" made were under such names as "American Flag," "Yankee Spruce," "White Mountain;" "200 Lump Spruce," "Licorice Lulu," "Trunk Spruce", "Sugar Cream," "Four-in-Hand," and "Biggest and Best."
Later life.
Curtis in 1872 also went into the dredging business. He worked on jobs that were from $50,000 to a half a million dollars. He was successful at this business as well. He later even went into the business of ship building. He opened the Curtis shipyard and built ten large ships. He also owned the controlling interest in the ferry between Portland and South Portland and a line of steamers until 1896. Curtis was even in the silver and coal mining business in Maine. In 1880 Curtis was in the farming business on a grand scale near Gothenburg, Nebraska. Here he owned over where he raised Hereford cattle. 
Curtis bought in 1878 the largest and most expensively built house in Deering Center, Maine. During the last months of his life he took an interest in ancient Egypt and the pyramids. His creed was "do good."

</doc>
<doc id="20242841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242841" title="Albert Bregman">
Albert Bregman

Albert Stanley (Al) Bregman (born September 15, 1936) is a Canadian professor and researcher in experimental psychology, cognitive science, and Gestalt psychology, primarily in the perceptual organization of sound.
He is known for having defined and conceptually organized the field of Auditory scene analysis (ASA) in his 1990 book, "Auditory Scene Analysis: the perceptual Organization of Sound. (MIT Press)". His ideas about ASA have provided a new framework for research in the auditory systems of both humans and non-human animals, for behavioral and neurological studies of speech perception, for music theory, hearing aids, audio technology, and the separation of speech from other sounds by computers (CASA). In acknowledgement of these contributions, he has been called "the father of auditory scene analysis" 
He currently holds a post-retirement appointment at the rank of Emeritus Professor in the Department of Psychology at McGill University, where, upon his arrival in 1965, he became the first professor to teach Cognitive Psychology. He has also taught courses on Computer and Man, Research methods in Experimental Psychology, Learning Theory, Auditory Perception, Psychological Theory, and Honors research seminars.
Many of his McGill undergraduate students have gone on to make significant contributions to intellectual life. These include Steven Pinker, Adam Gopnik, Paul Bloom, Stevan Harnad, Alfonso Caramazza, Marcel Just, Stephen McAdams, Bruce Walker, Susan Pinker, Alexander I. Rudnicky, and Alison Gopnik. His graduate students have included, among others, Gary L. Dannenbring, Valter Ciocca, Howard Steiger, Martine Turgeon, Poppy A.C. Crum, Michael Mills (Communications), and James K. Wright (Music). Postdoctoral fellows in his laboratory have included Richard Parncutt and Brian Roberts.
Biography.
Biographical details are based on Bregman's CV, given on his website.
Personal.
Bregman was born in Toronto, Canada in 1936. His father was an office manager and his mother, a home-maker. He has one sister, who lives in Jerusalem, Israel. His wife is a retired history professor and active artist. He has three stepdaughters and two stepsons.
Academic career.
Bregman received a Bachelor of Arts degree from University College of the University of Toronto, with a concentration in Philosophy (ethics), in 1957. He received a Master's degree in Psychology, also from the University of Toronto, in 1959, after which he worked as a research assistant for two summers for Endel Tulving, studying how subjective organization affected the process of memorization. In 1963, he received a Ph.D. degree from Yale University, where he had gone, in 1959, to study the formation of concepts with Carl I. Hovland. However, after Hovland died in 1961, he did his dissertation research on human memory, supervised by Fred D. Sheffield.
From 1962 to 1965, he was a research fellow at the Center for Cognitive Studies established by George Miller and Jerome S. Bruner at Harvard University, where he continued to study memory. There, he and Donald A. Norman set up one of the earliest computer systems for controlling psychological experiments, based on a PDP-4 computer. He also taught in the Harvard Psychology Department, in charge of the laboratory section of a course in experimental psychology, taught by Richard Herrnstein, and running a graduate seminar in learning theory.
He arrived at McGill University in 1965 as an Assistant Professor in the Department of Psychology, rose to the rank of Full Professor, and in 1999 received a lifetime post-retirement appointment in the Psychology Department at the rank of Emeritus Professor. He spent sabbatical periods at Cornell University, the University of Sussex, and at Stanford University, where he was associated with the Center for Computer Research in Music and Acoustics (CCRMA), founded by John Chowning. He has given invited lectures on auditory scene analysis at many universities, including Harvard, MIT, Yale, Oxford, Cambridge, Stanford, UC Berkeley, UCLA, Cornell, Virginia, Toronto, Hong Kong, ETH Zürich, Oldenburg, Thessaloniki, and the New University of Lisbon, as well as at research institutes including Advanced Technology Research (ATR) in Kyoto, Nippon Telegraph and Telephone (NTT) in Tokyo, the Kitano Symbiotic Systems Project in Tokyo, and Dolby Labs in San Francisco.
Auditory scene analysis.
Bregman's first research at McGill was a continuation of his earlier research on memory. However, in 1969, while preparing a recording of a rapid succession of sounds for an experiment on learning, he made a fortuitous discovery.
I was preparing an experiment on learning, involving a rapid sequence of unrelated sounds, each about the length of a speech phoneme. I spliced together one-tenth-second segments of many different sounds – water splashing in a sink, a dentist’s drill, a tone, a vowel, etc. When I played the tape back to myself, though, I did not experience the sequences in the order that they were recorded on the tape. It appeared that non-adjacent sounds were grouping together and appeared to be adjacent. It was the similar sounds that seemed to be forming integrated perceptual sequences. This reminded me of an essay I had written at the University of Toronto on the topic of Gestalt Psychology. Some of the Gestaltist’s examples showed that similar visual forms would group together and segregate from dissimilar ones. Perhaps an analogous sort of grouping might be happening in my auditory sequence. Although I had never been trained in auditory perception research, this one subjective experience set me off on a 36-year period of study." 
To support this research, he developed a computer-based laboratory based on a PDP-11 computer for working with auditory and visual signals and testing human subjects. Laboratory supervisors included Gary Bernstein, Gary Dannenbring, Philippe Grall, Sharif Qureshi, and Pierre Abdel Ahad.
He developed the concept of auditory stream segregation (also called "streaming") to describe how a single sequence of sounds could be interpreted by the auditory system as two or more concurrent streams of sound. Extensive research by Bregman and his students and postdoctoral fellows exposed many of the acoustic variables that controlled this process. Eventually he came to think of streaming as a part of a larger auditory process, which he called "auditory scene analysis" (ASA), a process responsible for analyzing the complex mixture of sound that reaches the listener's ears and for building distinct perceptual representations of the individual acoustic sources that were buried in the mixture.
Bregman's work on ASA has had influences outside the field of experimental psychology. In a field called Computational auditory scene analysis (CASA), the principles of ASA have been used in the development of computer systems that carry out ASA automatically, for example segregating speech from other concurrent sounds. The principles have been applied to music to explain the segregation and integration of musical sounds and have also been applied to speech perception ASA has been found in human newborns and in non-human animals, suggesting an innate basis for the process.
In 1992 Bregman set up an electronic mail list, AUDITORY, on the topic of auditory perception. Administered by Professor Daniel P. Ellis, Dept. of Electrical Engineering, Columbia University, it includes over 2500 researchers and practitioners of the auditory arts and sciences in about 45 countries (as of Aug 2011).
Honors and awards.
Bregman was elected Fellow of the Canadian Psychological Association in 1978, the American Psychological Association in 1984, and the Royal Society of Canada in 1995. From 1984 to 1986 he held a Killam Research Fellowship from the Canada Council. In 1995 he was awarded the Jacques Rousseau Medal for interdisciplinary contributions by the Association francophone pour le savoir. In 2004 he received the Donald O. Hebb Award for Distinguished Contributions to Psychology as a Science from the Canadian Psychological Association, and in 2012, the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal from the Lieutenant Governor of Quebec.
Bregman's extensive research on ASA has yielded one book, one audio compact disk, 3 articles in encyclopedias or handbooks, 16 book chapters, and 53 papers in scientific journals. In addition he has published 12 scientific articles on other perception-related topics, and 6 on human memory.
Selected Publications.
Other publications.
For a full list of publications see the website Al Bregman, Auditory scene analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="20242870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242870" title="Gabriela Trușcă">
Gabriela Trușcă

Gabriela Truşcă (-Robu) (b. August 15, 1957) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast. She is an Olympic silver medalist with the team. After retiring from gymnastics she became a coach at CSS Buzău. She coached several generations of young gymnasts among which junior Gabriela Drăgoi.

</doc>
<doc id="20242872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242872" title="HMS Nessus">
HMS Nessus

Two vessels of the British Royal Navy have been named HMS "Nessus" after Nessus, a centaur of Greek Mythology:

</doc>
<doc id="20242875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242875" title="A.S.D. AGSM Verona F.C.">
A.S.D. AGSM Verona F.C.

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica AGSM Verona Femminile Calcio, previously known as A.S.D. Bardolino Verona C.F. between 2007 and 2013, is an Italian women's football club, playing in Serie A. Founded in 1995, the team won the Serie A championship four times in 2004–05, 2006–07, 2007–08 and 2008–09 and won the Coppa Italia three times in 2005–06, 2006–07 and 2008–09.
History.
In summer 2011 the club moved from their traditional home in Bardolino to Stadio Olivieri, a small venue in the grounds of Verona's main stadium, Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi. In September 2013 they received dispensation from the Italian Football Federation (FIGC) to remove Bardolino from their official name, becoming AGSM Verona due to a sponsorship deal.
Squad.
Former players.
"For details of former players, see :Category:A.S.D. AGSM Verona F.C. players."

</doc>
<doc id="20242881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242881" title="Managerial assessment of proficiency">
Managerial assessment of proficiency

The term managerial assessment of proficiency (MAP) describes a methodology for the assessment of managerial competence in human resource and training applications. MAP is designed for evaluation of a manager's proficiency in 12 prescribed competencies, and other criteria. Assessments can be generated for an employee, as well as for a department or the organisation as a whole. Normative values, used for comparative purposes in each assessment, are based upon the performance of over 110,000 managers, across 17 countries, in more than 600 organisations that have used MAP, according to the UK-based company, "Development Processes Group plc", that licenses the tool into organisations.
The 12 competencies are fundamental in determining the proficiency of an effective manager, according to the methodology. Implicit in the approach for developing managerial excellence is the definition of the competencies: a "group of related skills, knowledge, and attitudes that correlate with success in one’s job and can be improved through training." 
MAP assessment process.
Dr. Scott Parry, creator of the tool and 1999 inductee into the HRD, Academy of Resource Development, Hall of Fame, developed the MAP competency framework by first analysing the results of a series of large competency studies conducted by a number of major organisations. Cliff Lansley, who leads the further development of MAP with fellow Director Cameron Robertson has used the tool in studies across 100's of major public and private sector organisations and he says' "we now have powerful benchmarking data of leadership competencies across most organisational sectors. What is unique here, is that MAP is the only objective diagnostic tool for managerial and leadership compenece measurement that exists in the world. All other tools are based merely on self-report, 360 degree opinion or subjective judgement by an assessor".
The studies looked at a number of leading corporations to identify the competencies and attributes that were important to the performance of managers. IBM, AT&T, Henley Management College, Ford and Kodak came up with very similar managerial competencies and these were analysed. The developers of MAP selected 12 of the most frequently mentioned competencies, those common to most frameworks, and arranged them in 4 clusters and 2 broad categories: task-handling (left column) and people-handling (right column).
Dr. Scott Parry, developer of the MAP Assessment competency framework and tool, defines competencies as "a group of related skills, knowledge, and attitudes that correlate with success in one’s job and that can be improved through training”.
The assessment involves studying a series of real-life management situations covering a week in the life of a typical manager and his team and answering a series of questions about your judgement of what you’ve seen. 
The situations covered include:
Following each short scene the delegates answer a series of questions based on what they have been watching. They are then asked if, in their opinion, the management behaviour they have seen is good or bad practice.
The scenarios are very effective in getting managers to be a part of the assessment process because they are based on the real situations that they regularly have to deal with on a day to day basis, resulting in high face validity scores.
There are also two paper-based questionnaires that help determine their preferred styles of managing and communicating and the impact that can have in the workplace.
At the end of the day the assessment is scored online and a personal profile produced within minutes. This is in readiness for Day 2 of the MAP Assessment process.
The second day of the process is the interpretation of the assessment scores providing delegates with a development ‘road map’ for their ongoing development.
If a team is being assessed then a group profile is also produced to take into account the department or team’s training and development needs.
Validating the MAP assessment.
Before making the assessment available to clients, the developers of MAP validated the methodology in 11 organisations. Managers were selected to cover the full range of proficiency at work from ‘excellent’ to ‘below average’. Working independently, three senior managers assigned ratings on a 5-point scale to each manager being assessed, thereby establishing a rank order.
A total of 253 managers from 11 organisations went through the video-based assessment. Their overall proficiency percentiles (average of the 12 competency scores) were compared with their senior managers’ ratings of their performance at work, using the Spearman's rank order correlation analysis.
Correlations were positive, ranging from .71 to .92. This supported the following assumptions:-
Cliff Lansley, Director and owner of Development Processes Group plc, the lead organisation for MAP across the UK, is undertaking an extended research and validation exercise and the results will be referenced on completion.
The construct validity can be measured by the degree to which the developers’ assessment data agrees with the actual performance of managers at work. But participants are also concerned with face validity, the degree to which they can identify with the video episodes and accept their proficiency profile as accurate. On the post-assessment evaluation sheet, 92% said they had no difficulty relating to the episodes, and 86% said that the scores they received were probably accurate.
A further examination of the list of 12 competencies will support the assumption that they can all be improved via training. This is in contrast to the characteristics, qualities, and attributes that appear in some organisations’ lists of competencies¼ self-confidence, initiative, flexibility, ambition and so on. These are best defined as personality traits, not competencies, according to Dr. Scott Parry. They are typically formed early in life and, short of clinical intervention, are not subject to significant change through participation in a training programme. The developers of MAP restricted the assessment to competencies that can be developed through training.
The impact of MAP.
Famous chef, Raymond Blanc, experienced the tool himself and he outlines in the link below how he used MAP within his organisation and found it to be a good predictor of managerial performance.
MAP has also been used as a central part of qualifications accredited by the Institute of Leadership and Management and the Chartered Management Institute.
MAP has been deployed across the UK by a range of Licenced Delivery Centres by Development Processes Group PLC. One of its centres, Metricate Ltd, have supported its work in assessing and researching competencies in the construction, engineering and logistics industry sectors. The goal was to identify the implications of any deficiencies for the businesses concerned and assess how and where they impacted upon the organisation. (‘Understanding the Real Skills Gap: Management and Leadership’ 2008, Metricate Ltd).
The specific management competencies in deficit on this study, according to a MAP analysis, were identified as:-
From follow-up interviews with managers at Company Board level, there were a number of strategic and operational problem areas for companies stemming from the deficit in the management competencies described:-
Specification of a development programme.
The work of Metricate Ltd went on to confirm in their study that development programmes were most effective in resolving the deficiencies in competence where they met the following programme design specifications:-

</doc>
<doc id="20242930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242930" title="The Three Doctors (motivational speakers)">
The Three Doctors (motivational speakers)

The Three Doctors is a group of African-American motivational speakers, authors, and doctors.
Early Lives.
The trio is made up of Dr. Rameck Hunt, Dr. Sampson Davis, and Dr. George Jenkins.
All three grew up in Newark, New Jersey, where they met each other in high school. The three grew up in public housing and were members of low-income families. During high school, the three made a pact to get through high school, college, and medical school successfully.
Rameck Hunt grew up in a childhood where the only person he could depend on was his grandma. He had many ups and downs in his life, like dealing with his mom being a drug addict, hanging with the wrong crowd who got him into trouble, and thinking the way to succeed in life is by selling drugs and stealing. Even though he kept hanging out with the wrong crowd, he wanted to be a different person. With the help of his two friends Sampson and George, he came to be a successful person. The hardest thing he had to overcome was his anger problems. When he was in high school, he sprayed a teacher with silly string and beat a boy up and broke his neck. He decided he had to deal with his anger problems and let go. He started to go to school more and got good grades in school. Rameck turned his life around and graduated from medical school.
College and Later.
All the three doctors attended Seton Hall University, on courses paid for through a scholarship program. During college, Hunt, Davis, and Jenkins often felt like giving up, and they sought advice from college counselor Carla Dickson. After college, Hunt and Davis attended medical school, while Jenkins attended dental school. This was the first time since high school in which the three were split. All three passed and earned medical degrees at their respective school.
Speaking.
Rarely the members of the group ever speak individually; they usually speak as a group. They speak throughout the United States at different venues and times of the year. They also accept requests to speak at private venues, such as schools.
Books.
The doctors have written three books:

</doc>
<doc id="20242934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242934" title="Lauchlin MacDonald">
Lauchlin MacDonald

Lauchlin MacDonald (March 25, 1844 – October 27, 1928) was a farmer and political figure in Prince Edward Island, Canada. He represented 1st Kings from 1875 to 1883 and 3rd Kings from 1908 to 1912 in the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island as a Liberal member.
He was born on the family farm at East Point, Kings County, Prince Edward Island, the son of Ronald Macdonald and Catherine Macdonald. He was educated at St. Dunstan's College. MacDonald was an unsuccessful candidate for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1873. He was first elected to the provincial assembly in an 1875 by-election held after Emmanuel McEachern died. He was a vice-president of the Prince Edward Island Dairy Association, president of the Cheese Board of Trade of Prince Edward Island and president of the East Point Farmers' Institute. In 1876, he married Teresa McLean. MacDonald was named lighthouse keeper for East Point in 1897.
He died in Charlottetown at the age of 84.

</doc>
<doc id="20242935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242935" title="José Couto">
José Couto

José Couto (born 27 February 1978) is a breaststroke swimmer from Portugal, who represented his home country at the 1996 Summer Olympics, the 2000 Summer Olympics and at the 2004 Summer Olympics. He won two medals a(a silver and a bronze one) at the 1999 European Short Course Championships that occurred in Lisbon (his homeground) and one (silver) at the 2002 FINA World Swimming Championships in Moscow.
He also won a gold medal, a silver medal and a bronze medal in World Cups.

</doc>
<doc id="20242948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242948" title="Modernday Folklore">
Modernday Folklore

Modernday Folklore is the second studio album by Ian Moore and was released in 1995 (see 1995 in music). The album peaked at #14 on "Billboard"'s Top Heatseekers chart.
Track listing.
All songs by Ian Moore, except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="20242966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20242966" title="Nasser Abufarha">
Nasser Abufarha

Nasser Abufarha is a Palestinian-American businessman. He is the founder of the Palestine Fair Trade Association.
He was born in 1964 in Al-Jalama, a small farming village near Jenin, at the northern tip of the West Bank. He currently lives in the United States. 
After first studying in Canada, he traveled to the United States, where an earned his Bachelor's degree in Computer Science from Wayne State University in 1989. Abufarha went on to earn a PhD in Cultural Anthropology and International Development from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 2006.
In 2004, Abufarha developed the first internationally-recognized standard for fair trade olive oil and established the Palestine Fair Trade Association. He also established Canaan Fair Trade, the largest exporter of certified fair trade and organic Palestinian olive oil to the United States and Europe. 
His book, "The Making of a Human Bomb", was published by Duke University Press in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20243003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243003" title="Carol Moseke">
Carol Moseke

Carol Jean L. Moseke (born March 8, 1945 in Cedar Rapids, Nebraska) was a female track and field athlete from the United States, competing in the discus throw. She represented her native country at the 1968 Summer Olympics, and won the gold medal in the women's discus throw event at the 1967 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Canada.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20243097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243097" title="White horse (mythology)">
White horse (mythology)

White horses (which are rarer than other colours of horse) have a special significance in the mythologies of cultures around the world. They are often associated with the sun chariot, with warrior-heroes, with fertility (in both mare and stallion manifestations), or with an end-of-time saviour, but other interpretations exist as well. Both truly white horses and the more common grey horses, with completely white hair coats, were identified as "white" by various religious and cultural traditions.
Portrayal in myth.
From earliest times white horses have been mythologized as possessing exceptional properties, transcending the normal world by having wings (e.g. Pegasus from Greek mythology), or having horns (the unicorn). As part of its legendary dimension, the white horse in myth may be depicted with seven heads (Uchaishravas) or eight feet (Sleipnir), sometimes in groups or singly. There are also white horses which are divinatory, who prophesy or warn of danger.
As a rare or distinguished symbol, a white horse typically bears the hero- or god-figure in ceremonial roles or in triumph over negative forces. Herodotus reported that white horses were held as sacred animals in the Achaemenid court of Xerxes the Great (ruled 486-465 BC), while in other traditions the reverse happens when it was sacrificed to the gods.
In more than one tradition, the white horse carries patron saints or the world saviour in the end times (as in Hinduism, Christianity, and Islam), is associated with the sun or sun chariot (Ossetia) or bursts into existence in a fantastic way, emerging from the sea or a lightning bolt.
Though some mythologies are stories from earliest beliefs, other tales, though visionary or metaphorical, are found in liturgical sources as part of preserved, on-going traditions (see, for example, "Iranian tradition" below).
Mythologies and traditions.
European.
Celtic.
In Celtic mythology, Rhiannon, a mythic figure in the Mabinogion collection of legends, rides a "pale-white" horse. Because of this, she has been linked to the Romano-Celtic fertility horse goddess Epona and other instances of the veneration of horses in early Indo-European culture.
White horses are the most common type of hill figure in England. Though many are modern, the Uffington White Horse at least dates back to the Bronze Age.
In Scottish folklore, the kelpie or each uisge, a deadly supernatural water demon in the shape of a horse, is sometimes described as white, though other stories say it is black.
Greek.
In Greek mythology, the white winged horse Pegasus was the son of Poseidon and the gorgon Medusa. Poseidon was also the creator of horses, creating them out of the breaking waves when challenged to make a beautiful land animal.
Norse.
In Norse mythology, Odin's eight-legged horse Sleipnir, "the best horse among gods and men", is described as gray. Sleipnir is also the ancestor of another gray horse, Grani, who is owned by the hero Sigurd.
Slavic.
In Slavic mythology, the war and fertility deity Svantovit owned an oracular white horse; the historian Saxo Grammaticus, in descriptions similar to those of Tacitus centuries before, says the priests divined the future by leading the white stallion between a series of fences and watching which leg, right or left, stepped first in each row.
Finno-Ugric.
The war god in Hungarian mythology was Hadúr, who wears pure copper and is a metalsmith. The ancient Magyars sacrificed white stallions to him before a battle.
Additionally, there is a story (mentioned for example in "Gesta Hungarorum") that conquering Magyars paid a white horse to Moravian chieftain Svatopluk I (in other forms of the story, it is instead the Bulgarian chieftain Salan) for a part of the land that later became the Kingdom of Hungary.
Actual historical background of the story is dubious because Svatopluk I was already dead when the first Hungarian tribes arrived. On the other hand, even Herodotus mentions in his "Histories" an Eastern custom, where sending a white horse as payment in exchange for land means casus belli. This custom roots in the ancient Eastern belief that stolen land would lose its fertility.
Iranian.
In Zoroastrianism, one of the three representations of Tishtrya, the hypostasis of the star Sirius, is that of a white stallion (the other two are as a young man, and as a bull). The divinity takes this form during the last 10 days of every month of the Zoroastrian calendar, and also in a cosmogonical battle for control of rain. In this latter tale ("Yasht" 8.21-29), which appears in the Avesta's hymns dedicated to Tishtrya, the divinity is opposed by Apaosha, the demon of drought, which appears as a black stallion.
White horses are also said to draw divine chariots, such as that of Aredvi Sura Anahita, who is the Avesta's divinity of the waters. Representing various forms of water, her four horses are named "wind", "rain", "clouds" and "sleet" ("Yasht" 5.120).
Hindu.
White horses appear many times in Hindu mythology. The Vedic horse sacrifice or "Ashvamedha" was a fertility and kingship ritual involving the sacrifice of a sacred gray or white stallion. Similar rituals may have taken place among Roman, Celtic and Norse people, but the descriptions are not so complete.
In the Puranas, one of the precious objects that emerged while the devas and demons were churning the milky ocean was Uchaishravas, a snow-white horse with seven heads. (A white horse of the sun is sometimes also mentioned as emerging separately). Uchaishravas was at times ridden by Indra, lord of the devas. Indra is depicted as having a liking for white horses in several legends - he often steals the sacrificial horse to the consternation of all involved, such as in the story of Sagara, or the story of King Prithu.
The chariot of the solar deity Surya is drawn by seven horses, alternately described as all white, or as the colours of the rainbow. 
Hayagriva the Avatar of Vishnu is worshipped as the God of knowledge and wisdom, with a human body and a horse's head, brilliant white in color, with white garments and seated on a white lotus. Kalki, the tenth incarnation of Vishnu and final world saviour, is predicted to appear riding a white horse, or in the form of a white horse.
Buddhist.
Kanthaka was a white horse that was a royal servant and favourite horse of Prince Siddhartha, who later became Gautama Buddha. Siddhartha used Kanthaka in all major events described in Buddhist texts prior to his renunciation of the world. Following the departure of Siddhartha, it was said that Kanthaka died of a broken heart.
Abrahamic.
Jewish.
The Book of Zechariah twice mentions colored horses; in the first passage there are three colors (red, dappled, and "white"), and in the second there are four teams of horses (red, black, "white", and finally dappled) pulling chariots. The second set of horses are referred to as "the four spirits of heaven, going out from standing in the presence of the Lord of the whole world." They are described as patrolling the earth and keeping it peaceful.
Christian.
In the New Testament, the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse include one seated on a white horse and one on a pale horse - the pale horse carried the rider, Death. However, the Greek word translated as "pale" is often interpreted as sickly green or ashen grey rather than white. Later in the Book of Revelation, Christ rides a white horse out of heaven at the head of the armies of heaven to judge and make war upon the earth.
Two Christian saints are associated with white steeds: Saint James, as patron saint of Spain, rides a white horse in his martial aspect. Saint George, the patron saint of horsemen among other things, also rides a white horse. In Ossetia, the deity Uastyrdzhi, who embodied both the warrior and sun motifs often associated with white horses, became identified with the figure of St. George after the region adopted Christianity.
"Gesta Francorum" contains a description of the First Crusade, where soldiers fighting at Antioch claimed to have been heartened by a vision of St. George and white horses during the battle: "There came out from the mountains, also, countless armies with white horses, whose standards were all white. And so, when our leaders saw this army, they ... recognized the aid of Christ, whose leaders were St. George, Mercurius, and Demetrius."
Islamic.
The Quran tells of a white horse named Al-Buraq who brought Muhammad to Jannah during the Isra and Mir'aj. Al-Buraq was also said to transport Abraham when he visited his wife Hagar and son Ishmael. According to tradition, Abraham lived with one wife in Syria, but the Buraq would transport him in the morning to Mecca to see his family there, and take him back to his Syrian wife in the evening.
Far East.
Korean.
A huge white horse appears in Korean mythology in the story of the kingdom of Silla. When the people gathered to pray for a king, the horse emerged from a bolt of lightning, bowing to a shining egg. After the horse flew back to heaven, the egg opened and the boy Park Hyeokgeose emerged. When he grew up, he united six warring states.
Philippines.
The city of Pangantucan has as its symbol a white stallion who saved an ancient tribe from massacre by uprooting a bamboo and thus warning them of the enemy's approach.
Vietnamese.
The city of Hanoi honors a white horse as its patron saint with a temple dedicated to this revered spirit, the "White Horse" or "Bach Ma Temple" ( "bach" means "white" and "ma" is "horse"). The 11th-century king, Lý Công Uẩn (also known as King Lý Thái Tổ) had a vision of a white horse representing a river spirit which showed him where to build his citadel.
Native American.
In Blackfoot mythology, the snow deity Aisoyimstan is a white-colored man in white clothing who rides a white horse.
Literature and art.
The mythological symbolism of white horses has been picked up as a trope in literature, film, and other storytelling. For example, the heroic prince or white knight of fairy tales often rides a white horse. Unicorns are (generally white) horse-like creatures with a single horn. And the English nursery rhyme "Ride a cock horse to Banbury Cross" refers to a lady on a white horse who may be associated with the Celtic goddess Rhiannon.
A "white palfrey" appears in the fairy tale "Virgilius the Sorcerer" by Andrew Lang. It appears in "The Violet Fairy Book" and attributes more than usual magical powers to the ancient Roman poet Virgil (see also Virgil#Mysticism and hidden meanings). 
The British author G. K. Chesterton wrote an epic poem titled "Ballad of the White Horse." In Book I, "The Vision of the King," he writes of earliest England, invoking the white horse hill figure and the gods:
Before the gods that made the gods<br>
Had seen their sunrise pass,<br>
The White Horse of the White Horse Vale<br>
Was cut out of the grass.
The white horse is a recurring motif in Ibsen's play "Rosmersholm", making use of the common Norse folklore that its appearance was a portent of death. The basis for the superstition may have been that the horse was a form of church grim, buried alive at the original consecration of the church building (the doomed protagonist in the play was a pastor), or that it was a materialization of the "fylgje", an individual's or family's guardian spirit.

</doc>
<doc id="20243117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243117" title="Palestine Fair Trade Association">
Palestine Fair Trade Association

The Palestine Fair Trade Association (PFTA) is a Palestinian national union of fair trade producing cooperatives, processors, and exporters. It was founded in 2004 by Palestinian-American entrepreneur Nasser Abufarha.
PFTA established the first internationally recognized standard for fair trade olive oil in coordination with the Fairtrade Labeling Organization (FLO) in 2004, and introduced fair trade and organic farming concepts to thousands of Palestinian farmers in the West Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="20243191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243191" title="Agriculture in New Zealand">
Agriculture in New Zealand

Agriculture in New Zealand is the largest sector of the tradable economy, contributing about two-thirds of exported goods in 2006-7. For the year ended March 2002, agricultural exports were valued at over $14.8 billion. The New Zealand agricultural sector is unique in being the only developed country to be totally exposed to the international markets since subsidies, tax concessions and price supports were removed in the 1980s. Pastoral farming is the major land use but there are increases in land area devoted to horticulture.
New Zealand is a member of the Cairns Group which is seeking to have free trade in agricultural goods.
History.
The government offered a number of subsidies during the 1970s to assist farmers after the United Kingdom joined the European Economic Community and by the early 1980s government support provided some farmers with 40 percent of their income. In 1984 the Labour government ended all farm subsidies, and by 1990 the agricultural industry became the most deregulated sector in New Zealand. To stay competitive in the heavily subsidised European and US markets New Zealand farmers had to increase the efficiency of their operations. Animal farming is pasture based, cows and sheep are rarely housed or fed large quantities of grain, with most farmers using grass based supplements such as hay and silage during feed shortages. Pigs are usually kept indoors, either in gestation crates, farrowing crates, fattening pens, or group housing.
Sectors.
Pastoral farming.
In Northland, the major form of pastoral farming is beef cattle. In the Waikato and Taranaki areas, dairy cattle predominate. Through the rest of New Zealand, sheep farming is the major rural activity, with beef cattle farming in the hills and high country, and dairying increasing in Canterbury, Otago and Southland.
New Zealand is the world's eighth largest milk producer, with about 2.2% of world production. Total production was 1.3 billion kg of milk solids, and NZD 8.38 billion of dairy products were exported in the year ending 30 September 2007. There are approximately 4.2 million dairy milking cows in New Zealand, and 5.26 million dairy cattle in total at 30 June 2007, an increase from 3 million in 1982. In mid-2005, there were 12,786 dairy farms, with a total area of 2.1 million hectares. Traditional dairy production areas are the wetter areas of the country: Waikato, Taranaki, Southland, Northland, Horowhenua, Manawatu and Westland. Fonterra is the major processor of milk in New Zealand. It processes 94.8 percent of all milk solids from dairy farms. Other large dairy companies are Tatua Co-operative Dairy Company, Westland Milk Products and Synlait.
Livestock is predominantly grass-fed, but hay and silage is used in the winter months to make up for slower pasture growth. There were 38.5 million sheep and 4.39 million beef cattle in New Zealand in June 2007. The number of sheep saw a substantial fall from the 70.3 million in 1982, while beef cattle numbers declined by about ten percent over the same period. In June 2006. 573,000 tonnes of sheep meat was produced in 2006-7, and 164,000 tonnes of clean wool. NZD 2.08 billion of lamb, NZD 283 million of mutton, and NZD 938 million of raw wool and wool products was exported in the year ending 30 September 2007. Production of beef and veal in 2006-7 was 623,000 tonnes, with NZD 1.64 billion in exports. There were 13,254 beef farms, 13,905 sheep farms and 1,614 mixed beef/sheep farms in 2005, with areas of 1.5 million hectares, 8.1 million hectares, and 655,000 hectares respectively.
Deer farming has increased dramatically from a herd of 150,000 in 1982 to 1.59 million in 2006, with 1,617 deer farms occupying 218,000 hectares of land in 2005. NZD 252 million of venison was exported in the year ending 30 September 2007. New Zealand is the largest exporter of farmed venison in the world. In the 1970s and 80s there was a huge industry carrying out live deer recovery from forested areas of New Zealand. The deer are a pest animal that has a negative impact on the biodiversity of New Zealand. The deer-farm stock was bred from the recovered wild animals.
In 2005, there were 264 pig farms with a total area of 12,831 hectares. There were also 855 mixed livestock farms and 633 other livestock farms, with areas of 178 and 18,000 hectares, respectively. The 50,000 tonnes of pork produced in 2007 was supplemented by 40,000 tonnes of imported pork products to meet domestic demand. 14.7 million chickens were raised for meat in 2007, with 145 tonnes of chicken meat produced. No other poultry is raised in significant numbers in New Zealand. Approximately 3.1 million laying hens are kept, producing 900 million eggs in 2006. Goats are also farmed for meat, milk, and mohair, and to control weeds.
Forestry.
Milling of New Zealand's extensive native forests was one of the earliest industries in the settlement of the country. The long, straight hardwood from the kauri was ideal for ship masts and spars. As the new colony was established, timber was the most common building material, and vast areas of native forest were cleared. Rimu, tōtara, matai, and miro were the favoured timbers. The Monterrey Pine, "Pinus radiata" was introduced to New Zealand in the 1850s. It thrived in the conditions, reaching maturity in 28 years, much faster than in its native California. It was found to grow well in the infertile acidic soil of the volcanic plateau, where attempts at agriculture had failed. The Government initiated planting of exotic forests in 1899 at Whakarewarewa, near Rotorua. This was to address growing timber shortages as slow-growing native forests were exhausted. In the 1930s, vast areas of land were planted in "Pinus radiata" by relief workers. The largest tract was the 188,000-hectare Kāingaroa forest, the largest plantation forest in the world. As the major forests matured, processing industries such as the Kinleith Mill at Tokoroa and the Tasman Mill at Kawerau were established.
Plantation forests of various sizes can now be found in all regions of New Zealand except Central Otago and Fiordland. In 2006 their total area was 1.8 million hectares, with 89% in "Pinus radiata" and 5% in Douglas fir ("Pseudotsuga menziesii")
Log harvesting in 2006 was 18.8 million m3, down from 22.5 million m3 in 2003. This is projected to rise as high as 30 million m3 as newer forests mature. The value of all forestry exports (logs, chips, sawn timber, panels and paper products) for the year ended 31 March 2006 was $NZ 3.62 billion. This is projected to rise to $4.65 billion by 2011. Australia accounts for just over 25% of export value, mostly paper products, followed by Japan, South Korea, China and the United States. Within the New Zealand economy, forestry accounts for approximately 4% of national GDP. On the global stage, the New Zealand forestry industry is a relatively small contributor in terms of production, accounting for 1% of global wood supply for industrial purposes.
Horticulture.
There are about 400 growers of stone fruit who utilise 3000 hectares of land, mostly in the Hawke's Bay and Otago regions. Three quarters of the fruit produced is consumed domestically. Peaches, nectarines and plums are produced for domestic consumption, and apricots and cherries, almost all from Otago, are exported. About 30 varieties of apples and pears are exported, with over 16 million tray carton equivalents (18 kg) of apples and 300,000 tce's of pears exported in 2007. Most pipfruit is grown in the Hawke's Bay and Tasman regions, with about 10,000 hectares planted. Kiwifruit is grown in many regions of the North Island and in the north of the South Island, but is most concentrated in the Bay of Plenty. There are 2,700 kiwifruit growers, with over 13,000 hectares planted. Over 80 million trays of kiwifruit were exported in 2006, about one-quarter of the world's production. Kiwifruit is New Zealand's largest horticultural export by value. In 2007 there were over 29,0000 hectares planted in grapes (mostly in Marlborough, Hawke's Bay and Gisborne), 205,000 tonnes of grapes were produced, and there were 543 wineries. Citrus fruit is grown in Gisborne, Northland and Auckland. Blackcurrants and other berry fruits are grown in Tasman, Waikato, Canterbury and Auckland. Avocados and other subtropical fruits are grown in Northland and the Bay of Plenty. Total exports of fresh fruit were worth NZD 1,200 million in 2007, and NZD 105 million of processed fruit was also exported. 76 million litres of wine, worth NZD 698 million, was exported.
Almost all hay and silage is consumed on the same farm as it is produced. Most supplementary feed crops are grown in the South Island, where the colder climate forces additional feeding of stock during winter. Wheat is mostly grown in the Canterbury region and is used for domestic consumption in bread and biscuits. By-products are bran and pollard, which are used for stock feed. Barley is used for stock feed and for malt. Some barley is exported, depending on international price fluctuations. Maize is grown in the Waikato and Manawatu-Wanganui regions as feed for chickens, pigs and cattle. Oats are grown in Canterbury and Southland for animal feed, and for rolled oats and oatmeal.
Vegetable growing occupies more than 50,000 hectares of land and employs 25,000 people. More than 50 different vegetables are grown in New Zealand. Approximately 1,450 growers produce fresh vegetables with a value of over NZD 400 million in 2007. NZD 260 million of fresh vegetables, mainly onions and squash, were exported in 2007. 750 growers produce vegetables worth over NZD 100 million for processing, and NZD 297 of processed and frozen vegetables, mostly potatoes, sweetcorn and peas, were exported in 2007. NZD 63 million worth of seeds and bulbs, and NZD 43 million of cut flowers and foliage, were exported in 2007.
Aquaculture.
Aquaculture started in New Zealand in the late 1960s and is dominated by mussels, oysters and salmon. In 2007, aquaculture generated about NZ$360 million in sales on an area of 7,700 hectares with a total of $240 million earned in exports. In 2006, the aquaculture industry in New Zealand developed a strategy aimed at achieving a sustainable annual billion NZ dollar business by 2025. In 2007, the government reacted by offering more support to the growing industry.
Beekeeping.
New Zealand had 2,602 beekeepers at the end of 2007, who owned 313,399 hives. Total honey production was 9700 tonnes. Pollen, beeswax, and propolis are also produced. Beekeepers provide pollination services to horticulturalists, which generates more income than the products of bee culture. Approximately 20–25,000 queen bees, and 20 tonnes of packaged bees (which include worker bees and a queen) are exported live each year.
Organic farming.
Organic farming practices began on a commercial scale in the 1980s and is now an increasing segment of the market with some of the larger companies such as Wattie's becoming involved.
Environmental impacts.
Both the original Māori people and the European colonists made huge changes to New Zealand over a relatively short time. Māori burned forest to flush out game and to encourage the growth of bracken fern, which was used as a food source, and practised agriculture using plants they brought from tropical Polynesia. The Europeans logged and burned off a third of the forest cover to convert land to pastoral farming.
In 1993, the National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research summarised available data on the quality of water in rivers. They concluded that ""lowland river reaches in agriculturally developed catchments are in poor condition"" reflecting ""agriculturally derived diffuse and point source waste inputs in isolation or in addition to urban or industrial waste inputs"". The key contaminants identified in lowland rivers were dissolved inorganic nitrogen, dissolved reactive phosphorus and faecal contamination. Small streams in dairy farming areas were identified as being in very poor condition. New Zealand's rivers and lakes are becoming increasingly nutrient enriched and degraded by nitrogen, animal faecal matter, and eroded sediment. Many waterways are now unsafe for swimming. Fish and Game New Zealand launched a "dirty dairying" campaign to highlight the effect of intensive agriculture on waterways. Fonterra, the largest dairy company in New Zealand, in conjunction with government agencies responded with the Dairying and Clean Streams Accord. In 2009, the Crafar Farms group of dairy farms in the North Island became known as the 'poster boys for dirty dairying' after a string of prosecutions in the Environment Court for unlawful discharges of dairy effluent.
In 2004 the Parliamentary Commissioner for the Environment released a report on the environmental effects of farming in New Zealand. It noted that the trend was towards an increasing pressure on New Zealand's natural capital. Between 1994 and 2002 the number of dairy cows increased by 34% and the land area used grew by just 12% resulting in a more intensive land use. In the same period synthetic fertiliser use across all sectors grew by 21% and urea use grew by 160%.
Almost half of the greenhouse gas emissions in New Zealand are due to the agricultural sector. A portion of this is due to methane from belching ruminants. An agricultural emissions research levy was proposed, quickly becoming known as the "Fart Tax". The proposed levy encountered opposition from the farming sector and the National Party, resulting in plans for the levy being abandoned. The Pastoral Greenhouse Gas Research Consortium was formed as an alternative to imposing the levy on farmers.
Agricultural pests.
A number of plant and animal introductions into New Zealand has reduced the income from farming. Tight border controls to improve biosecurity have been put into place to ensure any new and unwanted pests and diseases do not enter the country. Monitoring is done around sea and airports to check for any incursions.
Animal pests.
The Common Brushtail Possum was introduced from Australia to establish a fur trade. It soon became one of New Zealand's most problematic invasive species because of the huge effect on the biodiversity of New Zealand as well affecting agricultural production since it is a vector for Bovine tuberculosis. The disease now endemic in possums across approximately 38 per cent of New Zealand (known as ‘vector risk areas’). In these areas, nearly 70 per cent of new herd infections can be traced back to possums or ferrets. The Biosecurity Act 1993, which established a National Pest Management Strategy, is the legislation behind control of the disease in New Zealand. The Animal Health Board (AHB) operates a nationwide programme of cattle testing and possum control with the goal of eradicating "M. bovis" from wild vector species across 2.5 million hectares – or one quarter – of New Zealand’s at-risk areas by 2026 and, eventually, eradicating the disease entirely.
Possums are controlled through a combination of trapping, ground-baiting and, where other methods are impractical, aerial treament with 1080 poison.
From 1979–1984, possum control was stopped due to lack of funding. In spite of regular and frequent TB testing of cattle herds, the number of infected herds snowballed and continued to increase until 1994. The area of New Zealand where there were TB wild animals expanded from about 10 to 40 per cent. 
That possums are such effective transmitters of TB appears to be facilitated by their behaviour once they succumb to the disease. Terminally ill TB possums will show increasingly erratic behaviour, such as venturing out during the daytime to get enough food to eat, and seeking out buildings in which to keep warm. As a consequence they may wander onto paddocks, where they naturally attract the attention of inquisitive cattle and deer. This behaviour has been captured on video.
The introduced Canada Geese became prolific and began to adversely affect pastures and crops. In 2011 restrictions on hunting them were dropped to allow them to be culled.
Plant pests.
Gorse was introduced as a hedgerow plant but has become the most expensive agricultural plant pest costing millions of dollars in efforts to control its spread over farmland.
Other serious pasture and crop land plant pest are nodding thistle ("Carduus nutans"), Californian thistle ("Cirsium arvense"), ragwort ("Senecio jacobaea"), broom ("Cytisus scoparius"), giant buttercup ("Ranunculus acris"), fat-hen ("Chenopodium album"), willow weed ("Polygonum persicaria"), and hawkweed ("Hieracium" species).
Biosecurity.
Because of its geographical isolation New Zealand is free of some pest and diseases that are problematic for agricultural production in other countries. With a high level of international trade and large numbers of inbound tourists biosecurity is of great concern since new any pest or diseases brought into the country could potentially have a huge effect on the economy of New Zealand.
There have been no outbreaks of foot-and-mouth disease in New Zealand. If an outbreak did occur there is potential for severe economic losses given that agricultural exports are a large segment of exports. The main foot-and-mouth disease pathway is passenger arrivals and therefore there is an extensive biosecurity monitoring at ports and airports. There have been instances of suspected outbreaks of foot and mouth disease the most recent being on Waiheke Island, although this is thought to be a hoax.
Tenure review.
Many areas of the high country of the South Island were set up as large sheep and cattle stations in the late 19th century. Much of this land was leased from The Crown but after the passing of the Crown Pastoral Land Act 1998 the leases were reviewed. Environmentalists and academics raised concerns about the process saying that farmers were gaining an advantage and that conservation issues were not being resolved.
Agricultural organisations.
A fixture in many rural towns is the annual Agricultural and Pastoral (A&P) shows where competitions are held for the best livestock and farm produce. Carnivals, sideshows, equestrian events and craft competitions are also held as part of the A&P shows.
The Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry is the government agency responsible for the agricultural sector. It has both policy and operational arms.
Federated Farmers is a large and influential lobby group that represents farmers interests. It has a voluntary membership which stands at over 26,000.
The Soil & Health Association of New Zealand, established in 1941, promotes organic food and farming.
The New Zealand Young Farmers is a national organisation formed in 1927 with regional clubs throughout the country. It runs the annual Young Farmer Contest.
Irrigation New Zealand is the national body representing farmers who use irrigation and the irrigation industry. It opposes Water conservation orders.
Future of New Zealand agriculture.
There are two main views on the immediate future of New Zealand agriculture. One is that, due to fast-rising consumer demand in India and China, the world is entering a golden age for commodities, and New Zealand is well placed to take advantage of this. The other view is that New Zealand will only gain limited rewards from this boom because of increasing production competition from developing countries. For New Zealand to remain competitive, farmers will either have to intensify production to remain commodity producers (increasing stock and fertiliser per hectare) or, instead, become producers of higher value, more customised products.
AgResearch Ltd (New Zealand's largest Crown Research Institute) believes that new technologies will allow New Zealand farmers to double their output by 2020, while simultaneously reducing greenhouse-gas emissions and other detrimental environmental impacts associated with farming practices.
Impact on New Zealand culture.
Rural New Zealand has had an impact on the culture of New Zealand.
"Country Calendar" is a long-running television programme about farming methods and country life, and is watched by both rural and urban New Zealanders.
The gumboot, a waterproof boot commonly used by farmers and others, is a cultural icon with Taihape hosting an annual Gumboot Day. Fred Dagg, a comedy character created by John Clarke was a stereotypical farmer wearing a black singlet, shorts and gumboots.
Number 8 wire is used for fencing and has become part of the cultural lexicon. It is used for all manner of tasks and it describes the do it yourself mentality of New Zealanders.

</doc>
<doc id="20243195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243195" title="The Jubilee Cup">
The Jubilee Cup

The Jubilee Cup is a rugby trophy. It is the premier club competition trophy of the Wellington Rugby Football Union, and the current holders are Tawa, who defeated Oriental-Rongotai 26-21 in the 2013 Final.
Origins and History.
The Jubilee Cup was first presented for competition in 1929 by the WRFU, honouring the union's 50th Jubilee. The first winners were the Victoria University club, defending the title they won in 1928.
Petone are the club with the most Jubilee Cup successes, winning the trophy 22 times, including five consecutive wins from 1967-1971. Two of these titles were shared, with St Pat's Old Boys in 1949 and Wellington in 1982.
The next most successful club is Marist St Pats (10 outright, 1 shared) who can also claim another 6 titles from its predecessor clubs Marist Brothers Old Boys (3 outright, 2 shared) and St Pat's Old Boys (1 shared). Other clubs with five or more titles are Athletic (7 outright, 1 shared), Victoria University (7 outright, 1 shared), Wellington (five outright, two shared), and Poneke (five outright plus another two in amalgamation with Oriental during World War II).
By contrast Oriental-Rongotai's 2011 victory was their first outright Wellington title since 1910.
Recent History.
Between 1993 and 1996 the trophy was rebranded as the Lion Brown Trophy for sponsorship purposes. This also coincided with the introduction of the current finals format. Since then the trophy has been won by Marist St Pats (7), Petone (3), Norths (3) Poneke (2), Western Suburbs (1), Hutt Old Boys Marist (1) and Oriental-Rongotai (1). Norths and Marist St Pats also shared the 2008 title after the final finished 10-all and the competition rules did not allow for extra-time to be played, a situation which has since been rectified.
Competition Format.
Currently the Jubilee Cup round is the second round of the Wellington competition. The twelve teams in the Premier competition firstly play the round-robin Swindale Shield competition over 11 rounds, with the top 8 teams moving onto the Jubilee Cup round (the bottom 4 teams are joined by the top 4 eligible teams from the Senior 1 competition to contest the Hardham Cup). 
The Jubilee Cup is also contested in a round-robin format, this time over seven rounds, with the top 4 teams progressing to the semi-finals where the top team (since 2009 awarded the Andy Leslie Trophy) hosts the fourth-placed qualifier and second hosts third. 
The final is then held at usually a neutral venue. Athletic Park hosted the final up to the 1999 decider, and since then Westpac Stadium has been the preferred venue, though some finals have been held at the Basin Reserve, with the 2011 game held at the Petone Recreation Ground.

</doc>
<doc id="20243207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243207" title="Ingeborg Pfüller">
Ingeborg Pfüller

Ingeborg Ella Pfüller (born January 1, 1932) was a female track and field athlete from Argentina, competing in the discus throw. She represented her native country at the 1952 Summer Olympics, and won the gold medal in the women's discus throw event at the 1955 Pan American Games in Mexico City, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20243302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243302" title="A Firefighting We Will Go">
A Firefighting We Will Go

"A Firefighting We Will Go" is the 10th episode in the third season of the Fox animated series "King of the Hill", and the 45th episode overall.
Plot.
Hank, Boomhauer, Dale and Bill are in an interrogation room with Arlen's fire chief and it is implied that something major has happened. Hank's glasses have been broken and taped back together, Boomhauer's ear is bandaged, and Bill's face is burned. 
In an extended flashback, it is revealed that the story begins when, due to a strike by the regular firefighters, Bill has joined the Arlen Fire Department as a volunteer. Excited at the opportunity, Hank, Dale, and Boomhauer decide to sign up and despite some mishaps during training, the four men become part of the department. However, it becomes quickly apparent that they all cannot stop fighting as Hank is the only one taking it seriously; this leads to trouble such as the destruction of a fire hydrant due to Dale breaking the restraining bolt and Boomhauer making the situation worse by trying to fix it with the Jaws of Life. 
As part of the force, the men meet Chet Elderson, the oldest member of the squad. He remembers Hank as "the idiot that blew up the Mega Lo Mart" and insists on having his electric Alamo Beer sign plugged in at all times, despite the fact that the sign is malfunctioning. At the same time, Bill discovers a tub of beef jerky in the kitchen and decides to use its lid as a Frisbee. This results in Boomhauer's ear injury to start.
Things begin to come to a head the same night of the hydrant incident at the firehouse. A frustrated Hank is trying to relax while Dale, Bill, and Boomhauer fool around. It begins when Dale and Bill refuse to stop playing ping pong so Hank can sleep, so he destroys the ball with his foot. Bill retaliates by taking Hank's glasses and breaking them with his foot, and in the ensuing fracas, a hot Frito pie hits Bill in the face, causing the burns on his face. Bill then runs from a furious Hank and ends up getting rear-end first stuck in the fire pole hole trying to escape him. Finally, after Hank comes downstairs again because Dale and Boomhauer refuse to stop horsing around, the men receive word of Chet Elderson's death due to natural causes. 
At Chet's funeral, the four serve as the pallbearers, but because Dale will not touch the casket, believing it to be bad luck, they all end up falling into the open grave, and Elderson's corpse loses its pants as a result. Hank then refuses to speak to Dale. This does not stop the two from fighting over Chet's Alamo Beer sign, which Dale wants to plug in in his honor but Hank refuses to, citing its electrical problems.
As this is going on, the alarm goes off, dispatching the men to Goobersmooches' restaurant. However, they are not needed as the small dumpster fire called in has been put out. While still at the restaurant, another call goes out, this time, for all units. Hank reads the call and discovers, to his horror, that the call is for the firehouse as it has burned to the ground; this being the reason why the four are being interrogated.
The fire chief makes them each go through each moment that happened before they rushed out of the station for the first fire. Each of the friends recreates the scene, putting more emphasis on themselves. Dale's story depicts Hank as a drill instructor, while Dale is buff, with long, flowing hair. Boomhauer's story has everyone talking in his own usual unintelligible style, while Boomhauer himself is talking slowly and coherently. Bill's story depicts him as completely bald and fatter than normal, with a weakness for French bread pizza. Although the stories are different, they all list potential causes for the fire: Dale dropped a lit cigarette on the floor, Boomhauer knocked over the tanning lamp he was using at the time, and Bill left one of the stove burners on while using it to roast a marshmallow.
Finally, Hank reveals that none of those things had caused the fire. Just before he got his gear on, he went back and turned off the stove, doused Dale's cigarette, and unplugged the tanning lamp. He also saw Dale fiddling with the oxygen tanks in the back of the fire truck, with Dale saying he switched his tank with Hank's because his own was fuller. As Hank was pulling out of the firehouse, he noticed a glow in the window and determined that the malfunctioning Alamo sign had to be what was glowing. He also determined that it was the cause of the fire. 
Although Dale was the one who plugged the sign in again, having done so just before the alarm, Hank decides to repay him for his good deed and place the blame for the fire on the recently deceased Chet Elderson. Everyone besides Boomhauer goes along with the story and the chief is satisfied, because he himself had told Chet not to plug his sign in. However, he does not want to soil the old man's name due to his years of service. After Hank says the fire could just be ruled accidental, the chief agrees and promptly releases the four, who promptly decide to try their hand at plumbing work in exchange for all the beer they can drink.
In a side plot, Peggy pulls her groin muscle trying to lift Bobby up, but after working out, is eventually able to accomplish it.
Cultural references.
This episode is significant because of several references to The Three Stooges, most notably the episode's title, which is a reference to the 1940 Stooges short "A Plumbing We Will Go". Other references throughout the episode include:

</doc>
<doc id="20243342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243342" title="1993 ATP Tour World Championships – Singles">
1993 ATP Tour World Championships – Singles

Michael Stich won in the final 7–6(7–3), 2–6, 7–6(9–7), 6–2 against Pete Sampras.
Seeds.
<ol start="5">
<li> Stefan Edberg "(Round Robin)"
<li> Andrei Medvedev "(Semifinals)"
<li> Michael Chang "(Round Robin)"
<li> Goran Ivanišević "(Semifinals)"
Draw.
Arthur Ashe Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="20243349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243349" title="Horatio P. Van Cleve House">
Horatio P. Van Cleve House

The Horatio P. Van Cleve House is a house in the Marcy-Holmes neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States. The house contains elements of the Greek Revival and Italianate styles. It was originally built for William Kimball, a furniture manufacturer; the Van Cleves were the second owners. Horatio P. Van Cleve served as colonel of the 2nd Minnesota Volunteer Infantry Regiment and later a general during the American Civil War.
His wife, Charlotte Van Cleve, was the mother of 12 children, a women's suffrage advocate, and the first woman elected to the Minneapolis School Board. She was also a social reformer who founded an organization to help "erring women" in 1875. The house is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="20243360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243360" title="Fortifications of Kotor">
Fortifications of Kotor

The fortifications of Kotor (Italian: Cattaro) are an integrated historical fortification system that protected the medieval town of Kotor containing ramparts, towers, citadels, gates, bastions, forts, cisterns, a castle, and ancillary buildings and structures. They incorporate military architecture of Illyricum, Byzantium, Venice, and Austria. Together with the old town and its natural surroundings the fortifications were inscribed in the list of World Heritage Sites in 1979 labelled "Natural and Culturo-Historical Region of Kotor" and represent the only such site of cultural significance in Montenegro.
History.
The top of the mountain of St.John was already fortified during Illyrian time. In the 6th century the emperor Justinian I reconstructed the fortress. With the retreat of the Byzantines, eventually and in spite of numerous incursions some independence was attained, however this had no lasting effects upon the fortifications. This changed when in 1420 the then independent Republic of Cattaro succumbed to Venetian rule. As part of Albania Veneta the fortifications received their current structure. During this time there were two successful Ottoman sieges followed by occupations, 1538 – 1571 and 1657 – 1699. In 1797 the fortifications passed to the Habsburg Monarchy with the Treaty of Campo Formio. In 1805, Kotor was assigned to the French Empire's client state, the Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy by the Treaty of Pressburg, but occupied by Russian troops under Dmitry Senyavin until they left after the Treaty of Tilsit in 1807. Three years later it was incorporated into the French Empire's Illyrian Provinces. The fortifications (then named Cattaro) were attacked by the British naval Captain William Hoste with his ship HMS "Bacchante" (38 guns). In an "unmilitary manner" he hauled his ships' cannon to positions above the fort using block and tackle and started the shelling. After a ten day siege, the French garrison had no alternative and surrendered on January 5, 1814. With the Congress of Vienna Kotor was returned to the Austrian Empire. After their defeat in World War I the Austrians left and the fortress was not longer manned. During World War II Kotor was occupied by the Axis forces and liberated on November 21, 1944, a date commemorated over the Sea Gate.
Severe earthquakes that damaged the fortifications occurred in 1563, 1667, and most recently, on April 15, 1979.
Description.
The medieval part of the town of Kotor is located on a triangular piece of land that is bordered by the most inner extension of the Bay of Kotor at its south-western side, the river Skurda toward the North, and the mountain of St. John (San Giovanni) towards the East. City walls protect the city on its northern and south-western side, towards the waters. The walls are fortified by bastions, most prominent the Kampana tower and citadel (13th to 14th century) near the point where the river enters the bay. Close to it is the Sea Gate (also Main Gate) from 1555 allowing access from the bay, the two other gates to the city are the River Gate (also North Gate) from 1540 with the nearby Bembo Bastion from 1540 and the Gurdic Gate (also South Gate), the latter modified many times and fortified by the Gurdic Bastion from 1470. The Bembo Bastion has been converted into an open theatre. Two additional gates were present, one walled up south of the Sea Gate, the other, Spiljarskia Gate, within the ramparts of the hillside towards the old road to Cetinje. From the Bembo Bastion and the Gurdic Bastion ramparts climb up to the top of the St. John Mountain that backs the city. The ramparts have positions at various points; within them is a network of communications as well as additional buildings including the Church of Our Lady of Remedy from 1518. On top of the mountain is the San Giovanni castel at a 280 meter height dominating the eastern bay, the fortification system and the city. Behind the castle hill the inhabitable and mountainous countryside further ascends toward the Lovcen. The circumference of the outer wall is 4.5 km, with a thickness between 2 to 16 m, and a height up to 20 m.
Preservation.
The 1979 earthquake damaged much of the buildings in Kotor including the fortifications. The site was placed on the World Heritage List the same year, and also on the List in Danger. After rehabilitation it was taken off the latter in 2003, however, most of the rehabilitation took place in the old town. The fortifications are the most significant aspect of the World Heritage site and while they contain elements of different epochs, it was the Venetians who constructed most of the present structures. As such the monument represents one of the most important examples of defensive Venetian military architecture. The International Council on Monuments and Sites urged in 2001 the revitalization of the fortress. The European Commission took interest in the fortification not only for its obvious cultural significance but also to maintain and develop it as a resource for tourism, a major part of the local economy. It found the fortifications in poor condition. They had been abandoned since the departure of the Austrians in 1918. Lack of maintenance, erosion, earthquakes, and vegetation have contributed to its ongoing deterioration. It is proposed to restore the ramparts of the hillside and the city; this would also allow access by tourists. Further it is suggested to repair towers and sightseeing points, footpaths and accessory buildings to repair the fortification complex and harness its economic potential.

</doc>
<doc id="20243401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243401" title="Gary Love">
Gary Love

Gary Love is a British actor and film director. He is best known for playing the role of Sergeant Tony Wilton in the award winning series "Soldier Soldier".
He is also a director and has directed episodes of "Londons Burning", "Casualty" & "Waking The Dead".
He attended the Barbara Speake Stage School in Acton West, London.
His father owned a restaurant that was featured on Gordon Ramsay's TV programme "Kitchen Nightmares". Gary Love is currently involved in a High Court case over a financial dispute with Gordon Ramsey Holdings (GRH) who rent Love's pub/restaurant, the 160-year old York & Albany in Regents Park, London. GRH claim that the rental lease, which has Gordon Ramsay as a personal guarantor, was signed using a ‘ghost-writing’ machine to forge his signature. According to the writ, GRH own at least two of the machines, which can electronically replicate a signature using a fountain pen or ballpoint. The document reveals that Ramsay’s company uses the machines to sign his cookbooks and other merchandise.
Love was quoted as saying "I don’t know how Gordon Ramsay has got the temerity to bring this claim, which simply makes him look completely ridiculous" and described Ramsay’s allegation as an "absurd" attempt to wriggle out of his £640,000 per annum rental commitments.

</doc>
<doc id="20243411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243411" title="HMS Nerissa">
HMS Nerissa

Three vessels of the British Royal Navy have been named HMS "Nerissa":

</doc>
<doc id="20243532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243532" title="Ingeborg Mello">
Ingeborg Mello

Ingeborg Mello de Preiss (January 4, 1919 – October 25, 2009) was a female track and field athlete from Argentina, competing in the discus throw and the shot put. She represented her native country twice at the Summer Olympics: 1948 and 1952. She won the gold medal in the women's discus throw and the shot put event at the 1951 Pan American Games in Buenos Aires, Argentina. She trained in San Lorenzo de Almagro.

</doc>
<doc id="20243540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243540" title="Old Ebbitt Grill">
Old Ebbitt Grill

Old Ebbitt Grill is a historic bar and restaurant located at 675 15th Street NW in Washington, D.C., in the United States. It is Washington's oldest bar and restaurant, and as of 2012 was owned by Clyde's Restaurant Group. It opened as an unnamed restaurant in the Ebbitt House hotel. The hotel was razed and rebuilt in the same location in 1827. Ebbitt House was razed in 1926 to make way for the National Press Club Building, but the restaurant was incorporated by Anders Lofstrand, Sr., as a stand-alone business. It moved into new quarters at 1427 F Street NW. After Lofstrand's death in 1955, the restaurant was purchased by Peter Bechas in 1961. The restaurant was sold at a tax sale in June 1970, and was purchased by Clyde's Restaurant Group. The 1427 F Street NW location was demolished in 1983, and Old Ebbitt Grill moved into its current quarters at 675 15th Street NW.
For many years while it was part of Ebbitt House, the bar/restaurant had no stand-alone name or identity. It began using the name "New Ebbitt Café" in November 1910. In 1926, after the restaurant became a stand-alone business, it was known as both "Ebbitt's Grill" and "Old Ebbitt Grill". Over time, only the Old Ebbitt Grill name was used. It retained that name after its ownership changes in 1961 and 1970.
Since 1970, Old Ebbitt grill has become the site of political scandals and parties hosted by famous actors and singers. For many years, it has been the restaurant with one of the highest amount of sales in the United States. Old Ebbitt Grill created an popular annual event known as the Oyster Riot in 1995.
Ebbitt House: 1856 to 1925.
First Ebbitt House.
The building which later was owned by William E. Ebbitt was located on the southeast corner of F Street NW and 14th Street NW in the city of Washington, D.C. In June 1798, William Crawford obtained title to four parcels of land on the southeast corner of 14th and F Streets. The four parcels lay west-to-east along 14th Street. In 1800, Crawford built two four-story Federal-style houses on the two easternmost parcels of this property. The garden of the houses extended west onto the two empty lots on the corner, and down the hill in the rear almost to Pennsylvania Avenue. In 1833, Bushrod W. Reed relocated to the District of Columbia from Westmoreland County, Virginia, purchased the two easternmost lots from Crawford, and between 1833 and 1836 built a double-wide, four-story, Federal-style building on the corner next to the Crawford homes. Crawford's daughter, Sarah, married Richard Forrest, one of the first eight clerks appointed in 1801 by Thomas Jefferson in the United States Department of State. William Crawford installed Richard and Sarah Forrest in his houses, and they inherited them upon his death. Richard Forrest died in 1828, and Sarah died in 1832. Although it is unclear what happened to the property after Sarah Crawford's death, some time prior to 1856 it was purchased by William J. Smith. Smith joined the two houses into a single unit, and named them "Frenchman's Hotel" (because he employed a French immigrant as the manager of the facility).
In 1856, William E. Ebbitt purchased Frenchman's Hotel from Smith, turned it into a boarding house, and renamed it Ebbitt House. During this time, the boarding house also took in guests from the Willard Hotel. On September 1, 1863, Ebbitt sold the boarding house to his son-in-law, Albert H. Craney. Exactly a year later, Craney sold the property to Caleb C. Willard, brother of Willard Hotel owner Henry A. Willard. Willard converted the boarding house into a hotel. The same year, Willard purchased Bushrod Reed's property as well. He joined the Ebbitt and Reed properties into a single unit, enclosing a wide alley between the two and building bathrooms (with oval windows) in the space above.
A three-story home on 14th Street adjacent to Ebbitt House was occupied by the Reed family as well, although by 1864 it had been purchased by Willard and the roof raised. At that time it was not part of the hotel yet, and Willard leased it to the "New York Times" for office space. Two single-story buildings south of the Reed home were also built and owned by Reed, and by 1865 used by the "Philadelphia Inquirer", "New York Evening Post", and other newspapers. Next to the one-story homes was Farnham House. Originally owned and built by David Burns (whose plantation formed much of the downtown area that would become Washington, D.C.), Burns gave the house to his daughter Marcia, who in turn sold it to William H. Dorsey in 1802. On May 16, 1818, Dorsey sold the house to William Blanchard. Blanchard's daughter, Jane Farnham, inherited the property on June 10, 1850, after his death. By 1865, it housed the D.C. offices of the "New York Herald". The large number of newspapers with offices all along 14th Street between E and F Streets garnered the area the nickname "Newspaper Row," a name it would hold into the 1930s. Farnham sold her house at auction to Caleb Willard on October 4, 1866, for $74,000.
For many years prior to the construction of the Ebbitt House stables in the 1872, a large house known as Bull's Head existed at the rear of the hotel. The house marked the northeast corner of Murder Bay. Bull's Head housed prostitutes and contained a large, lower-class gambling den.
Second Ebbitt House.
Willard razed Ebbitt House in 1872, doubled its size, and built a six-story, Second Empire-style hotel with a mansard roof. The hotel had 300 rooms, canopied windows, and an elevator. The dining room was two stories high, with floor to ceiling windows, white marble floor, white painted walls, and a fresco on the ceiling. The dining room was in the rear of the hotel, on the site of what used to be Farnham house (which in photographs from the period was the last three windows on 14th Street). Its massive chandeliers led it to be called "the Crystal Room." The bar, which was exquisitely paneled, was reached by passing through the lobby and down a flight of stairs into the basement.
The hotel was one of the most fashionable in the city in the late 1800s, and the lodgings and restaurant were patronized by politicians and high-ranking military officers. Major General Winfield Scott Hancock, Commanding General of the United States Army William Tecumseh Sherman, and Rear Admiral Samuel Rhoads Franklin all lived there for a time. It is well-documented that President Ulysses S. Grant and President Andrew Johnson both dined in the restaurant frequently, as did abolitionist clergyman Henry Ward Beecher. Perhaps the most famous figure who lived there the longest was William McKinley. McKinley and his wife lived there from 1877 to 1890, during his entire congressional career. He dined almost nightly with his wife in the restaurant. His close friend, Representative and later President James A. Garfield, visited McKinley often in the hotel, and McKinley departed for his presidential inaugural from the hotel. Presidents Grover Cleveland, Theodore Roosevelt, and Warren G. Harding all drank in the bar there. Chief Justice of the United States Salmon P. Chase lived there (and died there in October 1886), as did Rear Admiral John Lee Davis. William Howard Taft lived there from 1890 to 1892 when he was United States Solicitor General.
Ebbitt House struggled to compete against the larger and more lavish Willard Hotel and the Raleigh Hotel (built in 1893). From the late 1860s until the 1910s, it was considered "Army and Navy Headquarters" because of the number of military personnel who lived there and the large number of veterans meetings held there. In November 1889, Caleb Willard hired Henry C. Burch and Charles E. Gibbs (both veteran hotel managers in the city) to run Ebbitt House. Over the next two years, Burch and Gibbs completely refurnished all the rooms (adding new furniture and Belgian carpets), re-papered or added painted frescoes to the ceilings, and installed new furniture in the hallways. On the east side was the now-famous Red Parlor, a gentleman's lounge fitted out with rich red and gold draperies, fabric wall coverings, and upholstered furniture. The restaurant, called cheerful and sunny by the "Washington Post", now fronted onto 14th Street NW, was lit with crystal chandeliers, and could seat up to 225 people. It was completely remodeled by Burch and Gibbs: Guests now dined on tablecloths imported from Scotland using Haviland & Co. Limoges porcelain china, silver-handled knives and forks manufactured by Reed & Barton, and Bohemian glassware. Cut-glass flower vases, finger bowls, and water bottles were used for serving. Diners sat in high-backed leather chairs. At breakfast, the waiters wore brown cutaway jackets, vests, and pants with a gold stripe, while in the evening they changed into black tuxedos. The kitchen, too, underwent a metamorphosis, as new steam tables and massive coffee urns (manufactured by Brambull, Deane & Co. of New York City) were installed. The menu — served buffet-style — included Blue Point oysters, green sea turtle, Kennebec River salmon, mutton, chicken, hominy fritters, stewed diamondback terrapin, canvasback duck, English pheasant, and a variety of vegetables, fruits, cheese, crackers, nuts, pies, and puddings. Wines, whiskeys, and brandies were served from two large storerooms. Despite the success of the changes, Gibbs left Ebbitt House in 1893 after purchasing Wormley's Hotel. This left Burch the sole manager of the hotel. The exterior of the hotel was significantly renovated in 1895. An enormous two-story mansard roof with central and corner pavilions influenced by the French Beaux-Arts movement now adorned the top floor, replacing the original single-story, restrained mansard roof.
Ebbitt House slowly declined. In 1907, John Helmus, who oversaw the serving staff and bar for 39 years, died. Caleb Willard, now one of the most famous and wealthiest men in Washington, D.C., died on August 2, 1905. H.C. Burch died the following year. Willard's estate rented Ebbitt House to George R. Shutt, who had formerly managed the National Hotel (at 6th Street NW and Pennsylvania Avenue NW). Shutt said it was his intention to remove all the stores occupying the 14th Street side of the building to the south side, and to add a large café in its place. He also planned to add a women-only restaurant to the lobby. Lucy Parker Willard, widow of Caleb Willard, died on January 12, 1910.
Shutt took over management of the hotel on May 16, 1910. Shutt's plans had changed somewhat in the intervening nine months. Now he intended to devote the whole 14th Street side to the restaurant, as well as renovate the kitchen. A new head chef and assistant chefs were already employed. The women's café had now moved into the basement, where it occupied a portion of the old restaurant. The office space was enlarged, and the restrooms moved into the basement so that lounges could be built. An air conditioning plant was installed, elevators replaced, sleeping rooms enlarged, and bathrooms added to all sleeping rooms. What was known as the "New Ebbitt Café" opened in November 1910. It was widely considered the most luxurious restaurant in the city when it opened. The floors were colorful mosaic tiles, the furnishings were expensive, and the café profusely decorated with palms and ferns.
Razing of the second Ebbitt House.
The hotel continued to decline. A fire broke out in the kitchen on August 12, 1913, doing extensive damage. Two fire companies had to respond to the blaze, which did $5,000 worth of damage. Just three months later, Shutt was accused by the city of selling liquor in the bar to underage children. A jury could not reach agreement on the charges in December 1913, but the charges were not dismissed until September 1914.
But the renovations were not enough. Shutt died in 1919, and his widow attempted to run the hotel. Shutt eventually turned the hotel over to Augustus Gumpert. Prohibition began in the District of Columbia on November 1, 1917. The night before, Ebbitt Grill ran out of liquor by 10:45 P.M. While Prohibition lasted, Ebbitt Grill was known as part of "Rum Row"—former bars in an area bounded by 13th and 14th Streets NW and E and F Streets NW which continued to sell alcohol furtively. In 1923, the Willard estate (which had retained ownership since Lucy Willard's death in 1910), decided to sell the hotel. The new owners, however, refused to renew Gumpert's lease on a yearly basis. They insisted on a month-to-month lease, but Gumpert could not come to agreement with his vendors (which required a yearly lease to ensure a steady stream of income). Gumpert and the new owners both agreed the hotel should close.
Ebbitt House and its restaurant were razed in 1926 to make way for the National Press Club building. Ebbitt House closed to the public at noon on Friday, May 1, 1925, and the furnishings auctioned off on Tuesday, May 5. By this time, the hotel was so run down that the furnishings often went for a fraction of their replacement value, most going for less than a dollar. At first, it was not entirely clear whether a new Ebbitt House hotel would be built. In July 1925, the "Washington Post" reported that Gumpert was constructing a new 10-story, 125-room Ebbitt House hotel at 10th and H Streets NW. The old hotel continued to stand, and rumors said the building would be turned into a department store or a movie theater. But in November 1925, the owners announced that the building would be razed to make way for the National Press Club Building. Demolition of the building began at 1:00 P.M. on January 6, 1926, as National Press Club President Henry L. Sweinhart ceremoniously removed a brick from the existing building.
Old Ebbitt Grill: 1926 to 1983.
Lofstrand years.
The Ebbitt House bar, its paneling, and decorations were removed before the hotel's demolition and installed at a new location at 1427 F Street NW. The media reported the restaurant's name as "Ebbitt's Grill" and "Old Ebbitt Grill". Anders R. Lofstrand, Sr. was the proprietor. Lofstrand was a veteran bar and club entrepreneur in the city and in southern Maryland. He helped incorporate the Calvert Club (a private gentleman's drinking establishment dedicated to the memory of Leonard Calvert, 2nd Baron Baltimore) in 1914. He and his wife, Elizabeth, later purchased Southlawn Farm (now a part of the city of Rockville, Maryland) in 1944, and in 1946 built a factory on it. His son, Anders R. Lofstrand, Jr., invented a machine to wash drinking glasses at Old Ebbitt Grill.
The history of the restaurant between its establishment in 1926 and the 1980s is not well documented. The media reported on Old Ebbitt Grill only a few times. For example, after the repeal of Prohibition in the United States, Ebbitt Grill sought a liquor license in May 1934.
Bechas years.
Anders Lofstrand, Sr. died in 1955, and in April 1961 Old Ebbitt Grill was sold to Peter Bechas, the former head waiter at the Willard Hotel from 1955 to 1958. Bechas' ownership of the restaurant was marred by repeated tax problems. Between April 1961 and April 1970, the restaurant paid its sales tax in only six of 105 months. He was successfully prosecuted for failure to pay sales taxes in 1963 and 1966, and was prosecuted again in 1970. The business also failed to deposit withholding taxes on employee wages with the city.
Old Ebbitt Grill changed hands again in 1970. The restaurant had little reputation by 1969, and was primarily known for its pork chops, seafood, and steaks, and for being one of the few D.C. restaurants to serve dinner until 12:30 A.M. In July 1969, Old Ebbitt Grill was one of 171 firms in the city cited for non-payment of taxes. A tax claim was also filed by the federal government, and the business was unable to satisfy the claim. On June 5, 1970, Old Ebbitt Grill was closed by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for failure to pay $10,995.15 in taxes going back to 1965. Old Ebbitt Grill was purchased on June 16, 1970, at a tax sale by the Stuart Davidson and John Laytham, co-owners of the restaurant Clyde's of Georgetown. Clyde's was founded in 1963 by Davidson (then an investment banker) after new legislation made it legal to consume liquor to patrons standing at bars. (Since 1917, liquor could only be consumed only at tables.) Davidson and Laytham bid in the tax sale hoping to buy beer steins and mahogany bar but ended up with the entire restaurant. The IRS offered the entire restaurant for sale after an auction of individual items failed to raise more than $6,639. The sale price was $11,250. Among the items they purchased were a 200 year old clock (which used carved wooden gears for its mechanism), a carved wooden grizzly bear once owned by Alexander Hamilton, crystal decanters dating to 1575, and stuffed boar's head, swordfish, alligator, and walrus head.
Clyde's Restaurant Group years.
The new Old Ebbitt Grill improved much of its menu. It reopened at the same location on October 13, 1970. The mahogany bar was slightly lowered, new HVAC installed, and a general $130,000 refurbishment undertaken. Clyde's and Old Ebbitt Grill shared the same menus, which lowered costs and led to improved training for kitchen staff. In June 1974, a "Washington Post" food review declared Old Ebbitt's fare to be "American, plain, and not bad". By 1977, "Washington Post" food critic Donald Dresden was praising the restaurants bacon cheeseburgers and innovative menu items: "Imitators are still trying to top Clyde's and the Ebbitt's bacon cheeseburgers and the disc-shaped deep-fried potatoes that come with—but they'll have to keep trying still." The new owners also retained Old Ebbitt's dark paneling, shelves of beer steins, mounted game trophies, and spittoons, which it had long showcased. The decor was made more whimsical, however, leading "Washington Post" architectural critic Wolf Von Eckardt to declare in 1978 that it was "one of the most charming rendezvous on the Eastern Seaboard". The restaurant featured bare, unpolished wood flooring throughout, with a fern bar on the second floor. "Washington Post" reporter Pamela Kessler said in 1981, "The restaurant feels like old Philadelphia, rather than a slicker, parvenu Washington".
Old Ebbitt Grill gained notoriety in 1977 as the location where a Soviet spy ring operated. In 1976, Vladimir I. Alekseyev (a reporter for the Soviet Union's news agency, TASS) contacted United States Information Agency employee Ronald L. Humphrey—who was already acting as a spy for the North Vietnamese government. Humphreys had already been identified by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), and was facing prosecution for his actions. Humphrey and his attorney told the FBI about the contact immediately, and Humphrey agreed to act as a double agent. Alekseyev and Humphrey met at Old Ebbitt Grill in December 1976. Alekseyev was expelled from the United States on February 6, 1977.
The restaurant continued to improve through the late 1970s and into the early 1980s. In 1978, it was one of the few establishments in Washington, D.C., to serve Guinness Stout on tap. In 1979, "Washington Post" restaurant reviewer Lon Tuck noted that Old Ebbitt's Omelet Room was one of the most famous locations in the city. Its trademark omelets were the "Old Ebbitt" (made with sharp cheddar cheese and Bermuda onions) and another made with chili and served with a garden salad with Roquefort blue cheese dressing. "Washington Post" reporter Pamela Kessler observed in 1981 that its signature dishes included chili, blue cheese and Welsh rarebit hamburgers, quiche Lorraine, a Reuben sandwich, and steaks. Its crab cakes, however, were poorly reviewed as too bland and heavy with bread. It was also one of the few dining places in the city to stay open until 1:00 A.M.
Demolition of 1427 F Street.
Old Ebbitt Grill was demolished again in 1983.
The restaurant was first threatened with demolition in 1962. Around the corner from the restaurant on 15th Street NW (and across the street from the U.S. Treasury Building) stood the nearly block-long Keith-Albee Building (designed by noted architect Jules Henri de Sibour) and Rhodes' Tavern (the first polling place in the city, the first city town hall, and the place where citizens of the District of Columbia first petitioned Congress for the right to vote). But developer Morris Cafritz, who purchased the Keith-Albee Building and Rhodes' Tavern in 1956, wanted to tear down the entire half-block to build a new office building.
Nothing came of Cafritz's proposal at that time. But the threat of demolition remained potent enough that in 1970 a committee of citizens known as the "Landmarks Committee" recommended that the city enact legislation protecting the two structures (and Old Ebbitt Grill). No legislation was enacted, however.
In 1977, developer Oliver T. Carr proposed tearing down the entire block between F and G Streets NW and 14th and 15th Streets NW and constructing a 12-story hotel and office building complex to be called Metropolitan Square. Demolition would include Old Ebbitt Grill and Rhodes' Tavern. Carr had already negotiated to move the Old Ebbitt Grill to a new location within the new structure. There was little opposition to the demolition of most of the block (which included the Old Ebbitt Grill site). A series of lawsuits, petitions, and intervention by city and federal officials occurred. As demolition proceeded, Old Ebbitt Grill hosted a large party which won notice in the "Washington Post". Attendance was so large, the party spilled out into the street. Music was provided by Federal Jazz Commission, a traditional "classic" jazz band, provided music indoors and out. In February 1980, Carr agreed to preserve the facades of the Keith-Albee and National Metropolitan Bank buildings as part of the Metropolitan Square development. In August 1980, Carr announced that Old Ebbitt Grill would reopen in a corner location near to its old 1427 F Street NW spot. The restaurant said it would lease of space on two levels, with the bar, main restaurant, and oyster bar on the main level. Old Ebbitt intended to close its doors in April 1983 and reopen a few weeks later in the new location in May.
The time frame for closure proved optimistic. Old Ebbitt Grill did not close its doors at 1427 F Street until September 12, 1983. 1427 F Street NW was demolished in early December 1983.
Old Ebbitt Grill: 1984 to present.
1980s.
Old Ebbitt Grill reopened at 675 15th Street NW in early October 1983. Clyde's Restaurant Group spent $4.4 million constructing and outfitting the interior. The architectural firm of Andrews & Chatelain designed the interior. The interior decoration was designed to mimic the bar at 1427 F Street, and included the game trophies (some of which were originals, not recreations, and rumored to have been shot by President Theodore Roosevelt). Old Ebbitt's famous mahogany bar was not installed in the new location, however. A replica was crafted instead. The walls were mahogany, however, and the ceilings decorated with murals and stencils. The restaurant had seating for 200 at tables and in booths. The booths had green leather seats and velvet-covered walls, and were separated from one another by etched glass dividers. The long bar still sported mounted game animal trophies overhead, the fixtures were of marble or brass, and the curtains of lace. An oyster bar was added to the rear of the restaurant on the main floor. The kitchen featured a special charcoal-burning grill, and the wine cellar featured a Cruvinet wine dispensing system. Gas lamps helped light the main bar and booth area. A year after its opening, the "Washington Post" said it had the best dining ambience of any restaurant in the city.
The restaurant also instituted a "back waiter" system. Back waiters were trained to balance plates of food on their arms, so they could get them to tables faster without the need to load and unload trays. Back waiters were required to have excellent physical strength and good balance. The back waiter system was created so that waiters continued to wait on tables rather than spending time in the kitchen waiting for orders to be filled. The Omelet Room did not make the transition to the new location (as national health campaigns against high cholesterol had reduced demand for foods heavy in eggs). Instead, the basement contained a large private dining room.
The new restaurant was immediately popular. "Washington Post" food critic Phyllis Richman declared the restaurant's signature hamburger its best entree. She found the appetizers and salads excellent, but considered the pasta dishes hit-or-miss and disparaged the main entrees. Within a year, the restaurant was mostly being patronized by Yuppies, lawyers, and tourists. 1986 food reviews in the "Washington Post" concluded that Old Ebbitt Grill had the worst omelets and worst pancakes in the city, but the best appetizers. Its main claim to fame was its hefty portions and moderate prices.
Old Ebbitt Grill played a role in the Iran–Contra affair of 1986. Beginning in 1984, officials in the Reagan administration sought to sell conventional weapons to Iran via Israel in exchange for Iran using its influence to win the release of American hostages being held by Hezbollah and other terrorist groups in Lebanon (then in the throes of a civil war). In December 1985, Oliver North, a Lieutenant Colonel in the Marine Corps who was serving as a military aide to the National Security Council, proposed selling the weapons directly to Iran at a $15 million mark-up, and then using the excess funds to supply arms and supplies to the Contras. The Contras were guerilla fighters opposed to the communist government of Nicaragua led by Daniel Ortega. The United States was barred by law (the Boland Amendment) from supporting the Contras. The Iran-Contra affair was exposed by the press on November 3, 1986, and President Reagan publicly admitted that an arms-for-hostages deal existed on November 13. But the diversion of funds to the Contras was not yet exposed. On November 22, Assistant Attorney General William Bradford Reynolds discovered an April 1986 draft memo from North to National Security Advisor John Poindexter (at the time, also serving as a Vice Admiral in the United States Navy) which suggested that $12 million in Iranian weapons sales be used to help the Contras. Reynolds discovered the document in North's files during a meeting with North in his White House office. Reynolds smuggled the document out of North's office and took it to a luncheon meeting with Attorney General Edwin Meese. When shown the document, Meese allegedly said, "Oh, darn." Assistant Attorney General Charles J. Cooper, also present at the lunch at Old Ebbitt, declared the memo a "bomb."
In the late 1980s, Old Ebbitt Grill became a popular hangout for actors and crew from the nearby National Theatre and Warner Theatre. Dancer and director Bob Fosse was about to host a party at Old Ebbitt Grill when he collapsed outside the restaurant and died of a heart attack on September 23, 1987, after a revival of "Sweet Charity" (which he choreographed) had just debuted at the National Theatre. Old Ebbitt began hanging posters for current theatrical performances in the lobby. President George H. W. Bush and First Lady Barbara Bush met the singer and actor Sting at Old Ebbitt Grill after his Washington debut in the title role in "Three Penny Opera" in September 1989. The Rolling Stones dined at the restaurant a few weeks later after a concert in the city. In 1991, playwright Neil Simon, director George Saks, and the cast of the play "Lost in Yonkers" held the opening night after-party on January 17, 1991, at Old Ebbitt Grill. Just minutes before the curtain rose on the Washington debut of the play, the cast learned that the United States had declared war on Iraq to start the Gulf War. After the world premier of the motion picture "The River Wild" in August 1994 in Washington, D.C., a reception of the stars was held at Old Ebbitt.
1990s.
In the early 1990s, Old Ebbitt Grill was one of the financially best-performing restaurants in the city. In July 1992, the "Washington Business Journal" said the 390-seat Old Ebbitt Grill grossed more money than any other restaurant in the D.C. metropolitan area (even though it spent $17,000 a month on table linens). The "Washington Post's" Phyllis Richman claimed the combination of superb hamburgers with seasonal foods (fresh Alaskan halibut during three weeks, corn on the cob in the summer, locally grown vegetables and berries) was what drew customers. In May 1994, Old Ebbitt Grill added a take-out service, Ebbitt Express, in the atrium section of its restaurant. But in 1995, business dropped after Pennsylvania Avenue NW was closed to street traffic and curbside parking was eliminated on 15th Street NW (in front of the restaurant) for security reasons. Some of the business was made up by Ebbitt Express, which by December 1997 was serving 600 meals a day—twice as many as projected.
Old Ebbitt Grill's oyster bar closed in 1992 after numerous people fell ill after eating raw oysters infected with the deadly "Vibrio vulnificus" bacteria. The restaurant established a procedure for an independent laboratory to test its oysters for the bacteria prior to consumption. In November 1994, Old Ebbitt Grill reopened its oyster bar to much press attention. "Washington Post" food critic Eve Zibart, writing in August 1995, said that its highly polished woodwork, counter facing the ice bed and shuckers, and excellent selection of oysters made it a "first-class raw bar". Shortly after the oyster bar reopened, Old Ebbitt Grill lost its long-time chef, Juan Bosio. The restaurant hired Robert McGowan, formerly a chef at Sardi's in New York City.
2000s.
Security changes in Washington, D.C., after the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks significantly affected Old Ebbitt Grill for a while. The restaurant was forced to close for two days when streets near the White House were closed. Over the next two weeks, the restaurant lost half its business (normally 2,000 customers a day, most of them politicians and businessmen). First Lady Laura Bush, however, began patronizing the restaurant. Business returned to normal. Even the Beltway sniper attacks of fall 2002 did not impact business, and business was holding steady as of February 2003. Security restrictions almost meant that Old Ebbitt Grill was unable to sell coffee and hot chocolate to spectators watching the inaugural parade of Barack Obama (as it had done for decades). However, the Democratic Leadership Council rented the entire restaurant that year for a private party on Inauguration Day.
In 2003, Old Ebbitt Grill was busiest on weekends in the spring, when high school tourist business was at its highest in the city. The restaurant was praised by the "Washington Post" for being able to accommodate large groups, offering a variety of plain and upscale food, providing friendly service, and having the best raw bar in the city. But the restaurant was criticized by the newspaper for being too noisy for conversation, and providing bland hamburgers, salads, and breakfast. By 2008, however, Old Ebbitt Grill had improved. "Post" food critic Tom Sietsema continued to laud the friendly service. But he also praised the Breakfast Club, a deep-fried ham, French toast, and bacon breakfast sandwich; small touches like coat hooks near booths and pepper mills on tables; and found the staff's honesty about menu choices refreshing.
In 2009, Old Ebbitt Grill had the fourth or fifth highest volume of customers in the United States. Due to its proximity to the White House, it was a favorite of United States Secret Service personnel. In 2010, after the Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear, comedian Stephen Colbert hosted a Comedy Central after-party at Old Ebbitt Grill. In attendance were Wyatt Cenac, Rosario Dawson, Mick Foley, Tim Meadows, John Oliver (a Colbert show regular), and Jamie Hyneman and Adam Savage (the hosts of the "MythBusters" television series).
2010s.
In January 2012, Clyde's Restaurant Group chief executive officer John Laytham claimed that Old Ebbitt Grill was the third- or fourth-highest grossing restaurant in the country. Laytham said the restaurant turned away 800 to 900 customers a day, but still did $26 million in sales in 2011. In April 2012, sales were still 1 percent ahead of 2011. But after a slow summer, business at the restaurant had slowed so much that sales were steady compared to 2011.
Old Ebbitt Grill said in December 2012 that it was already booked for a private event for the second inauguration of Barack Obama.
About the restaurant.
Old Ebbitt Grill has four bars: the Old Bar (which is part of the Main Dining Room, and features the mounted game trophies), the Oyster Bar (to the right of the entry foyer), Grant's Bar (toward the rear of the restaurant, adjacent to the Atrium Dining Room), and the Corner Bar (up the short steps and to the left of the entry foyer, along G Street NW). The etched glass panels separating the Old Bar from the Main Dining Room were created by Charles Shefts. Grant's Bar, named for American Civil War General Ulysses S. Grant, features a ceiling mural by Carol Loeb. An oil painting by Peter Egeli replicates one of Mathew Brady's famous Civil War photographs of Grant.
The Main Dining Room contains booth seating and limited table seating. The Atrium Dining Room in the rear offers table seating, although fixed, long benches provide some seating. The Atrium Dining Room contains a large marble fountain, and is open to the atrium in the center of Metropolitan Square. Ebbitt Express is located in the Atrium Dining Room.
Downstairs from the entry foyer is the Cabinet Room, a dining room available for private events.
The foyer and Main Dining Room feature paintings by Kamil Kubik, and in the Oyster Bar hang oil paintings by Peter Egeli and watercolors by J. Robert Burnell. The large Howard Chandler Christy painting, "Three Bathers", hangs near the rear of the Main Dining Room. The Corner Bar is decorated with paintings by Claiborne D. Gregory, Jr., and carved waterfowl decoys by numerous artists. Sculptures by John Dreyfuss adorn the Atrium Dining Room. Impressionist works by James Harrington hang throughout the restaurant. Paintings of game birds by Robin Hill hang in the Cabinet Room.
Recent reviews.
In 2011, the "Washington Post" listed Old Ebbitt Grill as one of the top three raw bars in the city. "Post" food reviewer Tom Sietsema, however, had little good to say about the entrees (nearly all of which he found disappointing) and the service (which he found to be tardy and focused more on getting customers to buy more food). The busy atmosphere, he argued, was not conducive to a positive dining experience. Despite the poor 2011 review, the Restaurant Association of Metropolitan Washington gave Old Ebbitt Grill its Visitors' Choice Award in 2011.
Oyster Riot.
Oyster Riot is an annual oyster eating event held at Old Ebbitt Grill each November, the weekend before Thanksgiving. Although it was originally a four-hour, all-you-can eat and drink event held on a single day, Oyster Riot was a three-hour event in 2011 which occurred Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Oyster Riot first occurred in October 1995 as a means of promoting Old Ebbitt Grill's oyster bar. The oyster bar served 15 to 20 different varieties of oyster, and matched them with seven to 10 different types of wine specially chosen to match the oysters. The four-hour-long event was all you can eat/all you can drink. Oyster Riot proved wildly popular. In 2007, the event sold every ticket in just 38 minutes.
In 2010, Old Ebbitt Grill joined the Shell Recycling Alliance, a project of the Oyster Recovery Partnership (a nonprofit helping to restore oyster populations in the Chesapeake Bay). Old Ebbitt Grill donates its used oyster shells to the alliance, which plants baby oysters (known as "spat") on the shells and deposits them in the bay. The restaurant donated about 14,000 oysters a week to the alliance in 2010. Old Ebbitt has long composted its food waste, but oyster shells were not compostable and before 2010 were thrown out as garbage. To help the Shell Recycling Alliance, Old Ebbitt Grill introduced a new element to its Oyster Riot, a Saturday afternoon event known as "Matinee Riot." Held at noon, a portion of the proceeds are donated to the Oyster Recovery Partnership.
Popular culture.
Old Ebbitt Grill was featured in the movie "In the Line of Fire". An exterior scene was shown and then Clint Eastwood and John Mahoney were shown sitting at Grant's Bar inside. A plaque referencing this movie is on the wall in Grant's Bar.
Alex Kapranos, lead singer for the Scottish rock band Franz Ferdinand, included an entry on Old Ebbitt Grill in his 2006 book, "Sound Bites: Eating on Tour With Franz Ferdinand".
Old Ebbitt Grill is mentioned in the novels "Path of the Assassin" by Brad Thor, "The Outlaws" by W.E.B. Griffin and William E. Butterworth IV, "The Pravda Messenger" by Robert Cornuke, "The Athena Factor" by W. Michael Gear, "House Justice" by Mike Lawson, and "The Green Trap" by Ben Bova.

</doc>
<doc id="20243543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243543" title="Canaan Fair Trade">
Canaan Fair Trade

Canaan Fair Trade is a supplier of bulk as well as finished and packaged olive oil and other goods to Europe, North America and the Middle East. It was founded in 2004 by Palestinian-American Nasser Abufarha and is based in the West Bank city of Jenin.
Canaan's products - including organic fair trade olive oil, honey, tahini, couscous, and za'atar - are produced by over 1,700 farmers in the West Bank organized in informal cooperatives and represented by the Palestine Fair Trade Association.
Canaan Fair Trade also supplies 90% of the organic olive oil used by the U.S. company Dr. Bronner's Magic Soap.
The organization has a scholarship program for the children of its farmers, awarding 4-year full-tuition scholarships to West Bank universities to four students each year.
In 2008, Canaan Fair Trade began construction of a factory and processing facility on of land the near the village of Burqin, west of Jenin. The facility is designed to become both the organization's headquarters, as well as a tourist attraction, and will offer guided tours as well as a boutique selling fair trade products. It is expected to be completed in December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20243582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243582" title="Perognathus longimembris pacificus">
Perognathus longimembris pacificus

The Pacific Pocket Mouse is a Federally Endangered animal in California. It lives in sandy coastal soils. It eats seeds and some insects. It was believed to be extinct until 1993, when a small population was discovered.
Physical description.
The Pacific pocket mice all have different characteristics ranging from the male, female and the baby mice. Since the pocket mice are members on the Heteromyidae, which consists of animals surviving on seeds and grain, they have fur-lined cheek pouches externally. Most of the pocket mouse’s body is covered in fur that feels silky. The coats of the pocket mice are spineless and bristle free. The color of the Pacific pocket mouse has to do with the environment they live in, hence the color of the soil. The dorsal side of the pocket mouse is usually brown and pinkish while the ventral is usually white. On the pocket mouse, there are typically two patches of hairs that are lighter at the base of the ear. The tail of the pocket mouse can either be distinctly or indistinctly bicolored. The soles of the hind feet are hairy, which are also the distinguishing marks on the Pacific pocket mouse along with the two patches of hair that are lighter at the base of the ear. 
The young baby of a pocket mouse is called a “pinkie, kitten or pup.” The females are called “does” and the males are called “bucks.” The pocket mouse group is called a “nest, colony, harvest, horde or mischief.” The skull, hind foot and skull are almost the smallest of all the pocket mouse species. 
Since the Pacific pocket mice are in the midst of the smallest subspecies of little pocket mice, they range from to in length from the nose to the tip of the tail. The tail of the pocket mouse is . The height of the pocket mouse is .625 inches. The pocket mice weigh usually from 0.25 oz. to 0.33 oz.
A pocket mouse can have 8 to 10 pups (baby mice) every year.
Habitat and Distribution.
The Pacific pocket mouse is endemic to the immediate coast of southern California from Marina del Rey and El Segundo in Los Angeles County, south to
the vicinity of the Mexican border in San Diego County. They have not been recorded farther than 2.5 miles away from the ocean.
General and Social Behavior.
The Pacific pocket mouse is the smallest mammal that hibernates. They hibernate during the winter season. During hibernation they feed on seed caches that are stored in their burrows. They eat the seeds of grasses and forbes and they also eat leafy material. A Pacific pocket mouse lives around seven years in captivity and about three to five years in the wild. They are found in fine-grain or sandy areas that are close to the Pacific Ocean. Their habitat consists of coastal strand, coastal dunes, and coastal sage scrub growing on marine terraces. Pacific pocket mouse is usually found around the coast of the Pacific Ocean. Pacific pocket mice normally only interact with their own species. Interactions are experience within their own habitat around the Pacific coast. When they are not interacting with one another they are escaping predators that roam their habitat. Predators such as a red fox, feral or domestic cats threatened the life of the Pacific pocket mouse. Along with trying to avoid such predators they are also in danger because of the exotic Argentine ants. These ants invade the coastal sage scrub areas, which are very near the Pacific pocket mouse’s habitat. The Pacific pocket mouse is endangered and has been on the endangered species list since 1994.
Reproduction.
Like other heteromyids, Perognathus longimembris pacificus (Pacific pocket mouse), is generally asocial and solitary. Other than during reproduction, they do not engage in direct social interactions often. There is relatively little information on the breeding biology of the Pacific pocket mouse. The Pacific pocket mouse does not reproduce offspring in large quantities or at a high speed. Most females typically produce one litter per year, sizing from about two to eight pups; occasionally, females may produce two litters in one year. Generally, the breeding season for the Pacific pocket mouse is the months April through July, peaking in the spring. But, the breeding season can vary due to a few factors. The temperature, amount of food available, and the quantity of plant growth around the Pacific pocket mouse’s habitat can all affect its breeding season. In years with lower than average rainfall, reproduction may not take place. The gestation period for the Pacific pocket mouse lasts for twenty-two to twenty-three days. Newly born mice are smaller than one inch long and weigh less than one gram. As a mammal, the first thing Pacific pocket mouse subsists on is its mother’s milk. Young are weaned after approximately thirty days. The Pacific pocket mouse attains sexual maturity two to five months after birth, but a small number of young may be able to breed less than a month after weaning. 
In the wild, the Pacific pocket mouse lives about three to five years. The life span of a Pacific pocket mouse is sporadic because of their vulnerability in their own habitat. The Pacific pocket mouse is very simple. They stay within the habitat of their birth and feed on simple vegetation that are available within their surroundings. In captivity, its longevity increases to approximately four to six years, no longer than seven and one-half years. In captivity, Pacific pocket mice are able to breed and reproduce more times than in the wild.
Feeding Behavior.
The Pacific pocket mouse’s diet consists of seeds, nuts, and green vegetation, when available. These granivores will leave the burrow at night to gather the seeds, in order to avoid direct contact with the desert sun. Most of these seeds and vegetation can be found in bushes or small shrubbery close to the burrow. When seeds are not easily accessible, the mouse will use its forelimbs to dig holes in order to find resources. Due to the harsh climate, many pocket mice are susceptible to droughts, heat, and extreme temperature changes that can happen within the day. It can live for long periods of time without water by using the moisture from its food and digestive system.
A pocket mouse is highly influenced when seeking its food. Many foraging factors play a part in a pocket mouse’s dietary needs. These factors can range from:
1. Seed size: The size of the seed can determine how filling it will be.
2. Density of food supply: This aspect can determine if a pocket mouse will have enough resources available within a certain distance of its burrow.
3. Nutritional value: This determines if the food is healthy and adequate enough to last through harsh environmental changes.
4. Predation Risk: Pocket mice living in highly vulnerable predator areas are less likely to scavenge for food and must do so with caution.
5. Type of soil: If the soil is too hard, pocket mice must find other means of obtaining their food.
When a pocket mouse has found sufficient seeds, it will begin to store these resources in its fur-lined cheeks. These pockets can vary in length from three inches (76 mm) to twelve. The sizes of the pockets are determined by the ratio of body length and jumping span. These pockets aid the mouse by trimming the amount of time and energy needed to scavenge over a period of time. Its pouches also allow the mouse to survive when there is limited food or predation risk. Once the pocket mouse has filled its cheeks with the seeds, it will scurry down into its burrow to unload its provisions. These seeds are then stored in certain compartments within its burrow. When the time comes, these seeds will be taken out of storage and used as food for the pocket mouse. If supplies are low, a pocket mouse will leave the burrow to refill its supply. Also, during the spring and autumn months, pocket mice will savage more often in order to prepare for the coming of summer and winter when it will be harder to find food.
Endangered Species and Conservation Efforts.
The Perognathus longimembris pacificus (Pacific pocket mouse) was believed to be extinct for nearly 20 years until it was rediscovered in 1993. It was immediately placed on emergency listings by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and received full protection status in 1994. In September 1997 the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service published a recovery plan for the Pacific pocket mouse with the intent of down listing its status to threatened by the year 2023. Currently it is estimated that there are only 150 Pacific pocket mice left in existence. In attempts to conserve the Pacific pocket mouse the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is focusing its efforts on stabilizing current populations, searching for new populations, and establishing additional populations by means of the release of captive-bred individuals. Their goal is to protect the Pacific pocket mouse until it is no longer necessary.
Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton in San Diego and the city of Dana Point have expressed deep concern for the protection of the Pacific pocket mouse. The United States Marine Corps has authorized the relocation of the Pacific pocket mouse to off-base sites in order to create new populations. The Dana Point City Council unanimously supported a residential development proposal that would give the Pacific pocket mouse in the Dana Point Headlands in 1998. They also decided that the Dana Point Headlands Pacific pocket mouse property would be privately owned. It is the intention of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service in accordance with the U.S. Marine Corps and the city of Dana Point to relocate the Pacific pocket mouse out of MCB Camp Pendleton and into the Dana Point Headlands. In 2010, as part of a U.S.G.S. project at Camp Pendleton, scat detection dogs from Conservation Canines were used to locate Pacific pocket mice. They discovered a 5-fold increase in occupied habitat.
Threats to species.
The principal threats to the species and the cause of its present reduced state are habitat destruction, degradation, and fragmentation. These threats are due to different kinds of area development such as urban, agricultural, residential, and recreational. Other threats include ground disturbances or vegetation removal from grading, ripping, or off-road driving. Impacts from construction of roads, railroads, airports and other structures also impact the survival of the Pacific pocket mouse. The loss of groundwater and or blow-sand necessary for habitat maintenance is significant to this species' survival. Because this mouse is an invasive species, factors such as illegal trash dumping, domestic animal predators, road kill, and inadequate regulatory mechanisms affect the species' well being, not to mention the elevated extinction risks that can play a common role on greatly reduced populations. There are five factors that figure into whether or not a species may be determined endangered or threatened. One of those factors is the present or threatened destruction, modification and curtailment of its habitat or range. This is recognized as a form of destruction, modification and curtailment of Pacific pocket mouse habitat and range. This was a major factor in affording it endangered status. Both physical and biological features figure into an organism's critical habitat. In the case of the Pacific pocket mouse, its physical requirements are sandy loamy soil and its biological requirements are a suite of plant communities including coastal sage scrub and grassland. Due to interaction of demographic, genetic, and environment factors, small populations are more susceptible to extinction than larger populations. In addition to the ongoing threats to its habitat, several development projects are proposed or approved within core habitat areas.

</doc>
<doc id="20243583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243583" title="Irish Sports Council">
Irish Sports Council

The Irish Sports Council or ISC () is the organisation which directs the development of sport within the Ireland.
The ISC is a statutory authority and was established in July 1999 under powers provided by the Irish Sports Council Act. Its remit is to plan, lead and co-ordinate the sustainable development of competitive and recreational sport in Ireland.
The ISC comprises eight major divisions including: the Anti-Doping Unit; Corporate Services, Finance, High Performance; Local Sports Partnerships; National Governing Bodies; National Trails Office and the Irish Institute of Sport.

</doc>
<doc id="20243589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243589" title="Luminaria (album)">
Luminaria (album)

Luminaria is the sixth studio album by Ian Moore and was released in 2004 (see 2004 in music).
Track listing.
All songs by Ian Moore, except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="20243610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243610" title="John Chetwynd">
John Chetwynd

John Chetwynd (1643 – 9 December 1702), of Rudge, Shropshire, was Member of Parliament for Stafford from 1689 to 1695, and again in 1701 and 1702. In the intervening period he sat for Tamworth in 1698–1700.
His son inherited the Ingestre estate from his distant cousin Walter Chetwynd the antiquary in 1693, greatly raising the prominence of his branch of the family. His eldest son Walter was created Viscount Chetwynd, a title to which his other two sons succeeded. His daughter Lucy married Edward Younge, Bath King of Arms.

</doc>
<doc id="20243618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243618" title="List of Colorado Rockies seasons">
List of Colorado Rockies seasons

The Colorado Rockies are a professional baseball team based in Denver, Colorado and owned since formation by Charles and Richard Monfort. The Rockies were created as an expansion team for the 1993 season and rose to a postseason appearance after three seasons and the 1994–95 strike. The Rockies have, however, not lived up to this promise since, playing in the postseason only in 2007 when they unexpectedly reached the World Series before being thrashed by the Red Sox and in 2009. In 2012 the Rockies won only sixty-four games - the fewest in their history over a full season.
As of 8/17/12.

</doc>
<doc id="20243654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243654" title="The Enduring Flame Trilogy">
The Enduring Flame Trilogy

The Enduring Flame Trilogy is a three-novel fantasy series, that continues the story covered by "The Obsidian Trilogy". This tale takes place over a thousand years after the conclusion of The Obsidian Trilogy and chronicles the journey of Tiercel Rolfort and Harrier Gillain as they discover that Tiercel has become a Mage of the High Magick.He and Harrier must journey to the Isvanei Desert, to stop an unknown enemy from resurrecting an ancient evil. The novels are co-written by Mercedes Lackey and James Mallory. The series began with "The Phoenix Unchained", released in 2007, continued in 2008 with "The Phoenix Endangered" and ended with the final book, "The Phoenix Transformed", which was released in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20243663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243663" title="Jane Scott (politician)">
Jane Scott (politician)

Jane Antoinette Scott OBE (born 1947) is an English Conservative politician, Leader of the Wiltshire Council unitary authority since June 2009 and before that of its predecessor, the former Wiltshire County Council, between 2003 to 2009. 
After leaving school, Scott trained for a career in agriculture, then worked in the dairy industry, on farms and also in public relations work, marketing and lecturing. She moved to Wiltshire in the early 1990s and in 1995 was elected to North Wiltshire District Council. Two years later, she was elected to Wiltshire County Council, and in 2001 became chairman of its Education Committee, then cabinet member for children, education and libraries, and finally Leader in 2003. In the county council, she represented the Kington electoral division, in the district council Kington St Michael. In the June 2009 first elections to a new Wiltshire Council, which is a unitary authority created by merging the county and its districts, she was elected for a new division called "By Brook". This includes the parishes of Biddestone (including Slaughterford), Castle Combe, Hullavington, Grittleton, Nettleton, North Wraxall, and Yatton Keynell. The Conservatives won 62 of the 98 seats available, and a few days later Scott was elected as the first Leader of the new unitary authority.
When chosen to lead the county council in July 2003, she said: "Being elected leader of the council is a great honour and I intend to devote all of my time and energies to my new responsibilities." For some years, she was a member of the Local Government Association's General Assembly and for a time her name was on the Conservative Party 'A' List of parliamentary candidates.
She is currently a member of the National Youth Agency and the Wiltshire and Swindon Learning Skills Council, chair of the Wiltshire Strategic Board, and a Local Education Authority Inspector for Ofsted.
Married with three children, she lives near Chippenham on a livestock farm.
Scott was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2010 New Year Honours "for services to local government".

</doc>
<doc id="20243704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243704" title="Swinford Townhouses and Apartments">
Swinford Townhouses and Apartments

The Swinford Townhouses and Apartments are a development of townhouses and apartments in the Loring Park neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota. Both buildings are located in an area that surrounded the once-elegant Hawthorne Park. The townhomes were built first, in 1886 by Hodgson & Sons in the Second Empire style, using red brick, stone, and terra cotta. The apartments were designed in 1897 by locally prominent architect Harry Wild Jones, who preferred an eclectic style. The building is four stories tall, built of red brick and stone, and features a corner bay. They were built by Anthony Kelly, a nineteenth-century businessman who pioneered the wholesale grocery business in Minneapolis. Both the townhouses and the apartments were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. The apartments are now incorporated in the Laurel Village development.

</doc>
<doc id="20243725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243725" title="Padaei">
Padaei

The Padaei () or the Padaeans are an Indian tribe described by the Greek historian Herodotus in his work, "The Histories". Herodotus describes them (III.101) as being darker than other Indians and living in a place which is very distant from Persia towards the south and east. An extract from his work (III.99) includes the following:
Scholars in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries suggested a number of possible identifications of the Padaei. Newbold thought that they were likely to be the Batta, a tribe of Sumatra, who he said continued to practice cannibalism. Others have recorded that the Batta of the central Sumatran highlands not only were cannibals, but they also formerly ate their elders Wheeler cited scholars who connected the name "Padaei" variously with a town in Little Tibet (Ladakh), a river in Kutch and the Ganges. He suggested that the name might be a general name or term for the nomadic inhabitants of north-western India. William Smith, citing Mannert, suggested that they might be Tatars, and not an Indian tribe. Latham pointed to the similarity of the name "Padaei" with that of the Batta and the Veddah, and concluded that all that could be said as to the Padaei's identity was that they were a "rude tribe in contact with an Indian population." Rawlinson suggested that they may be the "Bhils, Gonds, or other aboriginal races of central India"
The reliability of Herodotus' description of the Padaei's cannibalistic practices has also been questioned by other scholars. Wheeler took the view that whether they were really cannibals "may be doubted." James Rennell said that Herodotus' description of the Padaei was an "odd mixture of truth and falsehood" which was probably a result of what he considered Herodotus' "very confined knowledge of India." Murphy and Mallory suggest that Herodotus' description may result from a misinterpretation of the ritual of dismemberment known to have been practiced by Iron Age cultures who are believed to have spoken Iranian languages.

</doc>
<doc id="20243809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243809" title="The Three Doctors">
The Three Doctors

The Three Doctors may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20243812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243812" title="Folkets Park in Kävlinge">
Folkets Park in Kävlinge

Folkets Park in Kävlinge, Sweden is a local society who started in 1905 by the workers of Kävlinge shoe factory. In 1905 many people in Kävlinge lived in deep poverty. The factory plant manager allowed workers to explore grounds for growing food besides the factory.
In 28 April 1905 the workers bought land north and west of the factory plant area. Half of it was dedicated to growing food, and the other half to a park for meetings and local pleasures, like dancing and other local festivities. Two days before May Day 1906 the park was officially opened.
Since 2002 the park society has been relocated. A new start with children's theater, local amateur theater and local celebrations has put the park in a new view in Kävlinge. The visitors today come in thousands every year, and many local family traditions have their meetings in the park every summer.

</doc>
<doc id="20243827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243827" title="Jim Cruickshank">
Jim Cruickshank

Jim Cruickshank (13 April 1941 – 18 November 2010) was a former Scottish football goalkeeper, who was born in Glasgow and played for Heart of Midlothian for the majority of his career.
Life and career.
Cruickshank appeared 30 times in league games for the Hampden Park football club Queen's Park between 1958 and 1960.
He joined Hearts in 1960 and left the club in 1977 after 17 years of service. He made 528 appearances for the first team and turned out 394 times in league matches.
He joined Dumbarton for one season after leaving Hearts where he featured in 3 league matches before retiring from the game.
He was capped by the Scotland national football team on six occasions, and was on the losing side only once.
Death.
Cruickshank died on 18 November 2010, aged 69. Former Hearts players Jim Jefferies and Craig Gordon paid tribute to Cruickshank, describing him as a "top goalie" and "undoubtedly one of the best" to play for Hearts.
On 20 November 2010 Hearts paid tribute to Cruickshank by holding a one minute silence before their game against Hamilton Accies. Marian Kello, the current first choice goalkeeper for Hearts, also tied a yellow goalkeeper's jersey with Cruickshank's name and number on the back to his net. During the game, Kello saved a Hamilton penalty kick. Hearts manager Jim Jefferies said after the game that "Jim Cruickshank was a great penalty saver. How fitting is it that Marian comes out with the jersey and makes a fantastic save from a penalty on the day we paid our respects to him".

</doc>
<doc id="20243883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243883" title="Thomas Whitelegg">
Thomas Whitelegg

Thomas Whitelegg was born around 1836-7 in Manchester England, Thomas died at his home in Highgate village in London on 30 March 1911, aged 74. Thomas was the Locomotive, Carriage & Wagon and Marine Superintendent for the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway which today is known as c2c. 
Career.
He began his career as an engineering pupil at the locomotive manufacturering firm Sharp Stewart and Company in Manchester, later becoming a leading erector in that firm. Thomas would later erect a locomotive that was exhibited at the Manchester Exhibition of 1862. 
He later went on to work for Neilson and Company at their Glasgow factory.
His next appointment was at Hamilton Windsor Ironworks Co. in Garston, Liverpool, where he gained experience in marine engineering and design of pontoons and piers. It was in Garston that his son Robert Harben Whitelegg was born.
This was followed by a period of employment for Ruston Proctor & Co in Lincoln. Whilst he was there he worked on the designs of locomotives that were being built for the Great Eastern Railway (GER).
He then obtained employment in the drawing office of the GER Works at Stratford, London where he remained until September 1879.
Next, he was then appointed as the Locomotive Carriage & Wagon and Marine Superintendent for the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway (LT&SR} at their Plaistow Works. He was in fact the first locomotive superintendent for the LT&SR because from its opening in 1854 until 1875 the line was worked by their contractors Peto, Brassey and Betts. From 1875 until Thomas was appointed the LT&SR rolling stock was hired from the GER. Thomas introduced the highly successful outside cylinder 4-4-2T type, starting with the LT&SR 1 Class, which became the mainstay of the LTSR passenger services.
Retirement.
Thomas retired in July 1910. Upon his retirement, his son Robert Whitelegg succeeded him as the Locomotive, Carriage & Wagon Superintendent
Recognition.
A British Rail Class 357 Electrostar EMU (number 357 029) currently operating on the c2c service from Fenchurch Street to Shoeburyness is named in honour of Thomas Whitelegg.

</doc>
<doc id="20243900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243900" title="Robert Whitelegg">
Robert Whitelegg

Robert Harben Whitelegg (October 1871–9 March 1957) was an English mechanical engineer. He was Locomotive Superintendent of the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway (LTSR), then Chief Mechanical Engineer of the Glasgow and South Western Railway (G&SWR), and General Manager of Beyer, Peacock and Company. 
Career.
Whitelegg was born in the suburb of Garston, Merseyside, whilst his father Thomas Whitelegg was employed locally at the Hamilton Windsor Ironworks Company. He was educated at Stratford House School, Brewers Company School and City of London College. He went on to train under his father Thomas at the Plaistow Works of the London Tilbury & Southend Railway. Later in 1891 he would be appointed as the inspector of new rolling stock and materials. The following year he was working at Nasmyth, Wilson and Company's works in Manchester where was supervising the construction of engines being built for the LTSR. He would later follow this with a short period in Spain for the same firm.
Robert returned to England in 1905, where he became the Works Manager at the Plaistow shed and succeeded his father (Thomas Whitelegg) as Locomotive Superintendent in June 1910. Following the development of an enlarged 4-4-2T in 1912 he produced a large 4-6-4T and some special coaches for the Ealing and Southend services. Before delivery of the 4-6-4T the LT&SR was amalgamated with the Midland Railway, in 1912. Robert felt unable to accept a subordinate position on the Midland Railway. He applied unsuccessfully for the post of Chief Mechanical Engineer on the Great Eastern Railway, however A.J. Hill was appointed, so Robert sought what employment he could find, later becoming a partner in a small agricultural engineering firm at Towcester. In 1915 he became a consulting engineer in London for the Canadian Locomotive Company, who at the time were supplying locomotives for the military in France. In 1917, at the invitation of the deputy controller of merchant shipbuilding he joined the Admiralty where he was chiefly engaged on the standardisation of shipyard machinery as well as inspection of shipbuilding materials for the construction of standard ships. 
On 6 August 1918 he returned to the railway, working as Locomotive Superintendent of the Glasgow & South Western Railway at Kilmarnock in Scotland. On the 1 January 1919 his job title became Chief Mechanical Engineer. He found the entire locomotive stock and the works so badly run down after World War I that he had to order 10 Drummond 0-6-2Ts from North British Locomotive Company, these were built in 1919. He also sent the boilers out for overhaul as well as rebuilding several existing locomotives. In addition to this in 1922 he brought out another impressive-looking 4-6-4T for use on fast passenger train service between Glasgow and the coast. He also prepared designs for a 4-4-4T and a 4-6-6T. 
On 1 January 1923 the Glasgow & South Western Railway became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway and further developments were stopped. At this point Robert left to become General Manager of Beyer, Peacock and Company at Gorton in Manchester in succession to an unhappy gentleman by the name of Watson who had died shortly after his appointment. Here Robert patented several articulated locomotives of the Beyer-Garratt type. In 1929 Robert left to tour railways in Canada and USA. In 1930 he turned to consulting work in partnership with J.D. Rogers, former assistant superintendent of motive power for the Virginian Railway. He retired in 1941.
Death.
Robert died at his home in Chelsea, London on 9 March 1957 aged 85.
Recognition.
A British Rail class 357 Electrostar EMU (number 357 030) currently operating on the LT&SR line from Fenchurch Street to Shoeburyness is named in honour of "Robert Harben Whitelegg" (1871 - 1957).

</doc>
<doc id="20243954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20243954" title="Hellingly Cricket Club">
Hellingly Cricket Club

Hellingly Cricket Club is a cricket club based in Hellingly, East Sussex, England. The club was formed in 1758, and 2008 marked the 250th anniversary.
History.
The club dates back to 1758 when a newspaper contained the following article - On 21 June 1758, the gentlemen of Hellingly joined the gentlemen of the nearby villages Chiddingly and Chalvington to a game of cricket against the gentlemen of Firle and Ringmer, to be played at The Broil in Ringmer. This match is still commemorated each year with an annual cricket game played in the form of the Chalvington Cup (which Hellingly currently hold in 2010). In a sponsored walk in March and April 2008, to celebrate the anniversary, members hit a cricket ball the 140 miles from Lords to their ground and back again.
The club's old minute books show that the present cricket club was reformed on May 10, 1904 and that cricket was played at the turn of the century on the field that is now Horsebridge Recreation Ground. Several years later Hellingly moved cricket grounds around the village until in 1953 a new cricket pitch was laid and a pavilion was erected back at Horsebridge Recreation Ground.
1972 saw six local clubs get together to form the East Sussex Cricket League. Hellingly in 1975 were the tenth team to join the league. Today the league has grown and now has twelve divisions with over 110 teams playing in it. In 2007, Hellingly made the decision to join the Sussex Cricket League, and 2008 saw them join the new 'Division 3 East' of the league.
Grounds and Facilities.
The Club plays its home games at Horsebridge Recreation Ground and Ninfield. Ninfield is used for third and fourth eleven games, and Horsebridge is used for all other home matches. The club has recently acquired the use of Hellingly Hospital, where a purpose built cricket ground is currently being developed there over the next few years, which the 1st and 2nd elevens aim to move to within 5 years. 
Horsebridge Recreation ground has a bar and Clubhouse, four sight-screens, two permanent nets as well as a roller net. In 2006-07, Wealden District Council granted £3,400 towards major ground care equipment, including a small electronic scoreboard and a 'slip cradle' . Planned improvements for 2011 are for a temporary score box to be built at the ground, as well as improvements to the square.
Competitions.
The club has teams in various local leagues. The 1st and 2nd eleven teams play in the Sussex Cricket League in division 3, whilst the 3rd and 4th elevens play in division 9 and 11 of the East Sussex Cricket League. The club also has teams at under 8, 11, 12, 14, 16 and 18 age groups. 2010 saw a successful return of a Sunday side at Hellingly, playing friendly matches throughout the season. In January it was announced that the club has been accepted into the National Village Knock-out Cup for the 2011 season.
Honours.
The main cup that Hellingly enter each year is the Oakshott Knockout Cup, which the club has won on 13 occasions
Winners: 1948, 1949, 1953, 1955, 1957, 1966, 1969, 1986, 2002, 2003, 2006, 2009, 2010
2010 season.
Out of the club's 252 year history, 2010 was the club's best year to date, which included the following silverware,
The Ashrose media team.
Although only playing in Division 3 of the Sussex League, you could be mistaken for thinking the club was playing in the County Championship, with every Saturday and Sunday first team fixture filmed from start to finish, using a range of cameras, camcorders and laptops. This allows the club to post videos, photos and detailed match reports from the games to websites and various local newspapers. 2010 saw the club post over 200 reports of every single game played in the season to four Newspapers, as well as the introduction of a monthly newsletter. The club has recently gained a permanent Internet connection and for the 2011 season they aim to allow members and followers of the club to get updates from the Hellingly website whilst the games are in progress.

</doc>
<doc id="20244024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244024" title="Promontory Mountains">
Promontory Mountains

The Promontory Mountains are a range in Box Elder County, Utah. The range is oriented north-south and has a length of about . The southern portion forms a cape extending south into the Great Salt Lake. The First Transcontinental Railroad was completed with the Golden Spike just north of the range at Promontory Summit in the Utah Territory. Today, trains cross the Promontory Point at the southern tip of the range via the Lucin Cutoff railroad causeway across the lake. 
Geology.
The Promontory Mountains are a block fault range typical of the Basin and Range Province. The west side of the range is bounded by the East Great Salt Lake normal fault which passes under the lake along the west side of Antelope Island and on to the south shore of the lake to the west side of the Oquirrh Mountains where it continues on strike as the Oquirrh Fault. The East Antelope Island fault runs from the east side of Antelope Island to the north beneath the lake to the east side of the Promentaries where it continues as the East Promontory Mountains fault zone. These two fault systems parallel the larger Wasatch Fault which runs to the east of Great Salt Lake. The faults are normal faults which dip to the west.
History.
The Promontory Mountains of were bypassed by the First Transcontinental Railroad (north) and the replacement 1904 Lucin Cutoff trestle through Promontory Point (south), which was replaced by a 1959 causeway.

</doc>
<doc id="20244031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244031" title="Telub affair">
Telub affair

The Telub affair () was a political scandal in Sweden in the early 1980s.
In 1977 the Swedish government-owned company Telub was contacted by a representative of the Libyan military who wanted to explore the possibilities to buy education for a group of Libyan military students. The education was in the field of telecommunication techniques and engineering. Telub won the contract in fierce competition with other European companies, and in March 1979 the contract between Telub and the Libyan military was signed. The 96 Libyan students arrived in Sweden in March 1980.
The case became heated when the newspaper "Expressen" in an article described the group of Libyan students as future terrorists. One of the strongest critics was Olle Wästberg, an MP for the People's Party, who described them as agents of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO). In January 1981 it was revealed that the technical education also had some military fields of use. While there was no legal ground to force Telub to cancel its education, the pressure on the company eventually became so hard that the Libyan students had to leave Sweden. A German company then overtook the contract.
The case was reviewed by the parliamentary Committee on the Constitution. The committee criticised Minister for Trade Staffan Burenstam Linder for his handling of the case. However, Minister for Foreign Affairs Karin Söder and Minister for Defence Eric Krönmark were not criticised since the Communist Party laid down their votes in those cases.
The Swedish government also started an official investigation, which published its report in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="20244036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244036" title="Bill Sharpe (athlete)">
Bill Sharpe (athlete)

William ("Bill") John Sharpe (born January 23, 1932 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is retired male athlete from the United States, competing in the triple jump. A three-time Olympian he won the gold medal in the men's triple jump event at the 1963 Pan American Games in Brazil.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20244056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20244056" title="Jérôme Salle">
Jérôme Salle

Jérôme Salle (born 1971) is a French film director and screenwriter. 
Salle has directed the films "Anthony Zimmer", "Largo Winch", and "Largo Winch (Tome 2)". His upcoming film "Zulu" has been selected as the closing film at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival. The movie "The Tourist", written and directed by Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck was based on Salle's screenplay for "Anthony Zimmer", "The Tourist" grossed US$ 278 million worldwide.

</doc>
