<doc id="20268052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268052" title="Edward Catich">
Edward Catich

Father Edward M. Catich (1906 – April 14, 1979) was an American Roman Catholic priest, teacher, and calligrapher. He is noted for the fullest development of the thesis that the inscribed Imperial Roman capitals of the Augustan age and afterward owed their form (and their characteristic serifs) wholly to the use of the flat brush, rather than to the exigencies of the chisel or other stonecutting tools.
Life.
He was the third of six children born in Stevensville, Montana, and raised in Butte, to a Serbo-Croatian copper miner family. His parents died when he was 11, and he and three brothers (including his twin) were taken by train to the orphanage of the Loyal Order of Moose, the Mooseheart campus near Aurora, Illinois.
At the orphanage he apprenticed under sign-writer Walter Heberling. After graduating high school in 1924, Catich toured with a Mooseheart band, and then went to Chicago, where he played music in bands, studied art at the Chicago Art Institute, and supported himself as a union sign-writer. Catich attended St. Ambrose College from 1931 to 1934, where he worked as the leader of the school band. He received a masters degree in art at University of Iowa in Iowa City.
He went to Rome in 1935 to study at Pontifical Gregorian University for Holy Orders, where he also made a study of archaeology and paleography. He was ordained in 1938 and returned to Iowa to teach art, math, engineering, and music at St. Ambrose. As priest, he served the Diocese of Peoria parishes of Atkinson and Hooppole in Illinois.
He founded the Art Department at St. Ambrose University and taught there for forty years, until his death in 1979. The Davenport, Iowa, university now holds some 4,000 of his works, many from his legacy to Professor John Schmits, at the Edward M. Catich Memorial Gallery. The gallery was originally his studio and press at the Galvin Fine Arts Center and was built with a donation from Hallmark Cards, where several of his students worked.
He had ties to the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, "Encyclopædia Britannica", and the Houghton Library at Harvard, and was a founder of the Catholic Art Association.
Works.
His calligraphy and stonecutting work won Catich an international reputation, and he created many slate inscriptions using his brush and chisel technique.
He created two typefaces, Petrarch and Catfish.
Many of his books were published under his own press, The Catfish Press, operated out of his studio at the university.
Besides calligraphy, Catich was accomplished at liturgical art, working in slate, stained glass, watercolor, and print.
He played the trumpet, cello, and harmonica.
Other institutions which hold his work are
The origin of the serif.
Studying in Rome during his novitiate in the late 1930s, he made a thorough study of the letter forms of the epigraphy on Trajan's Column.
While the brushed-origin thesis had been proposed in the nineteenth century, Father Catich, having worked as a union sign painter, made a complete study and proposed a convincing ductus by which the forms were created, using a flat brush and then chisel. He promulgated his views in two works, "Letters Redrawn from the Trajan Inscription in Rome" and "The Origin of the Serif: Brush Writing and Roman Letters".
While the thesis is not universally accepted, electioneering posters excavated in Pompeii show "unincised" Imperial Roman capital titles (followed by body text in Rustic capitals) brush-painted on certain walls . 

</doc>
<doc id="20268081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268081" title="Kiel and Morgan Hotel">
Kiel and Morgan Hotel

The Kiel and Morgan Hotel in Lynd, Minnesota, United States, was the building first used on a regular basis as the Lyon County Courthouse. In 1869, the Minnesota Legislature passed an enabling act dividing Lyon County from Redwood County. Governor William R. Marshall appointed several officials authorized to form a county government. On August 12, 1870, the county commissioners held their first meeting in the home of Luman Ticknor in upper Lynd. The Hotel was built in 1871 by Allen D. Morgan and Levi Kiel. Because of the small population in the area, the hotel served variously as the seat of county government, post office, store, and church.
The Kiel and Morgan Hotel is an important historical place because it is one of the few remaining examples of the type of buildings that were used for both private and government meeting places during the early settlement of the western Minnesota counties.
After the county government moved to Marshall, where it remains today, the hotel was used as a farm house. In 1990, the owner Eva Schrunk donated the property to the city of Lynd.
Sources.
Rose, A.P. "History of Lyon County, Minnesota".

</doc>
<doc id="20268087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268087" title="Mitsuhiro Seki">
Mitsuhiro Seki

Seki previously played for Roasso Kumamoto in the J. League Division 2.
Club career stats.
As of 30 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20268103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268103" title="Catherine Galbraith">
Catherine Galbraith

Catherine Galbraith (née Catherine Merriam Atwater; January 19, 1913 – October 1, 2008) was an American author who was the wife of economist and author John Kenneth Galbraith, and the mother of four sons: diplomat and political analyst, Peter W. Galbraith, economist James K. Galbraith, attorney J. Alan Galbraith, and Douglas Galbraith who died in childhood of leukemia.
Life and career.
She was born in New York City, New York, the daughter of Alice Caroline (née Merriam) and Charles Woodard Atwater, a lawyer who later served as the Consul General for Siam and the granddaughter of Wilbur Olin Atwater, the inventor of the calorimeter and chemist known for his studies of human metabolism and nutrition. 
Galbraith attended Smith College, spending her junior year at the Sorbonne, and obtaining her bachelor's degree in Romance languages from Smith in 1934. She then took graduate courses in German language at the University of Munich, where she lived in the same rooming house-dormitory as Unity Mitford, a girlfriend of Adolf Hitler. She was awarded a Master of Arts degree from Radcliffe College in 1936. Galbraith was fluent in Hindi and several other languages. 
She was introduced to her future husband at a café while she was a graduate student at Radcliffe. The couple married on September 17, 1937, at the Reformed Church of North Hempstead, New York. The newlyweds were to sail on the "Britannic" to London, where J.K. Galbraith had plans to spend the year as a research fellow at the University of Cambridge studying under economist John Maynard Keynes, but Keynes was struck with a heart attack. Instead, Kitty introduced John to Europe, driving through the countryside and visiting towns and cathedrals. 
Before World War II, she worked as a researcher at both the Library of Congress and the United States Department of Justice.
Her son James wrote an essay while in fourth grade about the work his parents did, which included a detailed description of his father's job and concluded that "Mother doesn't do much". In response, Galbraith wrote an article in the May 1963 issue of "The Atlantic Monthly", titled "'Mother Doesn't Do Much':The Ambassador's Wife in India", describing her role in running the household and entertaining distinguished guests.
She co-authored a book "India; Now and Through Time" with Rama Mehta, the wife of an Indian diplomat in 1972, which was intended to introduce children ages 10–14 to the culture and life of India. The book includes personal anecdotes as well as photographs, and was described by Joseph Lelyveld of "The New York Times" as a "graceful and accurate book" that makes the reader wish for more stories.
For more than two decades, the Galbraiths held an annual party after the Harvard University commencement that often included Nobel prize laureates and heads of state. Benazir Bhutto visited the Galbraiths during her freshman year at Harvard in 1969 and was a guest when she gave the commencement address in 1989.
Galbraith died at age 95 on October 1, 2008, of a heart attack at Mount Auburn Hospital. Her husband died in 2006 at age 97, the two having been married 68 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20268148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268148" title="Kosuke Yoshii">
Kosuke Yoshii

Club career stats.
As of 20 February 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20268162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268162" title="Steppin' with the World Saxophone Quartet">
Steppin' with the World Saxophone Quartet

"Steppin' with the World Saxophone Quartet" is an album released in 1979. It was the second album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and the first to be released on the Italian Black Saint label. The album features performances by Hamiet Bluiett, Julius Hemphill, Oliver Lake and David Murray.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4.5 stars stating "The second recording by The World Saxophone Quartet (which follows by a year their Moers Music release Point of No Return) gives one a well-rounded look at this powerful group. Composed of altoist Julius Hemphill (who contributes four of the six group originals), altoist Oliver Lake, tenorman David Murray and baritonist Hamiet Bluiett, the explorative yet rhythmic group is heard in their early prime on this stimulating relea".

</doc>
<doc id="20268212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268212" title="Hot Rod Deluxe">
Hot Rod Deluxe

Hot Rod Deluxe is the second album released by Ruby Joe. This effort was produced by Billy Zoom (of X) and joined by the horn section of Royal Crown Revue, including Bill Ungerman, Mando Dorame, and Scotty Steen. Musically the album shifts from the rockabilly roots of the debut toward swing revival. This release is generally considered to be their better effort, more focused than their debut. The lyrics also shift in attitude from their first album; on Hot Rod Deluxe it became "easier to see the biblical point" that is being made. The liner notes also contain the direct references for each song.

</doc>
<doc id="20268223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268223" title="NW Fusion Dance Company">
NW Fusion Dance Company

NW Fusion Dance Company is a pre-professional dance company based in Tigard, Oregon, United States. The company was founded in 2008 by former Broadway performer Brad Hampton, who has served as Artistic Director since the company's inception. The company has sixteen full-time members, comprising a group of advanced teen dancers who have undergone a rigorous audition process. Dancers audition in the summer and those accepted into the Company commit to perform with NW Fusion for one year.
The Company's unusually broad repertoire covers a diverse range of dance styles including classical ballet, contemporary, jazz, tap, musical theater and hip hop. Some performance works are the creations of internationally renowned guest choreographers such as Kurt Douglas (José Limón Dance Company), Jen Freeman, and Chase Brock (Chase Brock Experience), while others are designed by local guest artists and NW Fusion's resident artistic staff. NW Fusion presents theater performances throughout the year at public concerts, benefits, community events, fundraisers, and private and corporate events.
NW Fusion is funded in part by Friends of NW Fusion, a non-profit 501(c)(3) corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="20268243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268243" title="Fairbanks Gold Rush">
Fairbanks Gold Rush

The Fairbanks Gold Rush was a gold rush that took place in Fairbanks, Alaska in the early 1900s. Fairbanks was a city largely built on Gold Rush fervor at the beginning of the 20th century. Discovery and exploration continue to thrive in and around modern-day Fairbanks.
History.
Felix Pedro spent years searching for gold. He tried to find gold in the creeks and valleys of the Tanana Valley where Fairbanks would begin before he found the "American Klondike". A trader named E.T. Barnette and his wife, Isabelle, were aboard the riverboat Lavelle Young in August 1901, trying to establish a trading post in the Tanana River. Low water conditions stopped the journey before Barnette could reach his destination. Co-owner of the Lavelle Young, Captain Charles Adams, turned into the Chena River, a tributary of the Tanana, instead. Shallow water stopped the Lavelle Young, and Adams refused to go further, so the Barnettes set up shop there.
Barnette opened a trading post on the Chena River after Pedro had told him he had made some good "prospects." On July 22, 1902, Pedro discovered gold north of Fairbanks in Interior Alaska which triggered the beginning of the Fairbanks Gold Rush, which set off a stampede that transformed the town. Barnette dispatched Jujiro Wada, a Japanese immigrant from Ehime on Shikoku Island, to Dawson City to spread the word that gold had been found in order for Barnette to create a market for his goods. After Wada spread the word about the gold being discovered, many miners who had not already left for the Nome Gold Rush traveled to Fairbanks. The prospectors soon found jobs working for Barnette—prospecting for him by panning and sluicing for gold in Fairbanks.
On July 22, 1910, approximately eight years after he had discovered gold north of Fairbanks, Felix Pedro died at St. Joseph's Hospital in Fairbanks of an apparent heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="20268245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268245" title="Masaaki Nishimori">
Masaaki Nishimori


</doc>
<doc id="20268265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268265" title="Neisseria mucosa">
Neisseria mucosa

Neisseria mucosa is a species of "Neisseria".
It is notable among "Neisseria" for its ability to metabolize sucrose.
It can cause Endocarditis.

</doc>
<doc id="20268281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268281" title="Ruby Joe">
Ruby Joe

Ruby Joe was a Christian band from Ventura, California. Their debut album was cited as psychobilly, but their second played squarely as swing revival due to the appearance of the horn section of Royal Crown Revue. Both were released on Sub•Lime Records, in 1998 and 1999. The bands' name is a combination of the founders name and that of Ruby's Diner in Huntington Beach, where the band was formed.
Background.
Prior to Ruby Joe, Greg Russinger and Joe Baugh played in a band called Strugglefish. Russinger was a youth pastor at Horizon Foursquare Church, Ventura, CA. In 1996 the band gained the bass talents of Amber Reeves and the drumming of Christina Hock, forming an all-female rhythm section. Ruby Joe's debut release, "Sinking the Eight Ball" (1998), drew upon the production talents of Mike Knott and Gene Eugene. The band's sound wound up being somewhere between the Stray Cats and The Reverend Horton Heat, or "like a rockabilly version of Mike Knott..." Russinger wrote most of the lyrics, addressing issues such as racism, the underground church in China, materialism, temptation, and internal spiritual battles with our sinful nature.
Not all content was well received; three tracks in particular caused the band trouble. "Rock 'n' Roll & My Baby", which deal with New Age spiritualism, and "Death Train", dealing with the victims of the holocaust. Finally Russinger dealt with his own former speed addiction in "Spiritual Heroin", describing how Christ can fill the need created by addictions, which one reviewer described as a "slightly disturbing metaphor." All of this led to trouble with the Christian music establishment; the album was pulled from some Christian book stores and the band disallowed from playing at a Christian music festival.
On their second release, "Hot Rod Deluxe" (1999), the band added elements of swing revival, leading one reviewer to refer to it as "swingabilly". This effort was produced by Billy Zoom (of X) and joined by the horn section of Royal Crown Revue, including Bill Ungerman, Mando Dorame, and Scotty Steen. This release is generally considered to be their better effort, more focused than their debut. The lyrics also shift in attitude from their first album; on "Hot Rod Deluxe" it became "easier to see the biblical point" that is trying to be made.
The band also appeared on the 1999 Jackson Rubio various artists compilation "Jackson/Rubio's Rockabilly and Western Gospel Hymns". This album contained reworked spirituals and standard hymns such as "Amazing Grace"; Ruby Joe provided renditions of "Joshua Fit the Battle of Jericho" and "Walk Dem Golden Stairs". Reviews of the band's performance were mixed; One reviewer called the band's cuts "standouts", while another stated that their rendition of "Joshua" "grows fairly long in the tooth by the song's end and easily pales in comparison to, say, Elvis' more passionate and varied arrangement from his gospel magnum opus "His Hand in Mine"." Russinger later provided lead vocals on the Scott Blackwell produced album "Punk Praise Volume 1" (2001, Abundant Praise records). The disc featured musicians from worship teams around Southern California.

</doc>
<doc id="20268303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268303" title="Shohei Yamamoto">
Shohei Yamamoto


</doc>
<doc id="20268311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268311" title="Shree (TV series)">
Shree (TV series)

Shree () is a Hindi language supernatural soap opera that airs on Zee TV channel. The series premiered on December 22, 2008 and airs every Monday - Thursday at 10:30pm IST. The series is produced by J.D. Majethia of "Hats Off Productions", and stars Wasna Ahmed as "Shree" and Pankaj Singh Tiwari as "Hari" in the main lead.

</doc>
<doc id="20268312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268312" title="Sinking the Eight Ball">
Sinking the Eight Ball

Sinking the Eight Ball is debut album by Ruby Joe. Due to its topical content, the album was pulled from some Christian book stores.
The album drew upon the production talents of Mike Knott and Gene Eugene. On this release the band has a rockabilly sound, somewhere between the Stray Cats and The Reverend Horton Heat, or "like a rockabilly version of Mike Knott..." Lyrically the album addressed hard issues such as racism ("Skin"), the underground church in China ("People Underground"), materialism and temptation ("Fat Cat"), New Age spiritualism ("Rock 'n' Roll & My Baby"), and internal spiritual battles with our sinful nature.
In "Spiritual Heroin" Russinger deals with his own former speed addiction, describing how Christ can fill the need created by addictions, which one reviewer described as a "slightly disturbing metaphor." The album also deals with the victims of the holocaust ("Death Train"), and finally closes with "Let's Go", a "no holds barred celebration of salvation."
One reviewer found the album to be on various tracks "cliché-ridden but vaguely worshipful", "weakly inspiring", and "shallow & dumb." The reviewer went on to state that the attempt "to bring 1950s wholesomeness into today's moral morass" fell flat.

</doc>
<doc id="20268323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268323" title="Gorman (surname)">
Gorman (surname)

Gorman is a surname with several different origins: English, German and Irish.
Origin of the surname.
There are multiple origins for the surname "Gorman". The Irish name is an Anglicised form of the Gaelic "Mac Gormáin" and "Ó Gormáin", meaning "son of "Gormán"" and "descendant of "Gormán"". The personal name "Gormán" is derived from the diminutive of "gorm", meaning "dark blue", "noble". One English origin of the name is from the Middle English personal name "Gormund" (Old English "Garmund"). This name is made up of the elements "gar" "spear" + "mund" "protection". The English surname "Gorman" can also be a topographic name for someone who lived near a triangular piece of land. The German surname ("Görmann") is sometimes a variant of "Gehrmann". German Gorman can also be of Slavic origin, from an occupational name, derived from the Slavic "góra" meaning "mountain".
One of the earliest mentions of the name "Gorman" can be found in a reference by Geoffrey of Monmouth to a Danish king named "Gormandus" who raided parts of Britain around 593 AD and settled near South Wexford.
Early bearers of the surname are William "Gorman" in 1296 and Adam "Garman" in 1327. The John "atte Gore" recorded in 1296 within the "Sussex Subsidy Rolls" is identical with the John "Gorman" recorded in 1332.
Irish "Mac Gormáin" family.
According to Keating, the "Mac Gormáin" family descended from the chieftains of the Uí Bairrche. The family lived in Leinster and held the lands of Slieve Margy in present day Co Laois and lands near Carlow. The family was forced from the lands with the arrival of the Normans and moved into Monaghan. According to James Frost, the family was likely driven from the lands by the Norman lord Walter de Riddlesford, who became the master of Carlow at around this time. A poem, written by Maoelin Oge MacBrody (the MacBrodys were the ollaves of the Uí Bairrche), states that after the Mac Gormáin family was driven from its lands a group of them made for Ulster and another made westwards towards Daire Seanleath in Uaithne Cliach ("Uaithne Cliach" is the modern barony of Owney, in Co Limerick). The family then settled in lands controlled by the O'Briens, settling in the area of Ibrackan. The "Mac Gormáin" family of Ibrickan were known in the 15th century for their wealth, hospitality and their patronage of the Gaelic poets. The first of the family to settle in Munster was Murtagh, son of Donogh. The chiefs of the family held parts of the lands of Moyarta and Ibrackan in Co Clare. A branch of the family were hereditary marshalls to the O'Briens and held lands in Clare. The family is listed as one of the septs of Thomond in 1317.
Today the members of the family bear Anglicised names such as "Gorman", "MacGorman", "McGorman", and "O'Gorman". Most members of the family bear the names "Gorman" or "O'Gorman" despite the original Gaelic names was "Mac Gormáin". According to MacLysaght, this is because at the time of the Gaelic revival in Ireland, the majority of bearers of the name had dropped all prefixes from their name. Though with the revival many Gormans mistaking added the historically incorrect prefix ("O) because they did not know any better. MacLysaght thought that the man who was chiefly responsible for the choice in the prefix was the Frenchman Chevalier Thomas O'Gorman (1725–1808) who constructed Irish pedigrees after being ruined in the French Revolution. Within the 1669 Census of Ireland, the surnames "Gormon" and "Gorman" are listed as principal names for two baronies within Co Clare: 9 "Gormons" are recorded in the Islands barony which consisted of 1651 people; and 6 "Gormans" are recorded in the barony of Moyferta, which consisted of 1024 people. In the 17th century "O'Gorman" was a principal name of Armagh; and "McGorman" was a principal name of Monaghan and Louth. In 1890 most "O'Gormans" are found in Clare.
The coat of arms of O'Gorman ("pictured") are blazoned "azure a lion passant between three swords erect argent"; the crest "an arm embowed in armour, grasping in the hard a sword, blade wavy, all proper."; and the mottoes "TOSACH CATHA AGUS DEINEADH AIR" (Irish) and "PRIMI ET ULTIMI IN BELLO" (Latin). The Irish motto translates as "first in the battle, last in the fight" and the Latin motto translates as "first and last in war". In 1763, the arms were allowed by the Ulster King of Arms to Thomas O'Gorman (fourth in descent from Mahon O'Gorman) and to Thomas O'Gorman (fourth in descent from Denis O'Gorman, brother of Cahir O'Gorman).
Related surnames.
Surnames that are variants of, or that share a similar etymology to "Gorman" are:

</doc>
<doc id="20268327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268327" title="Bikini Robot Army">
Bikini Robot Army

Bikini Robot Army is an American rock-based dance band from New York City, New York, founded by Val Broeksmit. The first fully sampled reorganized montage dance rock pop art music, as well as one of the first rock and roll internet filesharing produced band.
Original members Val Broeksmit, Brandon Geiger and Matt Goldsborough formed the backbone while in college. After graduation, the three went their separate ways but would continue to send recorded music tracks to each other via email and other file sharing programs.
Early history.
Before forming Bikini Robot Army, the three original members formed The Good Time Charlies. They played small shows in and around New York City and Philadelphia and recorded an album.
When Broeksmit learned to use Pro Tools, the recording become more and more professional and marketable. Getting the attention of Keith Richards at a New York show, Broeksmit brought his computer to the tour bus, where he and Richards put down the basis for the track "The Cocaine Lady", which became the title track from the next album that came to be known as "Old Soldiers".
Soon after, The Good Time Charlies fell apart. Brandon Geiger went on to form The Burnside Bums in Philadelphia, and, along with Matt Goldsborugh, formed The Great Unknown, also in Philadelphia. Both bands recorded and rewrote tracks Broeksmit sent them via email.
Broeksmit began to sample popular instrumental songs from the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s. Where rap musicians would sample small lick from popular songs, and build beats around them, Broeksmit would sample the entire songs and cut them together with other popular instrumentals until they formed something completely new, indistinguishable from their original form.
After the music was 'put to hard drive', Broeksmit would write and record original vocals on these songs. He was one of the first to did this. His song "Pretty But is it Art caught the attention of the like minded work of DJ, Moby, who contributed to the album that was to be "Old Soldiers" under the newly named Bikini Robot Army.
Bikini Robot Army released their first album, "Old Soldiers", independently, and it went on sale on iTunes, Amazon.com and most online music retail stores in February 2007.
In September 2007 Andrew Jarecki, the film director and writer of the theme song to the television show "Felicity", joined the band as a drummer, co-writer and backing vocalist. Jarecki directed the documentary "Capturing the Friedmans", which was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Feature length Documentary. He is currently in post production on his debut feature film "All Good Things".
Present.
After impressive initial sales on iTunes, Bikini Robot Army went on tour, during which tracks were recorded for a future live album.
In 2008 Broeksmit won seven Awards for his work on the popular Ourstage.com, including 3 "best song" wins.
Broeksmit is currently working on Bikini Robot Army's next studio album, tentatively titled "Cat Theft Electric", to be released February 2011.
When asked in an interview with "Spin" magazine who his biggest influence was, Broeksmit answered, "Keith Richards, all riffs lead back to Richards".

</doc>
<doc id="20268358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268358" title="Daishiro Miyazaki">
Daishiro Miyazaki


</doc>
<doc id="20268426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268426" title="Yōsuke Kobayashi">
Yōsuke Kobayashi

Kobayashi previously played for Urawa Reds and Roasso Kumamoto in the J. League.

</doc>
<doc id="20268437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268437" title="NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit 2008">
NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit 2008

The 2008 NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit is a North American beach volleyball tour.
The tour consists of seven tournaments with both genders.
Medal table by country.
Medal table as of June 5, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20268483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268483" title="Dylan Meier">
Dylan Meier

Dylan Meier (March 16, 1984 – April 19, 2010) was an American football quarterback. Meier played collegiality at Kansas State and professionally for the Dresden Monarchs of the German Football League and Rhinos Milano of the Italian Football League.
Meier was the younger brother of former NFL tight end Shad Meier and older brother of current Atlanta Falcons wide receiver Kerry Meier.
Early life.
Born to Dennis and Valerie Meier, he was the middle brother. Older brother Shad is a former NFL tight end for the Tennessee Titans, and younger brother Kerry played at Kansas as a wide receiver and backup quarterback who played for the Atlanta Falcons.
High school career.
At Pittsburg High School, Meier was a two-time first team all-state selection and was named an honorable mention All-American. Meier was ranked 80th by Rivals.com on its list of top recruits in the country. He was coached by Merle Clark.
Meier threw for 1,465 yards and 14 TDs, while rushing for 935 yards and 10 TDs as a senior. Meier led Pittsburg to back-to-back appearances in the Class 5A state title game. He also lettered three times in baseball, twice in basketball and once in track.
College career.
2003.
Meier appeared in all 15 games as the holder, while playing in four games at Quarterback. He emerged as the Wildcats’ No. 2 quarterback at the end of the season. In this his first college season he saw his first playing time against McNeese State, completing 5 of 8 passes for 78 yards and two interceptions, while rushing four times for 46 yards and scoring his first career TD. He was Kansas State’s third leading rusher with 149 yards on 16 attempts while also leading the team in yards per carry (9.3) and was third in rushing for touchdowns with three. He saw his most extensive action in 2003 at Iowa State, completing 4 of 5 passes for a season-best 51 yards and rushing for 76 yards on nine carries.
2004.
Meier opened his sophomore season as the starting quarterback, becoming the first Kansan to do so in the Bill Snyder era. He played in 10 games with six starts and completing 127 of 220 passes (57.7 percent) for 1,436 yards, nine touchdowns and five interceptions. He posted a quarterback rating of 121.51 which ranked seventh in the Big 12. He ran for 232 yards on 81 attempts and was Kansas State’s third-leading rusher. 
His best outing of this season may have been in an away game against Texas A&M, where he recorded career highs in completions (29), attempts (45) and touchdowns (3). His completion total, which included connections to eight different receivers, was just four shy of Kansas State's single-game record. Though Meier was not in shape to start at Kansas the following week, he nevertheless came off the bench in the second half to register a career high for passing yards (249). In this contest he threw for two scores, including a career-long 86-yard fourth quarter touchdown to wide receiver Tony Madison, and augmented this by running the ball himself for a third touchdown against the Jayhawks. He registered his third consecutive two hundred plus yard passing performance against Oklahoma while completing 20-of-38 attempts for 242 yards. In this game he connected with WR Yamon Figurs for a 38-yard TD strike in the second quarter to give Wildcats 14-7 edge.
He was 12-of-18 passing for 183 yards vs. Western Kentucky in his first career start. He gained 60 yards on nine attempts on the ground against WKU with a nine-yard touchdown run. He tossed his first career touchdown vs. Fresno State, connecting with Davin Dennis from 47 yards out. He completed 26 passes on 41 attempts for his fourth career 200+ yard passing day (248) against Texas Tech. He connected with seven different receivers vs. the Red Raiders and was K-State’s leading rusher with 84 yards on 16 carries. He came off the bench in the fourth quarter at Colorado with 3:15 to play and drove the Wildcats to the game-tying TD with 0:36 remaining. He finished 7-of-11 passing on the drive for 63 yards, including a 17-yard touchdown pass to WR Jermaine Moreira. He earned his team’s Ken Ochs Courage Award for his grit and determination in the face of injuries during the season.
Junior (2005).
Did not see any playing time due to an injury.
Senior (2006).
After missing the entire 2005 season, Meier started the first five games of the season, passing for 773 yards (70-of-138). He appeared in 11-of-12 games either as a holder on placements or at quarterback. He completed 10 or more passes in each of the first five games. He was an effective 10-of-20 for 125 yards and two touchdowns in the win over Florida Atlantic. He had a season-best 135.5 rating against the Owls. He threw for a career high 256 yards on 19-for-35 passing against Marshall. He was 15-of-26 for 163 yards in the season opener against Illinois State. He also came off the bench for one series against Texas, hitting on his lone attempt for eight yards. He Led K-State to a 6-3 record as a starter.
European career.
Germany (2007–2008).
Meier played for the Dresden Monarchs in the German Football League.
Italy (2009).
Meier played for the Milano Rhinos in the Italian Football League.
Death.
On April 19, 2010, Meier died in a reported accident while hiking in Arkansas. It was later reported he died after falling from a cliff while hiking with family members. Meier slipped while attempting to climb up a rock to get a better view. Prior to his death he was set to travel to Korea to teach English.

</doc>
<doc id="20268486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268486" title="Revue (album)">
Revue (album)

Revue is the fourth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and the third to be released on the Italian Black Saint label. The album features performances and compositions by Hamiet Bluiett, Julius Hemphill, Oliver Lake and David Murray.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "The nine numbers on this set are generally concise (only two songs exceed six minutes) and consist of originals by all four saxophonists: altoist Julius Hemphill (who contributed four of the nine pieces), baritonist Hamiet Bluiett, altoist Oliver Lake and tenor saxophonist David Murray. Sometimes quite rhythmic (and almost danceable) despite not having a rhythm section, the WSQ used melodies and rhythm for their own purposes, creating unpredictable music that always holds one's attention. This release is a good example of their talents.".

</doc>
<doc id="20268525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268525" title="Estonian Supreme Soviet election, 1990">
Estonian Supreme Soviet election, 1990

Elections to the Supreme Soviet were held in the Estonian SSR on 18 March 1990, the first free parliamentary election in Estonia since the 1930s. A total of 105 deputies were elected, of which four were from military districts. Altogether 392 candidates competed for seats in the Soviet. The opposition pro-independence Popular Front won the plurality of the seats. The anti-independence "Joint Council of Work Collectives", representing mostly the Russian-speaking minority in Estonia, as well as the reformed communists, who favored independence but close relations with the USSR, both gained around 25 seats. During its first session, the new Supreme Soviet re-elected the former Communist Party member Arnold Rüütel as its chairman, allowing him to stay as the leader of Estonia.
The elected parliament was responsible for some of the most important decisions in the modern Estonian history, such as the declaration of independence from the Soviet Union on 30 March 1990, adopted by a vote of 73 for to 0 against, with 27 MPs boycotting the vote. It also adopted the new Constitution of the Republic of Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="20268530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268530" title="Hanley Frías">
Hanley Frías

Hanley Frías (born December 5, 1973 in Villa Altagracia, Dominican Republic) is a left-handed former baseball infielder, who last played for the Arizona Diamondbacks. He also played for the Texas Rangers at the beginning of his career.
He was an infielder who played for the Rangers and Diamondbacks in a four-year career where he played in 173 games with a BA of .232.

</doc>
<doc id="20268539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268539" title="Union of Czech mathematicians and physicists">
Union of Czech mathematicians and physicists

The Union of Czech mathematicians and physicists ("Jednota českých matematiků a fyziků – JČMF") is one of the oldest learned societies in Czech lands existing to this day. It was founded in 1862 as the Association for free lectures in mathematics and physics (Union of Czech mathematicians). From the beginning, its goal was improvement of teaching physics and mathematics at schools on all levels and of all types and further support and promote the development of those sciences. As a consequence of patriotic efforts, the Association was enlarged in 1869 into the Union of Czech mathematicians and physicists. Members of the Union were largely teachers at high schools and post-secondary learning institutes, and further professors at universities and scientists.
In 1870, the Union started publishing the News of the Union of Czech mathematicians and physicists, which in 1872 gave rise to the "Journal for fostering mathematics and physics" (Czech: "Časopis pro pěstování matematiky a fysiky" 1872 to 1950, "Časopis pro pěstování matematiky" 1950-1990, "Mathematica Bohemica" since 1990), the very first mathematical journal in Austria–Hungary. Year later, the Union was already publishing textbooks and scientific monographs. After the creation of independent Czechoslovakia it became a de facto monopoly qualified publisher of textbooks, scientific books, and journals in the area of mathematics and physics.
In early 1950s, the Union had to transfer its property to the newly established Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences (CSAV) and it became a learned society affiliated with CSAV. The mathematical part of its library became the basis of the library of the Mathematical Institute of CSAV, where it is still now.
Today, the Union has about 2500 members, half of whom are high-school teachers. It is one of the largest scientific organizations in the Czech Republic. The Union itself or in collaboration with universities and research institutes organizes national as well as international conferences, symposia, seminars, and Summer or Winter schools. The Union follows teaching of mathematics and physics and proposes improvements. The Union fosters talented students and participates in the organization of the Mathematical and Physical olympiad and other student competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="20268582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268582" title="Better (Guns N' Roses song)">
Better (Guns N' Roses song)

"Better" is a song by American rock band Guns N' Roses, featured on their 2008 sixth studio album "Chinese Democracy". It was sent out as the second radio promo from the album, after "Chinese Democracy", but was not commercially released as a single eligible for international sales charts.
Background.
"Better" was written by lead vocalist Axl Rose and former Guns N' Roses guitarist Robin Finck between 2001–2007, before the band headed out on tour in 2006, by that time the song had already been recorded, later however, most of former drummer Bryan Mantia in drums on the track were edited by drummer Frank Ferrer. Prior to the song being released as a single, "Better" had been played live by Guns N' Roses on their Chinese Democracy Tour in 2006 and 2007. In February 2006, a demo of the song "Better", along with demos of "Catcher in the Rye", "I.R.S.", and "There Was a Time", were leaked on the internet through a Guns N' Roses fan site. The band's management requested that all links to the MP3 files and all lyrics to the songs be removed from forums and websites.
Beginning in October 2006, the song was featured in an internet advertisement for Harley-Davidson. However, the ad was short-lived, as the company quickly pulled it from the site because the group did not allow for its creation.
Music video.
Breaking a two month silence by posting on a message board on December 11, 2008, Axl Rose revealed that a music video for "Better" directed by Dale "Rage" Resteghini would be released "soon". Shortly after, Rose wrote that Lars Ulrich stated that he makes an appearance in the video saying, "There’s a shot of me and Axl embracing backstage at some concert, and I signed off that, and hopefully it’ll make it in the final cut.” Ulrich was later blamed by Rose's associate, Fernando Lebeis, to be the reason the video has been delayed, since "the Metallica drummer needed to sign a release". Ulrich responded by saying “I have heard about this, yes. There was a couple of clips of me in the video and they asked if I would sign off on it. When it got to me, I signed off on the one clip… I don’t know where rumor came from. I’d love to be in a Guns N’ Roses video. It’s my favorite song on the record — I think it’s a great song." On December 30th, 2008, Rose wrote on the message board "Lars isn't holding anything up with our video. Our message board comments were meant casually, in fun and amongst friends...We hope to have our video out shortly." On September 13th 2012, nearly four years after the single release, a workprint of the video leaked onto the internet. , over five years since the release, still no music video has been released.
Live.
"Better" debuted live on May 12, 2006 at the Hammerstein Ballroom in New York. It has been played at almost every show since.
Reception.
The song has received a mostly positive reception from critics. "Consequence of Sound" has written, "While there’s the industrial-like swagger that’s prevalent in “Chinese Democracy”, the bite and harmony is classic GN’R. In fact, this might actually be the best song on the record, out of all three singles released from the record it has been considered to be the lead single." "Rolling Stone" concluded, "Like 'Chinese Democracy', 'Better' feels like classic Guns N’ Roses — Rose’s growling croon in the verses could have floated out of the "Use Your Illusion" sessions." The song was officially released as a single on November 17, 2008. On "Rolling Stone"'s "100 Best Singles of 2008" list, "Better" placed at number 19.

</doc>
<doc id="20268586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268586" title="Kei school">
Kei school

The was a Japanese school (style) of Buddhist sculpture which emerged in the early Kamakura period (c. 1200). Based in Nara, it was the dominant school in Buddhist sculpture in Japan into the 14th century, and remained influential until the 19th. Art historian Joan Stanley Baker cites the Kei school's early works as the last highpoint in the history of Japanese sculpture.
Background and history.
The Kei school developed out of that led by the "busshi" (Buddhist sculptor) Jōchō, his successor Kakujō, and Kakujō's son Raijō, the leading sculptors of the preceding generations. These artists are sometimes said to have founded the Kei school; however, the school would not come into its own, and become associated with the name "Kei" until Raijō was succeeded by Kōkei and Unkei around the year 1200. Unkei's six sons and their descendants in turn later succeeded to leadership of the school.
Much of the cities of Nara and Kyoto were destroyed in the Genpei War of 1180-1185. The Kei school was granted the opportunity to restore Nara's greatest temples, the Tōdai-ji and Kōfuku-ji, replacing their Buddhist sculptures. The Kei school's strong and traditional style earned it the favor of the Kamakura shogunate; the school also lacked the Imperial political ties that the In school and En school had, and was thus selected by the shogunate for this honor, catapulting the school to great success and influence.
The Tōdai-ji restoration project lasted several generations, from roughly 1180 to 1212, and drew extensively on Tang and Song Chinese styles, introducing new stylistic elements while remaining true to tradition. New human iconographic forms emerged, with greater simplicity and realism, and more subdued colors. For the first time, crystals with dark centers were used for the eyes of statues; while the Kei school style recalls elements of Nara period sculpture, Joan Stanley Baker describes the Kei school works as less idealized, generic, and impersonal than Nara works. The sculptors of the Kei school focused on the distinctive identity of each statue's subject, and on physical details.
A late 12th century sculpture of Dainichi Nyorai, attributed to Unkei, sold at auction at Christie's on March 18, 2008 for US$14.37 million, establishing a new record for Japanese art prices at auction, as well as for Asian art sold in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20268675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268675" title="Máximo Santos">
Máximo Santos

Máximo Benito Santos Barbosa (15 April 1847 – 19 May 1889) was a Uruguayan political and military figure.
Background.
Santos pursued a career in the military, prior to serving as Minister for War from 1880 to 1882. He was a member of the Colorado Party (Uruguay).
In 1882 Miguel Alberto Flangini Ximénez, who served briefly as acting President of Uruguay, stepped down from office.
President of Uruguay (1st term).
Succeeding acting President Flangini, Santos served as President of Uruguay from 1882 until 1886. 
Creation of Flores Department.
Among Santos's lasting acts as President was the creation of the Flores Department in the interior of the country, named after assassinated former President of Uruguay General Venancio Flores, who hailed from the territory incorporated as a department.
Other features of his rule.
He also in a measure repaired relations with Paraguay. 
However, his administration was also widely criticized for failure to root out corruption.
Succession.
Santos was succeeded as President by Francisco Antonino Vidal in 1886.
President of Uruguay (2nd interim term).
Subsequently, after reliquishing Presidential office in 1886, Santos returned to exercise Presidential powers for a number of months in 1886.
Succession.
Santos was succeeded as President by his Colorado Party colleague Máximo Tajes, with whom, however, he had poor relations. Tajes was still exercising his Presidential office at Santos's death.
Later life; death in exile.
Subsequent to the relinquishing of his Presidential office for the second time, Santos travelled in Europe, and was unable to return to Uruguay.
Still aged in his early 40s, Santos died in exile in Buenos Aires, Argentina, in 1889.

</doc>
<doc id="20268691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268691" title="Milisav Popović">
Milisav Popović

Milisav Popović is the author of "Forgotten Mountain", the first fantasy novel about mythical creatures of the Balkans, and author of the bestselling book "After sleep"
Biography.
Popović was born on 23 July 1978 in Nikšić, Montenegro. After elementary and secondary education, he continued his education oat the Belgrade Faculty of Political Science, University of Belgrade, and in 2003 he received his political science diploma for international relations.
After his studies, on the level of Balkan universities, he was chosen to attend a special pilot program in Belgrade in the domain of "rigid and applied psychology". A year later he became the first profiler in the area of what was then Serbia and Montenegro, being qualified for both descriptive and explicative analysis of human behaviour. When he was 24, he returned to Montenegro and started to work, first in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and later as a European Integration counsellor for the mayor of Podgorica, Miomir Mugoša.
Life as an author.
On July 2008, he published his novel "Forgotten Mountain" - the first fantasy novel about mythical creautures of The Balkans - which becomes a bestseller in Montenegro and Serbia in only 2 months.
On November 2008, author received the "Lyre of Orpheus", first place prose award, on an international literature manifestation "Lyre of Orpheus", organized by the Academy of European Culture, that was held on November 2008, in Sofia and Krumovgrad, Bulgaria.
On February 2009, author received an award for the "Best Book" in an event organised with the goal of promoting individuals and events in 2008 in Montenegro; nine categories received their laureates. Action lasted for a month, and media coverage was done by RTV Atlas.
Milisav Popović's essay on Montenegro was published in a specialized edition of National Geographic Traveler - "50 Places of Lifetime" in October 2009. This edition is published once in 10 years and represents one of the most important advertisers of tourism development in the world. Popović's essay brought renown to Montenegro for the fact that the cover page of the magazine is in fact a motif of (Sveti Stefan). Popović was invited because of his recent success with "Forgotten Mountain" 
Early 2010, Popović was awarded author of the year national "Wild Beauty" award by the Montenegrin president Filip Vujanović. His weekly newspaper column "Food for Your Soul", which is published by the "DAN" newspaper, quickly became the most read newspaper column in Montenegro.
Early 2011, ACLA (American Comparative Literature Association) published a compilation of the most important novelists from Montenegro. Next to three historically renowned names was also Milisav Popović. This time, justification for choosing "Forgotten Mountain"'s author was based on his columns and its unusual content that gained attention beyond Montenegro. The columns soon became widely read, and with a publisher's help some of them reached an overseas audience. It is interesting to note that a significant part of those columns were translated by enthusiasts, not certified interpreters. The quality of those translations, and of the columns alone, attracted the attention of specialized literary organizations from the USA.
In June, 2011. Popovic was elected as a Director of the new National Library in the Capital City of Montenegro. Mayor of Podgorica Miomir Mugosa entrusted him mandate *for one year* to establish new Library system and other cultural offices in the Podgorica by European standards *as soon as possible . For up to June 2012. the Library recorded a large number of visitors, developed intensive international cooperation, regional connectivity and offer a non-specific attractive facilities. Ambassadors of foreign countries elect Popovic institution for "hot spot for international connection" (a hot spot for good international cooperation). Popovic was named the Best Manager in the culture for the year 2012. In early June 2012.followed by a call from the Mayor, Popovic returned to the Cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="20268706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268706" title="Eidenau, Pennsylvania">
Eidenau, Pennsylvania

Eidenau is an unincorporated community in Jackson Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Geography.
Eidenau is located in the area where Breakneck Creek flows into the Connoquenessing Creek. Pennsylvania Route 68 is the main road in Eidenau.
Often, Eidenau is mistakenly called Harmony Junction. Harmony Junction is the name of the large railroad junction that connects the Buffalo and Pittsburgh Railroad's P&W Subdivision with the Northern Subdivision.
History.
The earliest known use of the name "Eidenua" is found in the journals of Christopher Gist. Gist and George Washington traveled through the area in December of 1753 after leaving Fort LeBoeuf bound for Williamsburg, Virginia. After passing through Murdering Town they stumbled upon an area known as Sakonk. There they found a Native American that guided them down a wrong path, and attempted to kill them. His attempt failed, and the two men continued their journey south to the Allegheny River. Gist renamed Sakonk to Eidenau after his trek though the Ohio Country.
However, another source claims that the Harmony Society named Eidenau after a community in Württemberg, Germany. The Harmonites settled in this region, and constructed a large mill in the Connoquenessing Valley after a small Delaware tribe moved away in 1792. This tribe may have been from the village of Sakonk. The mill operated for about two decades, but eventually went out of business. Most of the twenty log houses surrounding the mill were also abandoned by 1814. Some of the relics from the mill and village are preserved at Historic Harmony in Harmony, Pennsylvania.
At the turn of the 20th century, a new cutoff was built by the Pittsburgh and Western Railroad to connect Eidenau with the community of Ribold which was just outside the city of Butler. This new route eliminated an older route that ran from Callery Junction to Ribold. The lines that run through the junction have exchanged hands several times. This is a list of the railroads that have used the junction from the P&W Railroad to the current B&P Railroad:
The junction is a popular destination spot for railfans.

</doc>
<doc id="20268732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268732" title="Diamantane">
Diamantane

Diamantane (also called congressane) is an organic compound that is a member of the diamondoids . These are a cage hydrocarbons with structures similar to a subunit of the diamond lattice. It is a colorless solid that has been a topic of research since its discovery in oil and separation from deep natural gas condensates. Diamondoids such as diamante exhibit unusual properties, including low surface energies, high densities, high hydrophobicities, and resistance to oxidation.
Occurrence and history.
Diamantane occurs naturally in crude petroleum. It is currently assumed that adamantanes and diamantanes were formed via the catalytic rearrangements of polycyclic naphthenic hydrocarbons. Although present in only trace concentrations in typical oils, due to their great thermodynamic stability, diamondoids such as diamantane are naturally concentrated by catagenesis, becoming important constituents of some natural gas condensates including those from the Norphlet Formation, U.S. Gulf of Mexico, and the Western Canada Basin.
Diamantane was chosen as the Congress Emblem of the 1963 London IUPAC meeting, and was featured as a decoration on the
cover of abstracts, program, and publicity material. Congress participants were challenged to synthesize diamantane. The first preparation of this chemical was achieved in 1965 in 1% yield by aluminum halide-catalyzed isomerization of a mixture of norbornene photodimers. Adamantane was the first, and "Congressane", as diamantane came to be known, was only the second member of an entire family of compounds known as the diamandoids. The synthesis of the third member of the series in 1969 emphasized the need for a more general scheme of semitrivial nomenclature. The compound was renamed “diamantane”
and the third member designated triamantane.
The year 1966 also marked the isolation of diamantane from the high-boiling fractions of the crude oil of Hodonin (from which adamantane was discovered) and the achievement of a significant improvement in its yield (to 10%). While this permitted a start to be made in the exploration of the chemistry of diamantane, the hydrocarbon was still difficult to obtain in quantity. Diamantane then became as readily available as adamantane and its chemistry could be studied more easily.
Production.
Diamantane can be prepared by Lewis acid catalyzed rearrangements of various pentacyclic tetradecanes. The best yield (84%) can obtained from trans-tetrahydro-Binor-S. A convenient synthetic procedure involves rearrangement of a hydrogenated Binor-S compound, which gives diamantane in ~70% yield. Other more highly strained precursors give diamantane in lower yield (1-47%) owing to disproportionation.
The synthetic route begins with the dimerization of norbornadiene catalyzed by a mixture of CoBr2(PPh3)2 and BF3OEt2. The resulting dimer is hydrogenated to give tetrahydro-binor-S. The rearrangement occurs in a hot solution of cyclohexane or carbon disulfide with aluminum bromide.
Diamantane can be produced by thermal cracking of long chained "n"-alkanes. The mechanism for this conversion is thought to be a free-radical addition. Although this method does produce diamantane that has been alkylated (i.e. monosubstituted, disubstituted, and trisubstituted with methyl groups), adamantane derivatives are also produced in greater amounts due to its greater thermodynamic stability. This method also produces a homological series of "n"-alkanes of up to 35 carbons and coke, as well. The assumption that diamandoid compounds can be synthesized through thermal cracking requires more verification.
Reactions.
Diamantane can be nitrated by treatment with nitronium tetrafluoroborate (in nitrile-free nitromethane to give a mixture of two isomeric nitrodiamantanes. 
Chlorination at with aluminium chloride and acetyl chloride yields equal amounts of 1- and 4-chlorodiamantane, whereas use of chlorosulfonic acid yields mainly the 1-chloro isomer. Hydrolysis of the chlorides yield the corresponding alcohols, which are separable by column chromatography over alumina.

</doc>
<doc id="20268733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268733" title="Levi Richards">
Levi Richards

Levi Richards (April 14, 1799 – June 18, 1876) was an early leader in the Latter Day Saint movement and a missionary for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He was a member of the Council of Fifty and Anointed Quorum and served as a physician for movement founder Joseph Smith, Jr. and others during the years the Latter Day Saints were established in Nauvoo, Illinois. Richards was an older brother of church apostle Willard Richards.
Levi Richards was born in Hopkinton, Massachusetts and trained as a botanical physician. He joined the Latter Day Saint church in 1836 and moved to Kirtland, Ohio to join the main gathering of Latter Day Saints.
In the late 1830s, Richards served as a counselor to Joseph Fielding in the presidency of the church's British Mission. In 1840, Richards was still serving as a missionary in the British Mission.
Richards married Sarah Griffith on December 25, 1843, with Brigham Young performing the marriage.
Richards served as a member of the Nauvoo City Council.
Richards served another mission in Britain from 1848 to 1853 along with his wife. They left their only child, Levi W. Richards, in care of family members on the advice of Brigham Young. For part of this mission, the Richards served in Wales, which was where Sarah Griffith had been born. For part of this time Richards served as the general supervisor of missionary work in Wales, which for all intents and purposes made him the mission president in Wales.
After completing their mission, the Richards returned to the United States and headed on Utah Territory where they joined their son Levi W., who was by this time eight years old. Richards lived for several years in downtown Salt Lake City on the block where Crossroads Mall was later built. In the early 1870s, he moved to the Avenues area of Salt Lake City. He became a patriarch in the church in 1873 and died at Salt Lake City.

</doc>
<doc id="20268750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268750" title="Xuejiawan, Jungar Banner">
Xuejiawan, Jungar Banner

Xuejiawan () is a town and the Banner seat of Jungar Banner, Ordos City, in the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China. It has an area of 1345.097 square kilometers and a population of 165,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20268813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268813" title="W.S.Q.">
W.S.Q.

W.S.Q. is an album released in 1982. It was the third album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and the second to be released on the Italian Black Saint label. The album features performances and compositions by Hamiet Bluiett, Julius Hemphill, Oliver Lake and David Murray. 
The album was identified by Chris Kelsey in his Allmusic essay "Free Jazz: A Subjective History" as one of the 20 Essential Free Jazz Albums.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "There is plenty of variety to the third album by the unique World Saxophone Quartet. The music ranges from nearly free improvisations to the four-part "Suite Music," which was almost completely written out. Rather than being a screamfest for the four innovative saxophonists (baritonist Hamiet Bluiett, altoists Julius Hemphill and Oliver Lake and tenor saxophonist David Murray, all of whom double on other reeds), this is a well constructed and sometimes surprisingly accessible (although always explorative) program.".

</doc>
<doc id="20268815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268815" title="Sackville Ward">
Sackville Ward

The Sackville Ward is a large residential precinct in the suburb of Kew in Melbourne, Australia.
Geography.
Bounded to the east by Burke Road to the north by Cotham Road (Maroondah Highway) and to the south by Barkers Road, its western boundary is technically Glenferrie Road but more often deemed to be east of Edgevale or even Davis Streets. The Ward takes its name from the broad east-west avenue running through its centre.
History.
Land in the area was purchased during the mid-1840s Government land sales by developers, two of whom were Edward Dumaresq and Peter Davis. Dumaresq (a Captain in the East India Company and one-time Surveyor General of Tasmania, then Van Diemen's Land) subsequently named some of the streets in the area after his sons, Rowland, Edward, John, Alfred and Thomas.
In the resultant economic boom created by the Victorian gold rush, many grand mansions were constructed in the ward, most of which remain to this day. Dumaresq himself lived in Alfred Street and helped develop "St Hilary’s" Church of England, opening in 1889 and rebuilt in 1939. A brick house at 34 Rowland Street was constructed in 1890 to serve as the vicarage.
There was further development when land adjacent to the Kew Reservoir (near the corner of Burke and Cotham Roads) was subdivided in the early twentieth century, and this area is home to some fine examples of Edwardian and Federation architecture.
Originally created as a Ward of the City of Kew on 27 August 1955, after the 1994 abolition of that entity, council functions are now administered by the City of Boroondara.
Today.
The ward is now sought-after due to its proximity to reputable private schools such as Carey Baptist Grammar School (1923), Methodist Ladies' College (1882), Ruyton Girls' School (1879), Trinity Grammar School (1902), Genazzano FCJ College (1889), Xavier College (1878) and the alternative education school Preshil.
In August 2008 an IT executive paid more than $12 million in an off-market sale for "La Verna", a 120-year old mansion built in the Italianate style. The sale was the highest in value for Melbourne for the year to date and created at the time, a new record for Kew.
The "La Verna" sale was for a property much reduced in size. Controversially, what had previously been a Catholic monastery and retreat for Franciscan Friars with 1.2 hectare gardens and stables was sold by the Church in 2002 to developer Phillip Watts for $8.3 million. In February 2004 150 local residents lobbied the Booroondarra Council in an attempt to save the gardens of the estate by attempting to create a site-specific heritage overlay.
At that time the estate also had a significant frontage to leafy Rowland Street. The remaining land was however subdivided into seven large blocks and all have since been developed with large residential dwellings. What were originally the stables for the property (also fronting Rowland Street) have now been sympathetically developed into a coachouse-style accommodation. Photographs of the "La Verna" development can be found on the Walking Melbourne website dedicated to discovering and protecting Melbourne's mansions.
Prior to the "La Verna" sale, the previous record had been $6.6 million at auction for 19 Grange Road Kew to businessman and politician Evan Thornley and his wife Tracey Ellery (founders of the NASDAQ-listed internet company LookSmart). Thornley is now an ALP member of the Upper House in the Victorian State Government and the property has been extensively redeveloped.
In spite of the global economic crisis of the time, Kew as a whole recorded a 44.8% increase in median values for the year
to 31 July 2008 (to $1.495million) buoyed largely by sales in the Sackville Ward. The exclusive nature of the ward notwithstanding, there are a number of facilities within the area aimed at the elderly and the homeless. Prague House in Sackville Street is operated by the Sisters of Charity caters for homeless men and was redeveloped in 2006 using both funds from the Federal Department of Health and Ageing and donors (who contributed $200,000 for furniture and fittings). The Yarralee Residential Aged Care Facility is located at 48 Sackville Street. 
Residents of the Sackville Ward include BHP Billiton CEO Marius Kloppers and LookSmart Founder Evan Thornley.

</doc>
<doc id="20268817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268817" title="Frank Daley">
Frank Daley

Francis Patrick Denis "Dapper Dan" Daley (August 22, 1909 - October 15, 1968) was a professional hockey player who played for the Detroit Cougars in the National Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="20268860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268860" title="Balmaclellan">
Balmaclellan

Balmaclellan (Scottish Gaelic: "Baile MhicIllFhaolain", meaning town of the MacLellans) is a small hillside village of stone houses with slate roofs in a fold of the Galloway hills in south-west Scotland. To the west, across the Ken River, the larger and more prosperous New Galloway lies below the Rhinns of Kells.
Location and people.
Balmaclellan is one of four parishes in the northern district of the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright. It contains , of which about are cultivated. It includes areas of water, extensive plains of moss and about of tree plantation, but most of the land is used for sheep or cattle pasture. Many of the cattle are of the Galloway breed. The climate is temperate. Average monthly temperatures range from 1 to 7 C° in January, and 11 to 18 °C in July–August, with 984 mm of rain yearly.
In 1887, John Bartholomew's "Gazetteer of the British Isles" Described the inhabitants as "... of a mixed Gaelic and Germanic origin, and speak Braid Scots, a Northumbrian dialect of English. Those that profess a religion are generally but by no means entirely Calvinist Christians, adhering to the Church of Scotland or the Wee Frees".
In 2009, of those who profess a religion in Balmaclellan most are Presbyterians adhering to the Church of Scotland.
The population was 554 in 1801, 634 in 1901 and 550 in 1951.
History.
Celtic relics have been found in the area, including a finely decorated mirror and crescent of the Bronze Age that is now in the National Museum of Scotland. The parish of Balmaclellan appears to have had an earlier British name, "Treuercarcou", which appears in a thirteenth-century record of ecclesiastical taxes. The "treu"- part of this name is clearly the old northern British equivalent of modern Welsh "tref", 'farmstead, dwelling', indicating an early settlement when this P-Celtic language was still spoken in the area.
The upper village has a 12th-century motte: the "Bal" of Balmaclellan. Barscobe Castle is just over a mile to the northeast, built in 1648 by William Maclellan, a fine example of the last phase of tower house building in Scotland.
Balmaclellan was once a centre of the Covenanter religious movement. The village has a statue to Robert Paterson, Sir Walter Scott's 'Old Mortality'. His wife established a school in the village, which can still be seen. She is buried in the churchyard. Amongst other gravestones is that of another Covenanter, Robert Grierson, who was killed for his faith in 1685 (not to be confused with Sir Robert Grierson a notorious persecutor of the Galloway Covenanters).
The churchyard also contains what is probably the earliest civic war memorial in Scotland. It commemorates five men from Balmaclellan who died in the Crimean War. A sixth man, an officer who died at Sebastopol, is commemorated on gravestone but not the memorial.
Near the edge of the Balmaclellan churchyard there is a rough uninscribed whinstone pillar that looks like an ancient monument, and is locally said to mark the grave of a witch. Possibly the grave is that of Elspeth McEwen from nearby Dalry , who was found guilty of being a witch on her own confession and on the evidence of witnesses, and burned to death at Kirkcudbright in 1698. She was one of the last witches to be killed in Scotland.
Literary References.
The Scots comedy, "Torwatletie" (1940), by playwright Robert McLellan, set during the Jacobite rising of 1715, depicts the household of a nominally fictional Laird of the district. 

</doc>
<doc id="20268871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268871" title="Pykara">
Pykara

Pykara is the name of a village and river located 19 km from Ooty in the Indian State of Tamil Nadu. The Pykara River is considered very sacred by the Todas. It rises at Mukurthi peak, flows northwards, and then turns to the west after reaching the edge of the plateau. The river flows through Murkurti, Pykara and Glen Morgan dams, and forms part of an important hydro-electric power project.
The river flows over a series of waterfalls, the last tow of 55 meters and 61 meters being known as Pykara falls. The falls are approximately 6 km from the bridge on the main road. There is a forest rest house at Pykara. A boat house on the Pykara reservoir is an added attraction for tourists. Pykara boasts of well protected fenced sholas, Toda settlements, large grassy meadows and good wildlife habitat. The Pykara Dam, Falls and reservoir attract many tourists.
Pykara Dam and Power Station.
The dam is situated close to the main Ooty-Gudalur road and includes a power station. One of the oldest power plants in south India, the Pykara station still functions, generating about 60 megawatts. The first unit of 6.65 MW was commissioned in October 1932. Sir C.P. Ramaswamy Aiyar, Diwan of Travancore, worked with the British regime in 1920s and 1930s in the setting up of the Pykara project. A team of engineers led by H.G.Howard, a chief engineer in the then Electricity department, was responsible for carrying out the project.
The Pykara Station, declared as a heritage plant in September 1997, triggered the establishment of more hydro-electric power stations in the state. Today, the Nilgiris district alone boasts hydro-electric stations with an aggregate installed capacity of 837 MW. Five decades after establishment of the old plant, the EB authorities came up with a plan for the PUSHEP, containing three units of 50 MW each. The construction of an underground powerhouse, 17 tunnels and the hydraulic head of 1039 metres are the special features of the new plant. According to the EB, the hydraulic head is the highest in Asia. The access point to the powerhouse is a 1.5-km-long tunnel.
Boat House.
A boat house on the Pykara Reservoir is an added attraction for tourists. The boat house with restaurant is maintained by Tamil Nadu Tourism & Development Corporation. It consists of several boats and has motor boats which are allowed for 20 min. and speed boats which are allowed for 10 min.

</doc>
<doc id="20268906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268906" title="Zdravko Šaraba">
Zdravko Šaraba

Zdravko Šaraba (Serbian Cyrillic: Здравко Шараба; born May 15, 1980 in Trebinje) is a Bosnian Serb footballer defender playing for FK Leotar in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Career.
He won the 2002–03 Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina with FK Leotar Trebinje.
In January 2009 moved from FK Sarajevo of the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina to FC Dinamo Minsk.
International.
He played one match for the Bosnia and Herzegovina national football team in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20268918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268918" title="Self-justification">
Self-justification

Self-justification describes how, when a person encounters cognitive dissonance, or a situation in which a person's behavior is inconsistent with their beliefs, that person tends to justify the behavior and deny any negative feedback associated with the behavior.
Cognitive dissonance: the engine that drives self-justification.
The need to justify our actions and decisions, especially the ones inconsistent with our beliefs, comes from the unpleasant feeling called cognitive dissonance. Cognitive dissonance is a state of tension that occurs whenever a person holds two inconsistent cognitions. For example, "smoking will shorten the life which I wish to live for as long as possible" and yet "I smoke three packs a day".
Dissonance is bothersome in any circumstance but it is especially painful when an important element of self-concept is threatened. For instance, if the smoker considered himself a healthy person, this would cause a greater deal of dissonance than if he considered himself an unhealthy person because the dissonant action is in direct conflict with an image of himself.
Dissonance can result from an action dissonant with either a negative or positive concept. For example, Aronson showed that students who failed numerous times at a task showed evidence of dissonance when they later succeeded at the same task. Some even went to the extent of incorrectly changing answers in order to present a consistent image.
Steele argues that the main cause of dissonance is not necessarily the difference between actions and beliefs, but the resulting degradation of self-image. By not behaving in line with his beliefs, this may threaten his integrity. One method of reducing dissonance would then be to reaffirm his ‘goodness’. Researchers have shown that this reaffirmation is actually better at reducing dissonant feelings if it is in an unrelated area than a related one. For example, if a smoker is experiencing dissonance because he knows that smoking is bad for his health, he could reduce his dissonance by reminding himself that he is an environmentally friendly person and does a lot of good in reducing his carbon footprint. However, a reminder that he is a healthy person who exercises regularly is actually more likely to increase feelings of dissonance. In support of this idea, research shows that in low-threat situations, people with high self-esteem are less likely to engage in self-justification strategies than those with low self-esteem. It is possible that people with high self-esteem have more accessible positive thoughts about themselves that can successfully reduce dissonance. However, in high threat situations, these positive thoughts are not enough, and high self-esteem people do engage in self-justification strategies.
Self-justification strategies.
There are two self-justification strategies: internal self-justification (IS) and external self-justification (ES).
Internal self-justification refers to a change in the way people perceive their actions. It may be an attitude change, trivialization of the negative consequences or denial of the negative consequences. Internal self-justification helps make the negative outcomes more tolerable and is usually elicited by hedonistic dissonance. For example, the smoker may tell himself that smoking is not really that bad for his health.
External self-justification refers to the use of external excuses to justify one's actions. The excuses can be a displacement of personal responsibility, lack of self-control or social pressures. External self-justification aims to diminish one's responsibility for a behavior and is usually elicited by moral dissonance. For example, the smoker might say that he only smokes socially and because other people expect him to.
Insufficient justification.
If people have too much external justification for their actions, cognitive dissonance will not occur, and thus, attitude change is unlikely to occur. On the other hand, when people cannot find external justification for their behavior, they must attempt to find internal justification – they reduce dissonance by changing their attitudes or behaviors.
The theory of insufficient justification has many applications in education and child rearing. A study by Aronson & Carlsmith illustrates the results of external rewards in the classroom. They told a classroom full of preschoolers not to play with an attractive toy, threatening half with a mild punishment and half with a severe punishment if they did play with it, and then left the room. None of the children played with the toy. When the researchers came back, they asked the children to rate the attractiveness of the toy. Those who had been threatened with severe punishment still rated it as very attractive; these children had large external justification for not playing with the toy, and so their attitudes had not changed. However, those who had only been threatened with a mild punishment rated the toy as significantly less attractive; without much external justification for not playing with the toy, they had to create internal justifications to reduce their dissonance. 
This study can be very useful to parents who use punishment to help teach their children good values. The milder the punishment used, the more children will have to develop internal justification for behaving well. Similarly, if educators want children to internalize their lessons and develop a love of learning, they must help the children find internal justifications for their schoolwork, and minimize externals rewards.
Relatedly, the hypocrisy induction – a form of strong internal justification for changing attitudes and behaviors - has been used in recent decades to prevent the spread of HIV/AIDS. The hypocrisy induction is the arousal of dissonance by having individuals make statements that do not align with their own beliefs, and then drawing attention to the inconsistencies between what they advocated and their own behaviors, with the overall goal of leading individuals to more responsible behaviors. In 1991, Aronson and colleagues asked two groups of college students to compose a speech describing the dangers of HIV/AIDS and advocating the use of condoms during every sexual encounter. One group just composed the arguments; the other also recorded their arguments in front of a video camera that they were told was going to be seen by an auditorium of high school students. Additionally, half the students in each group were made mindful of their own failings to use condoms. The researchers found that the students who had made the video and thought about their own behaviors – they had the highest level of internal justification and thus the highest dissonance condition – were far more likely to buy condoms afterwards than the students in any other group. Those who only performed a single action, like composing the written arguments, were much more easily able to attribute what they were doing to external justification (i.e.- I’m doing this because the researcher told me to.) Furthermore, they found these results to be steady even several months after the study concluded.
Self-justification and moral choices.
Self-justification often comes into play when discussing why individuals make “immoral” decisions. To keep viewing themselves in a positive light, individuals may rationalize unethical or corrupt decision-making using the aforementioned self-justification strategies.
In a 1958 study on cheating, Mills administered a test to a sixth grade class that was impossible to pass without cheating. Before the test, he measured each student’s attitudes toward cheating. He then gave the 6th graders the test without supervision but with a hidden camera in the classroom. Half of the class cheated and half didn’t. Mills then measured each student’s attitude towards cheating after the test. He found that the students who did cheat developed a more lenient attitude towards cheating while the students who did not cheat developed stronger attitudes against cheating. 
In Mills’ study, self -justification occurred. After each student decided whether or not to cheat, they justified this decision to make themselves feel good. In order to reduce their cognitive dissonance, the students that did cheat altered their thoughts on cheating: i.e.- “cheating isn’t that bad” or “cheating was required in order to achieve the prize” - to justify their actions. On the other hand, students that did not cheat may have justified a lack of success on the test to: “I have too good of morals to cheat” or “Cheating is never right.” In both instances, the student is trying to justify their actions and retain their self-concept.
This experiment shows potential dangers of self-justification. It seems that people who partake in unethical behavior may become slightly more accepting and comfortable with their actions.
Decision making: conflict escalation.
One major claim of social psychology is that we experience cognitive dissonance every time we make a decision; in an attempt to alleviate this, we then submit to a largely unconscious reduction of dissonance by creating new motives of our decision making that more positively reflect on our self-concept. This process of reducing cognitive dissonance regarding decision-making relates back to the problem of individual becoming stagnant in a course of action. Furthermore, once an individual makes a decision dissonance has begun. In order to alleviate this dissonance, he or she rationalizes their actions either by changing them, or in this case continuing on in their course of action, perpetuating their qualifying beliefs. In this case, the question concerns the source of the breakdown of rationale that causes the continuation of such disadvantageous behavior.
Prior studies have shown that individuals tend to become locked into a particular course of action, by means of sequential and escalating commitments, resulting in detrimental personal decisions and many other evitable disastrous events. After acknowledging this fundamental attribute of human behavior, it is necessary to understand if these situations arise from concrete decisional errors or are just simply how the events panned out.
There is a large pool of data concerning the justification of behavior in much of the social psychological studies on forced compliance. In these studies the expected result is “ that individuals will bias their attitudes on the experimental task in a positive direction so as to justify their previous behavior”. In one such study Staw "et al." investigated whether decision makers could become overcommitted to a course of action- as is typical following decision related dissonance. The assumption in this particular study was that individuals would go beyond “the passive distortion of adverse consequences in an effort to rationalize a behavioral error.” The consensus among the researchers was also that certain individuals who had experienced setbacks might attempt to “turn the situation around” or in other words display some kind of “ultimate rationality to his or her original course of action.” In the study, the researchers implemented a simulated business case design, in which an administrator could regain loses by committing to new resources. Business school students were asked to fill the role of corporate financial officer and allocate research and development funds to either one of two divisions of a company. In the end, the “findings supported the predication that administrators may seek to justify an ineffective course of action by escalating their commitment of resources to it.” Upon interpreting the findings Staw claims that this, along with several other studies exploring the role of justification in decision-making, subtly highlighted an internal justification process, or in other words an intra-individual process in which people tend to act in ways to protect their own self-image.
Being mindful of escalating commitment to a particular course of action, especially when said actions are failing or having some kind of negative effect on others is very important. This carefulness to avoid the aforementioned behavior can be applied to many aspects of our lives-both in the business world and in more unconventional every day situations. For example, in the Staw study mentioned above, the effects of a growing need for justification was seen in a business workplace setting. In this type of environment it is ideal to make sure that none is continuing on with unfavorable ideas simply because they have rationalized that somehow everything will be successful in the end. Likewise in personal situations involving stocks and investment issues, recognizing when one is only continuing investments out of desperate and misguided hope that things will begin to improve is essential to personal finance and well being. This understanding is not only essential to matters involving finances, but can also be applicable in any situation where a disadvantageous behavior is being perpetuated when clearly it has no merit.

</doc>
<doc id="20268938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268938" title="Nissan NA engine">
Nissan NA engine

The Nissan NA family of straight-four engines is a series of engines manufactured by Nissan. It is the replacement of the Z series, on which its design is based, and is mostly used in commercial vehicles due to its use of Liquefied petroleum gas for fuel on engines with a "P" suffix code.
NA20P.
1998 update

</doc>
<doc id="20268944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268944" title="Simion Stoilow Prize">
Simion Stoilow Prize

The Simion Stoilow Prize () is the prize offered by the Romanian Academy for achievements in mathematics. It is named in honor of Simion Stoilow.
The prize is awarded either for a mathematical work or for a cycle of works
Prizes of the Romanian Academy for a particular year are awarded two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="20268983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20268983" title="Ngo Dinh Diem presidential visit to the United States">
Ngo Dinh Diem presidential visit to the United States

Ngô Đình Diệm, the President of South Vietnam, made a state visit to the United States, the main ally of his government, in 1957. Diệm received a glowing welcome and was heaped with praise as a leader of a "free country" in the midst of the Cold War. The receptions during the visit were in large part organized by the American Friends of Vietnam (AFV), a lobby group dedicated to resolute US support of South Vietnam and which included many politicians from both major parties. The visit was mainly celebratory and ceremonial, rather than being a policy or planning mission. It was part of a year of travelling for Diệm, as he made a visit to Australia in September, as well as to fellow anti-communist countries South Korea and Thailand.
Prior to the visit, the US government and the AFV made thorough preparations to make Diệm's visit pleasant, and the AFV successfully lobbied the media to write favourable reports on the South Vietnamese leader. Diệm was trumpeted as a champion of democracy, and mentions of his autocratic style and election rigging were avoided. Diệm arrived by plane in Washington, D.C. on May 8, and was personally greeted at the airport by President Dwight D. Eisenhower—an honor Eisenhower accorded to only one other visiting head of state. Diệm's motorcade was greeted by 50,000 wellwishers and his address to the US Congress and his policies were heartily endorsed by both sides of politics. During his time in the US capital, Diệm also attended receptions, and had private meetings with both Eisenhower and the US Secretary of State, John Foster Dulles, to discuss American support for South Vietnam, although the meeting with Dulles was ineffectual as Diệm spoke continuously, rendering two-way discussions impossible.
Diệm then visited New York City, where he was given a tickertape parade through Manhattan, which was attended by 250,000. He was presented with several honors by the city council and given a civic reception, before attending several functions with business leaders, marketing his country as a favorable location for foreign investment. The South Vietnamese president also made stops at the city's main Roman Catholic institution, St Patrick's Cathedral—a Catholic, Diệm had been helped to power by the lobbying of Cardinal Francis Spellman and American Catholic politicians. He also returned to Maryknoll Seminirary where he had stayed while in exile, and to the Catholic Seton Hall University to receive an honorary doctorate. Diệm later received an honorary degree from Michigan State University, where he had stayed in exile earlier in the decade and the day was dedicated in his honor. The South Vietnamese president then traveled westwards across to the pacific coast before returning to Vietnam.
The visit was the high point of relations between Diệm and Washington, as in later years, the US government and members of the AFV became increasingly disillusioned with Diệm's failure to liberalize his government and enact changes to make South Vietnam more democratic. The once-supportive media began to report on South Vietnam without overlooking problems in Diệm's administration. In 1963, American support for Diệm collapsed during the Buddhist crisis as Washington concluded that Diệm was incapable of offering a solid alternative to the communists, and he was overthrown in a US-backed military coup and executed after being captured.
Background.
In 1933, Diệm had been the Interior Minister of Vietnam, serving under Emperor Bảo Đại. However, he resigned after a few months because the French colonial authorities would not give Vietnam any meaningful autonomy, and became a private citizen for the next decade. During World War II, Imperial Japan attacked Indochina and wrested control from France, but when they were defeated by the Allies in 1945, a power vacuum emerged. The communist-dominated Viet Minh of Ho Chi Minh proclaimed the Democratic Republic of Vietnam and fought for independence, while the French attempted to regain control of their colony, and created the State of Vietnam under Bảo Đại, which was an associated free state within the French Union. A staunch anti-communist nationalist, Diệm opposed both and attempted to create his own movement, with little success. With both the French and the communists hostile to him, Diệm felt unsafe and went into self-imposed exile in 1950, leaving Vietnam for the first time in his life. He did so as the communists had sentenced him to death in absentia, while the French refused to give him protection, claiming that they had no resources. Diệm spent most of the next four years in the United States and Europe enlisting support, particularly among fellow Catholic politicians in America and Vatican officials. Diệm's success with the latter group was helped by the fact that his elder brother Ngô Đình Thục was the leading Catholic cleric in Vietnam and had studied with high-ranking priests in Rome.
Diệm had a chance meeting with Wesley Fishel, a political science professor from America during a stopover in Japan. A proponent of the "third force" ideology that opposed communism and colonialism, Fishel quickly befriended Diệm. The American academic organized contacts for Diệm in the US, and he was given an audience with the Acting US Secretary of State James Webb. Diệm made little impression in the first meeting, but continued to meet with lower ranking officials. Thuc introduced his younger brother to Cardinal Francis Spellman, the most politically powerful priest of his time and former classmate of Thuc. Later, Diệm was given a meeting with Pope Pius XII. In early 1951, Diệm was given an audience with US Secretary of State Dean Acheson. The success of his presentation to Acheson prompted Diệm to stay in the US to campaign, basing himself at Spellman's seminary in New Jersey. Diệm travelled across the nation, speaking at universities, and he was given a faculty position at Fishel's institution, the Michigan State University. Diệm then gained the support of US Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas and Senators John McCormack, Mike Mansfield and John F. Kennedy. McCormack later became the Senate Majority Leader, while Mansfield—a Democrat from Montana—had been a professor of Asian history before entering politics; as a result his opinions about Vietnam were more influential and held in high regard by his fellow senators.
In 1954, the French lost the Battle of Dien Bien Phu and the Geneva Conference was held to determine the future of Indochina. The Viet Minh were given control of North Vietnam, while the State of Vietnam controlled the territory south of the 17th parallel. The Geneva agreements, which the State of Vietnam did not sign, called for reunification elections to be held in 1956. Bảo Đại appointed Diệm as his Prime Minister, hoping Diệm would be able to attract American aid as the French withdrew from Southeast Asia. Diệm returned to Vietnam in June 1954 and took up the post on July 7, 1954. After a series of disagreements, Diệm deposed Bảo Đại in a fraudulent referendum on October 23, 1955 and declared himself president of the newly-proclaimed Republic of Vietnam three days later. Diệm received support from the US and other anti-communist countries in the midst of the Cold War. He refused to hold national reunification elections scheduled in 1956, and asserted that Ho would rig the ballots in the north, although he had done so himself in deposing Bảo Đại. In the meantime, Diệm continued to consolidate his rule and stabilize his new nation.
Preparation.
Diệm's trip came after two years of American attempts to schedule a state visit. In 1955, Washington made two attempts to organise a trip while Diệm was still prime minister, but he was too busy quelling opposition groups and his grip on power was tenuous. Diệm took care of this by crushing the Bình Xuyên organised crime syndicate in the Battle for Saigon in May 1955, and then deposed Bảo Đại and proclaimed the Republic of Vietnam after his brother Ngô Đình Nhu rigged a referendum that made him head of state. Diệm was credited with 98.2% of the votes and 133% in the capital Saigon. The South Vietnamese leader's visit was organized after he indicated interest in February 1957 to US Ambassador to South Vietnam Frederick Reinhardt.
The Eisenhower administration prepared for Diệm's arrival in great detail. A memorandum from the Office of Protocol (OP) of the State Department gave its personnel detailed information on ceremonial intricacies, such as the correct pronunciation of Diệm's name. It went further in briefing staff on the toasting procedure. The OP printed and distributed a manual detailing Diệm's personal traits and idiosyncracies. It said the South Vietnamese leader was "an introverted, lonely figure ... He is, however, a man with an almost messianic sense of mission". In 1963, Diệm held a military parade in honour of his ascension to power in front of empty grandstands, barring the public. The OP warned that Diệm could be "both intransigent and almost brutal in pursuing and applying policies he has decided upon, and ... has a violent temper".
In contrast to public announcements describing the South Vietnamese president was a freedom-loving democrat, the manual also explained Diệm's authoritarian attitude, as exhibited by his ability to formulate legislation by decree and the police state mechanisms run by Nhu's Cần Lao Party: In 1955, Nhu's agents had beaten those who voted for Bảo Đại instead of Diệm. The manual said that "Vietnam in its present situation and given its own heritage is not yet ready for a democratic government as it is known in the West. The interplay of all shades of opinion in the policy-making process is considered a luxury Vietnam cannot yet afford." It advised public servants to shun any mention of Diệm's autocracy and the fact that he regularly killed or jailed dissidents, noting that "He is most sensitive to such charges."
Media campaign.
In the lead-up to the visit, the American Friends of Vietnam (AFV) engaged in a promotional campaign encouraging newspapers to cover Diệm's visit and imploring them to give the South Vietnamese president favourable coverage. The AFV also drafted many of Diệm's speeches, making sure that there were analogies made between South Vietnam and various events in American history, so that he would make a good impression on the American public and decision-makers. For this purpose they employed the services of the political consultancy firm Harold Oram.
The media prepared for Diệm's arrival by writing about and praising the South Vietnamese leader in great detail. "The Washington Post" devoted four pages to its profile of Diệm and titled it "Diệm—Symbol of Free New Asia." The "Washington Evening Star" ran the headline "Welcome to a Champion" and described Diệm as "a valiant and effective fighter against communism". "The New York Times" praised the visiting president for "advancing the cause of freedom and democracy in Asia". "The Boston Globe" dubbed him "Vietnam's Man of Iron". Various papers favourably commented on Diệm's overt opposition to communism, juxtaposing it to non-aligned Asian leaders such as Jawaharlal Nehru of India and Sukarno of Indonesia. Nehru and Sukarno attempted to steer clear of both the US-led anti-communist world and the Soviet bloc, and sought to recruit other countries into their movement. The newspapers compared South Vietnam to a beacon of light in a dark sea of communism.
Visit.
Diệm arrived at noon on May 8 at the National Airport in Washington, D.C. aboard the plane of U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower, the "Columbine III", a silver Constellation. Diệm's plane landed and he was personally received at the airport by Eisenhower, Secretary of State John Foster Dulles and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Nathan Twining. It was only the second time in his presidency that Eisenhower had personally gone to the airport to greet a visiting head of state. Diệm was then given a 21-gun salute and driven by limousine to his residence. A crowd estimated at more than 50,000 lined the route taken by the Vietnamese leader's motorcade. On the day of his arrival, "The New York Times" editorialized that "President Diệm ... is a substantial partner in a going enterprise on behalf of free men in his country and in ours. We honor him and make him doubly welcome on that account." Attempting to put a positive spin on the South Vietnamese leader's lack of emotion towards the crowd, Andrew Tully of "The Washington Daily News" informed his readers that Diệm's "air of modest solemnity was far more impressive than any grinning, arm-waving performance could have been". Diệm's failure to respond to the greetings of the masses was not new; when he arrived back in Vietnam from exile to become prime minister in 1954, he did not bother to wave to well-wishers at Tan Son Nhut Airport.
Washington D. C..
The next day, Diệm addressed a joint sitting of the US Congress, with both the House of Representatives and the Senate in attendance. He thanked the US for its ongoing support, particularly when his government had been in a perilous state in 1954 and 1955, and went on to explain his political platform
Diệm also thanked the Americans for "the efforts being made to safeguard liberal democracy" as part of Washington's foreign policy. He compared the million-strong exodus of refugees from communist North Vietnam into the South to that of the pilgrims who had left the British Isles aboard the "Mayflower" and sailed to Massachusetts to escape religious persecution. This was put in the speech by AFV advisers as the flight of the North Vietnamese refugees had received a great deal of attention in the US due to the statements of Catholic activists. Diệm received a standing ovation and his speech was persistently interrupted by loud applause by legislators. Despite his assertion that the weight of numbers was not the measure of democracy, the American media widely praised his attitude to democracy.
Both major parties lavished Diệm with praise. Senator Mansfield said "The chief credit for holding back the communist aggression not only in Vietnam, but, because of that, in Southeast Asia as well, lies in the determination, the courage, the incorruptibility, and the integrity of President Diệm, who has shown such great ability and has accomplished so much against tremendous odds." Mansfield's praise was given more weight than that of other senators because of his academic qualifications before entering politics. Senator Jacob Javits, a Republican from New York, dubbed Diệm "one of the real heroes of the free world".
Eisenhower said "President Ngô Đình Diệm stands for the highest qualities of heroism and statesmanship ... The president of Vietnam, by his inspiring leadership, is opening up vast new areas for the peaceful progress of mankind." In a nationally-televised speech, Secretary of State Dulles said "I am very much impressed by Prime Minister Diệm. He is a true patriot and dedicated to independence," referring to his defeat of the Bình Xuyên in the 1955 Battle for Saigon. The Assistant Secretary of State for Far Eastern Affairs Walter Robertson said "Asia has given us in President Diệm another great figure, and the entire Free World has become the richer for his example of determination and moral fortitude."
At the time the Commercial Import Program (CIP) appeared to be working successfully and North Vietnam had not decided to attack the South after Diệm had canceled the planned 1956 reunification elections. The glowing press coverage of the period contrasted to that of the later decades of the 1960s and 1970s, in which the American media engaged in investigative journalism that undermined the official line presented by Washington in relation to Vietnam. This was particularly true during Diệm's downfall in 1963. Journalists such as David Halberstam, Malcolm Browne and Neil Sheehan all won Pulitzer Prizes for their work on the Buddhist crisis, in which mass protests erupted after years of discrimination against the Buddhist majority.
On his third day in Washington, Diệm was the keynote speaker and guest at a National Press Club lunch. He attacked Asian leaders who advocated neutralism, saying that "Since communism is not neutral, we cannot be neutral". This impressed the media, who prominently noted Diệm's unequivocal stance in their reports. The Pulitzer Prize-winning Marguerite Higgins of the "New York Herald Tribune" said that "it is a refreshing—almost startling—experience to hear this Asian hero assert forthrightly: 'communism isn't neutral, therefore we cannot be neutral.' ... He made himself unique among recent Asian visitors ... by the decisiveness with which he publicly chose up sides with the United States and against the communists". In her critique, Higgins again criticized the stances of Nehru and Sukarno. Such was the impact of Diệm's soundbite that the AFV thereafter used it as a headline quote in their mailouts and campaigns.
Diệm went on to answer a question about his religious convictions by declaring his adherence to Catholicism and saying "I have always found the principles of my religion a great inspiration, and, if I have achieved anything in my political career, I owe it all to those principles". His comments were widely trumpeted in Catholic newspapers, which cited it as the reason why he was able to stop a communist takeover of South Vietnam.
The visit was largely ceremonial and mainly focused on mutual praise rather than specific policy planning and negotiations. Diệm stayed in the capital for four days, meeting with Eisenhower and high-ranking members of the State Department on the last of these days. However, the meeting with Dulles turned into a farce after the Secretary of State and his subordinates decided to visit Diệm at Blair House. Diệm, notorious for monologues that often lasted for up to six hours, talked endlessly and as a result the American diplomats were unable to raise whatever issues they had wanted to discuss.
During the meeting with Eisenhower, Diệm asked about the American commitment towards the defense of South Vietnam. At the time, communist guerrillas had begun a low-level campaign against Diệm in an attempt to reunify Vietnam under their rule. In response, Diệm began a widespread campaign to crush the communist remnants. Diệm felt that the cloud cover over Indochina would make it difficult for air bombings against communist guerrillas to be effective. He predicted that the communists would try to enter South Vietnam through Laos, which turned out to be the case when the Ho Chi Minh trail came into full usage. Diệm asked the US for a guarantee of continuing aid; at the time, two thirds of South Vietnam's budget came from the CIP, which was mainly abused by the urban elite to buy consumer goods. Diệm knew that the Eisenhower administration and Congress wanted to make budget savings and implored them to refrain from cutting the CIP expenditure, fearing a deterioration in the Vietnamese economy. Eisenhower said that Vietnamese security was ensured by the South East Asian Treaty Organization, but Diệm remained anxious, believing that the other member states were too weak and lacking in resources to stand by their pledges to defend his country. Upon Diệm's departure from the capital, the White House released a statement praising "the remarkable achievements of the Republic of Viet-Nam under his leadership."'
New York City.
After leaving Washington, Diệm traveled to New York City, and disembarked from the "Columbine III" at LaGuardia Airport. New York had a large Irish Catholic population, and Diệm received an even greater reception than in the capital. Diệm was taken in a seven-car motorcade to St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York City, where Bishop Joseph Flannelly delayed the mass to await the South Vietnamese president. After leading Diệm to a point of honor in the cathedral's sanctuary, Bishop Flannelly said "We are delighted and we are proud to have ... His Excellency Ngô Đình Diệm. The whole world acclaimed him when this God-fearing anti-communist and courageous statesman saved Vietnam! ... our fellow Catholics join our hearts and souls with you at this altar of God."
Diệm then visited the Maryknoll Seminary. In the early 1950s, when Diệm's political fortunes were at a low ebb, he had gone into self-imposed exile and stayed there for a period, engaging in religious practice and building up his political contacts among Catholics, most notably Cardinal Spellman. Diệm was given a strongly supportive reception by the seminarians. He then went to South Orange, New Jersey, where he was conferred with an honorary law degree from the Catholic Seton Hall University, on the grounds that he, "more than anyone else, stopped the communists in their hour of partial conquest of Vietnam". Diệm had stayed at Seton Hall during his period in exile and claimed partial credit for the creation of an Oriental Studies Department at the university. He said that the new department would "help to salvage what must be salvaged of the values of Asia in the tornado that befell this large portion of the world."
The next day, Diệm was given a tickertape parade from Lower Broadway to City Hall, and given a reception by the Mayor Robert Wagner. Around 250,000 people cheered him during the parade. Wagner called Diệm "a man to whom freedom is the very breath of life", referred to the Republic of Vietnam as a "political miracle", and said that "the principal credit ... should go to President Ngô Đình Diệm, a man history may yet adjudge as one of the great figures of the twentieth century." Diệm was bestowed the city's Medal of Honor and a scroll for "Distinguished and Exceptional Service". In turn, Diệm praised New York City at a lunch hosted by Wagner in his honor. Diệm praised New York City for successfully integrating large numbers of immigrants of from different backgrounds, describing the city as a symbol of "human brotherhood". Again on the advice of AFV consultants, he compared this to recent events in Vietnam.
Diệm then met the Council on Foreign Relations, where he promoted Vietnamese businese interests and touted his country as an ideal place for foreign investment. He described Vietnamese people as industrious workers who focused on developing farmland rather than building monuments and palaces. Diệm was given a dinner in his honor at the Ambassador Hotel. It was organized by the AFV and the International Rescue Committee (IRC). The AFV had been formed by Joseph Buttinger, an IRC member who had worked in Saigon in assisting with Operation Passage to Freedom, the mass evacuation of North Vietnamese refugees to the south after the partition of Vietnam in 1954.
Diệm was given an award commemorating Richard Byrd, a polar explorer who previously served as the honorary chairman of the IRC's board of directors. The master of ceremonies was Henry Luce, the boss of "Time" magazine, which had been a fervent backer of Diệm. Spellman delivered the speech and the dignitaries included John D. Rockefeller, Senators Mansfield and Kennedy, Eleanor Roosevelt, and William Randolph Hearst, Jr.. Diệm thanked America generally and Luce and his media operations in particular for its support of Vietnam. The dinner was also attended by IRC chairman Leo Cherne, who read a telegram from Eisenhower, extolling Diệm for exhibiting "the highest qualities of heroism and statesmanship." The day after, Diệm attended mass with Spellman and was the guest of honor at a business lunch hosted by the Far East-America Council of Commerce and Industry at the Waldorf Astoria. Diệm promoted South Vietnam as a business opportunity for American entrepreneurs, saying that the populace was pro-American, unlike other countries, and that they welcomed foreign investment.
Closing stages.
Diệm then left New York City and traveled to Michigan State University, where he had stayed during a self-imposed exile in the early-1950s. Fishel worked at the university and helped Diệm secure a position there. On May 15, the South Vietnamese leader gave a speech to 4,000 people and received an honorary degree; Governor Mennen Williams decreed that day to be "Ngô Đình Diệm Day". Diệm then visited Tennessee before stopping at Los Angeles for a banquet hosted by the Los Angeles World Affairs Council.
Diệm left the mainland on May 19, and his final stop was in Hawaii, where he was a guest of Admiral Felix Stump, the commander of United States Pacific Fleet. The reason for the visit was to discuss Diệm's concerns over America's reaction if South Vietnam came under communist attack. Stump reiterated Washington's opinions that nuclear weapons would be used to defend any anti-communist country that was attacked by communists, in accordance with public statements made by Eisenhower and Dulles. He said the Americans would do so by dropping nuclear weapons on communist China.
Aftermath.
The visit to the US was the high point in Diệm's relations with his primary sponsor. The Americans began to place increasing pressure on Diệm to carry out democratic reforms and liberalize the political system, particularly during ambassadorship of Elbridge Durbrow. Diệm resisted the calls to broaden the base of his government and continued to rig elections. Meanwhile in the US, his support among the AFV also declined, in part due to his ongoing authoritarianism, and also because of his persistent complaints to them about negative media depictions of his regime; many Vietnamese leaders of various persuasions did not understand that western governments did not control their own media. Pressure also increased on Diệm at home, as the communists intensified their insurgency against him. In November 1960, discontent in his own army prompted a failed coup attempt by paratroopers. Although Diệm eventually organized for loyalists to put down the coup, he was angered by Durbrow's calls for him to try to negotiate a settlement, regarding the lack of support for his zero tolerance policy as a betrayal.
In 1963, as mass civil disobedience broke out due to discontent from the Buddhist majority over Diệm's pro-Catholic discrimination, sparked by the fatal shootings of nine people who were demonstrating against the ban on the Buddhist flag. The US began to lose confidence in Diệm's ability to run the country effectively and prevent the growth of the communist insurgency, and concluded that he was an obstacle to religious and thus national stability. During this time, the American press corps wrote unvarnished stories about the South Vietnamese government's policies and actions, in contrast to the supportive pieces of the 1950s, and Diệm's attempt to physically intimidate correspondents backfired. After Diệm tried to settle the Buddhist crisis by launching sychronized raids on Buddhist temples across the country to round up those monks who were leading protests against him, the Americans began to look for alternative leadership, sending Cable 243 to their embassy in Saigon to authorise the search for someone to replace Diệm. In November 1963, Diệm was overthrown in a US-backed coup and he and Nhu were captured and executed.

</doc>
<doc id="20269044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269044" title="Hugh of Burgundy (disambiguation)">
Hugh of Burgundy (disambiguation)

Hugh of Burgundy may refer to five different Dukes of Burgundy:

</doc>
<doc id="20269052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269052" title="Fourteenth Federal Electoral District of the Federal District">
Fourteenth Federal Electoral District of the Federal District

The Fourteenth Federal Electoral District of the Federal District "(XIV Distrito Electoral Federal del Distrito Federal)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of 27 such districts in the Federal District ("DF" or Mexico City).
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, the DF's Fourteenth District covers the whole of
the borough "(delegación)" of Tlalpan,
with the exception of its northernmost portion, which makes up the Fifth District.
It is one of the DF's few rural electoral districts.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the 14th District covered the westernmost third of the borough of Iztacalco.

</doc>
<doc id="20269091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269091" title="Haplogroup IWX (mtDNA)">
Haplogroup IWX (mtDNA)

In human genetics, Haplogroup IWX was a human mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) haplogroup. 
It was thought to cluster haplogroups I, W, and X. Studies suggested haplogroup IWX to be highly protective against AIDS progression. It is now known that Haplogroup I is descendent of Haplogroup N1. It has also been proposed that Haplogroup W be placed as a descendant of Haplogroup N2b.

</doc>
<doc id="20269144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269144" title="Disneyland Resort Pier">
Disneyland Resort Pier

Disneyland Resort Pier () is located at the south of the Hong Kong Disneyland Resort, Penny's Bay, Lantau Island, Hong Kong, with about 15-minute walking distance from Disneyland Resort Station. It is a public pier for use by private vessels, yachts as well as tour vessels 24-hour free-of-charge.
It was planned to provide a ferry service between Central Piers and Disneyland Resort Pier. However, no operators tendered for the service. Until now, no public ferry transport is provided in the pier.

</doc>
<doc id="20269163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269163" title="Stateline Country Club">
Stateline Country Club

The Stateline Country Club, just inside the state border in what is now Stateline, Nevada started as a small cafe with a pair of gas pumps. Inside, visitors enjoying the early 1930s at Lake Tahoe could find a soda fountain bar and a few tables to enjoy a meal. There was a small room in the rear where a poker game started-up most nights, and next door there was provision for vacationers at the Stateline Market. To the rear of the market, along the actual state line between California and Nevada, Carl's Bar attracted an older crowd of visitors. 
History.
When Nevada legalized gambling in 1931, Cal Custer, a long-time rum-runner from Southern California, purchased the club and expanded the operation to include a 21 table, tub-style craps game, and a dozen slot machines. The following summer, Cal expanded again, and by 1933, Nick Abelman of Reno and his partners Steve Pavlovich and Bert Riddick were very interested in the sixteen-acre property.
The partners talked Custer down from his $100,000 asking price to $84,000 and purchased the club and property. Abelman, always a stickler for providing a superior product, immediately spent $48,000 building an expansion that offered a large, hard-wood dance floor and a huge fireplace. In the back of the club under a row of chandeliers was a small stage where a band played every night.
The club offered dozens of slot machines, roulette, chuck-a-luck, faro, and 21. It prospered for years under the watchful eye of Steve Pavlovich, who managed the club most summers. Big-name entertainment was standard, and the club offered wonderful meals such as a crab cocktail, soup and a main course like "famous Louisiana frog legs," Idaho Trout," or a filet mignon, plus vegetables, potatoes, and a nice dessert for $2.50.
In the mid 1940's, as Nick Abelman approached the age of seventy, he admitted it was becoming tougher and tougher to make the trek from Reno to Tahoe every day, and his manager, Pavlovich was too sick to handle the club alone. The three partners conferred and agreed it was time to sell.
At a meeting at the St. Francis Hotel in San Francisco, Abelman came to terms with Nick and Eddie Sahati to purchase the club. A final price of $350,000 was agreed to, and the Sahati brothers took over for the 1945 summer season.
They got off to a rocky start, but eventually the club prospered under their management. Entertainers such as Lena Horne, Sons of the Pioneers, and the Ink Spots brought gamblers into the club, and times were good.
Eddie Sahati died of Cancer in 1952 at the age of forty-one. His brother, Nick, then leased the operation to a group of businessmen including Karl Berge, who ran the bar (Berge later owned Karl's Silver Club in Sparks).
Bill Harrah purchased George's Gateway Club, across Highway "50" from the Country Club, and after a successful couple of years was able to persuade the businessmen to give up their lease so Nick Sahati could sell the property and auto-court to Bill. 
In 1958, Nick Sahati did just that, for the same $350,000 he purchased it for. Eventually, Harrah also purchased the tiny Main Entrance casino and also Bud Beecher's Nevada Club, allowing him to expand all the way to the actual state line. Harrah's Lake Tahoe now sits on the site.

</doc>
<doc id="20269168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269168" title="Fifteenth Federal Electoral District of the Federal District">
Fifteenth Federal Electoral District of the Federal District

The Fifteenth Federal Electoral District of the Federal District "(XV Distrito Electoral Federal del Distrito Federal)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of 27 such districts in the Federal District ("DF" or Mexico City).
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, the DF's Fifteenth District covers the whole of the borough "(delegación)" of Benito Juárez.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the 15th District covered all of the borough of Benito Juárez, with the exception of its easternmost fringe.

</doc>
<doc id="20269273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269273" title="Lichfield (disambiguation)">
Lichfield (disambiguation)

Lichfield may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20269276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269276" title="Mircea Puta">
Mircea Puta

Mircea Puta (February 1, 1950 —July 26, 2007) was a Romanian mathematician, the 1983 recipient of the Simion Stoilow Prize of the Romanian Academy.
He is the author of over 190 articles and two books.

</doc>
<doc id="20269279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269279" title="Backwoods">
Backwoods

Backwoods generally refers to a woodland or forest. It can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20269312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269312" title="Sixteenth Federal Electoral District of the Federal District">
Sixteenth Federal Electoral District of the Federal District

The Sixteenth Federal Electoral District of the Federal District "(XVI Distrito Electoral Federal del Distrito Federal)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of 27 such districts in the Federal District ("DF" or Mexico City).
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, the DF's Sixteenth District covers the northern portion of
the borough "(delegación)" of Álvaro Obregón.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the 16th District was located in the borough of Álvaro Obregón, but covered only one half of its current territory.

</doc>
<doc id="20269316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269316" title="Puta">
Puta

Puta may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20269341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269341" title="Bulwer">
Bulwer

Bulwer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20269413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269413" title="Gustav Behrend">
Gustav Behrend

Gustav Behrend (January 10, 1847 – 1925) was a German dermatologist who was a native of Neustettin (today- Szczecinek, Poland).
In 1870 he received his medical doctorate at the University of Berlin, and during the Franco-Prussian War, he served as an assistant at the Reserve Lazareth in Berlin. In 1882 he became a lecturer at Berlin, and in 1891 was appointed chief physician at the Municipal Dispensary for Sexual Diseases. In 1897 he received the title of professor.
Behrend specialized in the fields of dermatology and syphilology, also dealing with the subject of prostitution. He was the author of numerous publications, including a well-regarded textbook on skin diseases, titled "Lehrbuch der Hautkrankheiten" (1883). He also contributed a number of articles to Albert Eulenburg's "Real-Encyclopädie der gesamten Heilkunde".

</doc>
<doc id="20269429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269429" title="Down the Elements">
Down the Elements

Down the Elements is an EP by indie rock band Japancakes.

</doc>
<doc id="20269432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269432" title="Coelodonta tologoijensis">
Coelodonta tologoijensis

Coelodonta tologoijensis is a extinct species of woolly rhino ("Coelodonta"). It was first known as an Asian species, but one skull found in the Kyffhauser hills near the town of Bad Frankenhausen, Germany, was assigned to the species by researchers. This is the earliest known woolly rhino in Europe. The species is thought to have migrated to Europe between around 478,000 and 424,000 years ago during a cold, arid period.

</doc>
<doc id="20269445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269445" title="Seventeenth Federal Electoral District of the Federal District">
Seventeenth Federal Electoral District of the Federal District

The Seventeenth Federal Electoral District of the Federal District "(XVII Distrito Electoral Federal del Distrito Federal)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of 27 such districts in the Federal District ("DF" or Mexico City).
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, the DF's Seventeenth District covers the whole of
the borough "(delegación)" of Cuajimalpa,
plus that portion of the borough of Álvaro Obregón not covered by either the 16th or 26th Districts.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the 17th District covered the whole of Cuajimalpa, plus a portion of Álvaro Obregón located in the north of the borough.

</doc>
<doc id="20269451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269451" title="Delaware Queen Bees">
Delaware Queen Bees

The Delaware Queen Bees were a team of the Women's Football Alliance that was scheduled to begin play for its inaugural 2009 season. However, it did not play that year, and the team never came into existence.

</doc>
<doc id="20269471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269471" title="Rosetta Reitz">
Rosetta Reitz

Rosetta Reitz (September 28, 1924 – November 1, 2008) was an American feminist and jazz historian who searched for and established a record label producing 18 albums of the music of the early women of jazz and the blues.
Life and career.
Reitz was born in Utica, New York on September 28, 1924. She attended the University of Buffalo for one year and the University of Wisconsin–Madison for two years. After leaving college, she moved to Manhattan and worked at the Gotham Book Mart, later opening the Four Seasons, a bookstore in Greenwich Village she operated from 1947-1956. Throughout her varied career she worked as a stockbroker, owner of a greeting card business, a college professor and a food columnist for "The Village Voice" and authored a book about mushrooms "Mushroom Cookery".
Reitz was one of the second wave of feminism's earliest theory writers as author of the 1971 "The Village Voice" article "The Liberation of the Yiddishe Mama" and was a member of New York Radical Feminists and co-founder of the Older Women's Liberation (OWL). She then wrote 1977 book "Menopause: A Positive Approach", which was one of the first such books to have focused on menopause from the perspective of women, rather than with a medical approach. While writing the book, she listened to her music recordings which told of the strength of women, not their role as victims. Reitz noted that all the books she had read treated menopause as a dysfunction. She spent three years and spoke to 1,000 women in writing the book.
Using $10,000 she borrowed from friends, Rosetta Records was established in 1979. She would search for lost music, most often from record collectors. The music that Reitz discovered was usually in the public domain, but she would try to determine if there were any current rights and ensure that royalties were paid to the artists. Her music collections were built on old 78 rpm records of lesser-known performers including trumpeter and singer Valaida Snow, pianist-singer Georgia White, as well as others, such as Bessie Brown, Bertha Idaho and Maggie Jones. She also found long lost songs from better-known artists such as Ida Cox, Ma Rainey, Bessie Smith and Mae West. Her collecting covered the period from the 1920s to the 1960s, with particular attention to the Blues queens of the 1920s.
She would remaster the recordings, research the background of the artists and write liner notes. She designed the graphics for album covers and included historic photographs. While early records were shipped by mail, ultimately there were more than ten stores that carried the Rosetta label. With changes in recording media, the label switched to tapes and later CDs. Though official sales figures were never disclosed, Reitz estimated that the four "independent women's blues" compilation albums each sold 20,000 copies. The last album released came in the mid-1990s, but older releases were available online and the artists she found had been picked up by a number of mainstream recording labels.
In 1980 and 1981, Reitz organized a tribute to the "Women of Jazz" at Avery Fisher Hall as part of the Newport Jazz Festival. Called "The Blues is a Woman", the program, narrated by Carmen McRae, featured music by Adelaide Hall, Big Mama Thornton, Nell Carter and Koko Taylor. Ms Reitz was the recipient of three awards—the Wonder Woman Award of 1982, a Grandmother Winifred grant in 1994, and the Veteran Feminists of America 2002 Roll of Honor for feminists writers.
She died at age 84 on November 1, 2008 in Manhattan, New York of cardiopulmonary problems. She is survived by 3 daughters and a granddaughter.

</doc>
<doc id="20269472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269472" title="Abner Jones">
Abner Jones

Abner Jones (April 28, 1772 – May 29, 1841), also known as Elder Abner Jones, was a minister and early church reformer in the United States.
Early life.
According to "Memoir of Elder Abner Jones", which was published in 1842 by his son, A. D. Jones, Abner Jones was born in Royalston, Massachusetts to a father native to Massachusetts and a mother native to Rhode Island. He initially trained in medicine, and settled in Lyndon, Vermont around 1767. After establishing himself in Lyndon, he married Damaris Prior.
Ministry.
Elder Jones had entered the ministry in 1801. He organized several Christian churches in New Hampshire and Boston, Massachusetts, prior to settling in Haverhill, Massachusetts and preaching in nearby Salem.
In 1811, he attended worship at the Christian Church in Assonet, Massachusetts. In his memoirs, it is mentioned that this church had formerly been of the Baptist denomination, but had come in recent years into the Christian Connexion. He continued to preach in New Hampshire and Milan, New York until 1833. In September, 1833, he accepted the post of minister in the Assonet church. In 1835, his wife, Damaris, died, and was buried in the churchyard. She along with several others would later be moved to the Assonet Burying Ground when the church reduced the size of its cemetery.
Elder Jones left Assonet in early 1838, moving first to Portsmouth, New Hampshire and then Upton, Massachusetts. In 1839, he married Nancy F. Clark (also Clarke) of Nantucket, and in 1840 he removed from Upton to Exeter, New Hampshire. After his death in 1841, his funeral was conducted by the Rev. Elijah Shaw of Lowell.
Writing.
Abner Jones wrote many hymns, and together with Elias Smith he published multiple hymnals for use in the Christian Churches. In 1807, at the request of others, he wrote his autobiography, "The Life and Experience, Travels and Preaching of Abner Jones." Almost half a century later, his son would use this book as the basis of his own book "Memoirs of Abner Jones."

</doc>
<doc id="20269480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269480" title="Jantzi Social Index">
Jantzi Social Index

The Jantzi Social Index is a Canadian stock market index created in 2000. It is based on a modified S&P/TSX Composite Index with the purpose being to measure the effect of a socially and environmentally conscious stock market index on market behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="20269537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269537" title="Nilali Goundam Palayam">
Nilali Goundam Palayam

Nilali Goundam Palayam is a village located near Koduvai, in Tiruppur District, India. It comes under Kangayam Thaluka. The population is about 200 families, most of them engaged in agriculture, working in their own land. About 100 people traveling to Tiruppur to work in Textile Industries. All children in this areas are attending local schools. Nilali Goundam Palayam has 200 homes, with a population of over 1000. The village has three temples and a school teaching up to 8th grade. Alumni are working in various MNC's like HCL Technologies, Wipro, Cognizant, Tata Consultancy Services. Some of them studying Engineering, diploma, under graduate courses, and post graduate. political parties such as Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK), All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK), Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (MDMK), and Desiya Murpokku Dravida Kazhagam (DMDK) are supported.
Transport.
Bus Routes :-
The following buses are coming to this village.
Goundampalayam is located 3 km away from Dharapuram—Tirupur(Vanjipalayam) Route and 5KM away from Erode—Palani(Udhiyur) Route.

</doc>
<doc id="20269574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269574" title="Eighteenth Federal Electoral District of the Federal District">
Eighteenth Federal Electoral District of the Federal District

The Eighteenth Federal Electoral District of the Federal District "(XVIII Distrito Electoral Federal del Distrito Federal)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of 27 such districts in the Federal District ("DF" or Mexico City).
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, the DF's Eighteenth District covers the northern portion of the borough "(delegación)" of Iztapalapa.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the 18th District was located in the same area, and covered practically the same area of Iztapalapa.

</doc>
<doc id="20269581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269581" title="Wairarapa College">
Wairarapa College

Wairarapa College is a state coeducational secondary school located in Masterton, New Zealand. The college first opened in 1938, following the merger of Wairarapa High School with the Masterton Technical School. Serving Years 9 to 13, the college has students as of , including approximately 175 resident in the school's on-site boarding hostel, College House.
History.
Secondary education started in Masterton in 1884 when the Masterton Central School became the Masterton District High School and started accepting secondary students. However, the district high school was short-lived and the school reverted to primary only at the end of 1885.
The Masterton Technical School opened in 1897, offering technical secondary education. In 1908 it became the Seddon Memorial Technical School and moved to a purpose-built building in Dixon Street, which still stands today.
In 1902, the Masterton District High School was re-established at Masterton Central School in Russell Street. In 1922, the decision was made to separate the secondary component of the District High School. A site was purchased in Pownall Street for £2276 (NZ$4552), and in 1923, Wairarapa High School opened on the site. The District High School, now with only primary students, reverted to Masterton Central School, later moving to South Road in 1970 and merging with Harley Street School in 2004 to form today's Masterton Primary School.
Wairarapa College was founded in 1937 following the decision to merge Wairarapa High School and the Masterton Technical School, and the new college opened in 1938 on the High School site with 521 students.
Until 1960, it was the only full secondary school in the Wairarapa region, with district high schools (similar to today's composite and area schools) in the other seven Wairarapa towns. As the post-WWII baby boom picked up, Wairarapa College began to overcrowd, and with the movement away from district high schools to separate full high schools, two new secondary schools, Tararua College in Pahiatua and Kuranui College in Greytown opened in 1960 to replace the district high schools and to relieve pressure on Wairarapa College. However as the baby boom generation moved through secondary school, Wairarapa College soon became overcrowded again. Originally it was planned to split Wairarapa College into two single-sex schools on the same site, but this was later dropped and in 1968, Makora College opened on the east side of Masterton to relieve the school roll.
In June 2002, an arson attack on the school destroyed several classrooms and caused $1 million in property damage. Subsequently, the school developed a new 1200-seat auditorium and performing arts centre from the insurance payout and government property development funds.
Enrolment.
Until August 2013, Wairarapa College operates an enrolment scheme to help curb roll numbers and prevent overcrowding. The school's home zone, in which students residing were automatically entitled to be enrolled without rejection, covered the western half of the Masterton township and the rural area to the northwest, west and southwest of the town, bounded by Mikimiki Road to the north, State Highway 2 to the east, Wiltons Line in the south, and the Tararua Ranges in the west. In September 2013, the enrolment scheme was removed, meaning any eligible student may enrol without rejection.
At the September 2010 Education Review Office (ERO) review of the school, Wairarapa College had 1092 students enrolled, including four international students and 138 students living in College House. The school roll's gender composition was 54% male and 46% female, and its ethnic composition was 73% New Zealand European (Pākehā), 22% Māori, 2% Pacific Islanders, and 3% Other.

</doc>
<doc id="20269600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269600" title="Keystone Assault">
Keystone Assault

The Keystone Assault is a member of the Independent Women's Football League and a former charter member of the Women's Football Alliance which began play for its inaugural 2009 season. Based in the Pennsylvania capital of Harrisburg, the Assault plays its home games at East Pennsboro High School in nearby Enola.
Season-By-Season.
!Totals || 19 || 12 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="20269607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269607" title="Henri Ossébi">
Henri Ossébi

Henri Ossébi is a Congolese sociologist and politician who has served in the government of Congo-Brazzaville as Minister of Energy since 2011. Previously he was Minister of Higher Education from 2002 to 2009 and Minister of Scientific Research from 2009 to 2011.
Political career.
Ossébi was born in Gamboma, located in Plateaux Region. At the Marien Ngouabi University in Brazzaville, he was a professor of sociology from 1982 to 1997. After Denis Sassou Nguesso returned to power in 1997, Ossébi headed the Presidency's Department of National Education, Human Resources, and Scientific Research from 1997 to 2002. He helped establish Acting Together for Congo ("Agir ensemble pour le Congo"), a political association supportive of President Sassou Nguesso; this association was launched on 9 February 2002, and Ossébi became its General Coordinator. On 18 August 2002, he was appointed to the government as Minister of Higher Education and Scientific Research, and he succeeded Pierre Nzila in that post on 21 August. His portfolio was reduced in scope on 3 March 2007, when he was appointed as Minister of Higher Education.
In the June–August 2007 parliamentary election, Ossébi was Take Action for Congo's candidate in Abala constituency, located in Plateaux Region; he faced the candidate of the Congolese Labour Party (PCT), Gabriel Oba-Apounou (who was also the First Vice-President of the National Assembly), as well as an independent candidate, Joseph Mbossa. In the first round, Ossébi placed second behind Oba-Apounou, receiving 32.55% of the vote against 40.21% for Opa-Apounou. However, Ossébi prevailed in the second round, receiving 58.26% of the vote.
During the campaign for the July 2009 presidential election, Ossébi worked on President Sassou Nguesso's re-election campaign as Spokesman for Political Affairs, a post he shared with François Ibovi. After winning re-election, Sassou Nguesso moved Ossébi to the post of Minister of Scientific Research on 15 September 2009. At the PCT's Sixth Extraordinary Congress, held in July 2011, Ossébi was elected to the PCT's 51-member Political Bureau. In a minor government reshuffle on 12 December 2011, he switched ministries with Bruno Itoua, becoming Minister of Energy and Hydraulics. For Ossébi, the move was viewed as a promotion to a more important ministry.
In the July–August 2012 parliamentary election, Ossébi, this time standing as the PCT's candidate, was again elected to the National Assembly from Abala constituency; he won the seat in the first round with 79.95% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="20269625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269625" title="Morgan City High School">
Morgan City High School

Morgan City High School is a public, secondary school located in Morgan City, Louisiana.
School colors are green & white. The school is known for its 4A Baseball triumphs. 
The school opened up in 1911, making this year its 100th anniversary.
Staff.
MCHS Staff includes

</doc>
<doc id="20269631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269631" title="Barulas">
Barulas

Saint Barulas (died 303) was a third-century boy who was martyred along with Romanus of Caesarea by Emperor Galerius by being whipped and beheaded for their Christian beliefs. Their feast day is on November 18.

</doc>
<doc id="20269656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269656" title="Begonia davisii">
Begonia davisii

Begonia davisii is a plant in the begonia family, Begoniaceae, which was used in the early days of breeding "Begonia × tuberhybrida" cultivars.
It was discovered by the Victorian plant collector Walter Davis (after whom it was named) near Arequipa in Peru and was first introduced to England in 1877.
Description.
The plant has a dwarf, tufted habit with broadly ovate–cordate leaves, which are glossy bluish-green above and purplish beneath, with a slightly lobed serrated margin; the flowers are rich orange-scarlet in colour, arranged in threes on erect red-coloured scapes to high.
Hybridization.
The dwarf habit and erect flowers characteristic of this species were taken advantage of by John Seden, who rapidly evolved several garden forms, including a dwarf race of hybrids suitable for summer-bedding which became popular in Victorian England.
The cultivar, "B. davisii" Orangeade, which has double bright copper–orange flowers, is available commercially today.

</doc>
<doc id="20269665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269665" title="Cho Young-Jeung">
Cho Young-Jeung

Cho Young-Jeung (born August 18, 1954) is a South Korean former footballer who plays as a defender. He is now leader of Paju National Football Center (NFC).
He was a member of Technical Committee of FIFA until 2002 to 2007. It is for the first time in South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="20269702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269702" title="Kioti">
Kioti

KIOTI Tractor (pronounced "coyote"), is the trade name for Daedong tractors in North America and Europe. Daedong Industrial Co., Ltd., which is based in Daegu, South Korea, was founded in 1947, producing its first tractor in 1968. In 1993, Daedong expanded into the US market with Daedong-USA, based in Wendell, North Carolina, and established the KIOTI Tractor brand. Daedong produces tractors, combines, rice transplanters, UTV’s and tillers, as well as engines used in industry and power generation. Presently, Daedong markets over 30 different tractor models in the United States, ranging from 22 to 90 horsepower, as well as a number of attachments andimplements.
Daedong-USA, Inc. / KIOTI Tractor Division.
Daedong-USA, Inc. is the U.S. subsidiary of Daedong Industrial Co., Ltd. specializing in the manufacture and distribution of tractors, UTVs, attachments, and implements. Since its establishment in 1993, Daedong-USA has experienced rapid growth. Today, Daedong-USA distributes KIOTI products through an expanding KIOTI North American dealer network of more than 280 dealers, a U.S. warehouse distribution system, and its parts, service, and fulﬁllment center and North American Headquarters located in Wendell, North Carolina.
Company time line.
1986
1993
1999
2000
2003
2004
2005
2006
2008
2009
2010
2011
Subsidiaries and affiliates.
Daedong Industrial Co., Ltd..
Daedong Industrial Co., Ltd., located in Daegu, South Korea
Daedong-USA/KIOTI Tractor Division.
Bridgehead for sale of compact tractors in USA established in 1993.
Daedong Metals Co., Ltd..
Foundry to manufacture main casting parts of agricultural machinery and automobiles.
Daedong Gear Co., Ltd..
Specialized in all kinds of gears for agricultural, industrial machines, machine tools, vessels, special equipment, etc.
Han Kuk Chain Ind. Co., Ltd..
Manufactures various kinds of chains for conveyors, forklifts, and other purposes.
Sub-compact tractor and UTV are being manufactured since 2000 here
Daedong Training Center.
A deluxe facility for the training of dealers, end-users, and employees.

</doc>
<doc id="20269737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269737" title="Randy Heisler">
Randy Heisler

Randall ("Randy") Lee Heisler (born August 7, 1961 in Warsaw, Indiana) is a former discus thrower from the United States, who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. He was head coach at Indiana University for several years before stepping down. Soon after, he became the head track coach at Ball State University.
<br>
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20269784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269784" title="Neteller">
Neteller

Neteller is an e-money/e-wallet stored-value service owned and operated by publicly traded British global payments company Optimal Payments PLC. People in over 180 countries use the Neteller service to transfer money to and from merchants, almost exclusively online gambling firms, and can withdraw funds to their own bank accounts.
Foundation and regulation.
Neteller was founded in 1999 in Canada and moved to Isle of Man in 2004. The operation of the Neteller service has an e-money record with the UK government’s Financial Services Authority (FSA). It is listed as an "Authorised Electronic Money Institution".
Neteller is not a bank and does not lend customers' funds. It is required under FSA e-money regulations to maintain customer funds in separate trust accounts, separate from its operating cash, sufficient to repay all customer balances at the same time.
Online gambling.
Neteller began processing online gambling payments in July 200, it was processing payments for 80% of the world's gambling merchants. 95% of the firm's revenue at that time was derived from fund transfers to online gaming firms, with most users US residents.
Accounts of US users were frozen as the firm exited the US, and funds were eventually returned after 30 July 2007.
As a result of this enforced exit from the US market, and the risks associated with online gambling, the firm has sought to diversify. Despite this, Neteller fee revenues fell from US$ 239 million in 2006 to $44 million in 2010.
High-turnover customers are offered premium membership called "Neteller VIP". It includes additional features and lower fees similar to premium membership of biggest competitor Skrill.
Legal issues surrounding online gambling mean that customers in Canada, Hong Kong, Israel and Macau are not permitted to make transfers to gambling merchants.
Product capabilities.
Consumers can sign up for a Neteller account on the company’s website. Accounts may be set up in any major currency including: AUD, BGN, CAD, DKK, EUR, GBP, HUF, INR, JPY, LTL, LVL, MXN, NOK, PLN, RON, SEK, USD. Money can be loaded into the account from a bank, credit/debit card or via many other methods including Giropay, iDEAL, Ukash, Direct e-Banking or POLi. These deposit types vary by country and some are instant.
Money in a Neteller account can be used to pay merchants, sent to other customers of the service, or spent at any retailer that accepts MasterCard using the Neteller debit card that is part of the account. Money can also be received into the account directly from merchants, such as gambling winnings, insurance payouts or video-gaming trading proceeds. Customers can withdraw funds from their accounts by bank transfer, cheque, or using the company’s Net+ MasterCard debit card at point-of-sale and automated teller machines.
Neteller Net+ card.
In 2003 the company launched the Neteller Card. In 2007 it replaced these cards with MasterCard debit cards and re-branded the card product line as Neteller Net+ in 2008. Under the Neteller Net+ name the company offers MasterCard prepaid debit cards and merchant-brandable card programs, and formerly offered virtual cards. The Net+ virtual card generated a different virtual card number for each transaction instead of having a fixed card number, preventing some forms of fraud. If unauthorised users obtain and try to use card numbers, or if an otherwise legitimate merchant tries to take additional, unauthorised, payments, the transaction fails as the card number cannot be re-used.

</doc>
<doc id="20269835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269835" title="L'Encobert">
L'Encobert

The Hidden (, , "The Hidden/Shrouded ") (d. 1522) was a mysterious and charismatic leader of the remnants of the rebels in the last stages of the Revolt of the Brotherhoods in Aragon. Also called "The Hidden King" (, ), he claimed to be a prince hidden for his own safety now showing himself by divine command to save Spain from ruin. The Hidden unified the rebels for a short period, inspiring messianic fervor among his followers. He led them on hit-and-run raids against the royal government, uncooperative nobles, and Muslim peasants (mudéjars). The Hidden was killed in Burjassot on May 18, 1522, and the rebellion soon collapsed afterward. His true name and lineage are unknown.
Problems of historiography.
Little is known conclusively about The Hidden. Even the exact nature of claims about him are disputed, as it is nearly impossible to tell how much truth is to the government-approved unfavorable stories of him that predominated after the fact. Some influential versions of the tale were written by authors likely more interested in a gripping story rather than historical accuracy. Many of the claims are wholly contradictory. As such, it is difficult to tell whether particular elements in The Hidden's legend come from fact, claims The Hidden made directly himself, rumors spread by The Hidden's supporters, or stories spread by the government.
Some of the most reliable testimony about the actual beliefs of the Hidden and his followers comes from the Spanish Inquisition. The Inquisition arrested and questioned various members of the revolt for heresy, and recorded their answers. These answers give an idea of what actual supporters of The Hidden thought, as opposed to claims the government made later about the motives of The Hidden and the rebels.
Origin stories.
According to one account, The Hidden was raised in Gibraltar by a shepherd, hidden by Archbishop Cisneros for the country's own good and unaware of his true nature as a great noble of some kind. In a divine vision, his true nature was revealed to him by the prophets Elijah and Enoch, and he was directed to restore Spain from its current fallen state.
The exact nature of his royal claim also has several tellings. In one version, he was Prince Juan, the son of Ferdinand of Aragon and his second wife Germaine of Foix who died at birth; this would make him the true ruler of Aragon (if not Castile). For this to be correct, however, The Hidden would have been 12 years old when he joined the revolt, as Prince Juan was born and died in 1509. Slightly more plausible was the claim that he was the (officially) stillborn child of John of Castile and Margaret of Austria. John was another child of Ferdinand and Isabella's, and furthermore older than his sister Joanna and male, which would have made The Hidden Charles I's cousin and the true successor to the throne, as Charles descended from Joanna's claim. In an alternate version from Martín Viciana, it was the disliked Cardinal Mendoza (the Viceroy's father) who had hidden the prince away for evil reasons, rather than the popular Archbishop Cisneros performing the deed for noble ones.
According to a story circulated by Miquel Garcia, who bore little love for The Hidden, he was actually a Jewish trickster born in Castile. The Hidden, along with the other Jews of Spain, were exiled, and he came to live in Oran in North Africa. There he served a rich and possibly also Jewish merchant named Juan Bilbao, who had accompanied him to Oran. The Hidden then seduced both his master's wife and daughter. He may have also converted to Christianity as well, but treacherously and only for the purpose of getting closer to Bilbao's wife. Bilbao proceeded to serve the governor of Oran for a time, where The Hidden astonished him with his villainy. The Hidden was arrested, and whipped publicly. He left Oran for Valencia then, taking on a new identity and living as a hermit for a time before seeing his chance to raise more trouble by unifying the rebellion and pushing it onward. Very few of the contemporary accounts have any reference to him being a Jew or "converso", however. This account also has some temporal issues, as most sources agree that The Hidden was youngish (from 20–25 years old). The Jews were exiled in 1492, 30 years prior to The Hidden's entry to Valencia, so for this account to be true either The Hidden wore his years very well, or he stayed in Castile for longer than he legally was allowed.
Name.
In general, The Hidden was known simply as "L'Encobert" ("El Encubierto" in Castilian Spanish) due to him being "hidden" after his birth. However, the variant "The Hidden King" also existed as his title. Historian Sara Nalle claims that "The Hidden King" was only used by later governmental chroniclers who in her view fundamentally misunderstood him. Since the first phases of the Revolt of the Brotherhoods had been an attempt to replace the government with a new one, the later chronicles assumed The Hidden had meant the same thing, hence the emphasis on the royal descent part of his legend and "The Hidden King." According to Nalle, the Valencian supporters of The Hidden saw him more as a messianic religious prophet, and not so much a governmental leader, and hence called him solely "The Hidden."
The Hidden, in his first major speech in Xàtiva, also offered two other names for himself. He said he could be called "Brother" (a term with Messianic connotations at the time) or "the man with the sailor's cape," as he was wearing such a cape at the time.
Physical description.
The main physical description of The Hidden is from Martín Viciana, a biographer admittedly unfavorable to The Hidden. According to him, The Hidden was of moderate stature, had a reddish beard, chestnut-colored hair, aquiline nose, blue eyes, short and thick hands, large feet, had a small mouth, and was bow-legged. He spoke excellent Castilian in a courtly style. Viciana does not mention the story that The Hidden was as a secret Jew in his account, as his description contrasts with the normal stereotype of a Sephardic Jew. Nalle believes that this description was an intentionally unflattering one, in contrast with a prophesied savior that The Hidden had successfully presented himself as. 
At first The Hidden dressed moderately, but as he gained prestige among the rebels he dressed in a red velvet tunic, red silk stockings, a velvet cap, and bore a gilded sword. He always traveled on his personal horse, a small colt.
Activity in the Revolt of the Brotherhoods.
Background.
From 1519–1521, the Revolt of the Brotherhoods raged. However, at the close of 1521, it seemed as if the revolt was in its last throes. The city of Valencia had fallen to the royal government, and most of the organized armies of the rebellion had disbanded. Vicent Peris maintained Xàtiva and its castle for the rebels, but in February Peris was captured trying to instigate a new revolt in Valencia. Rebel support still simmered through Valencia, but it now lacked a leader.
Taking command of the agermanats.
The Hidden came to prominence with an explosive sermon he gave on March 22, 1522, in the town of Xàtiva. He explained his story about meeting the prophets Enoch and Elijah and how he had been directed to save Valencia, restore the Holy Land, and care for the poor. He also said that he needed to discuss matters with King Charles. Shortly afterward, he gave another sermon to a gigantic crowd in Alzira. These two towns would be the base of his support. Xàtiva had fallen to royal troops in early March, but now was contested once again by The Hidden's renewed rebellion in the city.
Under The Hidden, the revolt emphasized Valencian sovereignty rather than the widespread revolution that Vicent Peris had aimed for. He attracted support and recruits from local country elites, leaders, and rich farmers. Under his direction, money and property were impounded from clerics and nobles who opposed him. He also began rebuilding the armies of the agermanats (members of the "Germanies" (guilds), though now a term for any rebel), though they still remained small compared to their former sizes. Farms were looted, noble holdings assaulted, and any Muslims in their domain were forced to convert. The mountainous terrain of southern Valencia was well-suited for guerrilla warfare, and the raiding bands of rebels were difficult to locate by the royal armies. In an ambush set in Xàtiva itself, the rebels wounded the Duke of Gandia and the Count of Oliva, though The Hidden was hurt himself in the battle. According to royalist sympathetic sources, The Hidden was not valorous in the skirmishes he led nor was overly effective in battle.
Death.
The "Germanies" powerbase was now in the countryside, but The Hidden sought to eventually retake the city of Valencia. As such, he ventured to the outskirts of the city of Valencia on some recruiting missions to raise support for the rebellion. On May 18, he visited the town of Burjassot with some fifteen supporters, distinguished by their white shirts. The previous night, the royal government had raised the alert and closed the gates to Valencia. According to some accounts, The Hidden sought to arrange the assassination of the Marquis of Zenete, the brother of Viceroy Mendoza. However, the royal government had set a considerable bounty on his head. While The Hidden was talking with a former captain of the "Germanies" army, some seven men rode in and, without dismounting, chopped off The Hidden's head. His remains were taken to Valencia, and his head hosted upon the city gates with those of other traitors. The rest of his body was handed over to the Inquisition, where he was posthumously tried for heresy. He was convicted and his body was burned.
Supernatural events, prophecies, and theology.
One fact that most accounts agree on is that The Hidden claimed that Elijah and Enoch had given him his divine mandate to lead the rebellion. After that, stories are less consistent; based on this, Nalle believes that only the story of the two prophets was claimed by The Hidden himself. It seems likely that The Hidden was familiar with the book "De La Venguda Del Antichrist" ("Of the Coming of the Antichrist"), a book by John Alamany republished in Valencia in 1520. According to "Venguda Del Antichrist", a Messiah would soon come who would lead a new Crusade to the Holy Land, annihilate the Muslims, and do battle with the Antichrist as predicted in the Book of Revelation. While not referencing the book directly, The Hidden tapped into the beliefs contained in it which had wide acceptance in Valencia at the time and presented himself as the prophesied savior. There had already existed a belief that Enoch and Elijah lived in a paradise on earth and would fight the Antichrist in Rome, which also tied into his story of meeting them. From his supporters, a variety of holy visions and powers were granted to him. He was said to be the new Messiah, or an angel in human form. He was said to be invulnerable unless he was in Jerusalem, which he was fated to reconquer. Another account said that he levitated into the air while praying.
The Hidden also propounded a four-sided Trinity, with Four Religions and Four Judgments. This was similar to Joachism, whose teachings had spread throughout Valencia. According to older sources, his view of the four-element "Trinity" was Father, Son, Holy Ghost, and Holy Sacrament. According to royalist sources, he claimed that the Devil was the fourth element. The Devil was the first son of God, and Jesus only the second. In these sources, his theology was largely inspired by translations of Greek philosophers and Gnostics that the Moors had made while they controlled Iberia.
Later influence.
The revolt continued at a low-level after The Hidden's death, with several new claimants taking up The Hidden's name. None of them proved as charismatic as the original, and warfare in Valencia had largely stopped by the end of 1522.
The Hidden was referenced in various histories and light tales afterward, often romanticized heavily. These stories became some of the main records of The Hidden's life despite their unreliability due to the paucity of official records kept and the government's desire to suppress the memory of the revolt. Much later, in the 19th century, the story received a burst of popularity again as it was used by Valencian writers and intellectuals to support their desire for autonomy from Spain. The treatment was again more romantic than historical. Examples include Vicente Boix's "El encubierto de Valencia".

</doc>
<doc id="20269843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269843" title="Decision engineering">
Decision engineering

Decision engineering is a framework that unifies a number of best practices for organizational decision making. It is based on the recognition that, in many organizations, decision making could be improved if a more structured approach were used. Decision engineering seeks to overcome a decision making "complexity ceiling", which is characterized by a mismatch between the sophistication of organizational decision making practices and the complexity of situations in which those decisions must be made. As such, it seeks to solve some of the issues identified around complexity theory and organizations. In this sense, decision engineering represents a practical application of the field of complex systems, which helps organizations to navigate the complex systems in which they find themselves. Decision engineering can also be thought of as a framework that brings advanced analytics techniques to the desktop of the non-expert decision maker, as well as incorporating, and then extending, inductive reasoning and machine learning techniques to overcome the problems articulated in Black swan theory.
Decision engineering proponents believe that many organizations continue to make poor decisions. In response, decision engineering seeks to unify a number of decision making best practices, described in more detail below.
Decision engineering builds on the insight that it is possible to "design" the decision itself, using principles previously used for designing more tangible objects like bridges and buildings.
The use of a "visual" design language representing decisions is an important element of decision engineering, since it provides an intuitive common language readily understood by all decision participants. A visual metaphor improves the ability to reason about complex systems as well as to enhance collaboration.
In addition to visual decision design, there are other two aspects of engineering disciplines that aid mass adoption. These are: 1) the creation of a shared language of design elements and 2) the use of a common methodology or process, as illustrated in the diagram above.
Motivation.
The need for a unified methodology of decision making is driven by a number of factors that organizations face as they make difficult decisions in a complex internal and external environment.
Recognition of the broad-based inability of current methods to solve decision making issues in practice comes from several sources, including government sources and industries such as telecommunications, media, the automotive industry, and pharmaceuticals.
Examples:
Transferring engineering principles.
Unlike other decision making tools and methodologies, decision engineering seeks to bring to bear a number of engineering practices to the process of creating a decision. These include requirements analysis, specification, scenario planning, quality assurance, security, and the use of design principles as described above. During the decision execution phase, outputs produced during the design phase can be used in a number of ways; monitoring approaches like business dashboards and assumption based planning are used to track the outcome of a decision and to trigger replanning as appropriate. One view of how some of these elements combine is shown in the diagram at the start of this article.
Decision engineering has the potential to improve the quality of decisions made, the ability to make them more quickly, the ability to align organizational resources more effectively around a change in decisions, and lowers the risks associated with decisions. Furthermore, a designed decision can be reused and modified as new information is obtained.
Bringing numerical methods to the desktop.
Although many elements of decision engineering, such as Sensitivity analysis and analytics are mature disciplines, they are not in wide use by decision makers. Decision engineering seeks to create a visual language that serves to facilitate communication between them and quantitative experts, allowing broader utilization of these and other numerical and technical approaches.
In particular, dependency links in a decision model represent cause-and-effect (as in a causal loop diagram), data flow (as in a data flow diagram), or other relationships. As an example, one link might represent the connection between "mean time to repair a problem with telephone service" and "customer satisfaction", where a short repair time would presumably raise customer satisfaction. The functional form of these dependencies can be determined by a number of approaches. Numerical approaches, which analyze data to determine these functions, include machine learning and analytics algorithms (including artificial neural networks), as well as more traditional regression analysis. Results from operations research and many other quantitative approaches have a similar role to play.
When data is not available (or is too noisy, uncertain, or incomplete), these dependency links can take on the form of rules as might be found in an expert system or rule-based system, and so can be obtained through knowledge engineering.
In this way, a decision model represents a mechanism for combining multiple relationships, as well as symbolic and subsymbolic reasoning, into a complete solution to determining the outcome of a practical decision.
Origins.
It is interesting to note that, despite decades of development of decision support system and methodologies (like decision analysis), these are still less popular than spreadsheets as primary tools for decision making. Decision engineering seeks to bridge this gap, creating a critical mass of users of a common methodology and language for the core entities included in a decision, such as assumptions, external values, facts, data, and conclusions. If a pattern from previous industries holds, such a methodology will also facilitate technology adoption, by clarifying common maturity models and road maps that can be shared from one organization to another.
The decision engineering approach is multidisciplinary, unifying findings on cognitive bias and decision making, situational awareness, critical and creative thinking, collaboration and organizational design, with engineering technologies.
Decision engineering is considered an improvement upon current organizational decision making practices, which include the use of spreadsheets (difficult to QA, hard to collaborate and discuss), text (sequential in nature, so is not a good fit for how information flows through a decision structure), and verbal argument. The movement from these largely informal structures to one in which a decision is documented in a well understood, visual language, echoes the creation of common blueprint methodologies in construction, with promise of similar benefits.
Decision engineering is both a very new and also a very old discipline. Many of its elements—such as the language of assessing assumptions, using logic to support an argument, the necessity of critical thinking to evaluate a decision, and understanding the impacts of bias—are ancient. Yet the realization that these elements can form a coherent whole that provides significant benefits to organizations by focusing on a common methodology is relatively new.
Visual decision design.
Because it makes visible the otherwise invisible reasoning structures used in complex decisions, the design aspect of decision engineering draws from other conceptual representation technologies like mind mapping, conceptual graphs, and semantic networks.
The basic idea is that a visual metaphor enhances intuitive thinking, inductive reasoning, and pattern recognition—important cognitive skills usually less accessible in a verbal or text discussion.
A business decision map can be seen as one approach to a formal decision language to support decision engineering. See, e.g., Waring, 2010.
Explicit representation of intangibles.
Decision engineering recognizes that many aspects of decision making are based on intangible elements, including opportunity costs, employee morale, intellectual capital, brand recognition and other forms of business value that are not captured in traditional quantitative or financial models. Value network analysis—most notably "Value network maps"—are therefore relevant here.

</doc>
<doc id="20269873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269873" title="NCAA Basketball series">
NCAA Basketball series

The NCAA Basketball (formerly NCAA March Madness) series was a College basketball game published by EA Sports from 1995 until 2009. After EA Sports' rival publisher 2K Sports cancelled its own college basketball game, College Hoops, in 2008, EA changed the name of the series from "NCAA March Madness" to "NCAA College Basketball". The series was discontinued on February 10, 2010.
Like other games based on NCAA sports, it could not feature the players' names (as that is against NCAA policy/rules), so only the players' numbers were used in the rosters. Users were able to edit the rosters, putting in the correct names for each team if they wished to do so. Many player last names were built into the in-game commentary, like in the "NBA Live" series.
Verne Lundquist, Brad Nessler, and Gus Johnson lent their voices for play-by-play in the games at various times. Lundquist was the original announcer, with Nessler taking over in the mid-2000s and Johnson joining him for the most recent game in the series. Bill Raftery and Dick Vitale were analysts. Raftery originally worked with Lundquist on their games and returned to work alongside Johnson for CBS-branded games in "NCAA Basketball 10", while Vitale and Nessler joined the series at the same time.
Games.
"NCAA March Madness 98".
"NCAA March Madness 98" was the 1998 installment in the NCAA March Madness series. It was released on February 28, 1998 for the PlayStation. Former Wake Forest player Tim Duncan is featured on the cover.
"NCAA March Madness 99".
"NCAA March Madness 99" was the 1999 installment in the NCAA March Madness series. It was released on November 30, 1998 for the PlayStation. Former North Carolina And current Los Angeles Clipper player Antawn Jamison is featured on the cover.
"NCAA March Madness 2000".
"NCAA March Madness 2000" was the 1999 installment in the NCAA March Madness series. It was released on November 30, 1999 for the PlayStation. Former Maryland player Steve Francis is featured on the cover.
"NCAA March Madness 2001".
"NCAA March Madness 2001" was the 2000 installment in the NCAA March Madness series. It was released on December 6, 2000 for the PlayStation. Former Cincinnati player Kenyon Martin is featured on the cover.
"NCAA March Madness 2002".
"NCAA March Madness 2002" was the 2001 installment in the NCAA March Madness series. It was released on January 9, 2002 for the PlayStation 2. Former Duke and current Miami Heat player Shane Battier is featured on the cover.
"NCAA March Madness 2003".
"NCAA March Madness 2003" was the 2002 installment in the NCAA March Madness series. It was released on November 21, 2002 for the PlayStation 2. Former Kansas Jayhawk player Drew Gooden was featured on the cover. The game's cover shows deformities within the artwork.
"NCAA March Madness 2004".
"NCAA March Madness 2004" was the 2003 installment in the NCAA March Madness series. It was released on November 17, 2003 for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox. Former Syracuse player Carmelo Anthony was featured on the cover. Commentary is done by Brad Nessler and "Mr. College Basketball" Dick Vitale as he is introduced in the game. This was the first time the player could pick his favorite school and the menus would be stylized in the school's colors and a cheerleader or mascot will appear on the main menu while playing the school's fight song. The game plays similar to NBA Live 2004.
Features.
The game allows the player to pick their favorite school and run a college basketball dynasty for up to 30 seasons and lead them to a National Championship. The player can play as a prestigious school or a school of lower prestige and bring them into the national spotlight. The game allows the player to create his own school, but with limited options. The game features all of the major tournaments including the NCAA Tournament and Maui Invitational and a Frat Party Mode which is a four team tournament for 4-players. Other modes include mascot game, where the player can play as a school's mascot. As well as Dickie V integration where Dick Vitale offers his take on the features of the game and gives gamers hints in Dynasty Mode on recruiting. The player can also import their draft class to NBA Live 2004, however the players are given fictional names after they are imported.
Extras.
Extras in the game feature the cameos of NBA rookies Carmelo Anthony, Chris Bosh, and Kirk Hinrich and rowdy college fans and NCAA head coaches saying "EA Sports, It's In The Game". For added realism, NCAA head basketball coaches offer defensive and offensive strategies.
Reception.
Critics praised the new features of the game and the addition of tournament modes to gameplay. It was praised as a "good, overall basketball game".
"NCAA March Madness 2005".
"NCAA March Madness 2005" was the 2004 installment in the NCAA March Madness series. It was released on November 16, 2004 for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox. Former Connecticut and current Phoenix Suns player Emeka Okafor was featured on the cover.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack of the game used college band versions of licensed songs. The songs used were "Hey Mama" by The Black Eyed Peas, "Hanging on a Moment" by Lifehouse, "The Middle" by Jimmy Eat World, "A Little Less Conversation" by Elvis Presley, and others.
"NCAA March Madness 06".
"NCAA March Madness 06" was the 2005 installment in the NCAA March Madness series. It was released on October 11, 2005 for the PlayStation 2 and the Xbox. Former North Carolina and current New York Knicks player Raymond Felton is featured on the cover.
"NCAA March Madness 07".
"NCAA March Madness 07" was the 2006 installment in the NCAA March Madness series. It was released on January 17, 2007 for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360. Former Gonzaga player Adam Morrison is featured on the cover.
"NCAA March Madness 08".
"NCAA March Madness 08" was the 2007 installment in the NCAA March Madness series. It was released on December 7, 2007 for the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 2, and Xbox 360. Former University of Texas forward Kevin Durant was featured on the cover. It was the first "March Madness" game available for the PlayStation 3.
"NCAA Basketball 10".
The "NCAA Basketball" series was discontinued after "NCAA Basketball 10".

</doc>
<doc id="20269925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269925" title="Free convolution">
Free convolution

Free convolution is the free probability analog of the classical notion of convolution of probability measures. Due to the non-commutative nature of free probability theory, one has to talk separately about additive and multiplicative free convolution, which arise from addition and multiplication of free random variables (see below; in the classical case, what would be the analog of free multiplicative convolution can be reduced to additive convolution by passing to logarithms of random variables). These operations have some interpretations in terms of empirical spectral measures of random matrices.
The notion of free convolution was introduced by Voiculescu.
Free additive convolution.
Let formula_1 and formula_2 be two probability measures on the real line, and assume that formula_3 is a random variable in a non commutative probability space with law formula_1 and formula_5 is a random variable in the same non commutative probability space with law formula_2. Assume finally that formula_3 and formula_5 are freely independent. Then the free additive convolutionformula_9 is the law of formula_10. Random matrices interpretation: if formula_11 and formula_12 are some independent formula_13 by formula_13 Hermitian (resp. real symmetric) random matrices such that at least one of them is invariant, in law, under conjugation by any unitary (resp. orthogonal) matrix and such that the empirical spectral measures of formula_11 and formula_12 tend respectively to formula_1 and formula_2 as formula_13 tends to infinity, then the empirical spectral measure of formula_20 tends to formula_9.
In many cases, it is possible to compute the probability measure formula_9 explicitly by using complex-analytic techniques and the R-transform of the measures formula_1 and formula_2.
Rectangular free additive convolution.
The rectangular free additive convolution (with ratio formula_25) formula_26 has also been defined in the non commutative probability framework by Benaych-Georges and admits the following random matrices interpretation. For formula_27, for formula_11 and formula_12 are some independent formula_13 by formula_31 complex (resp. real) random matrices such that at least one of them is invariant, in law, under multiplication on the left and on the right by any unitary (resp. orthogonal) matrix and such that the empirical singular values distribution of formula_11 and formula_12 tend respectively to formula_1 and formula_2 as formula_13 and formula_31 tend to infinity in such a way that formula_38 tends to formula_25, then the empirical singular values distribution of formula_20 tends to formula_41.
In many cases, it is possible to compute the probability measure formula_41 explicitly by using complex-analytic techniques and the rectangular R-transform with ratio formula_25 of the measures formula_1 and formula_2.
Free multiplicative convolution.
Let formula_1 and formula_2 be two probability measures on the interval formula_48, and assume that formula_3 is a random variable in a non commutative probability space with law formula_1 and formula_5 is a random variable in the same non commutative probability space with law formula_2. Assume finally that formula_3 and formula_5 are freely independent. Then the free multiplicative convolutionformula_55 is the law of formula_56 (or, equivalently, the law of formula_57. Random matrices interpretation: if formula_11 and formula_12 are some independent formula_13 by formula_13 non negative Hermitian (resp. real symmetric) random matrices such that at least one of them is invariant, in law, under conjugation by any unitary (resp. orthogonal) matrix and such that the empirical spectral measures of formula_11 and formula_12 tend respectively to formula_1 and formula_2 as formula_13 tends to infinity, then the empirical spectral measure of formula_67 tends to formula_55.
A similar definition can be made in the case of laws formula_69 supported on the unit circle formula_70, with a orthogonal or unitary random matrices interpretation.
Explicit computations of multiplicative free convolution can be carried out using complex-analytic techniques and the S-transform.
Applications of free convolution.
Through its applications to random matrices, free convolution has some strong connections with other works on G-estimation of Girko.
The applications in wireless communications, finance and biology have provided a useful framework when the number of observations is of the same order as the dimensions of the system.

</doc>
<doc id="20269926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269926" title="NCAA Basketball (video game)">
NCAA Basketball (video game)

NCAA Basketball - known as World League Basketball in Europe [http://cheats.ign.com/objects/012/012515.html] and in Japan - is a basketball video game which was developed by Sculptured Software for the Super NES.
It was the first basketball game for a console to utilize a 3D perspective. The game uses the Super Nintendo's Mode 7 to create a 3D players' perspective that became the standard for later basketball video games. Sculptured's "NHL Stanley Cup" featured a similar effect.
According to short-lived "Flux" magazine, which originated in the United States, this video game was declared to be the 75th best video game of all time.
Gameplay.
In the game, the player chooses a basketball team and then plays against either a computer or human player on a court. The goal is to score the most baskets within the given time through dribbling and passing. Players also have the ability to save the game as well as change options and difficulty settings. 
The game allows the player to play either an exhibition game or a full season.
The North American version of the game contains college teams from five major NCAA Division I-A conferences, while the European game features fictional professional teams located throughout the world, and the Japanese release has its own fictionalized likenesses of NBA teams.

</doc>
<doc id="20269941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269941" title="The Shroud">
The Shroud

The Shroud may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20269960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269960" title="Golica, Železniki">
Golica, Železniki

Golica is a settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church on Mount Saint Nicholas () above the settlement is dedicated to Saint Nicholas. It is an easy climb and is a popular destination with day-trippers and hikers.

</doc>
<doc id="20269964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20269964" title="Committeemen and Committeewomen (Cook County, Illinois)">
Committeemen and Committeewomen (Cook County, Illinois)

Ward Committeemen and Township Committeemen are political party officials who serve many standard committeemen and committeewomen duties on behalf of their political party in Cook County, Illinois.
In Cook County, the city of Chicago is divided into 50 wards that each have elected committeemen for each party in addition to a single elected alderman. In addition, each of the 30 townships within Cook County has a committeeman for each party. The committeemen are elected during the municipal primary elections. The positions are unpaid with responsibilities that include voter registration, community forums, election materials, and election operations. In addition, the committeemen are responsible for producing smooth political processes during the elections in their wards, which includes attempting to produce high voter turnout.
Committeemen are voting members in the political organization of their party in the County. This roles gives them authority on behalf of the party to endorse replacements for some vacated political posts such as United States Congressman and state legislators (vacated United States Senate posts are appointed by the Illinois Governor and vacated Chicago City Council posts are appointed by the Chicago Mayor).
Operationally, sometimes the committeeman controls the ward, sometimes the alderman controls the committeeman and sometimes the committeeman and the alderman are one and the same. In many cases the committeeman also has influence over the doling out of jobs, favors, and services around the ward. Sometimes a committeeman accumulates sufficient influence to place his loyalists into political positions outside of the ward.

</doc>
<doc id="20270023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270023" title="Philadelphia Liberty Belles">
Philadelphia Liberty Belles

The Philadelphia Liberty Belles are a team of the Women's Football Alliance which began play for its inaugural 2009 season. Home games are played on the campus of Wissahickon High School in Ambler, Pennsylvania.
The Liberty Belles are named in honor of a team which played in the National Women's Football Association and Independent Women's Football League from 2001-2004 (and in fact, won the NWFA's inaugural 2001 championship). Despite the namesake, there is no connection between the two teams and only one person related to this team from the original (Carol Grubb).
Season-By-Season.
!Totals || 21 || 10 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="20270055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270055" title="1985 Los Angeles Raiders season">
1985 Los Angeles Raiders season

The 1985 Los Angeles Raiders season was their 26th in the league. They improved upon their previous season's output of 11–5, winning 12 games. The team qualified for the playoffs for the fourth straight season.
MVP.
Running Back Marcus Allen earned the 1985 league MVP. Allen started all 16 games and caught the ball 99 times for 1,759 yards and 7 touchdowns. His longest reception was 61 yards and his receiving average 11.6 yards per catch. He also completed 2 of 2 passes for 32 yards for zero touchdowns.
Pro Bowlers.
The 1985 Raiders had several players make it to the Pro Bowl. They were Marcus Allen, Todd Christensen and Howie Long etc.

</doc>
<doc id="20270086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270086" title="2003 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship">
2003 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship

2003 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship was a tournament of 48 teams from NCAA Division I across the nation who played for the NCAA Championship. This year's College Cup Final Four was held at Columbus Crew Stadium in Columbus, Ohio. All the other games were played at the home field of the higher seeded. The final was held on December 14, 2003. St. John's, Maryland, Santa Clara, and Indiana qualified for the Final Four. St. John's beat Maryland and Indiana beat Santa Clara. In the final Indiana beat St. John's 2-1.
The tournament started on November 21, 2003. The first round was played on November 21 and 22nd. The second round on the 26th, and the third round on the 29th and 30th. The Regional Finals were played on December 5-7. 

</doc>
<doc id="20270087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270087" title="The Hits Collection">
The Hits Collection

The Hits Collection may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20270101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270101" title="Toll roads in Australia">
Toll roads in Australia

This article lists and outlines tollways or Toll roads in Australia. 
Tollways are found in the eastern states of New South Wales, Victoria and Queensland. Currently all are within metropolitan areas of Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane.
Most tollways operate an open system of toll collection (tolls are collected at a barrier or mainline toll plaza). The Westlink M7 is Closed System where tolls are calculated based on distance from entry/exit points.
An Electronic Toll Collection System, known as e-TAG can be used for payment on all tollways, while some still permit payment by cash. Tollways in Queensland use the Queensland Motorways system, go via. This system uses free-flow tolling and replaced E Toll after the Gateway Motorway upgrade and the duplication of the Gateway Bridge in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20270121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270121" title="Town Mill">
Town Mill

Town Mill is the name of a number of mills in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="20270160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270160" title="Pacific Warriors">
Pacific Warriors

The Pacific Warriors are a team of the Women's Football Alliance which began play for the 2010 season. Based in Hermosa Beach, California, the Warriors play their home games at Waller Stadium on the campus of Mira Costa High School.
The Warriors are one of two Los Angeles County-based teams in the WFA, the other being the Los Angeles Amazons.
Season-By-Season.
!Totals || 19 || 10 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="20270173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270173" title="How to Read Donald Duck">
How to Read Donald Duck

How to Read Donald Duck ("Para leer al Pato Donald" in Spanish) is a Marxist political analysis by Ariel Dorfman and Armand Mattelart on what they perceive is cultural imperialism in popular entertainment, published in Chile in 1972. Written in the form of essay (or, in the authors' words, a "decolonization manual"), the book is an analysis of mass literature, specifically the Disney comics published for the Latin American market. It is one of the first social studies of entertainment and the leisure industry from a political-ideological angle, and the book deals extensively with the political role of children's literature.
Thesis.
The book's thesis is that Disney comics are not only a reflection of the prevailing ideology at the time (capitalism), but that they are also aware of this, and are active agents in spreading the ideology. To do so, Disney comics use images of the everyday world:
This closeness to everyday life is so only in appearance, because the world shown in the comics, according to the thesis, is based on ideological concepts, resulting in a set of "natural rules" that lead to the acceptance of particular ideas about capital, the developed countries' relationship with the third world, gender roles, etc.
As an example, the book considers the lack of descendants of the characters. Everybody has an uncle or nephew, everybody is a cousin of someone, but nobody has fathers or sons. The only mother shown on a regular basis is Beagle Boy's mother, who lives outside the law and who almost never shows affection to her offspring. This non-parental reality creates horizontal levels in society, where there is no hierarchic order, except the one given by the amount of money and wealth possessed by each, and where there is almost no solidarity among those of the same level, creating a situation where the only thing left is crude competition. Another issue analyzed is the absolute necessity to have a stroke of luck for social mobility (regardless of the effort or intelligence involved), the lack of ability of the native tribes to manage their wealth, and others.
Criticism.
Thomas Andrae, who is an author on Carl Barks, has criticized the thesis of Dorfman and Mattelart. Andrae writes that it is not true that Disney controlled the work of every cartoonist, and that cartoonists had almost completely free hands unlike those who worked with animations. According to Andrae, Carl Barks did not even know that his cartoons were read outside the United States in the 1950s. Lastly, he writes that Barks cartoons include social criticism and even anti-capitalist and anti-imperialist references.

</doc>
<doc id="20270200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270200" title="Choi Sang-Kook">
Choi Sang-Kook

Choi Sang-Kook (born February 15, 1961) is a South Korean football manager and former footballer who plays as a forward. He played only for POSCO Atoms.
Career.
Sang-Kuk was the top scorer in the 1987 K-League season and he was also the top assister. He broke Piyapong Piew-on's record in the 1985 K-League season. He is the last man that was the top scorer and assister in the same season . He was part of the South Korea national football team. He played at 1984 AFC Asian Cup, 1986 Asian Games, 1988 Summer Olympics and many of South Korea's matches. He played at the 1990 FIFA World Cup qualification, but he failed to join the final squad.

</doc>
<doc id="20270224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270224" title="Australian Sex Party">
Australian Sex Party

The Australian Sex Party is an Australian political party founded in 2009 in response to concerns over the influence of religion in politics. The party was born out of an adult-industry lobby group, the Eros Association. Its leader, Fiona Patten, is the association's CEO, while the party's registered officer, Robert Swan, is the association's media director. Patten describes the party as a "civil libertarian alternative". Patten is a veteran campaigner on issues such as censorship, equality, and discrimination.
Election results.
2009 federal by-elections.
The party contested elections for the first time at the Higgins and Bradfield by-elections in November 2009, gaining over three percent of the primary vote in both seats, coming fourth of ten, and third of twenty-two candidates, respectively.
2010 federal election.
The party contested six of 150 House of Representatives seats and all states and territories (except Tasmania and the Australian Capital Territory) in the Senate at the 2010 federal election. Receiving more than 250,000 first preferences, the party won 2.04 percent of the national Senate vote. After the major parties and the Australian Greens, the Sex Party during the vote count were "neck and neck" with the Family First Party for the fourth place in the national Senate vote. The party "outpolled several more prominent minor parties and came within about 10,000 votes of Family First for the Senate in Victoria". After the party's first federal election contest, Patten claimed that the Sex Party was "now the major minor party in Australian politics":
We’ve polled better than the Greens did in their first federal election and believe that our vision of Australia as the most socially progressive country in the world is equal to the Greens environmental messages of 20 years ago.
Whilst the Sex Party did not win any seats, their preferences were substantially beneficial to the Greens who won a Senate seat in every state for the first time.
2010 Victorian state election.
The party contested seats at the 2010 Victorian state election on 27 November, and received 1.9 percent of the vote in the upper house. Labor, the Coalition, and the Greens all directed preferences to the ASP in the multimember proportional upper house.
2011–13 Victorian state by-elections.
The party received 5 percent and 8 percent of the vote at the 2011 Broadmeadows and 2012 Niddrie by-elections in the absence of Liberal Party of Australia candidates. Patten contested the 2012 Melbourne state by-election, coming third out of 16 candidates, receiving 6.6 percent of the vote, in the absence of a Liberal candidate. She says the party preferenced Labor ahead of the Greens on their how-to-vote card at the Melbourne by-election due to the "anti-sex feminist movement" within the Greens, but that future preferences may change again. The Sex Party produced a split Labor/Green how-to-vote card at the 2013 Lyndhurst by-election and won 8.4 percent of the primary vote again in the absence of a Liberal candidate.
Policies.
The Australian Sex Party's policy platform has been described as libertarian. It is opposed to mandatory internet censorship, and supports the introduction of a national media classification scheme, including a rating for non-violent sexual content. The ASP also supports a royal commission into the sexual abuse of children in Australian religious institutions, and is in favour of legalised abortion, gay rights, voluntary euthanasia, the legalisation of cannabis for recreational use along with the decriminalisation of all other drugs for recreational use. The party is in favour of sexual rights for disabled individuals.
Controversy.
The Australian Sex Party's close links with the sex industry have come under scrutiny in the media, with accusations of it being a political wing of the commercial EROS Association. Portions of their policy have been observed to have direct benefit to the EROS Association and the sex industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20270226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270226" title="Red Tape Commission">
Red Tape Commission

The body created by the Conservative government in Ontario in 1996 to deal with the 1995 election commitment to reduce red tape for small businesses and individuals and to promote business planning within the broader public sector. It consisted of seven Conservative Members of Provincial Parliament and six staff members drawn from the Ontario civil service. In addition to annual reviews of all regulations administered by every Ministry of the government, the Commission also initiated specific policy reviews, such as a "Highway Incident Management Study" in 2002, which sought to develop better coordination of emergency services dealing with highway accidents. Originally established as a temporary body, the Commission was re-constituted in 2000 as a permanent body, Co-Chaired by Frank Sheehan and Bob Woods. In early 2001, Steve Gilchrist replaced Bob Woods as Co-Chair. In December 2003, the newly elected Liberal government discontinued the Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="20270227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270227" title="Limestone Hills">
Limestone Hills

The Limestone Hills are a group of hills in northeast Lincoln County, Nevada. The hills trend northwest–southeast with a length of about and width of about . They lie adjacent to the north end of the Wilson Creek–White Rock ranges and the old mining camp of Atlanta. The Nevada–Utah border is across Hamlin Valley to the east. The Snake Range and White Pine County lie to the north. The Fortification Range lies to the northwest.

</doc>
<doc id="20270235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270235" title="Lodi Hills">
Lodi Hills

The Lodi Hills are a mountain range in Nye County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20270242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270242" title="Lost Creek Hills">
Lost Creek Hills

The Lost Creek Hills are a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20270243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270243" title="Great Mill">
Great Mill

Great Mill, or its Dutch equivalent, Grote Molen, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20270247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270247" title="Kališe, Železniki">
Kališe, Železniki

Kališe (in older sources also "Kališče", ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church on the hill above the settlement is dedicated to the Holy Cross. The Slovene Home Guard had a base with three bunkers at this church during the Second World War and on 10 March 1945 it was attacked and taken by Slovene partisans.

</doc>
<doc id="20270258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270258" title="Lucy Gray Mountains">
Lucy Gray Mountains

The Lucy Gray Mountains are a mountain range in Clark County, Nevada. Beer Bottle Pass is at the northern end of the range, east of Roach Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20270273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270273" title="Mahogany Hills">
Mahogany Hills

The Mahogany Hills are a mountain range in Eureka County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20270283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270283" title="Majuba Mountains">
Majuba Mountains

The Majuba Mountains are a mountain range in Pershing County, Nevada.
The Majuba placer has produced impressive gold specimens.

</doc>
<doc id="20270298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270298" title="Mallard Hills">
Mallard Hills

The Mallard Hills are a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20270309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270309" title="Martin Creek Mountains">
Martin Creek Mountains

The Martin Creek Mountains are a mountain range in Humboldt County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20270318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270318" title="Marys River Range">
Marys River Range

The Marys River Range is a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada. It is contained within the Jarbidge Wilderness, which is administered by the Jarbidge Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. The range is considered to be a sub-range of the Jarbidge Mountains. The range's name is derived from the Marys River, a tributary of the Humboldt, the headwaters of which lie within the range near Marys River Peak, the range highpoint.

</doc>
<doc id="20270328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270328" title="Maverick Springs Range">
Maverick Springs Range

The Maverick Springs Range is a mountain range in White Pine County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20270332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270332" title="London Calling (disambiguation)">
London Calling (disambiguation)

London Calling is an album by The Clash
London Calling may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20270353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270353" title="Hawa Bhaban">
Hawa Bhaban

Hawa Bhaban (also rendered as "Hawa Bhavan", "Hawa Bhawan") is the political office of the chairperson of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party, and monitors party affairs on the chair's behalf. It became controversial during the 2006–2008 Bangladeshi political crisis, when the party joint secreatry was Tareq Rahman.Some of government officials had a regular cotact with viya (Tareq)to manipulate administrative matters like promotion, posting, appointment etc.of different ministries and division as a parallel government was administered from hawa bhaban.

</doc>
<doc id="20270382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270382" title="Peter H Millard">
Peter H Millard

Peter Millard FRCP is Emeritus Professor of Geriatrics, St George's, University of London and President of the UK Nosokinetics Group.
Visiting Professor, University of Westminster. Editor of Nosokinetics News. President of the UK Nosokinetics Group. Coined the word Nosokinetics in 1992 PhD thesis: Flow rate modelling: a method of comparing performance in departments of geriatric medicine. A past President of the British Geriatrics Society, he is in active retirement a Health Advisor to the National Pensioners Convention and co-supervisor of doctoral students modelling health care systems at the Universities of Ulster, Westminster and Adelaide. With over 120 publications on different aspects of modelling health and social care systems.

</doc>
<doc id="20270389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270389" title="Sergei Parajanov Museum">
Sergei Parajanov Museum

The Sergei Parajanov Museum is a tribute to Soviet Armenian director and artist Sergei Parajanov and is one of the most popular museums in Yerevan. It represents Parajanov's diverse artistic and literary heritage.
History.
The museum was founded in 1988 when Parajanov moved to Yerevan. Parajanov himself chose the place ("Dzoragyugh" ethnographic center in Yerevan) and construction project of museum. Due to 1988 Spitak earthquake and socio-economic problems, the museum was opened only in June 1991, one year after Parajanov's death.
The founding director of museum is Zaven Sargsyan. The museum is one of the cultural centers of Yerevan, known for his exhibitions, publications and honorary receptions (including the annual meetings of Yerevan International Film Festival guests). Paulo Coelho, Wim Wenders, Mikhail Vartanov, Tonino Guerra, Enrica Antonioni, Atom Egoyan, Nikita Mikhalkov, Vladimir Putin, Aleksandr Lukashenko, Yevgeni Yevtushenko, Arnold Rüütel, Valdas Adamkus, Tarja Halonen, Donald Knuth and many other famous people have visited the museum.
Exhibition.
The museum is situated in a traditional Caucasian-style building and consists of two floors. Comprising some 1,400 exhibits, the museum's collection includes installations, collages, assemblages, drawings, dolls and hats. The museum also showcases unpublished screenplays, librettos and various artworks which Parajanov created while in prison. Among the other exponates of museum are two re-created memorial rooms, original posters, festival prizes, signed letters by Federico Fellini, Lilya Brik, Andrey Tarkovsky, Mikhail Vartanov, and Yuri Nikulin, gifts by famous visitors Tonino Guerra, Vladimir Putin and Roman Balayan, who is the author of "A Night at Paradganov's Museum" film. The museum uses art and exposition principles of Parajanov himself. 
The museum has organized about 50 exhibitions, including those at Cannes, Athens, Tokyo, Moscow, Rome, Tehran, Hollywood etc.
According to "Rediscovering Armenia" guide, "the best museum in Yerevan is small and idiosyncratic, the would-be final home of famed Soviet filmmaker Sergei Parajanov".
Quotes about the museum.
"Is there anywhere in the world a museum of Sergei Parajanov? A museum of his works - his graphics, dolls, collages, photographs, 23 screenplays and librettos of unrealized productions in cinema, theater, ballet...It would become an adornment and pride of any city. I know that sooner or later Paradjanov's screenplays would be published in a book and I hope that the city with that museum is going to be Yerevan." Mikhail Vartanov (1985)

</doc>
<doc id="20270415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270415" title="Hans O. Felix">
Hans O. Felix

Hans Olav Felix (born 25 July 1951) is a Norwegian trade unionist.
A certified electrical fitter, he worked in his field from 1972 to 1987 before becoming a full-time trade unionist. In 2001 he took over as leader of EL & IT Forbundet.

</doc>
<doc id="20270454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270454" title="Sture Arntzen">
Sture Arntzen

Sture Arntzen (born 24 November 1948) is a Norwegian trade unionist.
Having started an education as a first mate, he left this after two years and instead worked as a salesman. He spent the years 1971 to 1975 as a member of Trondheim city council for the Labour Party. In 1975 he became a full-time trade unionist. In 1994 he took over as leader of Union of Employees in Commerce and Offices, having been deputy leader since 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20270512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270512" title="Lajše, Železniki">
Lajše, Železniki

Lajše is a settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Lajše" to "Selške Lajše" in 1953. The name "Lajše" was restored in 1998.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Gertrude.

</doc>
<doc id="20270522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270522" title="Timeline of the 2008 Chinese milk scandal">
Timeline of the 2008 Chinese milk scandal

This timeline of the 2008 Chinese milk scandal documents how events related to the Chinese dairy products contamination by melamine unfolded. Complaints about kidney problems traced back to a brand of infant formula, subsequent discoveries of melamine contamination of liquid milk, and exported powdered milk of processed food products (using contaminated milk). The scandal decimated Chinese dairy exports, and re-exposed long-standing concerns about food security, corruption, lack of political checks and balances. Though the scandal came to attention in 2008, its roots can be traced back to events prior to 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20270573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270573" title="Aihara">
Aihara

Aihara is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="20270580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270580" title="Erling Lars Dale">
Erling Lars Dale

Erling Lars Dale (12 March 1947 – 25 September 2011) was a Norwegian educationalist.
He took his doctor's degree in 1987, and was an associate professor at the University of Oslo. He was hired as professor in 1993.
Selected bibliography.
This is a list of his most notable works:

</doc>
<doc id="20270604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270604" title="Swiss Gemmological Institute">
Swiss Gemmological Institute

The Swiss Gemmological Institute SSEF is a major laboratory of gemmology located in Basel, Switzerland. It is a part of the Schweizerische Stiftung für Edelstein Forschung (SSEF, Swiss Foundation for Gemstone Research). It was founded on an independent basis, by trade organisations, in 1974. George Bosshart, mineralogist and GG was the first director after the laboratory's opening in Zürich. Diamond grading was the major task and colour stones were tested rather exceptionally. In 1980 Bosshart hired Dr. Henry A. Hänni, Mineralogist and FGA. In 1994 Hänni moved the laboratory to Basel. He has been teaching gemmology at Basel university, and the close link to the university proved to be very enriching for both parts, academic and laboratory work. Hänni became professor of gemmology at Basel University, also a reward for his years of steady research and supply of publications. Prof. H.A. Hänni retired in 1994 and Dr. Michael Krzemnicki took over his position as a director. Dr. Krzemnicki has been working for SSEF since 1999.
SSEF has since long been offering its independent services to the global gemstone and jewellery trade. The mandate of the SSEF is to analyse precious stones and jewellery; issuing test reports for coloured gemstones, diamonds and pearls. Its forte lies in the detection of gemstone authenticity, origin, and gem treatments on a scientific and reproducible basis. It offers expert independent advice to a wide gemmological clientele including gem dealers, jewellers, auction houses and private customers in many countries. Gemmological training courses from basic to highly specialised are a further contribution to an international scholarship, ensuring a high level of gemmological knowledge and skills in the trade.
The institute, based in Basel since 1994, is directed by Dr. Michael S. Krzemnicki, who also lectures at the University of Basel. The laboratory was recognised by the International Confederation of Jewellers and Goldsmiths (CIBJO) in 1978 and is also a member of the International Colored Stone Association (ICA) and the Laboratory Manual Harmonisation Committee (LMHC). The SSEF introduced a full gem treatment disclosure policy in 1998, published in a book called "SSEF Standards & Applications for Diamond Reports, Gemstone Reports and Test Reports".
Moreover, SSEF places a strong focus on education and pursuing gemmological research. It offers basic and advanced gemmological training courses, scientific gemmology workshops and expert lectures covering a wide array of gemmological subjects. It a pioneer in gemmological research, collaborating with leading Swiss universities and other worldwide gemmological laboratories. It was the first gemmological laboratory to offer testing for possible Beryllium diffusion in corundum.

</doc>
<doc id="20270607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270607" title="London Town">
London Town

London Town may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20270612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270612" title="Wang Sun-Jae">
Wang Sun-Jae

Wang Sun-Jae (; born 19 March 1959) is a South Korean former footballer who plays as a forward. He is a current manager who most recently coached Daejeon Citizen.
In 1983, He was top scorer of "Korean League 1983" (Semi-professional) and Hanil Bank won the trophy.
He was part of the South Korea national football team. He played at 1984 AFC Asian Cup, 1986 FIFA World Cup qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="20270626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270626" title="Tal Karp">
Tal Karp

Tal Karp (born 30 December 1981) is a female Australian soccer player who formerly captained Melbourne Victory in the Australian W-League and represented Australia as a member of the Matildas.
Club career.
Tal Karp began her career in the Women's National Soccer League with the ACT Academy of Sport and the SA Sports Institute, before six seasons with the Canberra Eclipse and another with the Western Waves. Karp won the WNSL title with the Canberra Eclipse in the 2001–02 season.
In 2007 Karp joined the Ashburton Women's Soccer Team in the Victorian Women's Premier League. In 2008 she moved to rivals Box Hill Inter and helped them to win the Grand Final. Karp was Runner-Up Best and Fairest player for Box Hill in 2008. In October 2008, Karp was signed by the newly formed Melbourne Victory as captain.
International career.
Karp was a member of the Australian team that played in the 2003 OFC Championship, 2003 Women's World Cup and the 2004 Athens Olympics.
Personal life.
She is Jewish. Karp was named by Brandeis University, a contemporary Jewish sports heroine.

</doc>
<doc id="20270642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270642" title="Ventura Black Widows">
Ventura Black Widows

The Ventura Black Widows are a new team in the Independent Women's Football League for 2014. Originally the team joined the NWFA. Shortly afterwards the league folded. Then an opportunity was presented to the team to join the Women's Football Alliance for its inaugural season, but the team later backed out due to low player numbers. After having enjoyed their independent status, in 2010 they joined the Women's Spring Football League. In 2014 the Ventura Black Widows decided to join the IWFL as a Tier 3 Team.
Schedule.
The schedule on the team's website says that the Black Widows will play the Las Vegas Showgirlz of the Women's Football Alliance on March 20, the Boise Broncos on May 1 and 29, and the Topeka Mudcats on July 24. The Ventura Black Widows have played against teams: NorCal Red Hawks, Boise Broncos, California Lynx, Utah Jynx, Portland Fighting Fillies, Reno Rattlers, Nevada Storm, Salt City Arch Angels, TC (Tulare County) Villainz and River City Raiderz (Hillsboro, OR).
03/28/2009
vs California Lynx 
Fresno, CA @ Selland Arena
Ventura Black Widows w/ Santa Rosa Scorchers

</doc>
<doc id="20270643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270643" title="Worthy S. Streator">
Worthy S. Streator

Worthy Stevens Streator (October 16, 1816 – March 6, 1902) was an American physician, railroad developer, industrialist and entrepreneur after whom the city of Streator, Illinois is named. He was instrumental in the creation of the Atlantic and Great Western Railway in Ohio, was president of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B&O) and financed the first large-scale coal mine operation in Northern Illinois in 1866. He served as an Ohio State Senator in 1869, and was the first mayor of East Cleveland, Ohio. He was an influential in the development of many civic institutions in his home city of Cleveland, Ohio. He co-founded the "Christian Standard" magazine, he was an original endower of Case Institute of Technology and was a principal in the creation of the James A. Garfield Monument; the first true mausoleum created in the United States in honor of President James A. Garfield. He was a pallbearer at President Garfield's funeral in 1881.
Background.
Born in Hamilton, Madison County, New York, on October 16, 1816, Streator's lineage traces back to the 15th century in Kent, England. His great-grandfather, John Streator served in the American Revolutionary War as a private in the Berkshire County, Massachusetts, Militia. At age eighteen he entered medical school and upon graduation moved to Aurora, Ohio, in 1838. In 1839 he married Sarah Wakeley Sterling, of Lyman, New York. They had five children; Helen Gertrude (born May 20, 1842), Sterling Rush (born December 31, 1845), Henry Doolittle (born August 26, 1851), Edward H. (born August 20, 1855) and Harold Arthur (born August 5, 1861). By 1850, Streator moved to Cleveland, Ohio, and retired from medicine.
Railroads.
Once in Cleveland and removed from the practice of medicine, Streator embarked on his second career in developing railroads. With his partner, Henry Doolittle, their firm built the Greenville and Medina Railroad. In 1853 they contracted for the construction of the Atlantic and Great Western Railroad in Ohio. Work continued on this and other ancillary lines of the railroad until completion in 1861, when he sold his unfinished contracts upon the death of Doolittle.
In 1862 he began plans for the Oil Creek Railroad, which would bring newly discovered oil from the Oil Creek fields in western Pennsylvania to the town of Corry, Pennsylvania. This highly coveted railroad was a great financial success for Streator. The public's interest in the oil fields was so great that crowds gathered to view the oil being loaded onto the railcars. By 1866, Streator sold his interest in the Oil Creek line to the New York Central Railroad. He then began construction of a new line from Corry to New York Central's Buffalo and Erie Railroad line in Brocton, New York.
Vermilion Coal Company.
Upon completion of the Corry to Brocton railroad line, Streator suspended his involvement in rails and began a third career developing coal mines on the Vermilion River in North-Central Illinois. While it is unclear as to whether Streator or his cousin, Col. Ralph Plumb learned first of the vast, untapped coal fields on the banks of the Vermilion River, Streator gathered other investors and formed the Vermilion Coal Company in 1866 with Streator as its President and Plumb as the Business Manager. Plumb and Streator "invited" Streator's friend, then Ohio Congressman, James A. Garfield to sign on as an investor. In return, Garfield was expected to work with Robert C. Schenck, then the president of the American Central railroad, in getting the railroad to "bend their lines" to the coal mine in the area known as Hardscrabble in LaSalle County, Illinois. Eventually the plan did not work. The Vermilion Company then made arrangements with the Fox River line for their needed rail service. The company purchased of land and dispatched Col. Plumb to begin work. Plumb surveyed the area for the incoming Fox River Line, platted the land for the new town and commenced to build a total of eight mine shafts.
Plumb needed laborers for his mines, but the Vermilion Coal Company was unable to afford European employment agents. Instead, it alerted steamship offices of the new job opportunities and convinced local railroads to carry notices of Vermilion Coal's promise. Scottish, English, Welsh, German and Irish immigrants came to the area first, followed later by scores of mostly Slovaks. Czechs, Austrians and Hungarians came in lesser numbers.
The coal operation was an immediate success due to the increasing appetite for coal in the United States. In 1870, the Dwight Division of the Chicago and Alton Railroad was commenced. The Chicago, Pekin and Southwestern rail line came next and was followed by the Chicago and Paducah railroad. This increase in rail construction gave the region unparalleled advantages in shipping. By 1877, the Vermilion Coal Company employed 1,2000 miners.
Streator, Illinois.
In 1868 the newly developed town that was created in conjunction with the mines was incorporated as Streator, Illinois, named in honor of Streator. Colonel Ralph Plumb served as the new city's first mayor. Worthy Streator, himself, never visited the city named for him.
The success of the local mining operations and the introduction of the new glass making industry allowed for improvements in the living conditions and personal wealth of its miners and laborers.
In his 1877 "History of LaSalle County", author H.F. Kett states: 
Perhaps no city...in Illinois, outside of the great city of Chicago, presents an instance of such rapid and substantial growth as the city of Streator. From a single small grocery house... the locality has grown to be a city of 6,000 prosperous and intelligent people. Churches, school-houses, large, substantial business houses and handsome residences, with elegant grounds and surroundings, now beautify the waste of ten years ago, while the hum of machinery and thronged streets are unmistakable evidences of business importance and prosperity.
Streator continued to flourish for much of the 20th century. Ultimately the demand for coal was replaced with the new demand for oil. Many of the mines closed in the 1920s, with the last of the mines finally shutting down in 1958. Since then, growth has stagnated, but Streator remains a viable manufacturing town with a glass bottle and a heavy equipment industry in addition to retail and agriculture.
Political life.
With the success of the Vermilion Coal Company in Streator, Illinois, Streator turned his attention back to his home in Cleveland and specifically toward politics. In 1869 he was elected to the Ohio State Senate representing Cuyahoga County's 20th senate district. In 1872 he left the senate after one term and was named by then Ohio Governor (and later U.S. President) Rutherford B. Hayes as trustee of the Ohio Agricultural College. He served as a presidential elector for the Ohio 20th district in 1874 and voted for Hayes. In 1879, Hayes appointed Streator as Collector of Internal Revenue for the Northern District of Ohio. He was re-appointed by Presidents Garfield and Chester A. Arthur.
Cleveland civic life.
Throughout his life Streator maintained close ties with the civic and business leaders in Cleveland and Ohio. He was involved with his church, the Disciples Church. He was a long-time resident of a grand mansion on on "Millionaires' Row" along Euclid Avenue in Cleveland. His neighbors included the first American billionaire, John D. Rockefeller.
In 1865, Streator along with James A. Garfield and J.P. Robison organized the Christian Standard publishing company. Its periodical, "Christian Standard" became one of the leading independent religious magazines in the church. In 1887, Streator was instrumental in founding the Disciples Union of Cleveland.
After the death of Streator's friend, Leonard Case in 1880, Streator along with other Cleveland leaders enacted Case's plan to create a first-class research institute in Cleveland. The initial endowment by the group, led by the estate of Leonard Case created what was later to become the Case Western Reserve University.
By 1886, Streator returned to business, when he partnered with William Halsey Doan in creating the firm of W.H. Doan & Company. They began selling crude oil on commission, shipping it from the oil fields of northwestern Pennsylvania to Cleveland.
James A. Garfield.
Streator had a long association with President James A. Garfield. Streator offered Garfield a partnership in the Vermilion Coal Company in 1866. Garfield partnered with Streator in creating the "Christian Standard" publishing company. Garfield appointed Streator to political positions.
Garfield represented Ohio in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1863 until his election as President in 1881. Garfield was in office for only four months, when he was shot and fatally wounded on July 2, 1881. Garfield died from complications of his wounds on September 19, 1881. The funeral held on September 26, 1881 was a majestic, solemn affair. An estimated one hundred thousand visitors came to Cleveland for the service and two-hundred and fifty thousand people lined the streets to view the five-mile procession which concluded at Cleveland's Lake View Cemetery. Worthy Streator was one of twelve friends and colleagues who took their place alongside Garfield's funeral car to serve as pall-bearers.
A year after Garfield's death, Streator became a principal member of an association created to build the Garfield Monument, in honor of their friend. Construction of the graystone mausoleum began in 1885. It contained a chapel in its center which hold the crypt of President Garfield and his wife, Lucretia. The monument was dedicated by Presidents Rutherford B. Hayes and Benjamin Harrison on May 29, 1890.
Death and legacy.
Streator died at age 85 on March 3, 1902 in Cleveland, Ohio. He was buried at Lake View Cemetery.
Streator is known primarily for the city of Streator, Illinois. In Cleveland, there was a street named Streator Avenue for many years, and currently there is a Streator Court. Streator Park, in Lorain, Ohio houses the headquarters of the city's Parks and Recreation Department on land donated by Streator's estate. It is located at the corner of Long & Streator Streets.
The Parks Department building was, until 1957, the Lorain Public Library.

</doc>
<doc id="20270645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270645" title="Goguryeo Bigi">
Goguryeo Bigi

Goguryeo Bigi (Chinese "Gaojuli biji") 高句麗秘記, literally "the secret record of Goguryeo". This was apparently a book of prognostication regarding the state of Goguryeo based upon the principles of fengshui 風水 (Korean, pungsu). It is no longer extant. 
References.
Kim Hong-jik 金弘稙, “Goguryeo bigi go 高句麗秘記考” study of the ‘secret record of Goguryeo’. "Hanguk godaesa yeongu" 韓國高代史硏究 (Seoul: Singu munhwasa, 1971).

</doc>
<doc id="20270655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270655" title="Animal Radio">
Animal Radio

Animal Radio is a nationally syndicated radio show, hosted by Hal Abrams and Judy Francis. The show was once based in Utah, but has since moved to California. The show is self-syndicated, under the "Animal Radio Network" branding, to over 90 stations in the United States. It is also heard on America's Talk on XM Radio. The show's website broadcasts a stream of show content nonstop.
Broadcast.
The show's format is pre-recorded, as most of the show consists of guest interviews and contributions, which need to be scheduled to accommodate the guest. Technically, the show does take calls. The show's phone number, 1-866-405-8405, is active every day at all hours, and gives instructions to the caller and allows them to leave a message. Show hosts Hal and Judy sit in studio from 10 AM to 2 PM eastern time on Saturdays, when affiliate show play is the heaviest.
Each show is available to stations in two methods. The first, being the most convenient, is through an FTP system where affiliates pickup MP3s of the show. The second is a live satellite feed which occurs Saturday afternoons from noon to 3 PM eastern time. The show runs a traditional syndication clock, with availabilities for news, local and network spots. There are 6 minutes of network spots distributed through the show.
Animal Radio on XM Satellite Radio retains a slightly different broadcast format. First, there are no network breaks in the show. Second, there is approximately 10 extra minutes of content per hour, which is exclusive to XM and show podcasts. America's Talk on XM 158 runs the show Saturdays from noon to 2 PM eastern, during the allotted live studio time, and replays it Sundays from 9 to 11 AM eastern.

</doc>
<doc id="20270661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270661" title="Lower Mill">
Lower Mill

Lower Mill is the name of a number of mills.

</doc>
<doc id="20270676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270676" title="California elections, June 2010">
California elections, June 2010

The California state elections, June 2010 were held on June 8, 2010 and included five propositions and two special elections, one for a State Senate seat and the other for a State Assembly seat. Primary elections for all statewide offices, a seat to the United States Senate, all Californian seats to the House of Representatives, all of the seats of the State Assembly, and all even-numbered seats of the State Senate, along with the first round election for the nonpartisan Superintendent of Public Instruction were also held.
__TOC__
Propositions.
Proposition 13.
Proposition 13 is a legislatively referred constitutional amendment prohibiting the reassessment of property values due to seismic retrofitting work.
Proposition 14.
Proposition 14 is an initiative statute establishing nonpartisan blanket primaries.
Proposition 15.
Proposition 15 is an initiative statute creating a public campaign finance system for Secretary of State elections.
Proposition 16.
Proposition 16 is an initiative constitutional amendment requiring a two-thirds majority to establish or expand public electricity providers.
Proposition 17.
Proposition 17 is an initiative statute allowing auto insurance companies to charge based on continuity of insurance coverage.
Special elections.
37th State Senate district special election.
The seat of the 37th State Senate district was vacated by John J. Benoit after he was appointed to be Riverside County supervisor on November 30, 2009.
Primary election.
A primary election was held on April 13, 2010. Since no candidate won a majority, the candidates with the top votes for each party appeared on the ballots for the special election.
43rd State Assembly district special election.
The seat of the 43rd State Assembly district was vacated by Paul Krekorian after he was elected to the Los Angeles City Council on December 8, 2009.
Primary election.
A primary election was held on April 13, 2010. Since no candidate won a majority, the candidates with the top votes for each party appeared on the ballots for the special election.

</doc>
<doc id="20270692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270692" title="Little Mill">
Little Mill

Little Mill () is the name given to a number of mills and places. 

</doc>
<doc id="20270698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270698" title="Jens Erik Fenstad">
Jens Erik Fenstad

Jens Erik Fenstad (born 15 April 1935) is a Norwegian mathematician.
He graduated as mag.scient. from the University of Oslo in 1959, and worked as a research fellow there and at Berkeley. He was a professor at the University of Oslo from 1968 to 2003, except for the years 1989 to 1993, when he was vice rector ("prorektor"). He has an honorary degree at Uppsala University.
He has chaired the Norwegian Mathematical Society and the World Commission on Ethics (COMEST) of the UNESCO, and co-founded the Abel Prize. He has also edited the journal "Nordisk Matematisk Tidsskrift". He is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.

</doc>
<doc id="20270818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270818" title="Trond Fevolden">
Trond Fevolden

Trond Fevolden (born 30 December 1951) is a Norwegian civil servant.
He graduated as cand.polit. in political science from the University of Oslo in 1980, and was hired as a subdirector in the Norwegian Office of the Prime Minister. He spent one year as deputy under-secretary of State before moving to the Ministry of Education, where he is permanent under-secretary of State since 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20270820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270820" title="Chitkara University">
Chitkara University

Chitkara University is a non profit private university in India with its campus in Punjab and Himachal Pradesh, India. Chitkara University is a UGC recognized university with the right to confer degrees as per the sections 2(f) and 22(1) of the UGC Act, 1956. The university offers full courses in undergraduate and postgraduate degree programs in the fields of Engineering, Information Technology, Management, Hospitality, Hotel Administration Architecture, Pharmacy, Mass Communication & Journalism, Architecture, Pharmacy, and Teacher Training. The university has over 10,000 students and more than 600 tenured faculty members 
History.
Chitkara University was founded by Dr Ashok K Chitkara in the year 2008. The university comes under the establishment of Chitkara Educational Trust based in Chandigarh, founded by Dr Ashok K Chitkara and Dr Madhu Chitkara in the year 1998 with the mission to pursue excellence in all the fields of education, and to hold on to high academic standards.
Campus.
Chitkara University - Punjab.
Chitkara Educational Trust established its first campus in Punjab in the year 2002 under the name of Chitkara Institute of Engineering and Technology (CIET). The campus is spread over 50 acres located 30 kilometers from Chandigarh on the Chandigarh-Patiala National Highway. 
The campus is equidistant from Mohali, Ambala, Panchkula and Patiala. Chitkara University, Punjab is a government-recognized university with the right to confer degrees as per the Sections 2(f) and 22(1) of the UGC Act, 1956. In 2010 Chitkara University was documented by the Punjab State Legislature under the “The Chitkara University Act”.
The campus has more than 5000 full-time students and over 250 tenured faculty.
Chitkara University- Himachal.
Chitkara University, Himachal Pradesh was established in the year 2008 by the Himachal Pradesh State Legislature under the “Chitkara University Act”. It is a government-recognized university, is included in the list of universities maintained by the University Grants Commission, and has the right to confer degrees as per the Sections 2(f) and 22(1) of the UGC Act, 1956.
The University campus—spread over 17 acres—is located at Atal Shiksha Kunj in Barotiwala, Himachal Pradesh. The campus is 32 kilometers from Chandigarh, and 12 kilometers from Pinjore.
Affiliations.
Chitkara University and its constituent institutions are recognized by University Grant Commission and other apex bodies and have all the required memberships and accredits of various national and international bodies and associations for the various programs it offers. The University has the following approvals and recognitions: 
• University Grant Commission (UGC)
• Council Of Architecture (COA)
• Pharmacy Council Of India (PCI)
• National Council For Teacher Education (NCTE)
• Indian Nursing Council (INC)
• National Council For Hotel Management & Catering Technology (NCHMCT)
Institutions.
The Chitkara University offers the courses in wide variety of subjects and concentrations. Following is the list of programmes covered under the university’s in depth courses.
Educational Programs.
Postgraduate Programs.
Journalism & Mass Communication.
2-Year Master in Journalism and Mass Communication (MJMC) 
International Affairs.
Chitkara University has partnership and tie-ups with education providers across the world from countries like Australia, Brazil, Canada,China, France, Germany, Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland, Taiwan, U.S.A, U.K .
In U.S.A Chitkara University has tie-ups with Central Michigan University, University of Florida, Purdue University, San Diego State University, University of Massachusetts, Lowell. In U.K Chitkara has tie-up with Glasgow Caledonian University. In Canada the university is associated with George Brown College, Concordia University, University of Ontario Institute of Technology, University of Prince Edward Island (UPEI), Vancouver Island University. In Australia, the university has tie-ups with Deakin University, Edith Cowan University, Flinders University. 
The University has the following programs for student in association with the foreign universities: 1) Dual Degree Program - wherein the students have the option to do one year of study in Chitkara University & one year in the Partner University earning a PG degree and an additional PG degree in the respective course from the Partner University. 2) Articulate Twinning Programs – provides potential Foreign Universities for students interested in twinning programs (such as 2+2 BE/B.Tech/BS and 1+1 MS/Master/PG degree programs) with Member Institutions and aid in comparing curricula of the respective institutions.
Chitkara University is also the member of Indo-US Collaboration for Engineering Education (IUCEE).
Cultural, Technical & Sports Events.
Chitkara University holds a lot of cultural technical and sports event annually for students to their creative and extra curricular aspects in both of its campuses. Algorythm and Techlone takes place in Chitkara University, Himachal Campus and Explore and Praudyogikii are held every year at Chitkara University, Punjab Campus. C Champ and Gameeks are the technical events that test students' skills in coding and programming. T-20 Cup and University Sports Meet are the sports event that are organized by the University in the campus. Following is the list of events that are integral part of the University’s Campus curriculum: 

</doc>
<doc id="20270828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270828" title="The Pale Criminal">
The Pale Criminal

The Pale Criminal is a historical detective novel and the second in the Berlin Noir trilogy of Bernhard Gunther novels written by Philip Kerr.
Plot overview.
Set in 1938, two years after the events of "March Violets" Bernhard (Bernie) Gunther has taken Bruno Stahlecker, another ex-police officer, as his partner. The two have been working on a straightforward homosexual blackmail case when Stahlecker is killed on a stakeout and Bernie is tapped for a much bigger job. Obergruppenfuehrer Reinhard Heydrich forces Gunther to look for a serial sex murderer who is killing blonde Aryan teenage girls in Berlin and making fools of the police. Gunther has no choice but to accept the temporary post of Kriminalkommissar in Heydrich's state Security Service, with a team of men underneath him that he's not sure he can trust any more than his superiors. Gunther finds himself wading through the filthy underbelly of the Nazi hierarchy in search of the man or men who are not only killing young girls but also killed his partner.

</doc>
<doc id="20270829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270829" title="Culture of the United Arab Emirates">
Culture of the United Arab Emirates

The United Arab Emirates has a diverse, cosmopolitan and multicultural society. The country's historical population as a small, diverse pearling community was changed with the arrival of other nationals — first by the Iranians in the early 1900s, and later by Indians and Pakistanis in the 1960s. Dubai has been criticized for perpetuating a class-based society, where migrant workers are in the lower classes. Despite the diversity of the population, only minor and infrequent episodes of ethnic tensions, primarily between expatriates, have been reported in the city. Major holidays in Dubai include Eid ul-Fitr, which marks the end of Ramadan, and National Day (2 December), which marks the formation of the United Arab Emirates.
Being a highly cosmopolitan society, the UAE has a diverse and vibrant culture. The influence of Islamic and Arab culture on its architecture, music, attire, cuisine, and lifestyle are very prominent as well. Five times every day, Muslims are called to prayer from the minarets of mosques, which are scattered around the country. The weekend begins on Friday due to Friday being the holiest day for Muslims. Most Muslim countries have a Friday-Saturday or Thursday-Friday weekend.
This unique socioeconomic development in the Persian Gulf has meant that the UAE is generally more liberal than its neighbors. Emiratis have been known for their religious tolerance, and churches, Hindu temples, Sikh Gurdwara can be found alongside mosques. However, there are no Jewish synagogue in the United Arab Emirates. A cosmopolitan atmosphere is gradually growing. As a result there are a variety of foreign-influenced schools, cultural centers, and themed restaurants. 
Emirati people.
The Emirati people are the native people that dominated the land for centuries. Arab descendants of the Bani Yas clans, Al Nahyan and Al Maktoum royal families in Abu Dhabi and Dubai, respectively, represent the leadership of Emiratis. Al Qawasim as well have played a vital role in the history of the United Arab Emirates. Many Emiratis are ethnic Persians who originate from Iran. The majority of local Emiratis in Dubai are ethnic Persians. 
Due to growth in trade, many expatriates from Arab countries, the Indian subcontinent, and Europe came to the UAE seeking better lives and higher-income jobs.
The population as a whole is estimated by the U.S. State Department to be at 4.4 million people, with only 15–20% of these being citizens. The population growth rate is 4% per year. The primary religion in the United Arab Emirates is Islam, with the population estimated to be 96% Muslim. Hinduism and Christianity are minorities as stated by the United States State Department. The official language is Arabic. Other languages such as English, Persian, Hindi and Urdu are spoken among the different peoples. The U.S. State Department estimates the people of the UAE to have an average life expectancy of seventy-seven years.
Museums and art galleries.
Many emirates have established museums of regional repute; most famously Sharjah with its Heritage District containing 17 museums, which in 1998 was the Cultural Capital of the Arab World. Abu Dhabi's cultural foundation is also an important place for the presentation of indigenous and foreign art. In Dubai, the area of Al Quoz has attracted a number of art galleries.
Abu Dhabi has embarked on the path to become an art center of international caliber, through the creation of a culture district on Saadiyat Island. There, six grand projects are planned: the Sheikh Zayed National Museum by Foster + Partners, the modern art museum Guggenheim Abu Dhabi to be built by Frank Gehry, the classical museum Louvre Abu Dhabi by Jean Nouvel, a maritime museum by Tadao Ando, a Performing Arts Center by Zaha Hadid, and a Biennale Park with 16 pavilions.
Dubai also plans to construct a Kunsthal museum and a district for galleries and artists.
Architecture.
The United Arab Emirates's architecture is largely inspired by Islamic architecture. It reflects the traditional lifestyles and customs of the people. Building materials are simple, but well-adapted to local living and climatic circumstances. Portable tents traditionally provided shelter during tribal wanderings in the winter season. Inland more permanent houses were built of stone guss and were roofed with palm trees leaves. Fossilized coral, cut in blocks, bonded with sarooj, or a lime mixture derived from seashells, and plastered with chalk and water paste, was used extensively in coastal regions. Privacy and ventilation were important influences in the layout of the houses.
Dress.
Many of the older Emirati men prefer wearing the traditional Emirati clothes, such as the kandoora, an ankle-length white shirt woven from wool or cotton while many local women wear an abaya, a black over-garment covering most parts of the body. On an average a UAE male national would have up to 50 kanduras as they keep changing their clothing to ensure the dress being kept clean. This attire is particularly well-suited for the UAE's hot and dry climate. Western-style clothing is also fairly popular, especially among the Emirati youth. 
Etiquette is an important aspect of UAE culture and tradition, and whilst in the UAE, visitors are expected to show appropriate manners and etiquette. There have been several recent cases of expatriates not respecting the laws and being arrested. For example, there have been instances of expats for not wearing enough clothing at beaches, and some even being completely rude. 
Before the discovery of oil, pearling formed a crucial part of UAE's economy. Pearl fishery, known as ghaus, suffered decline after the advent of Japanese pearl farming. However, the UAE pearl industry laid the foundation of its rich maritime history. Dhows, large wooden ships made from teak wood imported from India, became an indistinct part of the countries maritime fleet and dhow building is still practiced in this Persian Gulf state and perform an important role of trade between countries like Iran, India, and Eastern Africa.
Literature and poetry.
The main themes in Emirati poetry for Arab poets range from satire, chivalry, self-praise, patriotism, religion, family, and love, and could range from descriptive to narrative.
Poetry in the United Arab Emirates has a great influence on culture, being an Arab country in the Persian Gulf where poetry has been part of since the dawn of time. The style and form of ancient poetry in the UAE was strongly influenced by the 8th-century Arab scholar, Al Khalil bin Ahmed. This form underwent slight modification (Al Muwashahat) during the period of Islamic civilization in Andalucia (Spain), where "the line or bait adhered to the two hemistitches form, each with an equal number of feet, all the second hemistitches ending in the same rhyming letter and sound throughout the poem". The indigenous Arabic poetry form, however, was not spared from western influence; sometime in the 20th century, prose poetry started to make their way into the local literary scene.
Ibn Majid, who was born between 1432 and 1437 in Ras Al Khaimah was an iconic poet. Coming from a family of successful sailors, Ibn Majid has a total of 40 surviving compositions, 39 of which are verses. 
The greatest luminaries in the UAE literary realm during the 20th century, particularly for Classical Arabic poetry, were Mubarak Al Oqaili (1880–1954), Salem bin Ali al Owais (1887–1959), and Ahmed bin Sulayem (1905–1976). Three other poets from Sharjah, known as the Hirah group, also thrived during the 20th century including Khalfan Musabah (1923–1946), Sheikh Saqr Al Qasimi (1925–1993), an ex-ruler of Sharjah, and Sultan bin Ali al Owais (1925–2000). The Hirah group's works are observed to have been heavily influenced by the Apollo and romantic poets.
Music and dance.
The United Arab Emirates is a part of the Arab khaleeji tradition, and is also known for Bedouin folk music. Yowla is a type of music and dance performed mainly in communities of Bantu peoples from the African Great Lakes region. During celebrations singing and dancing also took place and many of the songs and dances, handed down from generation to generation, have survived to the present time. Young girls would dance by swinging their long black hair and swaying their bodies in time to the strong beat of the music. Men would re-enact battles fought or successful hunting expeditions, often symbolically using sticks, swords, or rifles. Hollywood and Bollywood movies are popular in Dubai. The UAE has an active music scene, with musicians Amr Diab, Diana Haddad, Tarkan, Aerosmith, Santana, Mark Knopfler, Elton John, Pink, Bon Jovi, Pink Floyd, Shakira, Celine Dion, Coldplay, Linkin Park Slipknot and Phil Collins having performed in the country. Kylie Minogue was paid 4.4 million dollars to perform at the opening of the Atlantis resort on November 20, 2008. Dubai International Jazz Festival has been held annually since 2003. The Dubai Desert Rock Festival (2004-2009) was another major festival, consisting of heavy metal and rock artists.
Sports.
Football is the most popular sport in the UAE. Emirati football clubs Al-Ain, Al-Wasl, Al-Shabbab ACD, Al-Sharjah, Al-Wahda, and Al-Ahli are the most popular teams and enjoy the reputation of long-time regional champions. The great rivalries keep the streets of the UAE energized as people fill the streets when their favorite team wins. The United Arab Emirates Football Association was first established in 1971, and since then has dedicated its time and effort to promoting the game, organizing youth competitions and improving the abilities of not only its players, but of the officials and coaches involved with its regional teams. The UAE national football team qualified for the FIFA World Cup in 1990 with Egypt. It was the third consecutive World Cup with two Arab nations qualifying, after Kuwait and Algeria in 1982, and Iraq and Algeria again in 1986. The UAE also recently won the Gulf Cup of Nations held in Abu Dhabi in January 2007.
Cricket is one of the most popular sports in the UAE, largely due to the expatriate population from the Indian subcontinent. The Sharjah Cricket Association Stadium in Sharjah has hosted four international test cricket matches so far. Sheikh Zayed Stadium and Al Jazira Mohammed Bin Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi also hosted international cricket. Dubai has two cricket stadiums (Dubai Cricket Ground No.1 and No.2) with a third, "S3" currently under construction as part of Dubai Sports City. Dubai is also home to the International Cricket Council.
The UAE national cricket team qualified for the 1996 Cricket World Cup and narrowly missed out on qualification for the 2007 Cricket World Cup.
Other popular sports include camel racing, falconry, endurance riding, and tennis.

</doc>
<doc id="20270840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270840" title="Brightwoods School">
Brightwoods School

Brightwoods School is a school in Angeles City. It dictates courses at the Pre-School, Grade School, and High School level. It is located at Don Angel Street, Angeles Citicenter, Pandan. Founded as a pre-elementary program in 1993, it took its current name when it began offering Grade 1 in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20270858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270858" title="Roman Balayan">
Roman Balayan

Roman Balayan (born 15 April 1941, Nerkin Horatagh, Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast, Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian-Armenian film director.
Career.
Graduated by the Ivan Karpenko-Kary Institute of Theater Arts, he has lived and worked in Ukraine. Balayan calls himself a student of Sergei Parajanov. He was nominated and won several international prizes. His 1977 film "Lone Wolf" was entered into the 28th Berlin International Film Festival and his 2008 film "Birds of Paradise" was shown at the 30th Moscow International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20270864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270864" title="Environmental enrichment (neural)">
Environmental enrichment (neural)

Environmental enrichment is the stimulation of the brain by its physical and social surroundings. Brains in richer, more stimulating environments have higher rates of synaptogenesis and more complex dendrite arbors, leading to increased brain activity. This effect takes place primarily during neurodevelopment, but also during adulthood to a lesser degree. With extra synapses there is also increased synapse activity, leading to an increased size and number of glial energy-support cells. Environmental enrichment also enhances capillary vasculation, providing the neurons and glial cells with extra energy. The neuropil (neurons, glial cells, capillaries, combined together) expands, thickening the cortex. Research on rodent brains suggests that environmental enrichment may also lead to an increased rate of neurogenesis.
Research on animals finds that environmental enrichment could aid the treatment and recovery of numerous brain-related dysfunctions, including Alzheimer's disease and those connected to aging, whereas a lack of stimulation might impair cognitive development. Moreover, this research also suggests that environmental enrichment leads to a greater level of cognitive reserve, the brain's resilience to the effects of conditions such as aging and dementia.
Research on humans suggests that lack of stimulation delays and impairs cognitive development. Research also finds that attaining and engaging in higher levels of education, environments in which people participate in more challenging cognitively stimulating activities, results in greater cognitive reserve.
Early research.
Donald O. Hebb in 1947 found that rats raised as pets performed better on problem solving tests than rats raised in cages. His research, however, did not investigate the brain nor use standardized impoverished and enriched environments. Research doing this first was started in 1960 at the University of California, Berkeley by Mark Rosenzweig, who compared single rats in normal cages, and those placed in ones with toys, ladders, tunnels, running wheels in groups. This found that growing up in enriched environments affected enzyme cholinesterase activity. This work led in 1962 to the discovery that environmental enrichment increased cerebral cortex volume. In 1964, it was found that this was due to increased cerebral cortex thickness and greater synapse and glial numbers.
Also starting around 1960, Harry Harlow studied the effects of maternal and social deprivation on rhesus monkey infants (a form of environmental stimulus deprivation). This established the importance of social stimulation for normal cognitive and emotional development.
Synapses.
Synaptogenesis.
Rats raised with environmental enrichment have thicker cerebral cortices (3.3–7%) that contain 25% more synapses. This effect of environmental richness upon the brain occurs whether it is experienced immediately following birth, after weaning, or during maturity. When synapse numbers increase in adults, they can remain high in number even when the adults are returned to impoverished environment for 30 days suggesting that such increases in synapse numbers are not necessarily temporary. However, the increase in synapse numbers has been observed generally to reduce with maturation. Stimulation affects not only synapses upon pyramidal neurons (the main projecting neurons in the cerebral cortex) but also stellate ones (that are usually interneurons). It also can affect neurons outside the brain in the retina.
Dendrite complexity.
Environmental enrichment affects the complexity and length of the dendrite arbors (upon which synapses form). Higher-order dendrite branch complexity is increased in enriched environments, as can the length, in young animals, of distal branches.
Activity and energy consumption.
Synapses in animals in enriched environments show evidence of increased synapse activation. Synapses tend to also be much larger. Gamma oscillations become larger in amplitude in the hippocampus. This increased energy consumption is reflected in glial and local capillary vasculation that provides synapses with extra energy.
These energy related changes to the neuropil are responsible for increasing the volume of the cerebral cortex (the increase in synapse numbers contributes in itself hardly any extra volume).
Motor learning stimulation.
Part of the effect of environmental enrichment is providing opportunities to acquire motor skills. Research upon “acrobatic” skill learning in the rat shows that it leads to increased synapse numbers.
Maternal transmission.
Environmental enrichment during pregnancy has effects upon the fetus such as accelerating its retinal development.
Neurogenesis.
Environmental enrichment can also lead to the formation of neurons (at least in rats) and reverses the loss of neurons in the hippocampus and memory impairment following chronic stress. However, its relevance has been questioned for the behavioral effects of enriched environments.
Mechanisms.
Enriched environments affect the expression of genes in the cerebral cortex and the hippocampus that determine neuronal structure. At the molecular level, this occurs through increased concentrations of the neurotrophins NGF, NT-3, and changes in BDNF. This alters the activation of cholinergic neurons, 5-HT, and beta-adrenolin. Another effect is to increase proteins such as synaptophysin and PSD-95 in synapses. Changes in Wnt signaling have also been found to mimic in adult mice the effects of environmental enrichment upon synapses in the hippocampus. Increase in neurons numbers could be linked to changes in VEGF.
Rehabilitation and resilience.
Research in animals suggests that environmental enrichment aids in recovery from an array of neurological disorders and cognitive impairments. There are two mains areas of focus: neurological rehabilitation and cognitive reserve, the brain's resistance to the effects of exposure to physical, natural, and social threats. Although most of these experiments used animal subjects, mainly rodents, researchers have pointed to the affected areas of animal brains to which human brains are most similar and used their findings as evidence to show that humans would have comparable reactions to enriched environments. The tests done on animals are thus meant to represent human simulations for the following list of conditions.
Neurological rehabilitation.
Autism.
A study conducted in 2011 led to the conclusion that environmental enrichment vastly improves the cognitive ability of children suffering from autism. The study found that autistic children who receive olfactory and tactile stimulation along with exercises that stimulated other paried sensory modalities clinically improved by 42 percent while autistic children not receiving this treatment clinically improved by just 7 percent. The same study also showed that there was significant clinical improvement in autistic children exposed to enriched sensorimotor environments, and a vast majority of parents reported that their child's quality of life was much better with the treatment.
Alzheimer's disease.
Researchers through environmental enrichment were able to enhance and partially repair memory deficits in mice between ages of 2 to 7 months with characteristics of Alzheimer's disease. Mice in enriched environments performed significantly better on object recognition tests and the Morris Water Maze than they had when they were in standard environments. It was thus concluded that environmental enrichment enhances visual and learning memory for those with Alzheimer's.
Huntington's disease.
Research has indicated that environmental enrichment can help relieve motor and psychiatric deficits caused by Huntington's disease. It also improves lost protein levels for those with the disease, and prevents striatal and hippocampal deficits in the BDNF, located in the hippocampus. These findings have led researchers to suggest that environmental enrichment has a potential to be a possible form of therapy for those with Huntington's.
Parkinson's disease.
Multiple studies have reported that environmental enrichment for adult mice helps relieve neuronal death, which is particularly beneficial to those with Parkinson’s disease. A more recent study shows that environmental enrichment particularly affects the nigrostriatal pathway, which is important for managing dopamine and acetylcholine levels, critical for motor deficits. Moreover, it was found that environmental enrichment has beneficial effects for the social implications of Parkinson’s disease.
Stroke.
Research done in animals has shown that subjects recovering in an enriched environment 15 days after having a stroke had significantly improved neurobehavioral function. In addition these same subjects showed greater capability of learning and larger infarct post-intervention than those who were not in an enriched environment. It was thus concluded that environmental enrichment had a considerable beneficial effect on the learning and sensorimotor functions on animals post-stroke. A 2013 study also found that environmental enrichment socially benefits patients recovering from stroke. Researchers in that study concluded that stroke patients in enriched environments in assisted-care facilities are much more likely to be engaging with other patients during normal social hours instead of being alone or sleeping.
Rett syndrome.
A 2008 study found that environmental enrichment was significant in aiding recovery of motor coordination and some recovery of BDNF levels in female mice with conditions similar to those of Rett syndrome. Over the course of 30 weeks female mice in enriched environments showed superior ability in motor coordination to those in standard conditions. Although they were unable to have full motor capability, they were able to prevent a more severe motor deficit by living in an enriched environment. These results combined with increased levels of BDNF in the cerebellum led researchers to conclude that an enriched environment that stimulates areas of the motor cortex and areas of the cerebellum having to do with motor learning is beneficial in aiding mice with Rett syndrome.
Amblyopia.
A recent study found that adult rats with amblyopia improved visual acuity two weeks after being placed into an enriched environment. The same study showed that another two weeks after ending environmental enrichment, the rats retained their visual acuity improvement. Conversely, rats in a standard environment showed no improvement in visual acuity. It was thus concluded that environmental enrichment reduces GABA inhibition and increases BDNF expression in the visual cortex. As a result, the growth and development of neurons and synapses in the visual cortex were much improved due to the enriched environment.
Sensory deprivation.
Studies have shown that with the help of environmental enrichment the effects of sensory deprivation can be corrected. For example, a visual impairment know as "dark-rearing" in the visual cortex can be prevented and rehabilitated. In general, an enriched environment will improve, if not repair, the sensory systems animals possess.
Lead poisoning.
During development, gestation is one of the most critical periods for exposure to any lead. Exposure to high levels of lead at this time can lead to inferior spatial learning performance. Studies have shown that environmental enrichment can overturn damage to the hippocampus induced by lead exposure. Learning and spatial memory that are dependent on the long-term potentiation of the hippocampus are vastly improve as subjects in an enriched environments had lower levels of lead concentration in their hippocampi. The findings also showed that enriched environments result in some natural protection of lead-induced brain deficits.
Chronic spinal cord injuries.
Research has indicated that animals suffering from spinal cord injuries showed significant improvement in motor capabilities even with a long delay in treatment after the injury when exposed to environmental enrichment. Social interactions, exercise, and novelty all play major roles in aiding the recovery of an injured subject. This has led to some suggestions that the spinal cord has a continued plasticity and all efforts must be made for enriched environments to stimulate this plasticity in order to aid recovery.
Maternal deprivation stress.
Maternal deprivation can be caused by the abandonment by a nurturing parent at a young age. In rodents or nonhuman primates, this leads to a higher vulnerability for
stress-related illness. Research suggests that environmental enrichment can reverse the effects of maternal separation on stress reactivity, possibly by affecting the hippocampus and the prefrontal cortex.
Child neglect.
In all children, maternal care is one of the significant influences for hippocampal development, providing the foundation for stable and individualized learning and memory. However, this is not the case for those who have experienced child neglect. Researchers determined that through environmental enrichment, a neglected child can partially receive the same hippocampal development and stability, albeit not at the same level as that of the presence of a parent or guardian. The results were comparable to those of child intervention programs, rendering environmental enrichment a useful method for dealing with child neglect.
Cognitive reserve.
Aging.
Decreased hippocampal neurogenesis is a characteristic of aging. Environmental enrichment increases neurogenesis in aged rodents by potentiating neuronal differentiation and new cell survival. As a result, subjects exposed to environmental enrichment aged better due to superior ability in retaining their levels of spatial and learning memory.
Prenatal and perinatal cocaine exposure.
Research has shown that mice exposed to environmental enrichment are less affected by the consequences of cocaine exposure in comparison with those in standard environments. Although the levels of dopamine in the brains of both sets of mice were relatively similar, when both subjects were exposed to the cocaine injection, mice in enriched environment were significantly less responsive than those in standard environments. It was thus concluded that both the activating and rewarding effects are suppressed by environmental enrichment and early exposure to environmental enrichment can help prevent drug addiction.
Humans.
Though environmental enrichment research has been mostly done upon rodents, similar effects occur in primates, and are likely to affect the human brain. However, direct research upon human synapses and their numbers is limited since this requires histological study of the brain. A link, however, has been found between educational level and greater dendritic branch complexity following autopsy removal of the brain.
Localized cerebral cortex changes.
MRI detects localized cerebral cortex expansion after people learn complex tasks such as mirror reading (in this case in the right occipital cortex), three-ball juggling (bilateral mid-temporal area and left posterior intraparietal sulcus), and when medical students intensively revise for exams (bilaterally in the posterior and lateral parietal cortex). Such changes in gray matter volume can be expected to link to changes in synapse numbers due to the increased numbers of glial cells and the expanded capillary vascularization needed to support their increased energy consumption.
Institutional deprivation.
Children that receive impoverished stimulation due to being confined to cots without social interaction or reliable caretakers in low quality orphanages show severe delays in cognitive and social development. 12% of them if adopted after 6 months of age show autistic or mildly autistic traits later at four years of age. Some children in such impoverished orphanages at two and half years of age still fail to produce intelligible words, though a year of foster care enabled such children to catch up in their language in most respects. Catch-up in other cognitive functioning also occurs after adoption, though problems continue in many children if this happens after the age of 6 months
Such children show marked differences in their brains, consistent with research upon experiment animals, compared to children from normally stimulating environments. They have reduced brain activity in the orbital prefrontal cortex, amygdala, hippocampus, temporal cortex, and brain stem. They also showed less developed white matter connections between different areas in their cerebral cortices, particularly the uncinate fasciculus.
Conversely, enriching the experience of preterm infants with massage quickens the maturating of their electroencephalographic activity and their visual acuity. Moreover, as with enrichment in experimental animals, this associates with an increase in IGF-1.
Cognitive reserve and resilience.
Another source of evidence for the effect of environment stimulation upon the human brain is cognitive reserve (a measure of the brain’s resilience to cognitive impairment) and the level of a person’s education. Not only is higher education linked to a more cognitively demanding educational experience, but it also correlates with a person’s general engagement in cognitively demanding activities. The more education a person has received, the less the effects of aging, dementia, white matter hyperintensities, MRI-defined brain infarcts, Alzheimer's disease, and traumatic brain injury. Also, aging and dementia are less in those that engage in complex cognitive tasks. The cognitive decline of those with epilepsy could also be affected by the level of a person’s education.

</doc>
<doc id="20270884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270884" title="North Mill">
North Mill

North Mill is the name of a number of mills.
Windmills.
North Mill, Runham Swim, a *drainage mill in Norfolk

</doc>
<doc id="20270885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270885" title="Morten Ruud">
Morten Ruud

Morten Ruud (born 25 February 1950) is a Norwegian civil servant.
Ruud graduated as cand.jur. in 1974 from the University of Oslo, and took the Norwegian National Defence College in 1985. From 1976 he has spent most of his career in the Ministry of Justice and the Police, except for the years 1977 to 1978, when he was a deputy judge, and the years 1998 to 2001 when he was the Governor of Svalbard. In the Ministry of Justice he was promoted to deputy under-secretary of state in 1990, special adviser on 1 January 1997 and then permanent under-secretary of state on 22 August 1997. He left as permanent under-secretary of state in 2012.
While serving in Svalbard, Ruud and his Deputy Governor Rune Bård Hansen expelled three young men from Svalbard, invoking—for the first time in history—a 1976 provision that allowed for expulsion of convicted felons if deemed liable to commit new criminal acts. Ruud was criticized as "almighty" by the commentator of "Verdens Gang". "Nordlys" described the event as "embarrassing and unworthy" bullying.

</doc>
<doc id="20270941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270941" title="East Mill">
East Mill

East Mill is the name of a number of mills.

</doc>
<doc id="20270995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20270995" title="South Mill">
South Mill

South Mill is the name of a number of mills

</doc>
<doc id="20271028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271028" title="West Mill">
West Mill

West Mill is the name of a number of mills.

</doc>
<doc id="20271114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271114" title="Peter Arne Ruzicka">
Peter Arne Ruzicka

Peter Arne Ruzicka (born 16 April 1964) is a Norwegian businessperson.
His father was Czech, migrated to Norway in 1951 and ultimately became professor of chemistry. Peter Ruzicka took siv.øk. and MBA degrees at Oslo Business School. In 1990 he was hired in Hakon Gruppen by Stein Erik Hagen. He became director of markets in RIMI after nine months, and successively became CEO of RIMI and Hakon Gruppen. From 2000 to 2003 Ruzicka was the CEO of Ahold in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. He then left the conglomerate together with Stein Erik Hagen. Instead, Ruzicka became CEO of Jernia in 2003 and Canica in 2006.
He is chairman of the board of Jernia, Steen og Strøm and G-Sport, and a member of the board of the Orkla Group, Think Global, Komplett and Fritzøe Engros.

</doc>
<doc id="20271118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271118" title="Newtonville, New York">
Newtonville, New York

Newtonville is a hamlet in the town of Colonie in Albany County, New York, United States. Located along U.S. Route 9, the hamlet is just south of Latham and north of Loudonville. Colonie Town Hall is located in the hamlet of Newtonville.
History.
Newtonville is named after John M. Newton, an early landowner, it was originally called Newton Corners. Mr. Newton was in the business of manufacturing bricks, ceramics, and stove linings. He built the First Baptist Church in 1852, today it is the Newtonville Post Office and is on the National Register of Historic Places. The first post office at Newtonville was established in 1850 and located in the store owned by John H. Kemp. On October 27, 1887 the Rev. Dr. William Arthur, father of President Chester A. Arthur, died in Newtonville. During the early 1900s Newtonville was a popular place in guide books catering to touring the countryside in early automobiles, such as- Scarborough's Official Tour Book (1918), Automotive Industries (1905), Albany Guide Book (1917), Automotive Blue Book (1921), Red Book: Interstate Automobile Guide, and the A.L.A. Green Book: Official Route Book (1920). In 1906 David Jeram began the Loudonville Autobus line with an 18 passenger Knox bus traveling between Latham's Corners and Albany with a stop at Newtonville. In 1987 the Buhrmaster Barn, built in the 1800s along the Mohawk River was moved to Newtonville at the site of the historical museum, the Pruyn House. In 1997 the Verdoy Schoolhouse was also moved to that location.
Geography.
Newtonville is centered on the intersection of Maxwell Road and US Route 9 (New Loudon Road). As a hamlet its boundaries are indeterminate. Newtonville is generally determined to extend north on Route 9 to the intersection with Old Loudon Road, where the hamlet of Latham begins and west on Maxwell Road to include sections of Old Niskayuna Road.

</doc>
<doc id="20271146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271146" title="Martinj Vrh">
Martinj Vrh

Martinj Vrh (in older sources also "Sveti Martinj Vrh", ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20271179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271179" title="Simen Lieungh">
Simen Lieungh

Simen Lieungh (born 16 March 1960) is a Norwegian businessperson.
He was hired as CEO of Aker Solutions in 2008. He was director of Field Development in Aker Solutions from 2002 to 2007, and CEO of Arne Blystad AS from 2007 to 2008. He has education from Norwegian University of Science and Technology, and has worked as a researcher at the Norwegian Defence Research Establishment. 
As of October 2010 Lieungh is the CEO of Odfjell Drilling.
He resides in Nittedal.

</doc>
<doc id="20271222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271222" title="Toosa">
Toosa

Toosa is one of the largest villages in Punjab, India. It is located in the Ludhiana district, on the Ludhiana Jodhan Raikot road about 23 km south of Ludhiana, near Sudhar.
Village structure.
The village is divided into 3 parts which developed based on its growth:
Before 1950, all villagers lived within the redline area between two Darwazas (known as Vadda Darwaza and Shera Vala Darwaza). The houses are small traditional Punjabi houses.
After 1950, people started moving toward outside the redline. The 1st Firni was drawn in a ring shape outside the redline area for use as a common road. Houses were built in this area until circa 1980, at which time the village needed another Firni because of lack of space. Housing continued to be built in this outer ring area.
In the present, people are moving toward the outer roads of Toosa, which connect to nearby villages.
check out the blog of the village here.
Demographics.
The population is above 5,000 and the area is 2,117 hectares according to the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="20271233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271233" title="Richard Anconina">
Richard Anconina

Richard Anconina ( ; born 28 January 1953) is a French actor.

</doc>
<doc id="20271235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271235" title="Morten Loktu">
Morten Loktu

Morten Loktu (born 18 September 1960) is a Norwegian businessperson.
He took the siv.ing. degree at the Norwegian Institute of Technology in 1984, and was hired as an engineer in Statoil in 1985. Since then he has been a director in the company, except for the years 2002 to 2004, when he was the chief executive of SINTEF.
He is chairman of the board of OG21, and a board member of the Norwegian University of Science and Technology and of the European Institute of Innovation and Technology.
He is a fellow of the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="20271246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271246" title="Safford Police Department (Arizona)">
Safford Police Department (Arizona)

The Safford Police Department is the municipal police agency serving the city of Safford, Arizona, United States, and some outlying areas. It serves approximately 10,000 people.
The Safford Police Department assures the protection of life and property and prevention of crimes; directs law enforcement, and related functions.
Fallen officers.
Deputy Constable James Haines was shot to death in the line of duty on August 26, 1879. Deputy Haines was killed by a man he was attempting to arrest. He had been sent to Fort Thomas to arrest J. R. Collins on a warrant. Collins and two other men were arrested. After an inquest, the homicide charge was dropped as it was ruled justifiable.

</doc>
<doc id="20271249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271249" title="Inq Mobile">
Inq Mobile

Inq was a social software and app manufacturer who launched two successful software products and a series of award-winning handsets. Material, Inq's personalised magazine, became the top free news app in the UK App Store and achieved a number 4 position in the US, shortly after launch. SO.HO, a social launcher developed by Inq, was also warmly received with press positioning it as an alternative to Facebook Home.
Prior to focusing on software, Inq released a series of "social mobiles" for which they were awarded "Best Newcomer" and "Best Handset" at the GSMA in 2009.
In January 2014 Inq announced that the business was to close down and that the apps they had in market would not be updated after this point.
Company Overview.
Inq held offices in London and Rome and employed between 11 and 50 staff across the two offices.
The company was founded in 2007 by Ken Johnstone (Inq's current CEO), Frank Meehan and Jeff Taylor. It is a fully owned subsidiary of Hutchison Whampoa and is backed by Li Ka-shing who is Chairman of Hutchison Whampoa and is also an investor in Facebook and Spotify.
Inq Software and Apps.
Inq launched two software only products in 2013; Material a discovery app that delivered each of its users a personalised magazine based on their interests and SO.HO, a launcher and app that brought together Facebook, Twitter and Instagram in one place. Shortly after its release, the Material iOS app became a number 1 app in the Free News category and achieved a number 4 rank in the Free News chart in the US app store.
Inq describe their apps as social software and parts of the functionality are based on surfacing social networks or using elements from the social graph.
MATERIAL.
Inq describe Material as a "personalised magazine" that "hunts out content based on your interests". The app delivers a fresh update of content twice a day, grouping each delivery into a "morning/evening edition" The topics and stories in each edition are personalised to match the interests of each user and users can also add topics via a menu. The more a user uses Material, the more it learns about his or her interests. Users may also add additional topics of interest. In a press release regarding the product, CEO Ken Johnstone positioned Material as an anti-dote to content overload stating "With the avalanche of content out there, we're focused on finding new and exciting ways for people to get directly to the things they love. Material was the result of this thinking, an app that takes all the hard work out of finding great stuff.” and Inq state that the discovery app will help users "discover new content from new places". Material is available for iPhone and Android smartphones.
Inq released Material in BETA as an Android only product. The BETA app was praised by press for its "its colorful and intelligent design" and UI. Similarly the Android public showed an interest in the app with the BETA achieving over 50,000 installs. In August 2014 Inq launched an iOS version of Material which had a redesigned UI and improvements to Inq's “interest extraction engine,” which forms the intelligence behind the app. Shortly after its release, the Material iOS app became a number 1 app in the Free News category and achieved a rank of number 4 rank in the Free News chart in the US app store.
The app has been compared by press to other personalised news services such as Flipboard and Zite. In a review of the Material app, Venturebeat commented "While there are quite a few news-reading apps out there and Flipboard holds the dominant position, Material sets itself apart with design and intelligent curation." Unlike Flipboard, the makers of MATERIAL claim it will "evolve with you", learning what you like and recognising when your interests change 
SO.HO.
The mobile launcher, SO.HO was launched by Inq for Android devices in 2013. SO.HO allows the user to have Facebook, Instagram and Twitter feeds on their homescreen, additionally the homescreen app allows for tweets, status updates, likes and comments to be made through the launcher. The launcher provides the user a full screen version of their respective Twitter, Instagram and Facebook networks after they unlock their phone, in a similar manner to Facebook Home or HTC Blinkfeed. SO.HO is available in English, Spanish (Europe/US) Portuguese, Korean, Hindi, Italian, German and French. In press commentary about the launcher, Inq initially stated that they intend to add more social networks to the launcher. However more recent updates to the app have added in bespoke social media feeds that mix content from multiple networks in one view. The SO.HO feed is described by Ina as " a place where you can see the latest videos, pictures and links shared from all your friends across Facebook, Twitter and Instagram." whilst the "Hashtag feed" shows users "the conversations happening right now across Facebook, Twitter and Instagram about that subject".
Inq Phones.
When it was founded in 2007, Inq's business model focused on creating affordable, mid-range smartphones which deeply integrated social networking and a range of usability features. Inq phones were sold in Canada, India, Singapore, UK, Australia, Hong Kong, Ireland, Italy and Sweden.
As per news reports, Singapore Telecommunications (Singtel), on September 14, 2009 announced that it would be start selling the social networking phone INQ Mini 3G, developed by INQ mobile. This phone launched on September 19, 2009 in Singapore. On March 18, 2010 Aircel in India started selling the INQ Mini and INQ Chat, and on July 28, 2010 the INQ Chat went onsale in Canada from Telus and Koodo.
In January 2013 Inq announced that they would no longer manufacture handsets but would focus exclusively on producing social software. A Venturebeat article at CES quoted Ken Johnston as saying that “We’ve finished up with hardware a year ago, and we’ve been working our app engine since then,” Inq CEO and cofounder Ken Johnstone said last night at a CES 2013 event. Inq stated on their Facebook page that they will not be making further handsets but that they will continue to support those who own an Inq handset.
INQ1.
The INQ1 was INQ's first mobile phone. It was released in December 2008, featuring a 2.2" QVGA screen, and a 3.2megapixel camera. Applications on the phone include: Skype, Last.fm, Ebay, Facebook, Myspace and Windows Live Messenger.
INQ Mini 3G.
The follow on from the INQ1, this time with added Twitter functionality. Sharing a similar design to its 'sister' phone the Chat 3G, interchangeable back covers are available to purchase. The phone has a 2.0megapixel camera and was launched at £39.99 in the UK. The INQ1 is notable for its very tight integration with Windows Live Messenger, Facebook and Skype. It was endorsed at launch by Mark Zuckerberg and other industry identities.
A high level of firmware branding is present in the phone's operating system, this signifies a push for highly proprietary "for the network, by the network" mobile telephones which are extremely hard to unlock or debrand. In September 2009 Inq publicly stated that the company would build phones based on the Android mobile operating system, and claims they will be ready in early 2011.
INQ Chat 3G.
The 'big sister' to the Mini 3G, featuring similar functionality. However, the phone has an additional QWERTY keyboard, a 3.2megapixel camera and a GPS device.
Inq Cloud Touch.
The first of INQ's new Android-powered phones, moving away from BREW used in their previous phones. The mobile has more integration to Facebook than the previous phones, with direct access from the homescreen to popular aspects like Chat and Places. This is also the first INQ phone to feature Spotify, which replaces a proprietary music player altogether. The Cloud Touch has a button dedicated to Spotify so you can access immediately, in addition to an 'Info' button for quick access to settings and information. The phone has a 3.5” HVGA touchscreen, and will be available in three different colours from April in the UK.
Social networks and related services embedded into Inq phones
History.
Inq was founded in 2008 by Ken Johnstone, Frank Meehan and Jeff Taylor. In August 2009, the company launched two phones-the INQ Mini 3G (a candy-bar type form factor with Twitter and Facebook) and the INQ Chat 3G (a QWERTY device with Twitter, Facebook and GMail integration). Both models went on sale in Q4 2009 and feature removable coloured back panels. The INQ1 won Phone of the Year at the 2009 GSMA Awards in Barcelona which are known informally as the industry Oscars. The judges highlighted the handset's affordability, deep integration of social networks and ease of use in their winner's announcement.
In September 2010 news reports speculated about rumors that Facebook and Inq were working together on a “Facebook Phone”. To date no Facebook phone has emerged from either Inq or Facebook themselves.
In June 2011 it was reported that Jeff Taylor had left the company to start his own venture with Inq PR Head Soheb Panja This was followed by an announcement in September 2011 that Frank Meehan had been replaced as CEO by Ken Johnstone, co-founder and formerly Director of Products for Inq.
In January 2013 Inq announced that they would be focusing exclusively on producing social software moving forward and would no longer be involved in the manufacture or distribution of handsets. A Venturebeat article at CES quoted Ken Johnston as saying that “We’ve finished up with hardware a year ago, and we’ve been working our app engine since then,” Inq CEO and cofounder Ken Johnstone said last night at a CES 2013 event. This announcement was followed by a company rebrand, at which the company redesigned it's logo and began to write the company name as Inq Mobile rather than the original INQ.
Inq launched a beta version of MATERIAL, a content discovery engine in February 2013. In an interview with Pocket-lint MATERIAL was positioned as a continuation of the Inq business, rather than a pivot from phones, with Pocket-Lint writing that "Inq is no stranger to "social DNA". The brief foray into devices with the INQ Cloud Touch back in 2011 very much centred around a granular integration of services like Facebook, helping important content rise to the surface. That ethos still sits at the core of what Inq is working on.". Other titles presented MATERIAL as a "pivot" for Inq, suggesting a change in business strategy.
Inq followed this with the launch a second beta app, SO.HO in May 2013. SO.HO (short for Social Homescreen) is an Android launcher. On the Inq Mobile blog, Inq say that SO.HO "allows you to put your favourite social networks on the homescreen of your Android mobile so that you can check what’s happening on multiple social networks without diving in and out of apps."
In August 2013 Inq launched the iOS version of Material and brought the Android version of Material out of beta.The launch of Material for iPhone was covered by many key press titles including Engagdet, Techcrunch and Venturebeat.

</doc>
<doc id="20271250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271250" title="Tom McLachlan">
Tom McLachlan

Tom ‘Tommy’ McLachlan was a rugby league footballer in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL). 
A South Sydney junior, McLachlan made his 1st grade debut for that club in 1931. In 1934 Tommy McLachlan joined the Eastern Suburbs club where he remained until his retirement at the end of the 1937 Season. A hooker, McLachlan played in some of East’s greatest sides, winning premierships with the club in 1935, ’36 and ’37. He was also a member of the Eastern Suburbs side that was defeated by Western Suburbs in the 1934 premiership decider. 
McLachlan went onto become president of the Australian Postal Workers’ Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20271259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271259" title="Dylan Ramsey">
Dylan Ramsey

Dylan Ramsey is a young Canadian actor and film producer, known for his portrayals of dark dramatic and comedically eccentric characters of diverse ethnicity. Recent major roles include the leading role of Ginger (a male cross-dressing prostitute) in HBO’s "Donny & Ginger", guest-starring as the ethereal suicide bomber Saaed Hotary on FX’s "Nip/Tuck" and the title role of Jack Belmont in "Visual Purple".
He also starred in "Air Crash Investigation's" "Killing Machine" as "Bobby "The Killer"", and "Air Crash Investigation's" "Death of the President" episode on the Polish Air Force Crash in 2014.
Ramsey is currently writing and producing two new media series.
Biography.
Ramsey was born in Prague, Czech Republic and raised in Toronto Ontario Canada. He currently lives in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="20271272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271272" title="Sister (Sister2Sister song)">
Sister (Sister2Sister song)

"Sister" was the debut single by Australian pop music duo Sister2Sister. The single was very successful in Australia.
Track listings.
In Australia, a remix CD was released.
Charts.
In Australia, the single was a huge success. It debuted on the ARIA singles chart at #14, then after several weeks climbed inside the top 10; it peaked at #3 on 12 December 1999. It then slowly fell out of the top 50, and spent a total of 20 weeks inside the top 50.
In New Zealand, the single debuted on the RIANZ singles chart at #14 and fell out quickly, spending eight weeks in the top 50. Two weeks after leaving the top 50, it re-entered at #26, and would fall and rise for a further five weeks before exiting for the last time, bringing its week total to 14.
In the UK, "Sister" debuted at #18, before falling 17 places the next week. It spent two more weeks in the top 100, bringing its total weeks to 4.

</doc>
<doc id="20271278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271278" title="Beauty No. 1">
Beauty No. 1

Beauty No. 1 is a 1965 film by Andy Warhol starring Edie Sedgwick, Kip Stagg aka Bima Stagg, and Chuck Wein. 
Synopsis and background.
"Beauty No. 1" is a precursor to Andy Warhol's better known follow up, "Beauty No. 2" and was originally titled "Beauty". 
The movie features Edie Sedgwick, Chuck Wein, and Kip Stagg aka Bima Stagg. The film has a fixed point of view showing a bed with two characters on it, Sedgwick and Stagg. Chuck Wein is heard speaking but is just out of view. Sedgwick, in a skimpy outfit of bra and panties, and Stagg, wearing only jockey shorts, engage in flirting and light kissing. Wein asks Sedgwick questions seemingly designed to harass and annoy her. Stagg is more or less a bystander not interacting with Wein. 
After dissatisfaction with performances in the first shoot, Warhol re-cast and re-shot "Beauty" as "Beauty No. 2", with Edie Sedgwick, Chuck Wein and Gino Piserchio reprising the role of Kip Stagg. 
The dialogue seems as if it were created ad lib and no conclusions are reached in the film. 
The original film negative is maintained by the Andy Warhol Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20271286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271286" title="Levoton Tuhkimo">
Levoton Tuhkimo

Levoton Tuhkimo ("Restless Cinderella") is a popular song released in 1984 by the Finnish rock band "Dingo". It is part of the album "Nimeni on Dingo (My name is Dingo)" produced by Pave Maijanen under the Fazer Finnlevy music label.
This popular song has been remixed twice, in 1992 and in 1993, and has been reinterpreted by the "Scandinavian Music Group" in 2008 in their tributary album "Melkein vieraissa - Nimemme on Dingo". Estonian artist Mari-Leen Kaselaan's song "Rahutu tuhkatriinu" is also based on Levoton Tuhkimo. The song lasts about 4:12.
Composition of the band.
Its original version is played by:

</doc>
<doc id="20271316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271316" title="Kannudaiyampalayampudur">
Kannudaiyampalayampudur

Kannudaiyampalayampudur is a village situated in Erode, Tamil Nadu, India.

</doc>
<doc id="20271332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271332" title="Ojstri Vrh">
Ojstri Vrh

Ojstri Vrh is a settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20271370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271370" title="Toscana virus">
Toscana virus

Toscana virus (TOSV) is an arbovirus (arthropod-borne virus) belonging to "Bunyaviridae", a family of negative-stranded, enveloped RNA viruses. The virus can be transmitted to humans by the bite of an infected sandfly of the genus "Phlebotomus". Toscana is not normally associated with disease, as indicated by high seroprevlance rates (up to 25%) in endemic areas, but in common with other sandfly transmitted viruses such as "Naples virus" and "Sicilian virus", infection may result in Pappataci fever, an illness with mild fever, headache and myalgia. In serious cases that go undiagnosed, acute meningitis, meningoencephalitis and encephalitis may occur. There is no specific treatment for infection, so treatment is supportive, reducing the severity of symptoms until the immune system has cleared the infection.
The virus is found in most countries that border the Mediterranean Sea, with the highest incidence in Italy. Infection rates peak during the summer time as sandfly populations grow more abundant.
Virology.
Structure and genome.
TOSV has a spherical, enveloped body with an 80–120 nm diameter. The genome is encased in a nucleocapsid and consists of negative-sense RNA broken into three segments, termed L, M and S. L is about 6,400 nucleotides in length, M about 4,200 nucleotides in length, and S about 1,900 nucleotides in length. L encodes for the viral polymerase, M encodes for structural glycoproteins and S encodes for nucleic proteins.
Diagnosis.
Laboratory diagnosis of TOSV infection can be performed through the use of ELISA, immunofluorescence and/or neutralization tests, but reverse transcription, real-time polymerase chain reaction assays are preferred because they are less time-consuming and reduce the risk of contamination.
Epidemiology.
This virus is a leading cause of acute meningitis between May and October in Central Italy and in other northern Mediterranean countries (Croatia, France, Greece, Portugal and Spain) as well as several of the eastern Mediterranean countries (Cyprus and Turkey). It is among the 3 most prevalent viruses associated with meningitis during the warm seasons: the other two are enteroviruses and herpesviruses.
History.
Toscana virus (TOSV) was first isolated in 1971 from "Phlebotomus perniciosus" and "Phlebotomus perfiliewi" in Monte Argentario (Grosseto, Tuscany).

</doc>
<doc id="20271377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271377" title="Norwegian Society for Photobiology and Photomedicine">
Norwegian Society for Photobiology and Photomedicine

The Norwegian Society for Photobiology and Photomedicine (NOFFOF) was founded at the University Hospital (St Olav's Hospital) in Trondheim, Norway on May 9, 1983. Thirty members enrolled during the first membership year. Since then, membership has varied between 30 and 80.
Statutes.
The statutes of the Society prescribe that:
In 2007 the statutes were amended to allow for awarding travel grants to young researchers.
History and activities.
A collaboration group for research on ultraviolet (UV) radiation was founded in 1989 and became part of NOFFOF in 1991. The Society then organised two meetings a year; one related to UV topics and one related to general photobiology and photomedicine. Recently, only one ordinary meeting has been arranged per year. A total of more than 35 national and international scientific meetings have been arranged by the Society.
The Society continues to promote educational efforts through teaching and arranging courses and seminars. Many members occasionally teach both undergraduate and graduate level university courses in photobiology. Sometimes scientific meetings are held in conjunction with the teaching of graduate courses on the biological effects of UV and optical radiation.
The Society is pleased to select recipients of the Claude Rimington’s Commemorative Prize. Professor Claude Rimington (1902–1993) was a British biochemist who devoted his work to the study of porphyrines and the photosensitization of farm animals. He spent his retirement days continuing his research at the Norwegian Radium Hospital, Oslo. Professor Rimington became an honorary member of NOFFOF in 1984. Since 1995 NOFFOF has awarded the Rimington Prize to ten distinguished researchers in the field of photobiology and photomedicine.
NOFFOF is engaged in international activities, primarily through its association with the International Union of Photobiology (IUPB) and the European Society of Photobiology (ESP). Dr. Kristian Berg, member of NOFFOF since 1989, served as President of ESP in the period 2007 - 2009. The Society was honoured to organise the 9th European Society of Photobiology Congress that took place in Lillehammer, Norway in 2001 (see European Society for Photobiology (ESP) for details).

</doc>
<doc id="20271380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271380" title="Mary Duncan">
Mary Duncan

Mary Duncan (August 13, 1895 – May 9, 1993) was an American actress.
Biography.
She began her career as a child actress playing on the Broadway stage from 1910. In 1926 she played the daughter "Poppy" in the smash hit and controversial play "The Shanghai Gesture". Florence Reed played her mother called "Mother Goddam" in which Reed kills Duncan in a startling end to the play. This play was turned into a very sanitized film in 1941 with Gene Tierney.
She met and married Stephen "Laddie" Sanford, who was an international polo player as well as director of the Bigelow-Sanford Carpet Company, in 1933, after which she retired from films. They remained married until his death in 1977. She spent much of her remaining years working with several major charities.
Her last film appearance was with Katharine Hepburn in the 1933 film "Morning Glory".
She kept herself active by playing golf twice a week and swimming every morning before breakfast, which helped her maintain her size 8 figure. As an actress, she had followed the ministrations of Sylvia of Hollywood to keep her shape.
Mary Duncan died in her sleep aged 97. She was survived by a niece and great-niece, and she was the last person to have in her possession a copy of the lost Murnau film "4 Devils"; Martin Koerber, curator of Deutsche Kinemathek, has speculated that her heirs may still have the valuable print somewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="20271407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271407" title="Unlocker">
Unlocker

Unlocker is a tool that can trace and unlock the locking protection commonly used in files on Microsoft Windows. However, its main use is to terminate the processes that are using a certain file, or force the processes to stop using the file, so the user can safely delete, rename or move the file. It is written by the French programmer Cedrick 'Nitch' Collomb. In recent years, it has been noted for including adware.
History.
The main changes since the first version are bug fixes. The installer also had a few improvements as well as the GUI and source code.
Unlocker is primarily used in software and game modification and re-installations.
Unlocker currently supports 40 languages. Version 1.0 supported only English.
Features.
Unlocker is a GUI application with the feature of command-line interface through an administrative console. It can unload application extensions, terminate processes, as well as force a process to stop using a certain file (This function is called "Unlock" in the program itself). It uses OpenCandy to advertise other software in the install process. OpenCandy is sometimes considered to be adware. Also a portable variant of the program is available.
There are several analogues of the product.

</doc>
<doc id="20271419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271419" title="Divergence (computer science)">
Divergence (computer science)

In computer science, a computation is said to diverge if it does not terminate or terminates in an (unobservable) exceptional state. Otherwise it is said to converge. In domains where computations are expected to be infinite, such as process calculi, a computation is said to diverge if it fails to be productive (always produces an action within a finite amount of time.)
Definitions.
Various subfields of computer science use varying, but mathematically precise, definitions of what it means for a computation to converge or diverge.
Rewriting.
In abstract rewriting a reduction is called convergent if and only if it is both confluent and terminating. The notation "t" ↓ "n" means term "t" reduces to normal form "n" in zero or more reductions, "t"↓ means "t" reduces to some normal form in zero or more reductions, and "t"↑ means "t" does not reduce to a normal form.
In the lambda calculus an expression is divergent if it has no normal form.
Denotational semantics.
In denotational semantics an object function "f" : "A" → "B" can be modelled as a mathematical function "f" : "A" ∪ {⊥} → "B" ∪ {⊥} where ⊥ (bottom) indicates that the object function or its argument diverges.
Concurrency theory.
In the calculus of communicating sequential processes, divergence is a drastic situation where a process performs an endless series of hidden actions. For example, consider the following process, defined by CSP notation:
The traces of this process are defined as:
Now, consider the following process, which conceals the "tick" event of the "Clock" process:
By definition, "P" is called a divergent process.

</doc>
<doc id="20271429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271429" title="Osojnik, Železniki">
Osojnik, Železniki

Osojnik is a small settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20271431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271431" title="Muhammad Saleem Bajawa">
Muhammad Saleem Bajawa

Muhammad Saleem Bajwa is a Pakistani politician.

</doc>
<doc id="20271444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271444" title="Ferdinando Fontana">
Ferdinando Fontana

Ferdinando Fontana (30 January 1850 – 10 May 1919) was an Italian journalist, dramatist, and poet. He is best known today for having written the libretti of the first two operas by Giacomo Puccini – "Le Villi" and "Edgar".
Biography.
Born at Milan into a family of artists - both his father Carlo and his brother Roberto were painters - he entered a Barnabite school at the age of seven and then went on to study at the Collegio Zambelli. He was forced to abandon his studies while still young to provide for himself and his two younger sisters following the death of their mother. During that period, he worked in a series of menial jobs before becoming a copy editor for the "Corriere di Milano". This brought him into contact with the world of journalism and literature, which was to become his career.
An exponent of the second Scapigliatura artistic movement, Fontana was a very versatile writer. Apart from his plays and opera libretti, he wrote poems (in both Italian and Milanese dialect), travel books, and articles in various Italian newspapers, including "Corriere della Sera". From 1878 to 1879 he was the Berlin correspondent for the "Gazzetta Piemontese" (today "La Stampa").
During his time in Milan, Fontana wrote two plays in Milanese dialect, "La Pina Madamin" and "La Statôa del sciôr Incioda". Both had considerable success and starred Edoardo Ferravilla, considered one of the greatest comic actors in Milanese theatre. He wrote numerous libretti, including two for Alberto Franchetti ("Asrael" and "Zoroastro") and two for Puccini ("Le Villi" and "Edgar"). He also translated several operetta libretti for performance in Italy, including Franz Lehár's "Die lustige Witwe (The Merry Widow)" and "Der Graf von Luxemburg (The Count of Luxembourg)", Oskar Nedbal's "Polenblut (Polish Blood)", and Edmund Eysler's "Der Frauenfresser (The Woman-Eater)". Early in his career, Fontana's output was prodigious: an 1886 article in "La Stampa" said that at the time, 13 new libretti by Fontana were being composed by 12 different composers.
A committed and passionate socialist, he took part in the Milanese demonstrations in 1898 which led to the Bava-Beccaris massacre. Because of the repressions which followed, he fled to Switzerland where he first lived in Montagnola, a small town near Lugano. He remained in Switzerland until his death, living a modest life, and greatly reducing his literary activities.
Ferdinando Fontana died in Lugano in 1919, at the age of 69.
Texts set to music.
Unless indicated otherwise, the texts were opera libretti.

</doc>
<doc id="20271476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271476" title="Le bar du téléphone">
Le bar du téléphone

Le bar du téléphone is a 1980 French film directed by Claude Barrois.

</doc>
<doc id="20271488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271488" title="Oktawiusz Radoszkowski">
Oktawiusz Radoszkowski

Oktawiusz Wincenty Bourmeister-Radoszkowski (, 7 August 1820, Łomża – 13 May 1895, Warszawa) was a Polish entomologist who specialised in Hymenoptera and worked in the Russian Empire.
He published very many scientific papers describing new taxa and on the structure and taxonomic significance of the genitalia of Aculeate Hymenoptera.
His world Hymenoptera are in the Polish Academy of Science Jagellonian University and the Zoological Museum of Moscow University.
Works.
Partial list (later works)

</doc>
<doc id="20271501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271501" title="María Oltra">
María Oltra

María Asunción Oltra Torres (Tavernes de Valldigna, Spain, 14 August 1963) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the main opposition People's Party (PP).
Single, she served as the head of 'Equitativa' security company. In 1995 she was elected councillor for her home town of Tavernes de Valldigna, serving as councillor until 2003. In 2000 she was selected as part of the PP list for the Spanish Congress of Deputies for Valencia Province. Placed eleventh on the list, she initially failed to win a seat in March 2000 as the PP won only nine seats. However, two months later, after resignations of three sitting deputies, she joined the Congress as substitute for José María Michavila. For the 2004 election, she was promoted to seventh place on the PP list and was re-elected although she did not stand in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20271557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271557" title="Asian Hockey Federation">
Asian Hockey Federation

The Asian Hockey Federation is the governing body for the sport of field hockey in Asia. It now has 30 member associations. It is affiliated to the International Hockey Federation (FIH). The current president is Sultan Azlan Shah.

</doc>
<doc id="20271564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271564" title="Wild Ocean (film)">
Wild Ocean (film)

Wild Ocean is a 2008 documentary 3D IMAX film about the annual migration of billions of sardines, the sardine run, up the South Africa's KwaZulu-Natal Coast and its human and animal impact.

</doc>
<doc id="20271570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271570" title="Hypertryptophanemia">
Hypertryptophanemia

Hypertryptophanemia, also called familial hypertryptophanemia, is a rare autosomal recessive metabolic disorder that results in a massive buildup of the amino acid tryptophan in the blood, with associated symptoms and tryptophanuria ("-uria" denotes "in the urine").
Elevated levels of tryptophan are also seen in Hartnup disease, a disorder of amino acid transport. However, the increase of tryptophan in that disorder is negligible when compared to that of hypertryptophanemia.
Symptoms.
A number of abnormalities and symptoms have been observed with hypertryptophanemia. 
Musculoskeletal effects include: joint contractures of the elbows and interphalangeal joints of the fingers and thumbs (specifically the distal phalanges), pes planus (fallen arches), an ulnar drift affecting the fingers of both hands (an unusual, yet correctible feature where the fingers slant toward the ulnar side of the forearm), joint pain and laxity, and adduction of the thumbs (where the thumb appears drawn into the palm, related to contracture of the adductor pollicis).
Behavioral, developmental and other anomalies often include: hypersexuality, perceptual hypersensitivity, emotional lability (mood swings), hyperaggressive behavior; hypertelorism (widely-set eyes),
optical strabismus (misalignment) and myopia.
Metabolically, hypertryptophanemia results in tryptophanuria and exhibits significantly elevated serum levels of tryptophan, exceeding 650% of maximum (normal range: 25-73 micromole/l) in some instances. 
A product of the bacterial biosynthesis of tryptophan is indole. The excess of tryptophan in hypertryptophanemia also results in substantial excretion of indoleic acids. These findings suggest a possible congenital defect in the metabolic pathway where tryptophan is converted to kynurenine.
Pathophysiology.
At present, no specific enzyme deficiency nor genetic mutation has been implicated as the cause of hypertryptophanemia. Several known factors regarding tryptophan metabolism and kynurenines, however, may explain the presence of behavioral abnormalities seen with the disorder. 
Tryptophan is an essential amino acid, and is required for protein synthesis. Aside from this crucial role, the remainder of tryptophan is primarily metabolized along the kynurenine pathway in most tissues, including those of the brain and central nervous system.
As the main defect behind hypertryptophanemia is suspected to alter and disrupt the metabolic pathway from tryptophan to kynurenine, a possible correlation between hypertryptophanemia and the known effects of kynurenines on neuronal function, physiology and behavior may be of interest.
One of these kynurenines, aptly named kynurenic acid, serves as a neuroprotectant through its function as an antagonist at both nicotinic and glutamate receptors (responsive to the neurotransmitters nicotine and glutamate, respectively). This action is in opposition to the agonist quinolinic acid, another kynurenine, noted for its potential as a neurotoxin. Quinolinic acid activity has been associated with neurodegenerative disorders such as Huntington's disease, the neuroprective abilities of kynurenic acid forming a counterbalance against this process, and the related excitotoxicity and similar damaging effects on neurons. 
Indoleic acid excretion is another indicator of hypertryptophanemia. Indirectly related to kynurenine metabolism, indole modifies neural function and human behavior by interacting with voltage-dependent sodium channels (integral membrane proteins that form ion channels, allowing vital synaptic action potentials).
Inheritance.
Hypertryptophanemia is believed to be inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. This means a defective gene responsible for the disorder is located on an autosome, and two copies of the defective gene (one inherited from each parent) are required in order to be born with the disorder. The parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive disorder both carry one copy of the defective gene, but usually do not experience any signs or symptoms of the disorder.

</doc>
<doc id="20271627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271627" title="Walter Girg">
Walter Girg

Walter Girg (13 August 1919 – 25 July 2010) was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen SS during World War II and was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.
Girg was born in Hamburg on 13 August 1919. At the start of World War II, he joined the SS and was posted to the SS-Verfügungstruppe(SS Troops-at-disposal or Troops-on-call was formed in 1934 as combat troops for the NSDAP). Girg served in the Balkans (Operation Marita) with SS Panzer Division Das Reich and took part in Operation Barbarossa (the invasion of Soviet Union) in June 1941.
At the end of 1943, he was promoted to Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant). In April 1944, he became a platoon leader in the 1st Company, 502nd SS Jäger Battalion".
In early September 1944, he carried through Operation "Landfried" with his company of 105 men behind enemy lines in the Carpathian mountains in Romania. They were discovered in the Braşov region but were saved from capture by a German artillery barrage which allowed them to escape back to the German lines, during which, however, Girg was wounded. The intelligence that Girg had obtained was instrumental in the continued operations on the Romanian front. For his performance he was promoted to Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) on 16 September 1944 and awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 4 October 1944.
After recovering from his wounds, he was given command of a special unit of the SS-Jagdverband Mitte which operated Russian tanks behind enemy lines in Pomerania.
On 12 March 1945, he operated with his unit in the area of the enemy-encircled Kolberg garrison. The German forces there believed Girg and his men to be "Seydlitz" agents (German soldiers working for the Soviet forces) and they were going to be shot, but the mistake was clarified a short time later. Girg remained in Kolberg until 18 March 1945 when the garrison was evacuated by sea.
On 27 March 1945, Girg was promoted to Hauptsturmführer (Captain) and, upon presenting himself to Adolf Hitler, was awarded the Wound Badge and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves on 1 April 1945.
Girg ended the war as an inspector of training for SS Jäger units.

</doc>
<doc id="20271645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271645" title="Olbia, Libya">
Olbia, Libya

Olbia or Theodorias was a Roman / Byzantine town between Marj and Bayda in the Cyrenaica region of modern Libya. Olbia is now mostly the archaeological site. The location's modern name is Qasr Libya, after the Islamic period castle (Qasr) on the site and Libya or Lebia as a corruption of the ancient name Olbia. 
History.
After destruction by the Vandals and incursions by Laguatan (Lwatae) nomads, it was refounded in 539 CE as Polis Nea Theodorias by the Byzantine empress Theodora.
All that remains of the town are two Byzantine churches. One is integrated into the Qasr, which now houses the Qasr Libya Museum. The other church was excavated by Richard Goodchild in the mid 1950s. Only the floor plan remains, but fifty beautiful mosaic panels depicting the known world and the refoundation and adornment of the city by Theodora are on display in the museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20271660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271660" title="Podlonk">
Podlonk

Podlonk () is a settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20271674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271674" title="SEAT Sport">
SEAT Sport

SEAT Sport is the motorsport division of the Spanish automobile manufacturer SEAT, founded in 1985, succeeding the "SEAT Special Vehicles department" which had been formed in 1971 with the mission to enforce the brand's participation in rally championships, followed by 11 titles between 1979 and 1983. It has competed in rallying and touring car racing, and also develops high performance versions of road cars. The result of this effort has been rewarded through SEAT's most prestigious titles in FIA championships, three conquests with the SEAT Ibiza Kit-Car in the FIA 2L World Rally Championship (WRC) (1996, 1997, 1998) and two times with the SEAT León in the FIA World Touring Car Championship (WTCC) (2008, 2009).
Rallying.
SEAT's first serious attempt at a World Rally Championship (WRC) was back in the 1977 season when SEAT took part with its 'SEAT 1430/124D Especial 1800' race car, and already in its debut rallying event at the Monte Carlo Rally the SEAT team finished in the third and fourth place with the official 1430-1800 cars being driven by Antonio Zanini and Salvador Cañellas. In the recent years the consignment was burdened on the small SEAT Ibiza, a 1.6L normally aspirated front-wheel drive car with its roots in the Volkswagen Polo. The Ibiza allowed the company to start building its rallying experience, and was officially engaged in some European national championships. The years went by and little success followed until a 2L version of the Ibiza was homologated as a kit-car, and extra wide tracks, larger wheels, brakes, etc., were fitted to it as the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) kit-car regulations allow. With these attributes, the car won the 2L World Championship three times ('96, '97, '98). 
SEATs three conquests of the 2L FIA title, and the sport's popularity in Spain, convinced Volkswagen Group management to go further, and allocate sufficient budgets to the SEAT Sport department so as to allow it a chance to reach its goal. SEATs project to build a WRC-spec car was officially announced during the 1997 San Remo rally. It was in 1998 that the SEAT Córdoba WRC was first enrolled by the company to compete at the highest level of WRC racing. The Córdoba was based on the family saloon of the same name but was, naturally, a WRC class car. It had a 4 cylinder turbocharged petrol engine, permanent four-wheel drive, and active differentials were involved in its transmission. However, the short wheelbase and high-mounted engine (compared to its rivals) worked against the Córdoba, and results weren't impressive. The main drivers were ex-WRC champion Didier Auriol, along with Harri Rovanpera and rising Finnish star Toni Gardemeister. They did achieve three podium finishes; at the 1999 Rally New Zealand (Gardemeister), the 1999 Rally of Great Britain (Rovanpera) as well as the 2000 Safari Rally (Auriol). SEAT pulled out of international rallying at the end of 2000.
Touring cars.
In 2002 SEAT Sport set up the SEAT León Supercopa in Spain, a one-make series featuring the SEAT León. This format has since expanded across Europe, with the formation of the SEAT León Eurocup in 2008. In 2003, SEAT began entering the SEAT Toledo Cupra in the European Touring Car Championship (ETCC) with drivers Jordi Gené and Frank Diefenbacher. Former British Touring Car Championship winner Rickard Rydell joined them in 2004, taking their first victory. 
WTCC.
In 2005, the ETCC became the World Touring Car Championship (WTCC). Peter Terting replaced fellow German Diefenbacher. Jason Plato also joined the team for four rounds, and Marc Carol for one round. Later in 2005, the León model made its debut. 
In 2006, Gabriele Tarquini, Yvan Muller and James Thompson joined the team. André Couto, Oscar Nogués and Florian Gruber also raced in one-off rounds.
In 2007, Rydell, Thompson and Terting left the team and were replaced by Michel Jourdain, Jr. and Tiago Monteiro. Terting and Rydell later made one-off appearances for the team, as did Nogués. Towards the end of the season SEAT debuted the TDi diesel version of the León.
In 2008, Jourdain left the team, as the team scaled down from a six-car to a five-car team. Yvan Muller won SEAT's first driver's championship in the WTCC and SEAT also won the manufacturers title.
In 2009, SEAT Sport continued with the same five drivers, with French team Oreca assisting with the operation. Gabriele Tarquini won SEAT's second in-a-row driver's championship in the WTCC and SEAT won the manufacturers title for a second consecutive year.
After winning two consecutive driver's and manufacturers titles, SEAT withdrew from the WTCC at the end of the 2009 season as a manufacturer-backed team. However in January 2010, it was announced that they would provide backing to the newly formed SR-Sport team run by SUNRED Engineering, while also confirming Gabriele Tarquini, Jordi Gene, Tiago Monteiro and Tom Coronel as 2010 drivers, as Yvan Muller departed for the works Chevrolet team.
For 2012, SEAT Announced that they will return to the WTCC Season as a Customer Supply team, SEAT Sport supplied engines in 2012 to the Lukoil Racing Team who run two 1.6T cars driven by veteran SEAT Driver Gabriele Tarquini and Aleksei Dudukalo. They also supplied 1.6T Engines to the Tuenti Racing Team who ran cars for Pepe Oriola and Fernando Monje, Tuenti Racing Team driver Tiago Monteiro ran a SEAT Sport TDI engine for the first weekend but then switched to a 1.6T engine supplied by SUNRED. Special Tuning Racing have run both a 1.6T engine and 2.0 TDI engine both supplied by SEAT Sport, Daryll O'Young has only used the 1.6T engine but Tom Boardman used the 2.0TDI from the start of the season till round 7. SUNRED engineering ran a SEAT Sport 2.0TDI engine at the start of the season in Andrea Barlesi's car but then switched to the SUNRED 1.6T engine from rounds 2-3.
BTCC.
Between 2004 and 2008, SEAT Sport competed in the British Touring Car Championship, under the SEAT Sport UK banner. Jason Plato drove for the team for five years, while Rob Huff, James Pickford, Luke Hines, Darren Turner, James Thompson and WTCC regular Tom Coronel (as a one-off) also competed. Initially the cars were run by RML Group until they began concentrating on the Chevrolet WTCC project. Plato finished as championship runner-up in 2006 and 2007. In 2008 the TDi version was used, but reliability was a problem. Two teams continued to campaign petrol SEATs in the championship during 2009 with Adam Jones and series returnee Dan Eaves competitive for the Cartridge World Clyde Valley team, while Gordon Shedden drove for Clyde Valley for a couple of events before it withdrew, but he returned to drive a Leon for the Club Seat outfit.
In 2010, Tom Boardman drove a petrol SEAT Leon Under the team name Special Tuning UK with sponsorship from Club SEAT. Phil Glew joined Tom in a SEAT for one weekend at Silverstone racing under the team name of YourRacingCar.com but the car was run by Special Tuning UK.
In 2011, Tom Boardman & Dave Newsham drove Petrol SEATs under the team name Special Tuning Racing. Special Tuning Racing where not associated with SEAT Sport or SEAT Sport UK Tom came first in the third race at Knochill.
Models.
Some SEAT models of competition and special sporting versions are

</doc>
<doc id="20271688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271688" title="Kodigehalli">
Kodigehalli

Kodigehalli is a suburb of Bangalore.
Historic temples and modern constructions lean against and interleave each other, here. Many of the residents here are vegetable sellers and auto or cab drivers. There are several government schools here.
Kodigehalli is adjacent to Sahakarnagar on its North Side, where many employees of the government and private sector live.
To the west of the railway station is a road that leads to Tindlu.
To the north west of the railway station is a large ground with a small Hanuman temple, where concerts take place on festival days.
The Kodigehalli bus stop is marked by the Dodda Ganapa Devasthana (a Ganapathi Temple). There are frequent buses to the city centre from there. There is a large colourful slum area to the north west of the railway station and the south east of the Hanuman Temple.
Sthanika Brahmins have a temple and an association here.
To the east of ancient Kodigehalli, is a brand new residential layout called Tatanagar, which is also called I.I.Sc layout. This is because the layout was made by current and ex-employees of I.I.Sc. There is a Padma Bhushan (1998) Dr. V. Rajaraman, a Guinness record holder among others. Tatanagar is also a part of Kodigehalli. To the east of Tatanagar is the area Bhadrappa Layout, on the outer ring road. On the road from Kodigehalli to Tatanagar, there is an Omkareswara Temple and a Ganga Temple.
History.
Bengaluru was first mentioned in records from the Ganga era as a small hamlet, the location of which coincides with modern Halebengaluru near Kodigehalli (not far from Hebbal). It is said that when Kempe Gowda built his new capital town in about 1537,he called it Bengaluru as his mother and wife belonged to the hamlet of Halé Bengaluru (Old Bangalore).
Stone Age weapons belonging to 2000 to 1000 B.C. have been found near Jalahalli, Siddapur, and Gavipura. Jalahalli is very near the Kodigehalli area.
Directorate of Census Operations completed its decadal Census recently. During the Census, the department discovered that Bangalore had human habitation as early as 4,000 B.C (Middle Stone Age), and stone implements were found at Jalahalli, Sudasandra, Siddhapura, and Jadigenahalli belonging to this period. Around 1,000 B.C (Iron Age), burial grounds were established at Koramangala and Chikkajala on the outskirts of Bangalore. In 27 B.C., coins of the Roman emperors Augustus, Tyberious, and Cladius were found at Yeshwantpur and HAL, which indicated the signs of civilisation and Bangalore's trans-oceanic contacts.
Kodigehalli is so called because it was a gift from the king to a resident of that area, who fed him.

</doc>
<doc id="20271691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271691" title="Podporezen">
Podporezen

Podporezen is a small settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20271715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271715" title="Hockey Asian Champions Club Cup">
Hockey Asian Champions Club Cup

The Hockey Asian Champion Clubs Cup is an Asian field hockey tournament governed by Asian Hockey Federation (ASHF). It is introduced in 1991 for champions of hockey clubs in Asia. Champions from 2008 and upon will be representing Asia to the Hockey World Clubs Championship starting 2009 in Barcelona, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="20271719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271719" title="Potok, Železniki">
Potok, Železniki

Potok is a settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20271728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271728" title="Teresa García Sena">
Teresa García Sena

Teresa García Sena (Valencia, Spain, 26 March 1977) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the main opposition People's Party (PP).
Single, García holds a degree in law and served as legal advisor to the cabinet of the Valencian Regional Administration. For the 2008 election, she was placed tenth on the PP list for the Spanish Congress of Deputies for Valencia region where the PP had won eight seats at the previous election. Although the PP gained a seat, García initially failed to be elected. However as first substitute, she entered Congress on 14 October 2008 replacing María José Catalá.

</doc>
<doc id="20271733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271733" title="What's a Girl to Do?">
What's a Girl to Do?

"What's a Girl to Do?" is the follow-up single to the previous Australian hit "Sister" by Australian sisters/band Sister2Sister.
Charts.
In Australia, the single debuted at #10, staying there for two weeks before falling to #11. It then climbed to its peak of #5 and stayed there for 2 weeks, before falling out of and rising back into the top 50. It spent a total of 20 weeks (like its predecessor) in the top 50.
In New Zealand the single debuted at #40 before falling to #44, then peaking at #25 and falling out the next week. It then re-entered two weeks later at #30, then fell out for the last time, bringing its top 50 week total to 4.
In the UK, the single debuted at #61, and fell out the next week.

</doc>
<doc id="20271760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271760" title="Freddy Turner">
Freddy Turner

Frederick 'Freddy' George Turner (18 March 1914 – 12 September 2003) was a South African rugby union international who represented his country in 11 Tests. Sometimes his name is given as "Freddie" Turner.
Turner, a graduate of Grey High School, played three first-class cricket matches for Eastern Province in the 1931/32 Currie Cup season. After exactly ten years out of cricket, while he concentrated on rugby, he returned to the field in January 1942 and made his fourth and last first-class appearance, this time with Transvaal. His only wicket in these matches was Rhodesian Victor Robinson while he failed to impress with the bat.
He played his early rugby at the Crusader RFC and represented both Eastern Province and Transvaal at provincial rugby. On 8 July 1933, Turner became the 232nd Springbok when he made his international debut, against Australia in Cape Town. Aged just 19 at the time, he was also the first South African rugby player to fly to a Test Match after being called up late. He later told friends and family that the biggest challenge that day was finding the airport in Port Elizabeth.
He went on to be capped a further ten times at Test level, including a tour of Australia and New Zealand in 1937. He made his last appearance against the British Isles in 1938 where he scored his fourth and final try. Used mainly on the wing but also at centre and fullback, Turner was handy at kicking goals and managed four conversions and three penalties in his career.

</doc>
<doc id="20271770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271770" title="Prtovč">
Prtovč

Prtovč (in older sources also "Prtovič", ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The church in the settlement is dedicated to the Virgin Mary and was built in 1869 by extending an existing chapel.

</doc>
<doc id="20271776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271776" title="CFE Company">
CFE Company

The CFE Company is a joint venture established by GE Aviation and the Garrett Engine Division of Allied Signal (now Honeywell Aerospace) in June 1987. The company produces the CFE738, a small turbofan engine used on the Dassault Falcon 2000. "CFE" stands for "Commercial Fan Engines".

</doc>
<doc id="20271784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271784" title="Les Bronzés font du ski">
Les Bronzés font du ski

Les Bronzés font du ski ("French Fried Vacation 2") is a classic 1979 French comedy directed by Patrice Leconte.
It is a sequel to "Les Bronzés" (1978), and it was followed by "" (2006).

</doc>
<doc id="20271815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271815" title="Abante">
Abante

Abante is a daily Filipino tabloid publication in the Philippines. Its office is in Manila. Its editor-in-chief is Allen A. Macasaet. During the State of Emergency in 2006, operatives from the Criminal Investigation and Detection Group tried to raid Abante's office but withdrew when they saw that there are television crew in the area.
Currently this is the one of the leading Tagalog-language tabloid paper along with Pilipino Star Ngayon and Bulgar.
Background.
Abante started publish on May 1988, the newspaper was famous by its adult column entitled Xerex Xaviera, which also appeared on its sister paper "Abante Tonite". In 2003, Regal Films release its film based on Xerex story, it was trilogy and starred by sexy star at that time, Aubrey Miles. In mid-2004 "Xerex" stopped publishing columns to give way to a shifting to all-family paper.
References.
abante or sulong is also a daily word used by Filipino which means forward.

</doc>
<doc id="20271831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271831" title="James Gelfand">
James Gelfand

James Gelfand, (born April 3, 1959) is a Canadian jazz pianist, arranger, and composer. He is best known for his film and television scores.
Early life.
Gelfand was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada into a large Jewish family. He is the great-grandson of Jacob Pascal, founder of J. Pascal's Hardware and Furniture. He is married with two children.
He began classical piano training at the age of four. During his teens, Gelfand diverged into jazz and other styles. Performing and competing at jazz festivals throughout North America and Europe, he has won a number of prestigious awards.
Professional career.
Gelfand recorded a number of cross-over albums combining jazz and classical styles. He has performed on over 40 albums, with 8 under his own name. During his earlier career, he established The James Gelfand Trio and The James Gelfand Group.
With his ability to compose in various styles such as techno, orchestral, folk, and jazz, Gelfand began writing score for film and television. He has composed the music for over 30 films and 300 television broadcasts.
Discography.
James Gelfand has contributed piano/keyboard to numerous albums, including:
Film and television.
James Gelfand currently writes score for film and television productions.

</doc>
<doc id="20271835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271835" title="Henri d'Aramitz">
Henri d'Aramitz

Henri, Seigneur d'Aramitz ("Lord of Aramits"; c. 1620–1655 or 1674) was a Gascon "abbé", and black musketeer of the Maison du Roi in 17th century France. In addition, he was the nephew of the Comte de Troisville, captain of the Musketeers of the Guard. Aramitz served as the inspiration for Alexandre Dumas's character "Aramis" in the d'Artagnan Romances.
Life.
Aramitz was born of noble ancestry to Charles d'Aramitz and Catherine d'Espaloungue de Rague in Béarn, France. His father lived in Paris as "maréchal-des-logis" for the Musketeers of the Guard, but upon the death of Henri's grandfather, Abbé Pierre d'Aramitz, Charles returned to Béarn and took over his father's abbacy. His Grandfather was indeed a Huguenot captain, though there is no proof of Henri d'Aramitz being himself a Protestant (he married a devout Catholic). 
Henri d'Aramitz's uncle, the Comte de Troisville, called him to Paris along with his cousins Armand d'Athos and Isaac de Porthau based on their reputation for swordsmanship. On this occasion Aramitz had the chance to meet the Comte d'Artagnan. The "Mémoires de M. d'Artagnan," written by Gatien de Courtilz de Sandras, later served as the basis for Alexandre Dumas's novel "The Three Musketeers". In May 1640 Aramitz joined the Musketeers of the Guard. 
Aramitz married Jeanne de Béarn-Bonnasse on February 16, 1650 and had two sons (Clément and Amant) and one daughter. Following his father's death in 1648, he resigned from the Guard and took over as "abbé" of Béarn. Sources disagree on his date of death, recorded as either 1674 or 1655.

</doc>
<doc id="20271848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271848" title="Mehmunpur">
Mehmunpur

Mehmunpur Rajgan is a village near Jatlan, Mirpur District, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
The village is situated between Jhelum River and the Upper Jhelum Canal,15 km from Mirpur city. 
Demography.
According to 1998 census of Pakistan, its population was 232. There are about 25 houses in and most village residents are the descendants of Raja Kamal Khan. All of the population belongs to the Panwar Sohlan Rajput tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="20271877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271877" title="Tel Tsaf">
Tel Tsaf

Tel Tsaf () is an archaeological site located in the central Jordan Valley, south-east of Beit She'an. It was first tested in 1978–1980 by Ram Gophna of Tel Aviv University. In 2004–2007 a large excavation project was conducted at the site by Yosef Garfinkel of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Tel Tsaf is dated to ca. 5200–4700 BC, sometimes called the Middle Chalcolithic, a little-known period in the archaeology of the Levant, post-dating the Wadi Rabah phase and pre-dating the Ghassulian Chalcolithic phase.
Discoveries.
The excavations unearthed four architectural complexes. Each consists of a closed courtyard with rounded or rectangular rooms and numerous rounded silos. Four burials were found within or adjacent to silos. Outside the settlement a well was cut into the water table, approximately 6.5 m in depth. 
Common finds included numerous flints, pottery and animal bones. The terms “Tel Tsaf Decoration” or “Tsafian” were derived from an assemblage of painted pottery, consisting mainly of relatively elaborate vessels bearing geometric decoration using red and black paint on a white slip background. The decoration was executed in two steps: first, white wash was applied to the upper part of the vessel, while the lower part was covered with red wash. Second, the patterns were painted in continuous horizontal bands on the upper part of the vessel. The painting was executed with a fine brush, in some cases 0.5 mm. 
Other finds included about 150 clay sealings (bullae) and a rich assemblage of imported exotic items including artifacts of basalt and obsidian, beads, sea shells, Nilotic shell, and a few pottery sherds of the Ubaid culture of north Syria. This is the first reported occurrence of Ubaid sherds in an excavation in the southern Levant.
Silos.
The silos are cylindrical, barrel-shaped structures with an outer diameter between 2 and 4 m. The base is a podium, probably built to protect the cereals from rodents. It consists of several courses of bricks sealed inside with lime plaster. The silos demonstrate several universal principles guiding the construction of silos worldwide, past and present: 1. Rounded sides, giving the structure a cylindrical shape. This form better withstands the pressure exerted by the contents, which is distributed evenly onto the sides of the silo and does not create excessive stress at the base or the corners as is the case with a rectilinear shape. 2. Building of a number of silos near one another allows for greater ease of handling than one big installation. This facilitates separation of grain from different years or different crops. In the event of fire, humidity, rodent or insect infestation, some of the stored grain may be spared. 3. Organization of silos in adjacent rows facilitates their arrangement within a confined space. The stability of silo shape over considerable periods of time and large geographical regions provide an outstanding case in human architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="20271889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271889" title="Thrybergh Junction">
Thrybergh Junction

Thrybergh Junction was a junction on the South Yorkshire Railway, Mexborough to Rotherham line situated about 1 mile south of Kilnhurst Central. The junction was originally controlled by a Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway signal box of the earliest design, almost square with a hipped roof built on stilts. The junction was originally known as Thrybergh Hall Junction and served the line to Kilnhurst Colliery, brickworks and another colliery interest at Warren Vale.
On the sinking of Silverwood Colliery this became the junction for the Silverwood Branch, a short curve which joined the Great Central to John Brown's Private Railway, a line which linked the colliery to a riverside boat staithe and John Browns other colliery interests in the Parkgate area.
The M.S.& L.R. signal box was always in a difficult position being built into the bank of the nearby river Don. The box, around 1920, eventually fell backwards into the river and a replacement was sought. This was found in an almost new cabin, from York Road, Doncaster, which was moved and erected on the site.

</doc>
<doc id="20271892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271892" title="Too Many Times (Sister2Sister song)">
Too Many Times (Sister2Sister song)

"Too Many Times" was the third and final single to be released by Australian pop music duo Sister2Sister.
Charts.
The single debuted on the Australian ARIA Charts at #37 before climbing one place the next week to #36, then another the week after to its peak of #35. The single spent two more weeks in the top 50 and left with a week total of 5. Even with part 2 of the single being released several weeks later it still did not manage to climb back into the top 50.

</doc>
<doc id="20271906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271906" title="Dorchester Collection">
Dorchester Collection

Dorchester Collection is a luxury hotel operator owned by the Brunei Investment Agency (BIA), an arm of the Ministry of Finance of Brunei. Dorchester Collection owns and manages 10 luxury five star hotels, The Dorchester, The Beverly Hills Hotel, Plaza Athénée, Hotel Meurice, Principe di Savoia, Hotel Bel-Air, Coworth Park, 45 Park Lane, Le Richemond and Hotel Eden.

</doc>
<doc id="20271909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271909" title="Stiff Gins">
Stiff Gins

Stiff Gins are an Indigenous Australian band from Sydney. They call their music "acoustic with harmonies" and are regularly compared to Tiddas. The band was formed by Emma Donovan, Nardi Simpson and Kaleena Briggs after meeting at the Eora Centre while studying music. The band's name uses the word gin (a derogatory word for Aboriginal woman which was also a Dharug word for woman/wife) with the word stiff to become strong black woman, a name which caused debate about use of the word gin.
The band won Deadlys in 2000 for Most Promising New Talent and in 2001 for Single Release.

</doc>
<doc id="20271912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271912" title="2008–09 Premier Soccer League">
2008–09 Premier Soccer League

The 2008–09 Premier Soccer League season (known as the ABSA Premiership for sponsorship reasons) was the thirteenth since its establishment. Supersport United were the defending champions, having won their first Premier Soccer League title on the final day of the previous season. The campaign began in August 2008, ended in May 2009. A total of 16 teams contested in the league, 14 of which contested in the 2007–08 season, and two of which were have been promoted from the National First Division.
Season summary.
Supersport United defended their title to win their second consecutive Premiership title. Orlando Pirates came close to taking the title in the final game. Both teams were tied at the top of the points table with 55 points each. Supersport United had a greater goal difference with 23 goals over Orlando Pirates's 17 goals.
Bay United were relegated to the National League after finishing at the bottom of the table on 21 points. Thanda Royal Zulu will go into a playoff with teams from the National League to determain if they will retain their place in the PSL or be relegated to the National League after ending 15th on the league table with 33 points.
Bloemfontein Celtic survived relegation on goal difference, ending 14th on the league table with 33 points. They were tied with Thanda Royal Zulu, but their goal difference were greater than that of Thanda Royal Zulu.
Promotion and relegation.
Pre-Season.
Teams promoted from 2007–08 National First Division
Teams relegated to 2008–09 National First Division
Post-Season.
Teams promoted from 2008–09 National First Division
Teams relegated to 2009–10 National First Division
League table.
Updated 10 May 2009:
PSL Awards.
Teko Modise was the biggest winner at the annual Premier Soccer League awards dinner on 24 May 2009 at Gold Reef City Casino, pocketing a whopping R400 000 after he was named Footballer of the Year and Players' Player of the Year.
It was the second time that the Orlando Pirates midfielder bagged the coveted Footballer of the Year honour, following his controversial win last season. This time, however, Modise's brilliance from the unusual left of midfield position helped Pirates mount a championship bid.
Lucas Thwala, who earlier this month was named Pirates' Player of the Season ahead of Modise, was named the Premiership Player of the Year.
Ajax Cape Town's Franklin Cale won the award for the Telkom Knockout Player of the Tournament.
Top goalscorers.
"As of May 23, 2009"

</doc>
<doc id="20271933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271933" title="The Holdfast Chronicles">
The Holdfast Chronicles

The Holdfast Chronicles is a series of books by American feminist science fiction author Suzy McKee Charnas.
The series consists of four books:
Reception.
Salon.com reviewer Polly Shulman declared that "the Holdfast tetralogy offers a fascinating look back at the permutations of the feminist imagination in recent years, and it underlines the ideals and challenges faced by feminists ..."
Awards.
The entire series was inducted into the Gaylactic Spectrum Hall of Fame in 2003.
"Motherlines" and "Walk to the End of the World" won a retrospective James Tiptree, Jr. Award, and "The Conqueror's Child" won the award in 1999.
"The Furies" was nominated for the 1994 Lambda Literary Award for science fiction and fantasy.

</doc>
<doc id="20271940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271940" title="Literature by Galician authors">
Literature by Galician authors

The literature written by Galician authors has been developed in both Galician language literature and Spanish literature. The earliest works written in Galician language are from the early 13th-century "trovadorismo" tradition. In the Middle Ages, "Galego-português" (Galician-Portuguese) was a language of culture, poetry (troubadours) and religion throughout not only Galicia and Portugal but also Castile.
After the separation of Portuguese and Galician, Galician was considered provincial and was not widely used for literary or academic purposes. It was with the "Rexurdimento" ("Rebirth"), in the mid-19th century that Galician was used again in literature, and then in politics.
Authors.
Main Authors in Galician.
"For a more extensive list of Galician language writers, see Día das Letras Galegas"

</doc>
<doc id="20271954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271954" title="Local Knowledge (band)">
Local Knowledge (band)

Local Knowledge were an Indigenous hip-hop group from Newcastle, New South Wales.They were formed in 2002 by brothers Abie and Wok Wright and Joel Wenitong with DJ Jay Tee joining later. They disbanded in 2006. After the breakup Joel, his sister Naomi from Shakaya and DJ Jay Tee formed The Last Kinection while Abie and Wok have formed Street Warriors.
Local Knowledge won a Deadly Award in 2005 for Band of the Year and a Musicoz award for Indigenous Band of the Year. They played a live set for TripleJ's Live at the Wireless show, becoming the first indigenous hip hop group to do so and were the subjects of a SBS TV documentary "Local Knowledge: The Message". Their song Blackfellas was on high rotation on TripleJ.

</doc>
<doc id="20271958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20271958" title="Half-pay">
Half-pay

In the British Army and Royal Navy of the 18th, 19th and early 20th centuries, half-pay referred to the pay or allowance an officer received when in retirement or not in actual service.
The novels of the Horatio Hornblower series, taking place in the Royal Navy during the Napoleonic Wars, include numerous references to the protagonist and his fellow naval officers' fear of being retired and "stranded ashore on half-pay", which they consider as their worst nightmare.

</doc>
<doc id="20272000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272000" title="Tel Ali">
Tel Ali

Tel Ali is an archaeological site located one mile south of the Sea of Galilee, in the central Jordan Valley, Israel. It has been excavated twice. First, during the years 1955–1959, Moshe Prausnitz conducted salvage excavations on behalf of the Israel Department of Antiquities. He published only preliminary reports and most of the excavation finds remained unstudied. Prausnitz uncovered a detailed sequence of occupation including: Pre-Pottery Neolithic B, Pre-Pottery Neolithic C, Pottery Neolithic B (Wadi Rabah), Middle Chalcolithic (Beth-Shean XVIII) and Late Chalcolithic (Ghassulian). However, at the time of excavation many of these phases had not yet been defined.
The picture at Tel Ali became clearer only after Yosef Garfinkel's excavations in 1989–1990. Two excavation areas were opened and were uncovered. Tel Ali contributes to the understanding of the Neolithic and Chalcolithic periods in a variety of ways:

</doc>
<doc id="20272003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272003" title="Papyrus 117">
Papyrus 117

Papyrus 117 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by siglum formula_1117, is a copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Second Epistle to the Corinthians. The surviving texts of 2 Corinthians are verses 7:6-8,9-11, they are in a fragmentary condition.
The text is written in one column per page, in 11 lines per page.
The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned by the INTF to the 4th-century (or 5th-century).
The codex currently is housed at the library of the University of Hamburg at Hamburg with the shelf number Inv. NS 1002. 

</doc>
<doc id="20272007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272007" title="Herederos">
Herederos

Herederos is a Spanish television series which has been airing since September 25, 2007.
Cast.
Concha Velasco as Carmen Orozco
Mar Regueras as Julia Orozco
Ginés García Millán as Bernardo Sánchez
Félix Gómez as Jacobo García Orozco
Lidia Navarro as Verónica García Orozco
Iker Lastra as Nino Moro Galán
Petra Martínez as Teresa Galán
Cristina Brondo as Cecilia Paniagua
Joaquín Hinojosa as Salvador Expósito
Álvaro de Luna as Antonio Moro
Cristina Castaño as Rocío Urquijo
Irene Montalà as Mónica
Asier Etxeandia as Gorka
Conchita Goyanes as Carlota
References.
Official Web Site [http://www.rtve.es/television/herederos/]

</doc>
<doc id="20272044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272044" title="Thomas Wentworth (British Army officer)">
Thomas Wentworth (British Army officer)

Lieutenant-General Thomas Wentworth (died 1747) was a British Army commander of the early 18th century. 
Career.
He became commander of the land troops in the amphibious expedition against Cartagena de Indias following the deaths of the original commander, Lord Cathcart, and his second-in-command, General Spotswood, during the War of Jenkins' Ear. He and his troops arrived there in 1741 in a fleet led by Rear-Admiral Sir Chaloner Ogle to reinforce Vice-admiral Edward Vernon, but the British forces still failed to take the town and the land forces suffered catastrophic losses of nearly ninety percent over the course of two years campaigning, mostly from disease.
He was an M.P. for Whitchurch in 1743, and voted with the Administration in 1744, then served in Flanders. 
In 1745, he was with George Wade, during the Jacobite rising of 1745. 
He did not vote on the Hanoverians in 1746; he died in November 1747.

</doc>
<doc id="20272068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272068" title="James Paton (mayor)">
James Paton (mayor)

James Paton (June 5, 1853 – September 16, 1953) was a Scottish-born merchant and political figure in Prince Edward Island, Canada. He was 14th mayor of Charlottetown from 1906 to 1908.
Patton was born in Paisley, the son of Alexander Paton, who was involved in the design and manufacture of shawls there, and Elizabeth McKechnie. After completing his education, Paton was employed in a goods and drapery business there for six years. He then came to Charlottetown, where he worked for a time for a dry goods merchant. Paton then joined the firm of Weeks and Findlay, going on to become a partner with Mr. Weeks and later sole owner of the business. In 1880, he married Eva Melcora Auderson. He married Florence Gertrude Brown in 1887 following the death of his first wife. Paton was also vice-president of the Canadian Retail Furniture Dealers' Association and of the Union of Canadian Municipalities. He was an unsuccessful candidate for a seat in the provincial assembly in the 1900 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20272071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272071" title="Mario Sarto">
Mario Sarto

Mario Sarto (October 13, 1885– September 13, 1955) was an important sculptor of religious and commemorative art, renowned for the vast statuary present in the Monumental Cemetery of Bologna.
Many of his statues are also located in the main squares of Italian cities, among which Codigoro, Ferrara, Bologna, with representations of patron saints and heroic figures of the two World Wars.
Grandnephew of Giuseppe Melchiorre Sarto, Saint Pius X, he attended the Academy of Fine Arts of Brera in Milan, then opened his own studio in Bologna, where he lived and worked for the rest of his life.

</doc>
<doc id="20272080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272080" title="Uncial 0201">
Uncial 0201

Uncial 0201 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 5th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the First Epistle to the Corinthians 12:2-3,6-13; 14:20-29, on two parchment leaves (15 cm by 15 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 19 lines per page, in very large uncial letters.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II.
In 1 Corinthians 12:9 it reads χαρισματα ιαματων εν τω αυτω πνευματι (along with א C3 D G K P 88 181 330 451 614 629 1241 1877 1962 1984 1985 2127 2492 2495 Byz Lect), NA27 reads χαρισματα ιαματων εν τω ενι πνευματι (like A B 33 81 104 436 630 1881 it vg).
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Ernst von Dobschütz.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th century.
It is cited in the Novum Testamentum Graece (NA26, NA27, NA28).
The codex currently is housed at the British Library (Pap. 2040) in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20272084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272084" title="One (Sister2Sister album)">
One (Sister2Sister album)

One is the debut and only album released by Australian pop music duo Sister2Sister.
Charts.
In Australia, the album debuted at its peak of #3, then fell down the charts, first to #11, then #17, #18, #26, and eventually left the top 50 at #39. Three weeks later, it re-entered for its last week in the top 50 at #48.
In New Zealand, the album debuted at #38, then climbed to #27, and fell out, never to re-enter the top 50.

</doc>
<doc id="20272098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272098" title="Henry Lau (fashion designer)">
Henry Lau (fashion designer)

Henry Lau (劉志華) (b. May 10, 1973 in Hong Kong) is a Chinese fashion designer. He has a chain of retail shops called Spy Henry Lau.
History.
Lau began to design clothing while he was a student at Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 1992. He received his Bachelor of Arts in Fashion Design in 1995. Lau participated in costume creation and image design for different local singers and celebrities such as Leslie Cheung, Anita Mui, Jay Chow, Hacken Lee, etc.
In 1996, Lau joined a fashion house and created trendy high fashion for Japan and South East Asia. The next year, he opened his own studio.
Lau opened his first shop, Spy Theatre, at the Rise commercial building in Tsim Sha Tsui in 1998. Spy Theatre's mission is to provide fashion to young and trendy people. In March 1998, Lau presented his first in-house fashion show. Not only was it successful, but Lau also made the Rise commercial building another trendy shopping center for the fashion conscious in Hong Kong. In October 1998, Lau hosted his Autumn/Winter Collection, entitled "Spy at Sea", in Central. This afternoon fashion show was held on the street, and pedestrians were part of the show.
In July 1999, Lau presented his latest collection in "Hong Kong Fashion Flash Show for Spring/Summer 2000" for "Hong Kong Fashion Week". This collection successfully attracted a buyer, Joyce Boutique, who developed the "Shen" label now available at Joyce Boutique. In October, Lau was invited by Nokia to design 20 sets for their products. In the next year, Lau would design costumes for cable TV hosts, especially for their millennium show.
Lau held a house show in "HK Fashion Week" in January 2000. His collection was described as "the most picture-perfect show of the week" by the Hong Kong and Singapore media. In March, Lau was invited by "Beijing Fashion Week" to present his latest Spring/Summer collection. In May 2000, Lau designed 30 showpieces for the worldwide diamond company Debeers. In early June, Lau was invited by Singapore Motorola to present his latest collection with their new phone promotion campaign. In September, Lau opened his second shop in Causeway Bay, which featured a more delicate design collection.
In 2001 Lau opened his third shop in Causeway Bay as a couture house, and started he first consignment crossover with the new concept store A02. The next year, he designed four sets of costumes for Cantonese pop queen Anita Mui's 2002 concert, and started to sell his collection in Shanghai.
Lau was invited by popular singer Hacken Lee to design her entire wardrobe for the music awards in 2003. The same year, Lau was a costume designer for Hacken’s concerts. In March, Lau was invited to hold a fashion show in Beijing. In May, he was invited to hold a fashion show in Sydney, sponsored by "Australian Fashion Week". His collection impressed many foreign buyers, as a result of selling his collection to trendy stores like “acurmen” in Sydney, and Villa Moda in Kuwait and Dubai. In October, Lau's first franchised shop opened in Beijing, attracting many stars and singers as his customers.
In January 2004, Lau was invited by a local magazine, "Zip", to hold a fashion show for HK Fashion Week. This collection would help Lau successfully open a new market, India, in which Dubai company Villa Moda has placed over a million after Lau's successful collections in Dubai and Kuwait. Just one week after the fashion show, Lau again designed costumes for a Hacken Lee concert. His costumes impressed the press and audience, and the newspaper quoted, "Hacken was wearing an art piece more than a costume..."

</doc>
<doc id="20272128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272128" title="Bell Awards">
Bell Awards

Bell Awards may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20272167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272167" title="Ravne, Železniki">
Ravne, Železniki

Ravne is a small settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20272169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272169" title="City remembrancer">
City remembrancer

The Remembrancer is one of the City of London’s Chief Officers and the role dates back to 1571. His traditional role is as the channel of communications between the Lord Mayor and the City of London on the one hand and the Sovereign, Royal Household and Parliament on the other. The Remembrancer is also the City's Ceremonial Officer and Chief of Protocol.
The Remembrancer’s department at the City of London is broken into three distinct branches of work - parliamentary, ceremonial and private events. The parliamentary office is responsible for looking after the City of London's interests in Parliament with regard to all public legislation, while the ceremonial office’s objectives are to enable the Lord Mayor and City of London to welcome high profile visitors both domestically and internationally. Functions staged range from small receptions to major state dinners. Finally, the private events team co-ordinate the hiring of the Guildhall for private banquets, receptions or conferences.
The current Remembrancer is Paul Double. He joined the City of London from the Bar and earlier government service. His recent work in Parliament has centred on the legislation to implement the changes to the City's electoral system.
Criticism.
In an opinion piece in The Guardian Newspaper, George Monbiot made the following criticism:
This criticism is from an article where the wider context is the medieval and unreformed nature of The Corporation of The City of London, where the remembrancer is included as one of its anachronisms.
The City in general, and the Remembrancer in particular, have no power to overrule parliament, which has the right to make legislation affecting the City if it wishes. For example, the City needed to request a private Act of Parliament in 2002 to modernise its system of local elections; an Act which inter alia notes that "The objects of this Act cannot be attained without the authority of Parliament".
Avaaz protest.
The global civic organization Avaaz launched a campaign for the abolition of the post of City Remembrancer in March 2013. They claimed the post gave privileged access to parliament for the bankers of the city of London. Their campaign was entitled "Kick bankers out of parliament". 

</doc>
<doc id="20272170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272170" title="Uncial 0204">
Uncial 0204

Uncial 0204 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek-Coptic diglot uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 7th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Gospel of Matthew 24:39-42,44-48 (Coptic 24:30-33,35-37), on one parchment leaf (25 cm by 21 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 26 lines per page, in very large uncial letters. The Coptic part is written in Fayumic dialect.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th century.
The Coptic text was examined by Walter Ewing Crum in 1905 (as P. Lond. Copt. 500). 
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Ernst von Dobschütz in 1933.
The codex currently is housed at the British Library (Gr. 4923 (2)) in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20272267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272267" title="María Martorell">
María Martorell

María Martorell Pallás (Valencia, Spain, 28 March 1942) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the People's Party (PP).
Martorell holds a doctorate in philosophy. She works as a Professor in the faculty of philosophy in the University of Valencia. Politically she served as Director General of University teaching and research in the Valencian regional administration. In March 2000 she was elected to the Spanish Congress of Deputies representing Valencia region but resigned just two months later after being named Minister for the Environment. She has also published a number of books and academic works in the education sphere.
Personal life.
She is divorced with two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="20272276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272276" title="Armand d'Athos">
Armand d'Athos

Armand, Seigneur de Sillègue, d'Athos, et d'Autevielle ("Lord of Sillègue, Athos, and Autevielle"), better known as Armand d'Athos (c. 1615 – December 21, 1643), was a Gascon black musketeer of the Maison du Roi in 17th century France. Athos was the first cousin once removed to the Comte de Troisville and first cousin of Isaac de Porthau, and with Henri d'Aramitz and the latter formed the "three brothers". He served as the inspiration for Alexandre Dumas's character of the same name in the d'Artagnan Romances.
Life.
Perhaps a nobleman, Athos was born in Béarn, France around 1615 to Seigneur Adrien de Sillègue d'Athos d'Autevielle de Cassaber and the sister of the Comte de Troisville.
According to the "Mémoires" of the Comte d'Artagnan, d'Artagnan saved Athos's life at the Pré aux Clercs. After joining the Musketeers of the Guard in 1640, Athos maintained his friendship with d'Artagnan.
Athos was killed in combat on December 21, 1643, and was buried at the Pré aux Clercs near Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20272333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272333" title="Eddie Mearns">
Eddie Mearns

Edward Joseph Mearns (born 29 March 1989 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays for Bonnyrigg Rose
Dundee signed the youngster from Heart of Midlothian in the summer of 2008. He played in only four matches before being released by Jocky Scott on 3 February 2009. Mearns played 90 minutes in Berwick's 2–1 victory over Stenhousemuir on 21 February, . Mearns then signed for junior side Bonnyrigg Rose at the start of the 2009–10 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20272335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272335" title="Kingman High School">
Kingman High School

Kingman High School could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20272360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272360" title="Max Price">
Max Price

Max Price is the vice-chancellor and principal of the University of Cape Town in South Africa. He was installed as vice-chancellor on 19 August 2008, replacing Njabulo Ndebele. He is a qualified medical doctor and was previously Dean of the Faculty of Health Sciences at the University of the Witwatersrand.
Price has an MBBCh degree from the University of the Witwatersrand which he obtained in 1979; a BA (Hons) PPE (Oxon 1983); an M.Sc in Community Health from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine; and a Diploma in Occupational Health from the University of the Witwatersrand.

</doc>
<doc id="20272363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272363" title="AR-A000002">
AR-A000002

AR-A000002 is a drug which is one of the first compounds developed to act as a selective antagonist for the serotonin receptor 5-HT1B, with approximately 10x selectivity for 5-HT1B over the closely related 5-HT1D receptor. It has been shown to produce sustained increases in levels of serotonin in the brain, and has anxiolytic effects in animal studies.

</doc>
<doc id="20272392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272392" title="Uncial 0206">
Uncial 0206

Uncial 0206 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 4th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the First Epistle of Peter 5:5-13, on one parchment leaf (14 cm by 10 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 8 lines per page, in very large uncial letters.
The text-type of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 4th century. Pasquale Orsini dated it to the second half of the 4th century.
The manuscript was found in Oxyrhynchos by B. P. Grenfell and A. S. Hunt. They were published description of its text.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Ernst von Dobschütz in 1933.
The codex currently is housed at the United Theological Seminary (P. Oxy. 1353) in Dayton.

</doc>
<doc id="20272396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272396" title="HMQS Otter">
HMQS Otter

HMQS "Otter" was a patrol vessel that served with the Queensland Maritime Defence Force and Commonwealth Naval Forces. She was subsequently requisitioned by the Royal Australian Navy in both world wars.
Construction and design.
Built by Ramage & Ferguson, "Otter" was launched on 19 July 1884. Originally designed as a tug, during its construction, the ship was purchased by the Queensland Maritime Defence Force and was converted for military service. She was fitted with a single 5-inch gun allowing her to operate as an auxiliary. Displacing 220 tons, she was capable of and was armed with one 5-inch gun, which was later replaced by a 64-pounder. 
Service history.
Following the Jervois-Scratchley reports the colonial governments of Australia restructured their defence forces. This process led to the formation of the Queensland Maritime Defence Force. To equip the new force the colonial government initially ordered two gunboats and a torpedo boat. As an interim measure as well as to supplement the purpose built warships it was decided that other ships already under construction be modified for military use. "Otter" was one of the ships chosen and in military service she performed tender duties as well as conducting patrols. Following Federation she was transferred to the Commonwealth but served only until 1906 when she was paid off. 
During World War I, "Otter" was requisitioned from its civilian owner by the Royal Australian Navy and served as an examination vessel. Following the conclusion of hostilities, she was returned to her previous owner. In World War II, "Otter" again served as an examination vessel but only until December 1940. "Otter" was returned to private operations on Moreton Bay, and was scrapped in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="20272404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272404" title="Yu Hui Tseng">
Yu Hui Tseng

Master Yu Hui Tseng is a Gongfu tea ceremony master. She is among the ten most recognised masters today, and the only female
Born in a family of ancestors of Zengzi, Yu Hui Tseng started studying the piano aged four, and later took on the clarinet at a professional level, earning a first prize of Taiwan at 17. In parallel, she studied the Gongfu tea ceremony with Master Zhang Tia Fu.
In 1995, she opened the "Maison des Trois Thés" in Paris (1 rue Saint-Médard).

</doc>
<doc id="20272447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272447" title="2000 Cincinnati Masters">
2000 Cincinnati Masters

The 2000 Cincinnati Masters was the 99th edition of the tournament previously known as the "Great American Insurance ATP Championships", and was part of the Tennis Masters Series of the 2000 ATP Tour. It took place in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, from August 7 through August 14 2000.
The tournament had previously appeared on the Tier III of the WTA Tour but no event was held from 1989 to 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20272453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272453" title="Kate Michaels">
Kate Michaels

Kate Michaels (born Kathleen Rebecca Hall) is an American singer and actor specializing in big band/swing and musical theater.
Biography.
Kate Michaels is from Yuba City, one of the northernmost towns in the California Central Valley. Her mother, Janet Davis Mahan, was a high school teacher from the Sutter Buttes region and part of the Davis family receiving a portion of the original land grant made by John Sutter to the Davis family for helping to settle California. Her father, Edward Proper Hall, was a dentist and died from cancer before the age of 30. Edward was the great-grandson of Edward Proper, known for having developed a strain of wheat which carries his name, Proper wheat.
Michaels grew up in a musical family. Edward Hall had a background as a classical pianist and all of the family sang and played different instruments. Her great-uncle, Hedley Hall, was a colorful vaudeville player and local radio personality. Her primary influences have been folk, musical theater, swing and jazz. Michaels, who was raised in California, has lived in Singapore, Austria and Germany; she currently lives in Basel, Switzerland.
Professional career.
Early in her career, Michaels appeared in both leading and supporting roles for many stage, musical and concert productions in the San Francisco, Sacramento, Napa Valley and Los Angeles areas. After receiving the Irma Cooper scholarship for the American Institute of Musical Studies in Graz, Austria, Michaels moved to Bremen, Germany for a role in the world premiere of the German operetta, "Himmelrand" with Opera Piccola. Shortly thereafter, Michaels joined the original Swiss cast of Andrew Lloyd Webber's "The Phantom of the Opera" with the British production company, Really Useful Group in Basel, Switzerland.
In 1998 Michaels sang for the UK tour of the Australian-American poetic piece, Walking the Dog, produced by Walking the Dog Theater Company, New York. Soon after her first album, "Just Marilyn", was produced. Her second recording, "The Best Things in Life", a jazz recording with German jazz trio The Red Thread was released in 2007.
As an educator and consultant Michaels has given workshops and seminars as well as taught for the following institutions and programs: University of Berkeley extension program SF,
St. Mary’s College of California,
The American Conservatory Theater,
The New Conservatory Theater,
Basel Jazz School,
Bern Jazz School,
Zürich Theater and Dance School. She has also been published in "Classical Singer Magazine" and various newsletters.
Musical styles and projects.
Michaels has been described as “Enchanting, charming and delightful” (JJ Murry-Leach, Decca Records) and been widely praised for her vocal talent and her emotional and witty interpretations. Focusing on big band songs from the Great American Songbook, "Just Marilyn" reaches into the big band era and builds on the glamor of Marilyn Monroe. All the songs from Just Marilyn recorded by Michaels were sung at some point by film icon and legend Marilyn Monroe. When asked “Why Marilyn?” Kate said in an interview that there’s more to Marilyn than "Happy Birthday, Mr. President", light comedies and the white dress. “She was one of the first women to take control of her own career and beat the studio heads at their own game. Marilyn was not one dimensional but I think that's how she is often viewed, unfortunately.”
The concept for her second album, "The Best Things in Life", came after hearing a recording of Jo Stafford singing The Best Things in Life are Free. Interested in the work of Jamie Cullum and Stacey Kent, Michaels put together newer jazz versions of standard songs from the Great American Songbook with the German jazz trio, The Red Thread.
Currently.
Michaels performs as a soloist and with the shows "Swinging the Marilyn Monroe Songbook", "Big Band Sizzle", "Gossip, Glitter & Glam" as well as musicals and concerts with The Red Thread and various big bands in France, Germany, Switzerland, Australia, Spain, Norway, England and New Zealand. Michaels appears as the featured performer for festivals, charity events, and performances which have also featured well-known singers and entertainers such as German folk singer Roberto Blanco.

</doc>
<doc id="20272456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272456" title="Rudno, Železniki">
Rudno, Železniki

Rudno () is a village in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. The town has 226 inhabitants (2002)

</doc>
<doc id="20272458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272458" title="George Wright (governor)">
George Wright (governor)

George Wright (December 29, 1779 – March 13, 1842) was a businessman, judge and political figure in Prince Edward Island. He served as colonial administrator for the colony in 1825, in 1834, from 1835 to 1836, in 1837 and in 1841.
He was born in Charlottetown, the son of Susanna Turner and Thomas Wright, who became in 1773 the first surveyor general of St. John's Island. Wright worked for his father for several years as deputy surveyor. On December 28, 1807 he married Phebe Cambridge, the daughter of merchant John Cambridge. In the following year, he went into business with his father-in-law and a brother-in-law. From 1810 to 1811, he served as high sheriff. In 1813, when the partnership dissolved, he became owner of a brewery and mills near Charlottetown. Wright served in the militia during the War of 1812, reaching the rank of lieutenant-colonel. He was named to the province's Council in 1813. In 1828, he was named assistant judge in the province's Supreme Court and also became surveyor general. Wright helped establish the Central Agricultural Society and served as its president. He died in Charlottetown at the age of 62.
His son George also served as surveyor general for Prince Edward Island.

</doc>
<doc id="20272472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272472" title="Camelford water pollution incident">
Camelford water pollution incident

The Camelford water pollution incident involved the accidental contamination of the drinking water supply to the town of Camelford, Cornwall, England with 20 tonnes of aluminium sulphate in July 1988, raising the concentration to 3,000 times the admissible level. As the aluminium sulphate broke down it produced several tonnes of sulphuric acid which "stripped a cocktail of chemicals from the pipe networks as well as lead and copper piping in people’s homes." Many people who came into contact with the contaminated water experienced a range of short-term health effects, and many victims suffered long-term effects whose implications remained unclear . There has been no rigorous examination or monitoring of the health of the victims since the incident, which is Britain's worst mass poisoning event. Inquests on people who died many years later found very high levels of aluminium in the brain.
Immediately after the contamination the authorities said that the water was safe to drink, possibly with juice to cover the unpleasant taste. In an inquest in 2012 into the death of one of the victims, the coroner stated that South West Water Authority had been "gambling with as many as 20,000 lives" when they failed to inform the public about the poisoning for 16 days, a delay he called unacceptable. In the aftermath of the contamination the public were reassured that there was no risk to health. There were allegations of a cover-up and West Somerset Coroner Michael Rose stated: "I found there was a deliberate policy to not advise the public of the true nature until some 16 days after the occurrence of the incident." Following an investigation by the government's Committee on Toxicity of Chemicals in Food, Consumer Products and the Environment, Michael Meacher, the former Environment Minister, claimed that "various associated bodies tried to bury the inquiry from the start." Meacher told one newspaper: "This has become a tug of war between the truth and an attempt to silence the truth."
Cause.
On 6 July 1988 John Stephens, a relief tanker driver working for Bristol-based distribution firm ISC, arrived at Lowermoor Water Treatment Works on Bodmin Moor and found it unmanned. Being unfamiliar with the location, he had been given a key by another driver and told simply that "once inside the gate, the aluminium sulphate tank is on the left". However, the key fitted almost every lock used by the South West Water Authority (SWWA). After twenty minutes looking for the correct tank he tried the key on a manhole cover and when it unlocked believed he had accessed the correct tank. He poured the load of 20 tonnes of aluminium sulphate, used to remove solid particles from cloudy water, into the tank, which actually held treated water prior to distribution to the consumers in Camelford. This immediately contaminated the water supply to 20,000 local people and up to 10,000 tourists. The maximum recorded aluminium concentration was 620,000 micrograms per litre compared with the maximum concentration admissible at the time by the European Community of 200 micrograms per litre.
Response.
For several days the water authority insisted the water was safe, and should be mixed with orange juice to disguise the taste of the as yet unknown contaminant. One customer who telephoned the authority the day after the contamination was told "there had been some acidity, but the water was perfectly safe to drink," and was no more harmful than lemon juice. On 14 July 1988 the authority sent a circular letter to all customers "asserting that the water from the treatment works was of the right alkalinity and was safe to use and drink." Within two days, the authority suspected the source of the contamination was the erroneous delivery, which was confirmed on 12 July when the driver was asked to return to the treatment works. However, it was not until ten days later on 22 July that the authority's chairman Keith Court authorised a public notice, containing the first mention of the aluminium sulphate, to be published in the sports section of a local newspaper, the "Western Morning News". Stephens stated that after the site meeting where he confirmed he had delivered the chemical to the wrong tank he was told by the authority "not to mention it to anyone else". The SWWA district manager, John Lewis, said they had realised within 48 hours that aluminium sulphate was the likely cause of the contamination, but Lewis said he had been instructed by Leslie Nicks, the head of operations, not to tell the public.
Douglas Cross, a consultant biologist based in Camelford, tested the water and found that it contained "not only aluminium sulphate but other noxious substances, too. As the acidic liquid travelled from the plant into people's homes, it corroded the copper pipes and their soldered joints, made of zinc and lead." Official advice to boil the water before drinking was, according to Cross, "dangerous advice because it concentrates the contaminants. They kept flushing the pipes out for months after the incident. This will have stirred up debris in the bends and only have lengthened the amount of time the water was coming through the taps with all sorts of metals in it."
60,000 salmon and trout were killed in the Camel and Allen rivers during the flushing out process. The contamination was compounded by the failure of the authority to carry out the required six-monthly cleaning of the tank, which had not been cleaned for three years leading to a build up of sludge.
A month after the contamination, Michael Waring at the Department of Health (DH) wrote to every doctor in Cornwall saying that, "although he had no detailed information on what exactly was in the water or how much people might have drunk, he could assure them that no lasting ill effects would result." GK Matthews, a senior toxicologist at the DH, suggested a team of medical experts should be sent to the area immediately but a month later said he had been "overruled". The National Union of Public Employees said that the procedure by which the driver had access to the site was common through the region and that they believed this was connected with reduced staffing levels and privatisation plans. They added that they were concerned about the three-week delay in reporting what had happened, and that SWWA district manager John Lewis had been "instructed at a very high level to say nothing". Lewis (not a member of the union) had been dismissed; the union said "To single him out is unfair".
Reports and inquiries.
In August 1988 a highly critical report by Dr John Lawrence, a senior ICI scientist and non-executive member of the water authority, blamed lax procedures. He also criticised communication failures which kept information from the public.
Lowermoor Incident Health Advisory Group report.
The Lowermoor Incident Health Advisory Group (LIHAG) was set up in January 1989 to provide expert advice to the Cornwall and Isles of Scilly District Health Authority on the health implications for the population of the Camelford area. In 1989 the LIHAG reported that there was no convincing evidence of a harmful build-up of aluminium and that there was no increase in ill health from poisoned water. A further enquiry by the same group in 1991 acknowledged the affair had caused "real suffering" in the community. However, Dame Barbara Clayton concluded that this was because of sensational reporting of the incident. She stated that "In our judgment it is likely that these symptoms would have occurred in the normal course of events," and the symptoms were wrongly attributed to the contamination because of "inaccurate and exaggerated" claims of health damage by scientists and the news media. When the Clayton report was released in July 1989, it caused "outrage in Camelford and wide disbelief in the scientific community." One section was later amended to read "alarming statements by "pseudo-"scientists" rather than "...by "some" scientists".
COT Lowermoor Subgroup report.
In June 2000 Environment minister Michael Meacher announced that there would not be an independent public inquiry, and declared "All the facts are fully known and there is no reason to believe that a public inquiry could add to that." In November 2000 the Environmental Law Centre [http://www.elc.org.uk/pages/home.htm] prepared a petition to the European Parliament calling for a Brussels-based inquiry. On 14 August 2001 the government announced that an investigation – although not a full public inquiry – into the incident would take place. The investigation was to be undertaken by the newly formed Lowermoor Subgroup (LSG) consisting of scientific and health experts and local resident representatives, chaired by Frank Woods, a professor of medicine at the University of Sheffield. Woods was also the head of the government's Committee on Toxicity of Chemicals in Food, Consumer Products and the Environment (COT), of which the Lowermoor team was a subgroup. Its remit was to advise on whether the incident had caused, or was expected to cause, long-term harm to human health and examine whether the existing programme of monitoring and research into the human health effects was sufficient
The report, published on 26 January 2005, was inconclusive, saying that the long-term health effects on the population were still unknown and that there was insufficient scientific information available to determine whether the health problems being experienced were caused by the contamination. Woods called for further studies and said: "We will be putting the strongest possible case to the minister. I believe carrying out that work is important, it is not something which should be dropped and pushed aside." The following year, Meacher made several criticisms of the group:
Two members of the LSG committee claimed in December 2007 that the DoH had known from the start that some people were at especially high risk from aluminium poisoning but deliberately suppressed this evidence to protect the government's plans for water privatisation.
Health effects.
Short-term.
A diverse array of short term health effects was reported by members of the public who either drank the contaminated water or came into contact with it while bathing. These included:
Long-term.
A 1999 report in the "British Medical Journal" concluded that some victims had suffered "considerable damage" to their brain function. This contradicted the 1991 LIHAG report telling residents that their symptoms were due to anxiety. The study was led by a consultant nephrologist at John Radcliffe Hospital, Oxford, and was the first large-scale clinical study of the affected residents. The report stated that their symptoms were similar to those of Alzheimer's disease, which has also been linked with large quantities of aluminium accumulating in the brain. Rejecting the findings of the LIG, the report called for further research to determine the longer term prognosis for the affected individuals and led to fresh calls for a public inquiry into the pollution incident. Although the study was carried out in 1991, its publication was delayed by the ongoing litigation between SWWA and the victims.
Victims have reported:
Seven months after the contamination, one victim underwent a bone biopsy which "found a ring of aluminium like the rings you see in trees" that could not have resulted from normal aluminium absorption.
Later deaths of victims.
The husband of Carol Cross, who died of a rare form of dementia in 2004, said in 2006 that he believed that his wife and twenty other people had died as a result of the disaster, and that more cases were emerging.
Victim Sarah Sillifant, who was in her twenties when she was exposed, hanged herself in 2005 after suffering dementia and other symptoms similar to those experienced by Carol Cross. In June 2007, Irene Neal, who lived in Rock, near Camelford at the time of the incident, died aged 91. A post-mortem found an "unacceptable amount of aluminium in the brain".
Carol Cross.
In 2006 a post-mortem inquest into the death of Carol Cross at age 58, who was exposed to the contaminated drinking water aged 44, showed that her brain contained 23 micrograms of aluminium per gram of brain, compared to the normal brain levels of 0–2 micrograms per gram. Her death was caused by a form of early-onset beta amyloid angiopathy, a cerebro-vascular disease usually associated with Alzheimer's, which could be connected to the abnormally high level of aluminium in her brain. Michael Rose, the West Somerset Coroner, said of the findings: "Further research will be needed before the significance of the elevated brain aluminium concentration in this case can be clarified. A scientific report on the case has been submitted for publication." Daniel Perl, of New York's Mount Sinai School of Medicine said: "If additional similar cases were to appear among the 20,000 exposed individuals then the implications of this incident would become extremely important. Only time will tell. At the very least, increased efforts towards surveillance of individuals exposed in Camelford is certainly warranted."
Rose had adjourned the inquests for Cross and Neal pending further studies, but in 2008 said the Government had refused "to either finance or assist" research to test the hypothesis of a link between exposure to aluminium and congophilic amyloid angiopathy. He said this research was necessary to determine the consequences of the deceased having such a high level of aluminium. He later sought support from Somerset County Council so that the work could go ahead and once more adjourned the inquest into the death of Carol Cross, although Neal's inquest went ahead.
In July 2009 Rose announced that the inquest into Cross's death would resume in November 2010. Rose said that "ongoing medical research would not be completed until late summer" 2010. He explained "This research is necessary to prove whether or not the high level of aluminium in Mrs Cross's brain causing her death through beta amyloid angiopathy (a form of cerebrovascular disease) on February 19, 2004, could be attributed to the aluminium sulphate placed in the public water supply at Lowermoor treatment works on July 6, 1988. This is the last adjournment I am able to agree and the inquest will commence on Monday November 1, 2010 at Taunton."
When the inquest was reconvened Dr. Chris Exley, a reader in bioinorganic chemistry at Keele University, said "The brain aluminium concentration was so high that it is highly likely that it contributed to her brain pathology, probably being responsible for the aggressive form and very early onset of the disease." Neuropathologist Prof. Margaret Esiri, from the John Radcliffe Hospital, said "I have never seen a case such as this at this age. I have seen one case in a woman who died aged 81 but the literature shows only a handful of cases worldwide." As a result of their evidence the inquest was again adjourned to allow South West Water Authority time to seek its own expert evidence.
Carol Cross's inquest was finally completed in March 2012. The coroner returned a narrative verdict recording the circumstances without attributing the cause, in which he said the water supply company, South West Water Authority had been "gambling with as many as 20,000 lives" when they failed to inform the public about the poisoning for 16 days, a delay he called unacceptable. An expert said at the inquest that the levels of aluminium in her brain were "beyond belief".
Rose stated: "I found there was a deliberate policy to not advise the public of the true nature until some 16 days after the occurrence of the incident," and that "failure of the authority to visit every house after the incident to advise them to thoroughly flush their systems [was a serious dereliction of duty. I can say that the incident may either have contributed to or possibly caused Mrs Cross's death, but I do not have sufficient evidence to say so conclusively."
Legal actions against South West Water Authority.
In 1991 the South West Water Authority was fined £10,000 and ordered to pay £25,000 costs at Exeter Crown Court for supplying water likely to endanger public health. The authority paid at least £123,000 to settle almost 500 initial compensation claims and in 1997 a further 148 victims accepted out-of-court damages totalling almost £400,000, approved by a High Court judge sitting in Truro. The settlements ranged from £680 to £10,000. Some later claimed they were "railroaded" into accepting the out-of-court settlements after being told that their legal aid funding would be withdrawn if they continued with the lawsuit. The judge, Mr Justice Wright, said: "If the case had been contested, there would have been awesomely complex argument over how much they consumed" and that they were "extraordinarily well advised to accept the offer." Cross later said: "The official medical claim from the health authority was that there was no known pathway for aluminium to be absorbed into the body. I would argue that this was a misrepresentation of scientific facts, however it was accepted by the judge [and he instructed the jury that medical damages could not be awarded. The victims therefore received negligible compensation. This alone is adequate reason for a judicial review, since it resulted in a miscarriage of justice for the victims."
Allegations of a cover-up.
On 13 December 2007 Michael Rose announced that, in light of "a possible attempt to initially suppress the seriousness of the incident, I am asking the chief constable of Devon and Cornwall to hand me evidence gathered at the time of the original investigation," and for the chief constable to appoint a senior detective "to look into the allegations of a possible cover-up."
At the time of the incident the water industry was about to be privatised by the Conservative government of the day; a letter written from a water official to Michael Howard, then Minister of State for Water and Planning, emerged which stated that a police investigation into the poisoning incident was viewed as "very distracting" and that any subsequent prosecution of South West Water would also "be totally unhelpful to privatisation... and render the whole of the water industry unattractive to the City". The "Western Morning News", using a Freedom of Information Act request, uncovered a briefing note to the then Environment Minister, Nicholas Ridley, warning: "Those of the South West board with a commercial background are deeply concerned by the investigation."
There was speculation in the news media that commercial concerns were given priority over public health.
The former North Cornwall Liberal Democrat Member of Parliament (MP) Paul (later Lord) Tyler also uncovered documents contradicting the water authority's claim that it had advised consumers not to drink the water, and that this advice had been given in a radio broadcast at 6am on 7 July 1988 and subsequently. The documents, relating to the prosecution of South West Water, alleged that this "was not the advice given to the public on the 6th, 7th, 8th, or indeed on the 12th," and added that the prosecution would say that the authority "misled Mr Healey (the head of the drinking water division at the Department of Environment)... There is evidence that a deliberate decision was made to conceal the truth from the public." Tyler said "I can't think of any comparable accident or mistake anywhere in Britain, particularly one involving what was a government agency, where there was no attempt to investigate what went wrong and why."
In 2001 Environment Minister Michael Meacher claimed that the Government feared what an unrestricted inquiry might find, and that "There was then a great deal of shenanigans about the terms of reference and fighting at all levels in order to limit the ambit of the committee to get the result they wanted. This inquiry was always potentially hugely damaging and hugely worrying to the establishment in terms of the way they handled the incident and clearly there are elements that want to shut it down." No named individuals were ever prosecuted.
The national water industry was sold, under the Conservative government, for £3.59 billion, with the sale of South West Water Authority raising around £300 million.

</doc>
<doc id="20272500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272500" title="Selca">
Selca

Selca can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20272510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272510" title="Alfred Prettyman">
Alfred Prettyman

Alfred E. Prettyman (born February 15, 19-) is an American publisher.
Life.
Alfred E. Prettyman, was born February 15, 19-, in Baltimore, Maryland. He is one of five children of Edward and Helen Prettyman. Edward Prettyman was the conductor of the Colored Park Band of Baltimore. As a teenager, Prettyman attended Douglass High School. He also made several appearances on WAAM, now known as WJZ-TV, as a singer on the High Times Program, with host Tommy Dukehart. His appearances on WAAM lead to appearances on the radio and television shows of Paul Whiteman. At the age of sixteen, Prettyman left Baltimore to attend college, and to study philosophy and religion.
Prettyman met his first wife, Julia Poussaint, through a college friend. Poussaint was the Executive Secretary for the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee, New York Office. Poussaint made trips to the south with other members to participate in the Civil Rights Movement. Instead of returning to the south Prettyman contributed to the Civil Rights Movement through book publishing. Prettyman criticized the industry for being a, “sexist and racist club.” He also played a large role in changing the content of junior high, senior high and college textbooks to include African Americans and Native Americans. In 1969 Prettyman also started his own publishing company, Emerson Hall Publishers, Inc., along with partners Bill Mayo and William Peters. Emerson Hall Publishers, Inc., focused on publishing work that dealt with social and behavioral sciences dealing primarily with the black experience.
Alfred Prettyman currently resides in New York City, where he holds meetings for the Society for the Study of Africana Philosophy, out of his apartment. Prettyman is the co-founder of this group along with Albert Blumberg, who is also a native of Baltimore. He is also a member of the Society for the Advancement of American Philosophy (SAAP). Over the years, Prettyman has written, reviewed and edited several books, that include, . He has also made contributions to several scholarly journals. Alfred Prettyman is currently working on projects for the Alaine Locke Society, The New York Pragmatists' Forum and the Journal of Speculative Philosophy and will continue to work on other upcoming projects.
Alfred Prettyman is currently a professor at the Ramapo College of New Jersey. He teaches many courses in the school from Social Issues, to the Art of Swag 101. Many of his peers refer to him as Big Al. Many of his courses focus on philosophy or social disparity, two of his most outstanding fields of study.
Bibliography.
"Prettyman, Alfred (2013). "Compulsion and Persuasion in a Democracy of Split Levels." J. Kegley and Skowronski (eds.), Persuasion and Compulsion in Democracy 
. Prettyman, Alfred (2013)."Afterword: The Mission." pp. 147–151. The Haverford Discussions; A Black Integrationist Manifesto for Racial Justice, Edited by M. Lackey, VA: University of Virginia Press.

</doc>
<doc id="20272516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272516" title="Constitutional history of the People's Republic of China">
Constitutional history of the People's Republic of China

The Constitutional history of the People's Republic of China describes the evolution of its Constitutional system. The first Constitution of the People's Republic of China was promulgated in 1954. After two intervening versions enacted in 1975 and 1978, the current Constitution was promulgated in 1982. There were significant differences between each of these versions, and the 1982 Constitution has subsequently been amended several times. In addition, changing Constitutional conventions have led to significant changes in the structure of Chinese government in the absence of changes in the text of the Constitution.
Background and precedents.
Dynastic China adopted a constitutional system oscillating between a feudal distribution of power and a centralistic autocracy. The idea of a constitutional monarchy, and a written constitution, became influential towards the end of the 19th century, inspired immediately in large parts by the precedent of the Meiji Constitution in Japan. The first attempt towards constitutionalism was during the Hundred Days' Reform (1898), but a coup by conservative monarchists loyal to Empress Dowager Cixi ended this effort. The same faction, however, eventually adopted a policy of transitioning towards constitutionalism. However, the first constitutional document was only published in 1908, and the first constitutional document with legal force (the "Nineteen Covenants") was not implemented until 1911, after the eruption of the Xinhai Revolution, which led to the demise of the Qing empire the next year.
The Republic of China established in 1912 was governed by a series of constitutional documents. Most of these, especially those authored by the Kuomintang, purported to reflect Sun Yat-sen's Three Principles of the People and Western norms. The first formal Constitution was enacted in 1946, when the Kuomintang-controlled government hastily declared an end to the "political tutelage" stage of Sun Yat-sen's three-stage theory of constitutional government amidst internal and external pressures. The Republic of China government progressively lost control of mainland China in the late 1940s to early 1950s, but the Constitution of the Republic of China, with amendments, is still the organic law of the government in Taiwan.
The Common Program (1949).
In 1949, the Chinese Civil War was turning decisively in favour of the Communist Party of China. In June, the Communist Party organised a "Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference" (CPPCC) to prepare for the establishment of a new regime to replace the Kuomintang-dominated Republic of China government.
The first meeting of the CPPCC opened on 21 September 1949, and was attended by the Communist Party along with eight aligned parties. The first CPPCC served in effect as a Constitutional Convention. The meeting approved the Common Program, which was effectively an interim Constitution, specifying the structure of the new government, and determining the name and symbols of the new state. It also elected leaders of the new central government, including Mao Zedong as Chairman of the Central People's Government. After the end of the conference, the People's Republic of China was proclaimed on 1 October 1949.
The People's Republic of China government functioned for the next five years under the Common Program, with a degree of democracy and inclusion that was not seen again in Chinese government to the present day. Among the provisions of the Common Program were those guaranteeing protection of private property (Article 3), "uniting" the bourgeoisie (Article 13), and assisting private enterprise (Article 30). The first People's Government, elected in 1949, included a significant number of representatives from parties other than the Communist Party.
1954 Constitution.
In accordance with the Common Program, preparations soon began for convening the first National People's Congress and the drafting of the first permanent Constitution of the People's Republic of China. On 24 December 1952, a resolution was moved by Premier Zhou Enlai on behalf of the Communist Party of China at the 43rd meeting of the first CPPCC Standing Committee to draft the new, permanent, Constitution. The resolution was passed, and on 13 January 1953, the Central People's Government appointed a thirty-person drafting committee led by Mao Zedong.
The drafting process was dominated by the Communist Party, and was almost exclusively restricted to the Politburo. In March 1954, the draft Constitution was passed to the CPPCC and discussed in a national education campaign in the spring and summer of 1954. On 20 September 1954, exactly five years after the passage of the Common Program, the first meeting of the first National People's Congress unanimously approved the new Constitution. This version has subsequently been called the "1954 Constitution". 
The 1954 Constitution included a preamble and 108 articles organised into four chapters. It specified a government structure remarkably similar to the current system. Chapter Two of the 1954 Constitution set up a system of government composed of six structural parts. The highest organ of government was the legislature, the National People's Congress. The executive was composed of the President and the State Council. Sub-national government was to be composed of people's congresses and people's committees of various levels. Autonomous ethnic areas would decide on their forms of government according to the wishes of the "majority of the people" in these areas. Finally, a hierarchy of courts headed by the Supreme People's Court and the Supreme People's Procuratorate (which would investigate crimes by the government) formed the judicial system.
Chapter Three, Fundamental Rights and Duties of Citizens, guaranteed a relatively comprehensive set of human rights, but also imposed the duty to pay taxes, undertake national service, and to obey the law.
Like the subsequent versions of the Constitution, the 1954 Constitution was not entrenched. It could be amended by the National People's Congress (Article 27(1)) by a special two-thirds majority (Article 29) without recourse to a referendum or other such mechanism.
The 1954 Constitution was intended to be a transitional constitution, to be revised after China developed into a socialist economy.
1975 Constitution.
However, the Chinese government functioned more or less as envisaged for only a short time. In 1957, the Anti-Rightist Movement marked the beginning of a series of political movements and purges during which the Constitution's protections against Party interference in the judiciary largely failed to be respected. These culminated in the Cultural Revolution (1966-1976), a period in which the normal operation of government virtually ceased. In 1966, President Liu Shaoqi was political denounced, and from 1967 was placed under house arrest. After suffering two years of persecution, Liu died, unreported, in 1969, and the position of President was left unfilled. During this period, most government bodies around the country ceased operation; various levels of people's governments were replaced by Revolutionary Committees. Instead of (formally) by election, power passed via public denunciations and, in many cases, violent clashes.
In 1975, Mao Zedong and his supporters sought to formalise their power through the promulgation of a new Constitution. Under the 1975 Constitution, the office of the President (officially translated as "Chairman" during this period) was abolished, leaving Mao, as the Chairman of the Communist Party, as the sole power centre. Formal duties of the President as Head of State were to be performed by the Chairman of the National People's Congress (who was, at the time, Zhu De). The replacement of local government by Revolutionary Committees was also formalised. The Constitution was shorted to 30 articles, and the Fundamental Rights and Duties of Citizens was greatly shortened. Guarantees removed included the rights to property and privacy, freedom from political discrimination, freedom of movement, speech, and artistic freedom, among other human rights. Concurrently, the duty to pay taxes was also removed. The 1975 Constitution also saw a significant shift in tone compared to the 1954 Constitution, and saw the insertion of a significant number of ideological sloganeering provisions, including the claim that the nation was guided by "Marxism-Leninism-Mao Zedong Thought".
1978 Constitution.
Mao died in 1976, and the Gang of Four who had dominated Chinese politics were driven out of power by October 1976. The 1978 Constitution was promulgated in March 1978 under the chairmanship of Hua Guofeng. It contained 60 sections organised into four Chapters. In many ways, the 1978 Constitution was a compromise between the interim leadership's desire to consolidate power using Mao's moral authority, while responding to the popular desire to reverse the Leftists extremes of the previous period. On the one hand, the new Constitution in many places maintained the ideological tone of the 1975 Constitution, such as in Article 16 ("State officials must diligently study Marxism, Leninism, and Mao Zedong Thought, serve the people whole-heartedly ...") and Article 19 ("The fundamental role of the Armed Forces is: [...] defending against destabilisation and invasion from Socio-Imperialism, Imperialism, and their running dogs"). At the same time, the need for "Socialist democracy" was emphasised (Article 3), and the 1954 system of government was largely restored, including its significant checks on executive power.
1982 Constitution.
The 1978 Constitution was again short-lived. In December 1978, the third plenary meeting of the 11th Communist Party Central Committee began a series of reviews and reforms that confirmed Deng Xiaoping as the new paramount leader of China, with reform-minded leaders supported by Deng filling the top echelon of government. As part of the Deng faction's political reform agenda, a fourth Constitution was promulgated on 4 December 1982. The 1982 Constitution was born in a political environment where the past, including Mao's "errors" and almost all of the Communist Party's policies from 1949, were relatively objectively re-examined, and the country's future, including the pursuit of market economic reforms, was being openly debated. As a result, the 1982 Constitution returned the government structure to broadly that set up in 1954, with the Presidency restored. The Fundamental Rights and Duties of Citizens were greatly expanded, and elevated to Chapter Two, ahead of the provisions for the structure of the government. The 1982 Constitution was subsequently amended in 1988, 1993, 1999 and 2004, generally modifying the Constitution in accordance with economic and political reforms over that period. The current compilation dates from 14 March 2004.
The system of government set up under the 1982 Constitution has undergone some changes, largely due to the evolution of Constitutional conventions rather than textual amendments. The most significant of these occurred in 1989-1993. As drafted, the 1982 Constitution contemplated that the power of the state would be distributed amongst the General Secretary of the Communist Party of China, the Premier of the State Council, and the Chairman of the Central Military Commission. The President, as nominal head of state, would be a symbolic role with little substantive power. Such was the arrangement until 1989. During the 1989 Tiananmen Square Protests, the President, Yang Shangkun, used his formal powers under the Constitution to deploy troops to Beijing in spport of the state of emergency declared by the Premier Li Peng, and colluded in the subsequent violent crackdown in Beijing, against the wishes of Zhao Ziyang, the General Secretary of the Party. In a reaction against the conflict between the independent power centres, at the expiration of Yang's term, the new General Secretary, Jiang Zemin, also became President, and later took on the position of the Chairman of the Central Military Commission as well. In this way, the centres of power were unified. This convention has continued to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="20272528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272528" title="Lithuanian Russian Union">
Lithuanian Russian Union

The Lithuanian Russian Union (, LRS; ) is a political party in Lithuania which represents Russians in Lithuania. For many elections, the party forms an alliance with the Electoral Action of Poles in Lithuania, which represents Lithuania's Poles.

</doc>
<doc id="20272558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272558" title="Jack Smooth">
Jack Smooth

Jack Smooth, real name Ron Wells, born in London 1970.
Ron is often credited as the pioneer of Jungle techno, and certainly an early architect of Drum and Bass, in particular the 'Intelligent' or 'Liquid' variant.
During his career Ron produced over 200 dance music records, spanning many genres. He usually focused on creating his own chord structures and melodies using synthesizers, as opposed to relying on sampling the work of others. His music embodies an electronic, ambient techno signature with production standards that are recognisable as more 'polished' than typical underground dance music.
Ron began his musical life as a Pirate Radio DJ in 1987 on the Crystal, Medina & WLR stations in London.
During 1987 Ron met Chris Simmonds at Medina Radio and they went on to form Wax Factory Productions in 1989. Wax Factory were one of the first UK dance music labels to deal directly with record shops - not having a distribution deal. In years to come, Wax factory would earn cult status as an underground UK house and techno label. Many, to this day, believe that their productions were from the USA, due to their authentic Techno sound.
Around 1991 Ron formed Sound Entity Records as a solo project where he was introduced to Phil Wells of Basement Records by DJ Loftgroover. Ron and Phil quickly developed a powerful relationship where Ron went on to produce and co-write the majority of the first 30 releases on the label. The Basement Records label today is often credited as the most influential label that the Jungle Techno scene produced.
In 1992 Ron masterminded the hit single Trip to Trumpton project with Urban Hype, where he co-wrote and produced the single. The single reached no 6 in the National Charts and kept its top ten status for one month.
1993 saw Ron forming Fast Floor Productions (sub label of Basement Records) with Paul Clarke, where they produced many Jungle Techno anthems. Their music was highly regarded for its combination on musicality and dance floor presence by many DJs, in particular, Top Buzz. In 1994 Fast Floor produced an LP called "On a Quest For Intelligence" which has gone on to demand crown jewels prices on the second-hand music market.
In 1995 Ron Wells and Paul Clarke formed Earl Grey. This was specifically a drum and bass / jazz crossover project. They signed to MCA music publishing and Carl Cox's Worldwide Ultimatum label to release the LP "Purveyors of the New Groove".
In 1996 DJ Dr S Gachet invited Ron to join him in producing a 2 hour mix for BBC Radio 1's One In The Jungle show, which was aired in December of that year.
During 1996 Ron and Paul could sense that a decline in the music industry was on the horizon. This led them to take the decision to leave music behind for a while and concentrate on starting a commercial business. They changed their name to Fast Floor Multimedia Ltd in 1997 and embarked on building a marketing communications company, which still exists today.
Moving into business however has not meant the end of Ron and Paul's music careers. They both have a considerable number of works within the Sonoton Music Library in Germany and they continue to write music to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="20272559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272559" title="Paddy Andrews (Gaelic footballer)">
Paddy Andrews (Gaelic footballer)

Patrick "Paddy" Andrews is a Gaelic football player for Dublin and St. Brigids. He has been on the Dublin football panel since January 2008. He is the younger brother of former Dublin footballer Peadar Andrews. He won a Sigerson Cup medal with DCU in 2010. 
On 17 August 2011, Paddy signed for Monaghan United in the League of Ireland First Division.
St. Brigid's.
Barry won the Dublin Senior Football Championship with St. Brigid's in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20272595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272595" title="Koji Inada (footballer)">
Koji Inada (footballer)

Club career stats.
As of 28 July 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20272618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272618" title="Stian Hole">
Stian Hole

Stian Hole (born 20 March 1969, in Tønsberg, Norway) is a Norwegian graphic designer, illustrator and writer of children's books. He has made numerous book covers and three picture books which have gained national and international recognition. His book "Garmann's Summer" earned him an Ezra Jack Keats New Writer Award in 2009. In 2009 he won the Nordic Children's Book Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="20272657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272657" title="Selca, Železniki">
Selca, Železniki

Selca (in older sources also "Selce", ) is a village in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
It is an old settlement, first mentioned in 973 AD, and was formerly the main settlement and center for the entire Selca Valley (), which was named after the village. Only in more recent times did Železniki become the administrative center for the area. The Baroque parish church in Selca is dedicated to Saint Peter. It belongs to the Archdiocese of Ljubljana. A second church, built just outside the village at the cemetery, is dedicated to the Feast of the Cross.

</doc>
<doc id="20272689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272689" title="List of viscounts of Thouars">
List of viscounts of Thouars

The first viscounts of Thouars appeared at the end of the 9th century, somewhat earlier than those of Châtellerault, Lusignan, etc. 
They represented the count of Poitou (also the duke of Aquitaine) in the territory he had confided to them. 
The family of the viscounts of Thouars doubtless originated in the surroundings of Poitiers where they held lands in the 10th century. At this era, they were patrons of the abbeys at Saint-Cyprien de Poitiers, Saint-Jouin de Marnes (15 km to the south of Thouars), Saint-Florent de Saumur and Saint-Martin de Tours. 
In the 11th century, following Geoffrey II of Thouars's marriage with Agnes of Blois they added to this list the abbeys of Bourgueil and Marmoutier. 
List.
House of Thouars.
Before 876-903:Geoffroy I. His successors Savary and Aimery are likely his sons or his nephews. 
903-929:Savary I. A follower of the Count of Poitou Ebles Manzer. He participated in meetings held by the Count of Poitiers. In 903 Ebles rewarded him by giving him the authority of the Abbey of Saint Maixent. 
929-936:Aimery I. Brother of the above, he owned property near Poitiers and was admitted to the Abbey of Saint Maixent (which was very rich). He married Aremburge, and they had two sons, Savary II and Aimery II. 
936-943:Savary II. Son of the former; he had no sons. 
943 - to 960:Aimery II. Son of Aimery I and the brother of Savary II. He was a faithful ally of his suzerain Geoffroy Grisegonnelle, Count of Anjou, who awarded him the goods Chavagne near the monastery of Saint Maixent to Faye near the Abbess and Bressuire Miss south of Thouars. In 955 he donated land, the Abbess Faye always to the benefit of the Abbey Saint Bonneval lès Thouars. Aimery II married Eleanor by 935, with whom he had a son, Herbert I.. 
Around 960-987:Herbert I. He was the son of Aimery II. Grisegonnelle Geoffrey, Count of Anjou, appears as suzerain and protector of Viscount Herbert (it will be the same, however, vis-à-vis his son Aimery III). About 973, Geoffroy was in possession of the strengths of Loudun and Mirebeau and then encircled the area of the Vicomte de Thouars. Herbert married in 956 Aldéarde (or Hildegarde), daughter Cadelon I, Viscount of Aunay and Sénégonde. 
Herbert and Aldéarde had several children: Aimery III, Savary III, Raoul I, Thibault and Geoffroy. 
Aldéarde was famous for a mishap which happened around the year 980. Having had an affair with the Count of Poitiers William IV of Poitiers, it was exposed to the vengeance of the latter's wife, Emma de Blois. Emma took revenge by bullying her rival during a meeting. Emma took refuge in the castle of Chinon, where she waited for her husband to forgive this action. 
987-997:Aimery III. He was the son of Herbert and Aldéarde (or Hildegarde) Aunay. He was a firm vassal of the Count Poitiers, but he was also a vassal of the Count of Anjou Fulk III Nerra, who was very present in this part of Poitou. Viscount Thouars assisted in 992 Coots against the Britons for the possession of the County of Nantes and especially during the Battle of Conquereuil. Fulk awarded custody of Nantes Aimery during the minority of small Comte Judicaël. In 994, however, Aimery away lasting alliance Angevine and Fulk built a fortress at Passavant to control it. He married Elvis, but they had no children together, however Aimery was a natural son, of Haimon Aymon Dinan, born about 975, who was Lord of Dinan, dit Vicomte, Comte Domnonia. 
997-1004:Savary III. Brother of the above, he married twice, from the first marriage he had Geoffroy II, from the second marriage Hugues born about 995. Having taken a field belonging to Lusignan, Savary was always in conflict with his neighbor Hugh IV of Lusignan. 
1004-1015: Raoul. Brother of the above, he succeeded him. With his wife called Aremburge (or Ascelin), he had two children, and Thibault Aimery Aldegarde wife and daughter of Hugues IV de Lusignan. The Duke of Aquitaine and Count of Poitiers William the Great practiced a policy of balance (with a lot of duplicity) between Raoul and the Sire de Lusignan to neutralize them. William wrecked a marriage between the daughter of Raoul and Hugh de Lusignan by offering the latter the widow of Parthenay Josselin I (who had left an infant son). But in fact, the Duke arranged for that marriage to fail too, which caused a war between the Viscount of Thouars on one hand and the Sire de Lusignan, and even the duke on the other. The Vicomte Raoul died at the end of 1014 while ravaging the lands of Hugh de Lusignan. 
1015-1055: Geoffroy II. He was the son of Savary III 
1055-1093:Aimery IV. Son of the previous 
1093-1104:Herbert II. Son of the former, he died at the First Crusade in Jaffa (Palestine) in 1104. He was the son of Aimery IV and Ameline. It immediately succeeds his father Aimery IV. On February 10, 1096, Bishop Peter of Poitiers restores Airvault Abbey, with the agreement of Herbert, Viscount of Thouars, son of the late Viscount Aimery. On December 7, 1099, his family surrounding Arbert at the dedication of the Church of St. Nicolas de la Chaise, started by his father and has been completed; then found him with his brother Geoffrey, told Tiffauges, its Sister Hildegard is wife of Hugues de Lusignan, Raoul and his uncle, said Maule. 
At that time we can measure the extent of Viscount of Thouars by fiefs under its control. These are Bressuire, Gifted, Passavant, the Argenton Chateau, Airvault, La Foret sur Sevre, Montaigu, La Roche sur yon, Till, Châteaumur, Pouzauges, Les Essarts, Lezay, Commequiers, and more. 
Like many of his contemporaries, Viscount Herbert went to Palestine, the first time in 1098. He left with his brother Geoffrey in 1102 as part of the crusade led by the Duke William IX of Aquitaine. His banner was strewn with golden fleur de lys Azure Gules franc area. These arms have remained those of his house, they then become those of the city of Thouars. Many pilgrims died during the journey from Constantinople in Jerusalem. When Herbert wanted to go back to France, he died in Jaffa in 1104. He was buried near the church of Saint Nicolas de Jaffa. He married 1095 to Agnes with whom he had two son, and Herbert Aimery VI. 
1104-1123:Geoffroy III. Brother of the previous 
1123-1127:Aimery V. Son of the previous 
1127-1139:Aimery VI. He was the son of Herbert II, 
1139-1151: William I. He was the son of Aimery V. 
1151-1173:Geoffroy IV. Brother of the previous 
He married one of his younger sons, Guy of Thouars, to Constance, Duchess of Brittany. 
Geoffroy's granddaughter by Guy and Constance, Alix would become Duchess of Brittany in her own right. Alix would be the only member of the House of Thouars to hold this ducal crown. 
1173-1226:Aimery VII. Son of the previous 
1226-1229:Hugues I. Brother of the previous 
In 1236, his widow, Marguerite, would marry Pierre Mauclerc, the widowed husband of Alix of Thouars (the granddaughter of Geoffrey IV of Thouars above). 
1229-1233:Raymond I. Aimery brother Hugh I and VII. 
1233-1242: Guy I. Son of Aimery VII 
1242-1246:Aimery VIII. Brother of the previous 
1246-1256:Aimery IX. Son of Guy I, 
1256-1269:Renaud or Reginald de Thouars. Brother of the previous 
1269-1274:Savary IV. Brother of the previous 
1274-1308: Guy II. Son of Aimery IX 
1308-1332: Jean I. Son of the previous 
1332-1333: Hugues II. Brother of the previous 
1333-1370: Louis I. Son of John I, 
House of Craon.
mariée à Amaury IV de Craon ; à la mort de ce dernier en 1376 elle épousa Tristan Rouault de Boisménard.
House of Amboise.
marié à Jeanne de Rohan puis à Anne (Isabelle) de Goyon.
1426-1469 : Louis d'Amboise. C'est le Petit-fils d'Isabeau et d' Ingelger Ier d'Amboise (il est le fils d'Ingelger II Seigneur de Rochecorbon et de Jeanne de Craon) . A la mort de son oncle Pierre II d'Amboise il devient Vicomte de Thouars, Seigneur d'Amboise, Bléré et Montrichard, Comtes de Guines, Seigneur de Talmond, Marans, de l'Ile de Ré, etc... 
marié à Marie de Rieux fille de Jean III Seigneur de Rieux et de Rochefort et de Béatrix de Montauban.
House of Valois.
In 1469 king Louis XI of France awarded the viscountcy of Thouars to his daughter Anne when she was betrothed to Nicolas d'Anjou. However, Nicholas handed the title back to the king on becoming Duke of Burgundy in 1472 (dying a year later aged 25). The viscountcy thus reverted to the king, who started the proceedings to grant it to Louis I de La Trémoille but the king died in 1483 leaving his successor to complete them.

</doc>
<doc id="20272691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272691" title="Smoleva">
Smoleva

Smoleva is a village in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20272693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272693" title="Charles Young (governor)">
Charles Young (governor)

Charles Young (April 30, 1812 – after 1875) was a Scottish-born lawyer, judge and political figure in Prince Edward Island. He served as administrator for Prince Edward Island in 1859.
He was born in Glasgow, the son of John Young and Agnes Renny, and came to Halifax with his family in 1814. He was educated at Dalhousie College and was called to the Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island bars in 1838. Young entered practice with his brothers William and George. He served as a member of the Legislative Council of Prince Edward Island for 23 years. In 1847, he was named Queen's Counsel. Young was the province's attorney general from 1851 to 1853 and from 1858 to 1859. He was named a judge of probate in 1852 and was a judge in bankruptcy from 1868 to 1875. Young was one of the first persons to publicly support responsible government for Prince Edward Island.

</doc>
<doc id="20272701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272701" title="Tom Playfair">
Tom Playfair

Tom Playfair; Or Making a Start is a book by a Roman Catholic priest, Fr. Francis J. Finn S.J., originally published in 1890, and written for youths ages 9–12. Translated into many languages, it is a constant favourite among children of all countries.
Suffering from insomnia, Finn started writing using two of his sleepless hours every night on this story, which tells of the ordinary familiar incidents of Catholic residential school life. Finn hoped to give his readers his ideal of a genuine Catholic American boy.
Synopsis and narrative style.
The popularity of "Percy Wynn", a story he wrote after "Tom Playfair", but published before it, prepared the way for the appearance of this first and most popular novel. Idealism and deft moral teaching hid themselves in the pranks of Tom Playfair and his fellows. Hardly had the book appeared in 1890 than it came out in a German translation. That boys of all nations liked Tom Playfair can be seen from the following: besides several editions in German, a Portuguese version appeared in 1908, an Italian in 1910, a Polish in 1913, and French and Dutch versions in 1925. Its universal appeal, manifested by the volume of sales, ranks it with the Frank Merriwell and Tom Brown books. Tom Playfair was always to remain Finn's favourite character, and became in the eyes of hundreds of thousands the typical American Catholic boy.
An unusual letter, which arrived at St. Marys about 1910 attests the universal appeal this book was to have. A young Bavarian boy, anxious to find out if Tom Playfair really lived, addressed a letter in his native tongue to "The Very Distinguished Father President of the Jesuit College, near Pawnee River, U. S. A." The state of Kansas was not mentioned; not even the Kaw river; the "Pawnee" was the name Finn gave in his stories to Bourbonnais creek near the college. Yet the letter arrived in due time.
Like a Catholic version of "Tom Sawyer" or the "Hardy Boys", this books teaches Catholic virtues through its adventurous and edifying narration. It is said that Finn's books have caused marked improvement in the behaviour, motivation and character of the young people who read them.
The story opens with 10-year-old Tom Playfair being quite a handful for his well-meaning but soft-hearted aunt. (Tom's mother has died.) Mr. Playfair decides to ship his son off to St. Maure's boarding school — an all-boys academy run by Jesuits — to shape him up, as well as to help him make a good preparation for his upcoming First Communion. Tom is less than enthusiastic, but his adventures are just about to begin: life at St. Maure's will not be dull.
Finn’s publisher, Benziger Brothers, called Tom Playfair "the most successful book for Catholic boys and girls ever published in the English language."

</doc>
<doc id="20272704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272704" title="Studio City (disambiguation)">
Studio City (disambiguation)

Studio City may refer to:
Studio City may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20272707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272707" title="Kwon Seok-Geun">
Kwon Seok-Geun

Kwon Seok-Geun(born May 8, 1983) is a South Korean football player who currently plays for Ansan Hallelujah.
Kwon previously played for Roasso Kumamoto.

</doc>
<doc id="20272716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272716" title="Europe, Middle East, Africa and Latin America">
Europe, Middle East, Africa and Latin America

Europe, Middle East, Africa and Latin America (EALA) is formed of, and is for some organizations a replacement of, "Europe, the Middle East and Africa" (EMEA) and Latin America.

</doc>
<doc id="20272738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272738" title="Heide Göttner-Abendroth">
Heide Göttner-Abendroth

Heide Göttner-Abendroth (born February 8, 1941 in Langewiesen, Germany) is a German feminist advocating Matriarchy Studies (also Modern Matriarchal Studies), focusing on the study of matriarchal or matrilineal societies.
Life.
Göttner-Abendroth was born during World War II, and at the age of 12 moved with her parents from East Germany to West Germany. She has a PhD in philosophy from the University of Munich (1973). She became active in second wave feminism from 1976 and came to be considered one of the pioneers of women's studies in West Germany.
Göttner-Abendroth worked as a Reader in philosophy at Munich University in the 1970s, but, due to her activism and harsh criticism of her academic work, she quit and became an independent scholar, founding the International Academy for Modern Matriarchal Studies and Matriarchal Spirituality (HAGIA) in 1986. She received a scholarship from the University of Bremen in 1992. Her own account of the lack of acceptance of her Matriarchal Studies in mainstream academia was published as "Die Diskriminierung der Matriarchatsforschung. Eine moderne Hexenjagd" "the discrimination of Matriarchal Studies - a modern witch-hunt" in 2003.
Academy Hagia.
Göttner-Abendroth's "International Academy for Modern Matriarchal Studies and Matriarchal Spirituality" (HAGIA) was founded in 1986. It aims to combine the "intellectual, political, artistic, and spiritual" in its events.
Matriarchal Studies.
Modern Matriarchal Studies stands in the tradition of 1970s second wave feminism, pioneered by Merlin Stone's "When God Was a Woman". Feminist theories of matriarchy remained current throughout the 1970s, and in German scholarship during the 1980s. Göttner-Abendroth has continued to publish on the topic into the 2000s, and has organized two World Congresses on Matriarchal Studies, in 2003 and 2005.
Göttner-Abendroth defines Modern Matriarchal Studies as the "investigation and presentation of non-patriarchal societies", and "matriarchies" as "non-hierarchical, horizontal societies of matrilineal kinship", effectively defining "matriarchy" as "non-patriarchic matrilineal societies". She has also defined "matriarchy" as characterized by the sharing of power equally between the two genders, an egalirarian model. By Göttner-Abendroth's definition, a matriarchal society is equivalent to an "egalitarian and peaceful society". Such societies aren't described as "matriarchal" in mainstream anthropology, but as matrilineal. Mainstream anthropology considers "male dominance in the public or political realm" a human cultural universal and has abandoned the 19th century notion of "primitive" matriarchies in favour of discussion of matrilineality and matrilocality, forms of societies that are actually on record. Göttner-Abendroth defends this departure from the usual meaning of the "-archy" suffix as using it in its etymological meaning of 'beginning', according to which "matriarchy" would not mean 'rule of mothers' but 'at the beginning the mothers'. However, Greek has the double meaning of 'beginning, origin' and 'rule, dominion', and the "-archy" suffix originates with , which has the meaning of 'leadership, rule' exclusively, as in ἀν-αρχία 'lack of a leader, lawlessness, anarchy'.

</doc>
<doc id="20272740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272740" title="Woman to Woman (Joe Cocker song)">
Woman to Woman (Joe Cocker song)

"Woman to Woman" is a song written by Joe Cocker and Chris Stainton. It was released on Cocker's 1972 album "Joe Cocker" (December 1972). 
It has been recorded by other artists. It has also been heavily sampled in hip hop, for example in "Funky" by Ultramagnetic MCs (1987), "Knick Knack Patty Wack" by EPMD (1989), "Blast From the Past" by Ultramagnetic MC's (1992), "California Love" by 2Pac featuring Dr. Dre (1995), "Honey" by Moby (1999), "Astro Black" by Quasimoto (2000), "He's Unbelievable" by Sarah Connor (October 29, 2002), and "We Keep It Rockin'" by Maino featuring Swizz Beatz, Jadakiss, Jim Jones and Joell Ortiz (2010).
It was also included in the soundtrack for the popular video game "", on the " radio station, where Tommy "The Nightmare" Smith (Axl Rose) introduces the song with the words, "I think you're gonna love this record...or you would if you were man enough."

</doc>
<doc id="20272743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272743" title="Abuse Reporting Format">
Abuse Reporting Format

The Abuse Reporting Format (ARF) is a standard format for reporting spam via email.
History.
A draft describing a standard format for feedback loop (FBL) reports was posted by Yakov Shafranovich in April 2005 and evolved to the current RFC 5965. AOL, who pioneered the field in 2003, initially used a different format, and converted to this "de facto" standard in 2008. Feedback loops don't "have" to use ARF, but most do.
In January 2010, the IETF chartered a new working group working towards the goal of standardizing the ARF format. The new WG is called Messaging Abuse Reporting Format WG or MARF.
Purpose.
The ARF format is designed to be extensible, providing for generic spam reporting, e.g. from users to some anti-spam center or help desk, or for opt-out operations. The format defines a new MIME type to be included in a codice_1 attachment, and includes at least the headers of the offending message. Although the draft description acknowledges that some operators may choose to modify or redact that portion for privacy or legal reasons, it "recommends" that the entire original email message be attached, including the unmodified recipient address.
An ARF-encapsulated FBL report comes with the same subject as the offending message. Much like bounce messages, an abuse report consists of a human readable part, followed by a machine readable part, and the original message. The machine readable part's type is codice_2, whose definition is the core of the draft. Extensibility is achieved by including a "Feedback-Type" field that characterizes the report. Possible values of this field are
An IANA registry is provided for the "Feedback-Type", as well as for the other field names. Each field name may either be relevant for any type of feedback, or for a specified type only. Some fields may appear multiple times. For example, the "Source-IP" field, containing the IP address from which the original message was received, may appear in any type of FBL report, but only once; the "Removal-Recipient" field, indicating email addresses to be removed, may only appear in "opt-out" reports, but one or more times. In addition, there is a "DKIM-Failure" subtype, with its own IANA registry.
An example report for email abuse is as follows. (Note that only the first three lines of the machine readable part are required.)
codice_3

</doc>
<doc id="20272754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272754" title="Spodnje Danje">
Spodnje Danje

Spodnje Danje (in older sources also "Spodnje Dajne", ) is a village in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The church in the village is dedicated to Saint Mark.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20272763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272763" title="Global School of Tech Juris">
Global School of Tech Juris

Global School of Tech Juris (GSTJ)is one of Eastern India's premier education and training institute offering courses [http://gstj.org/courses.php in diverse areas including Cyber law Intellectual Property [http://gstj.org/international-intellectual-property-laws.php, cyber forensics internet business and the pioneering Legal Skills Training [http://gstj.org/legal-skill-training-program.php program.
GSTJ was launched in 2006 in the presence of luminaries including the Hon'ble Justice Altamas Kabir, Supreme Court of India and the Hon'ble Mayor of Kolkata Shri Bikash Bhattacharya and Shri S.K. Sanyal, Vice Chancellor of Jadavpur University as well as members of the Cyber Crime Cell, Kolkata Police. Check excerpts of the Launch Speech of Hon'ble Justice Kabir.[http://in.youtube.com/watch?v=4teM8dlofQo 
GSTJ has conducted training for members of the CID, West Bengal as well the Police Training college, Barrackpore on issues concerning Computer crime prevention, Computer forensics and tracking.
GSTJ has also been represented by its Co-founder Mr. Misum Hossain in various seminars, symposiums and conferences including the prestigious Information Security Seminar organized by the reputed Confederation of Indian Industry [http://www.ciionline.org/ in Kolkata . A brief summary of his speech [http://cii.in/documents/%20CIIInformation_SecuritySeminar_Procedings.pdf is available online at the Confederation of Indian Industry website.
GSTJ has received unprecedented response from across Eastern India with its flexibly designed and innovative courses being opted for by both students as well as professionals.
GSTJ has also collaborated with Bhawanipur College in Kolkata to offer the pioneering program called Internet Business to the city's large population of business students.
GSTJ has received several press mentions since its inception from reputed and notable print media including The Times of India (Education Times)Hindustan Times [http://www.hindustantimes.com/StoryPage/StoryPage.aspx?sectionName=NLetter&id=4310a7e6-165f-4279-96b8-e32f195182a4&&Headline=First+cyber+law+institute+in+West+Bengal+launched, The Telegraph (Kolkata) (Careergraph) and The Metro (The Telegraph) [http://www.telegraphindia.com/1060520/asp/calcutta/story_6244194.asp among many others.
GSTJ also regularly organizes workshops and seminars to promote cyber laws, cyber crime prevention as well as intellectual property laws awareness in India. In December 2008, GSTJ organized its successful 4th Cyber Law Workshop which received great response from the city of Kolkata and was even listed in the November 2008 Newsletter published by the Department of Information Technology, Government of West Bengal [http://www.itwb.org/NewsLetter_files/Newsletter_November_2008.htm]. The said Workshop was presided over by Cyber Law expert and GSTJ Co-Founder Mr. Misum Hossain and even had Guest Speakers from the prestigious Indian law firm Khaitan & Co. (Mumbai branch) as well as other Speakers from the IT Security industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20272772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272772" title="Đorđe">
Đorđe

Đorđe is a Serbian given name, a Serbian variant of given name George, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20272785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272785" title="Woman to Woman">
Woman to Woman

Woman to Woman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20272815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272815" title="Studeno, Železniki">
Studeno, Železniki

Studeno is a settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. Building expansion has resulted in it becoming virtually part of the town of Železniki.

</doc>
<doc id="20272820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272820" title="Crazy Romance">
Crazy Romance

Crazy Romance (求愛反斗星) is a 1985 Hong Kong film directed by Leung Tong Mei.

</doc>
<doc id="20272838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272838" title="José María Chiquillo Barber">
José María Chiquillo Barber

José María Chiquillo Barber (Sumacàrcer, Spain, 24 November 1964) is a Spanish politician who currently serves as Senator for Valencia province as part of the People's Party (PP).
Married with two children, Chiquillo worked as a lawyer and worked for Valencia city council from 1988 to 1989. In 1983 he joined Unió Valenciana (Valencian Union UV), a right wing regional party. He was second placed candidate on the party's list for the Spanish general election, 1993 in Valencia province. As Unió Valenciana (UV) lost one of their two seats in that election he failed to be elected but as first substitute for the party, replaced Vicente González Lizondo after the latter's death in 1994. He was re-elected in 1996 but lost his seat at the 2000 election. However for the 2004, he formed an electoral pact with the PP under which UV did not contest the election and Chiquillo was included in the PP list for the Spanish Senate as an independent, being elected to the Senate in March 2004. This proved controversial with the membership and led to a split in the party, with opponents accusing Chiquillo of having become "a puppet of the PP."
Chiquillo then resigned from UV and formed a new party in April 2005: Unió de Progrés per a la Comunitat Valenciana (Progress Union for the Valencian Community). This grouping is currently inactive and in March 2008 Chiquillo was elected to the Senate as a PP member.

</doc>
<doc id="20272845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272845" title="Tomoaki Komorida">
Tomoaki Komorida

Club career stats.
As of 12 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20272850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272850" title="John Winterton">
John Winterton

Major General Sir (Thomas) John Willoughby Winterton KCB, KCMG, CBE, DL (13 April 1898 – 14 December 1987) was a senior British Army officer who was the Military Governor and Commander of the British and US Zone of the Free Territory of Trieste from 1951 to 1954. 
Military career.
Educated at Oundle School and at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich, Winterton was commissioned into the Royal Artillery in 1917. After serving in World War I, he was posted to Burma in 1930. He transferred to the Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry on the recommendation of the commandant of the staff college, Major General, later General Sir Bernard Paget. He served in World War II initially as Deputy Adjutant and Quartermaster General for I Corps in which role he took part in the Dunkirk evacuation. He became Chief of Staff to the General Officer Commanding Burma in 1942 and was given command of a brigade in Burma in 1943 and then in Italy in 1944.
After the War he became Deputy Commissioner of the Allied Control Commission for Austria 1945 and then became British High Commissioner and Commander-in-Chief Austria in 1950. He went on to be Military Governor and Commander of the British and US Zone of the Free Territory of Trieste from 1951 to 1954 before retiring in 1955. Winterton was Colonel Commandant of the Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry from 1955 to 1958 and Colonel Commandant of the 1st Green Jackets (43rd and 52nd) from 1958 to 1960. He lived in Newbury, Berkshire.
Winterton was also an Aide-de-Camp to the King.
He married Helen Cross in 1921 with whom he was to have three sons.
Major General Sir John Winterton KCB, KCMG, CBE, DL died on 14 December 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20272863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272863" title="Moel y Parc">
Moel y Parc

Moel y Parc (sometimes written as Moel-y-Parc) is a country park on the border between Denbighshire and Flintshire in Wales. It is one of the Clwydian Hills, rising above sea level and is located at OS . There is a television mast near the summit. The summit marks the boundary of Aberwheeler and Ysceifiog communities, and is the site of a cairn and tumulus.

</doc>
<doc id="20272866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272866" title="Arbacia punctulata">
Arbacia punctulata

Arbacia punctulata is a species of Arbacia genus of purple-spined sea urchins. Its natural habitat is in the Western Atlantic Ocean. "Arbacia punctulata" can be found in shallow water from Massachusetts to Cuba and the Yucatan Peninsula, from Texas to Florida in the Gulf of Mexico, the coast from Panama to French Guiana and in the Lesser Antilles, usually on rocky, sandy, or shelly bottoms.
"A. punctulata" is omnivorous, consuming a wide variety of preys although Karlson classified it as a generalized carnivore. It has been shown that it is galactolipids, rather than phlorotannins, that act as herbivore deterrents in "Fucus vesiculosus" against "A. punctulata".
For more than a chelsea century, developmental biologists have valued the sea urchin as an experimental model organism. Sea urchin eggs are transparent and can be manipulated easily in the research laboratory. Their eggs can be easily fertilized and then develop rapidly and synchronously.
For decades, the sea urchin embryo has been used to establish the chromosome theory of heredity, the description of centrosomes, parthenogenesis, and fertilization. Research work during the last 30 years established such important phenomena as stable mRNA and translational control, isolation and characterization of the mitotic apparatus, and the realization that the major structural proteins of the mitotic apparatus are microtubules. Sea urchin studies provided the first evidence of actin in non-muscle cells.
"Arbacia punctulata" is also a model organism of marine sediments toxicity and sperm study.

</doc>
<doc id="20272880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272880" title="John Dickinson (bishop)">
John Dickinson (bishop)

John Hubert Dickinson (1901 – 31 May 1993) was Assistant Bishop of Melanesia from 1931 to 1937, and was a bishop for more than sixty years.
Biography.
Dickinson was born in 1901, the only son of Rev. Harry G. Dickinson and his second wife Edina C. V. Johnson. He was baptised on 23rd June 1901 at Longhoughton, Northumberland by his father, and educated at Jesus College, Oxford before training for ordination at Cuddesdon College. 
Dickinson was made deacon in 1925 and ordanied priest in 1926.He served as curate of St John's Middlesbrough from 1925 to 1929. He was a missionary in South Tokyo from 1929 to 1931, when he was appointed Assistant Bishop of Melanesia. He held this post until 1937, when he returned to England as vicar of Felkirk with Brierley in South Yorkshire before moving in 1942 to become vicar of Warkworth, Northumberland. 
He was appointed an honorary canon of Newcastle Cathedral in 1947. In 1959, he left Warkworth to become vicar of Chollerton, in Northumberland. 
Dickinson retired in 1971 and died on 31 May 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20272895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272895" title="Sarah Stirk">
Sarah Stirk

Sarah Stirk is a British television presenter appearing on Sky News.
Broadcasting career.
Stirk began her broadcasting career on MUTV, the channel for prominent football team Manchester United. She has also presented on BBC's "East Midlands Today".
She spent two years covering the PGA Golf Tour on the now defunct Setanta Golf. After Setanta's demise in 2009 she started presenting sports news for the BBC, appearing on the BBC News Channel in the UK and BBC World News, including "Sports Today". She works for Sky News.
Stirk has also reported on the Open Championship on radio for TalkSport and in 2010 was part of the team on Radio 5 Live's coverage of the PGA Championship and Scottish Open.
Writing.
Stirk contributes to several golfing publications, including "Golf International" and "A Place in the Sun".
Business career.
Stirk runs a sports company, "Xclusive Golf", which specialises in bespoke golfing experiences around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20272899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272899" title="Mary from Beijing">
Mary from Beijing

Mary from Beijing aka. Awakening (夢醒時分) is a 1992 Hong Kong film directed by Sylvia Chang.

</doc>
<doc id="20272909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272909" title="Chudleigh Knighton Heath">
Chudleigh Knighton Heath

Chudleigh Knighton Heath, near Chudleigh Knighton, Devon is a Site of Special Scientific Interest, so designated because of its rare lowland heath vegetation. It is a habitat for many rare species including the ant, "Formica exsecta". This is one of only two wild colonies in England, the other being at Bovey Heath.
The site is leased by the Devon Wildlife Trust from Sibelco formerly WBB Minerals. The Trust have created several ponds noted for 12 breeding species of dragonfly including the scarce Keeled Skimmer.
The Heath was once the village's main football pitch and was the venue for many sports days for Chudleigh Knighton Church of England Primary School. However the pitch fell into disrepair and was unsuitable for sporting activities, so the School opened its own private sports field opposite to the village play park. The football pitch is now used by local dog walkers, the football posts are still standing today, though they are a little rusty.

</doc>
<doc id="20272950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20272950" title="Ryosuke Kijima">
Ryosuke Kijima

His younger brother Tetsuya is also a professional footballer playing for F.C. Machida Zelvia. 

</doc>
<doc id="20273007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273007" title="Epioblasma torulosa">
Epioblasma torulosa

Epioblasma torulosa, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.
Subspecies.
The green blossom and tubercled blossom are federally listed endangered species of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20273009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273009" title="Everything You Do">
Everything You Do

"Everything You Do" is a song recorded by pop band M2M. It peaked at No. 21 on the Billboard Hot Dance Singles Sales.
Release.
M2M recorded and released the original version of "Everything You Do" in 2000. The official remixes of the song were released in the same year. In mid-2000 the song was re-recorded with new vocals and was sung in Spanish, titled "Todo Lo Que Haces" alongside the English version. These new vocal versions were then included on special Asian editions of the album released in January 2001 and later released on the group's greatest hits compilation, "".
Music video.
The music video was directed by Tryan George, located in Toronto, Canada and shows M2M singing on a 1970s-style television show while boys from the future watch them on classic television. Later there is a liquid door on the stage through which M2M enter and go to the future where the boys are. They later run away from the soldiers who protected the building where the boys were imprisoned, who then run away from them and enter through the liquid door with cars. They then finally go to a field where there is a white unicorn.
Track listing.
International CD Single
US CD Maxi Single 
Personnel.
"Everything You Do" (original and re-recorded vocals versions)
Acoustic guitar – Marit Larsen
String arrangement – Gaute Storås
Drum programming – Jimmy Bralower
Guitar – Jan van Ravens
Keyboards – Bottolf Lødemel
Mixer – Tom Lord-Alge
Percussion – Marion Raven
Producer – Jimmy Bralower, Kenneth M. Lewis
Additional programming – Kenneth M. Lewis
Strings – Oslo Philharmonic Orchestra 
"Todo Lo Que Haces"
Lyrics – Jose Ramon Florez
Recorder – Neil Perry
Writers – Lars Aass, Marion Raven, Marit Larsen

</doc>
<doc id="20273028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273028" title="Yoichi Futori">
Yoichi Futori

Career statistics.
Last update: 14 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20273041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273041" title="Sveti Lenart, Železniki">
Sveti Lenart, Železniki

Sveti Lenart () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Sveti Lenart na Rebri" (literally, 'Saint Leonard on the slope') to "Lenart na Rebri" (literally, 'Leonard on the slope') in 1955. The name was changed on the basis of the 1948 Law on Names of Settlements and Designations of Squares, Streets, and Buildings as part of efforts by Slovenia's postwar communist government to remove religious elements from toponyms. The name "Sveti Lenart" was restored in 1994. In the 19th century the German name was "Sankt Leonhard".

</doc>
<doc id="20273062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273062" title="Yuichi Yamauchi">
Yuichi Yamauchi

Club career stats.
As of 12 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20273067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273067" title="Australian Jazz Bell Awards">
Australian Jazz Bell Awards

Australian Jazz Bell Awards, also known just as the Bell Awards or The Bells, are annual music awards for the jazz music genre in Australia. The awards were named in honour of Australian jazz pianist, composer and band leader, Graeme Bell, at their inception in 2003 at the Melbourne International Jazz Festival.
The awards were launched by State Minister for the Arts, Mary Delahunty, and Graeme Bell on 5 June 2003 to recognise the talent and achievements of Australian jazz artists locally and internationally. The awards were the inspiration of Festival Chairman, Albert Dadon and Artistic Director, Adrian Jackson. Adrian Jackson said at the time, ""The Bells will put the spotlight on the Australian jazz industry that it has never enjoyed before. These new industry gongs will recognise the achievement of excellence by many artists, record companies and venues, and will encourage others to match those achievements."" 
In 2008, the Australian Jazz Awards Limited, a not-for-profit organisation with its own independent board, was established to present the awards which became separate from the Melbourne Jazz Festival committee.
Awards.
2003 Bell Awards.
The inaugural Australian Jazz Awards, or Bell Awards, were presented at Melbourne's Grand Hyatt Hotel on 28 August 2003, honouring artists in nine categories.
2004 Bell Awards.
On 10 August 2004 a new artistic director of the Melbourne International Jazz festival, Carlo Pagnotta, formerly director of Italy's famed Umbria Jazz Festival, announced the 27 nominees of the Bell Awards. The winners were awarded in nine categories on 25 August in Melbourne.
2006 Bell Awards.
In 2006 Albert Dadon took over the role of artistic director of the Melbourne International Jazz festival, following differences with Pagnotta over the festival's direction. Dadon is chairman of the Australian Jazz Bell Awards.
2007 Bell Awards.
In 2007 Albert Dadon continued as artistic director of the Melbourne International Jazz festival and as chairman of the Australian Jazz Bell Awards.
2008 Bell Awards.
On 29 April 2008, the Australian Jazz Awards Limited presented the Australian Jazz Bell Awards, with Deputy Prime Minister of Australia, Julia Gillard attending. The awards were separated from the Melbourne Jazz Festival in 2008 and a new company was formed, The Australian Jazz Awards Limited, a not-for-profit organisation with its own independent board.
2009 Bell Awards.
On 23 April 2009, the Australian Jazz Awards Limited presented the Australian Jazz Bell Awards, with Deputy Prime Minister of Australia, Julia Gillard attending.
2010 Bell Awards.
On 15 April, 2010, the 8th Australian Jazz Bell Awards were presented. 
2011 Bell Awards.
On 5 May, 2011, the 9th Australian Jazz Bell Awards were presented. 
2012 Bell Awards.
On 3 May, 2012, the 10th Australian Jazz Bell Awards were presented. 
2013 Bell Awards.
On 2 May, 2013, the 11th Australian Jazz Bell Awards were presented by Jazz Artist and Chairman Albert Dadon AM and with Tracey Curro as MC at Melbourne’s Regent Theatre. 

</doc>
<doc id="20273071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273071" title="K-B-D">
K-B-D

K-B-D (or K-B-T) is a triliteral Semitic root with the common meaning of to "be heavy", or less literally, "be important".
The basic noun formed from the root means "liver", "interior", "soul" in most Semitic languages.
The root is "K-B-D" for West Semitic languages and "K-B-T" for East Semitic languages with both meaning "be heavy" or "be important". It is found in Akkadian as "K-B-T" and in Amharic, Amorite, Arabic, Hebrew, Phoenician/Punic and Ugaritic as "K-B-D".
Origins.
There is a wide range of uses for "kbd" as a noun among the Semitic languages. It can be used literally to denote the organ of the "liver", or more figuratively to refer to the "interior of the body", which in Semitic psychology is seen as being "the seat of human will and emotions." Therefore, in Akkadian, an East Semitic language which uses the "kbt" root instead, "kabattu" is used to denote the realm of "violent emotions" and "blind passions".
According to Wolfgang Heimpel in "Letters to the King of Mari", the Babylonian root "kbt" was vocalized as "kbd" in Mari, and an adjectival derivation of the root appears in Mari inscriptions that record royal correspondences. Heimpel translated its meaning as "heavy", as in the following exceprt: "The troops are well. The tablets are heavy for the messengers whom Ibal-Pi-El is sending, and so my mail to you is not regular."
The K-B-D root is a constituent of personal names in many Semitic languages and are found in inscriptions of the Amorites, Ugarits, and Punics. Scholars like J.C. de Moor and F. de Meyer have also claimed that "kbd" is used as the root for the name of a deity, "Kabidu".
Use in Ugaritic.
In Ugaritic "kbd" is often paired with "lb" to denote "the seat of feelings and emotions." As in a text which reads: "'Her liver' swells with laughter, her heart is filled with joy, Anat's 'liver' with victory." The Ugaritic verb "kbd" means "to honour", "be weighty/honoured", or figuratively, "to make heavy", and encapsulates only the positive meaning of the word. "Kbd" is also used as an adjective in Ugaritic, meaning "heavy" or "valuable", and was used in administrative texts to describe quantities, whereby "kbd" "designates a heavier weight in contrast to the normal lighter weight."
Use in Hebrew.
"Kbd" appears in the Hebrew Bible 376 times. Twice, its meaning is literally "heavy", as in the first book of Samuel 4:18, where Eli is said to be "heavy", and in second book of Samuel 14:2 where Absalom's hair is described as "heavy". However, the dominant usage of the root throughout most of the text is "heavy", with a meaning negative in connotation. In Hebrew, the word for both heavy and liver is "kaved" (Hebrew: כָּבֵד), following from its Semitic roots.
This negative usage of heavy in the Hebrew Bible has been divided into three sub-groups. The first of these deals with the "insensitivity or dullness of the human body," so that, for example, in the book of Exodus, "kbd" is used to describe "the hardening of the Pharaoh's" heart. The second subgroup involves the use of "kbd" to refer to a concept related to "severity", in terms of "work, slavery, warfare, plague, or famine," and is perhaps best translated in these cases as a transitive verb, such as "burden", "weigh down" or "impede".
The hand of the Lord, for example, is described as "heavy", as in the first book of Samuel 5:6 or in the Psalms 32:4. The third subgroup is one in which "kbd" is used negatively to refer to magnitude in size or numbers, such as in discussing the greatness of a sin, or the size of an army. For example, the sin of Sodom and Gomorrah is described as very heavy.
The use of "kbd" as positive in connotation does also appear in the Hebrew Bible. In Genesis 13:2, Abraham is described as very "heavy" in the context of his material wealth and importance and other figures to whom positive adjectives such as "heroic" or "glorious" are attached, are also described as "kbd" ("heavy"). "Kbd" is also used to refer to the "heaviness" of God, and in this case it is most commonly translated as referring to his "glory". God's glory ("kabhodh": Septuagint "dóxa") was visible fire It is occasionally used also of the soul or spirit in man 
Instead of using K-B-D, Aramaic usually uses יקר "yaqar", meaning "be heavy," and "be precious," which may have subsequently entered Hebrew as an Aramaic loanword. In Hebrew, Y-Q-R is found in the adjective "yaqar" (Hebrew: יָקָר) meaning both dear and expensive, the noun "yqar" (Hebrew: יְקָר) meaning honor and respect 
and another noun, "yoqer" (Hebrew: יֹקֶר) meaning expensiveness, one verb "yaqar" (Hebrew: יָקַר) meaning to be appreciated and another verb "yiqer" (Hebrew: יִקֵּר) meaning to make expensive.
In the Dead Sea Scrolls, the usage of the root closely follows the biblical usage. Of the 30 occurrences of the root, 13 are of the nif'al participle ("those who are honored"), 10 are of the word meaning honor, though in addition there is one instance of the postbiblical meaning "sweep up, clean." In terms of its positive connotations the root is also found in this word for honour "kavod" (כָּבוֹד) which is found in the Hebrew expression "Kol HaKavod" (Hebrew: כֹּל הַכָּבוֹד) meaning "all of the honour" and used to congratulate someone for a job well done. B'khavod (Hebrew: בכבוד, "with honour") is the most common valediction used in Hebrew.
Use in Arabic.
The root "kbd" is used as in the other Semitic languages to refer to the "interior" or "middle" of something, and this is its most common use in Arabic. In both Hebrew and Arabic, as a noun, it means "liver," and the liver in Arabic and Hebrew, as with the other Semitic languages described above, is "an organ thought to be the seat of passion, especially of burning feelings like hate, spite, malice, etc." It can also be used to refer to the entire stomach and entrails. For example, in a Bedouin poem from central Arabia, it is written that "clean, sweet water filled my entrails (after revenge was taken)." or in Jewish Liturgy "God scrutinizes the Entrails and Hearts men"
In Arabic, the verb "kabada" itself is limited to its negative meaning of "oppress" and "endure". However, K-B-D shows instances of semantic overlap with the root K-B-R. So that in Arabic, for example, the verb "kabura" means to "be/become large", echoing the semantic meaning of the K-B-D root as used in other Semitic languages.

</doc>
<doc id="20273087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273087" title="Amanda Hooton">
Amanda Hooton

Amanda Hooton is an award winning Australian journalist and columnist with the "Sydney Morning Herald" and "The Age" often writing for the "Good Weekend" Magazine which is a weekend supplement that is distributed with those newspapers.
References.
Amanda Hooton The Age Profile
Walkley Award winner 
Australian Sports Commission Media Award winner

</doc>
<doc id="20273101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273101" title="Taku Akahoshi">
Taku Akahoshi

Club career stats.
As of 11 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20273119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273119" title="Captain Eager and the Mark of Voth">
Captain Eager and the Mark of Voth

Captain Eager and the Mark of Voth (2008) is a science-fiction/comedy film directed by Simon DaVision, starring James Vaughan, Tamsin Greig, Mark Heap and Richard Leaf. The film parodies classic B-movies through its deliberately nonsensical, superfluous storyline, poor production values, laughable dialogue and weak, inconsistent performances.
The film was shot in London over a period of four weeks, with contributions from several CGI artists. In accordance with the production's knowing satire of cheesy sci-fi, the credits for "Captain Eager" claim that it was filmed using "Card-o-Scope", and that CGI stands for "Cardboard and Gum Imagery".
Synopsis.
Square-jawed hero Captain Eager is assigned the task of spying on Colonel Regamun, who has taken over the Veritan Sectot using a mysterious device known only as the "Mark of Voth".
Accompanied by his friends Professor Moon, Nurse Boobalicious, Scamp the Rocket Dog, Scrutty and Jenny, Eager must face down Regamun while also battling various alien monsters from his past adventures.
Reception.
The film polarised critics; while some appreciated the surreal tone and knowing satire, others were left infuriated by the deliberately idiotic storyline and claimed it was a one-joke movie.

</doc>
<doc id="20273142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273142" title="Croul-Palms House">
Croul-Palms House

The Croul-Palms House is a private residence located at 1394 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. The house is named after its first two owners, Jerome Croul and Francis Palms. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
History.
In 1881, Jerome Croul commissioned William Scott to build this house at a cost of $25,000. Croul was a successful merchant of woolens and sheepskins, owning (with his brother William) the firm of Croul Brothers. Croul was also a Detroit Fire Commissioner.
In 1887, Croul sold the house to Celimene Palms, the wife of Francis. Francis Palms was a major Detroit landowner, inheriting a substantial fortune from his father. Francis died in 1905, but his wife continued to live in the house until her death in 1914. The structure was converted into a boarding house with 25 rooms. The Palms family continued to own the house through their realty company until 1945. In 1954, the house was again converted into an apartment building with eight apartments. In 1983, the house was restored for use as office space.
Description.
The Croul-Palms house boasts irregular massing, contrasting materials, and a picturesque roofline, all details characteristic of Queen Anne architecture. The house is 2½ stories, and is constructed from red brick on a rock-faced stone foundation. There are additional curved stone details, as well as stone banding and stone window hoods. The house has bay windows stretching the full three stories, and the multi-planed roof boasts projecting gables and decorative chimney caps. The exterior of the houseis original but for the demoltion of front and side porches and a small third-floor balconet, and the replacement of the slate roof.
There was originally a two-story brick barn behind the house, built a year after the house itself; the barn was demolished in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="20273145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273145" title="Yuichi Shibakoya">
Yuichi Shibakoya

Club career statistics.
As of 11 July 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20273151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273151" title="Seasoning (disambiguation)">
Seasoning (disambiguation)

Seasoning is the process of imparting flavor to, or improving the flavor of, food.
Seasoning may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20273157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273157" title="Choi Yoon-Yeol">
Choi Yoon-Yeol

Choi Yoon-Yeol (born 17 April 1974) is a South Korean former football player.
Born in Andong, South Korea, he started his professional football career at Chunnam Dragons and played at FC Seoulm, then knowns as Anyang LG Cheetahs, Pohang Steelers and Daejeon Citizen. Daejeon Citizen is his last club. As of before the 2008 season, he retired from professional football. On 2010, he moved to Cheongju Jikji FC as an amateur footballer.
He played for the South Korea national football team and was a participant at the 1996 Summer Olympics and 1998 Asian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20273158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273158" title="The Man Who Liked to Look at Himself">
The Man Who Liked to Look at Himself

The Man Who Liked To Look at Himself is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1970s Rocksburg, a fictional, blue-collar, Rustbelt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania, adjacent to Pittsburgh).
Mario Balzic is the protagonist, an atypical detective for the genre, a Serbo-Italian American cop, middle-aged, unpretentious, a family man who asks questions and uses more sense than force. 
As the novel opens, Balzic and Lt. Harry Minyon of the state police are hunting pheasant at the Rocksburg Rod and Gun Club when, after Minyon's dog bites Balzic, the dog uncovers a piece of human bone that shows signs of having been hacked apart.
It is the second book in the 17-volume Rocksburg series.

</doc>
<doc id="20273195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273195" title="Russell Payne (author)">
Russell Payne (author)

Russell Payne is an English author of humour, science fiction and fantasy short stories and novels, weblogs, graphic novels, comics, and films. His notable works include "Morris Telford - A Salopian Odyssey" weblog for the BBC and subsequent novel, "Marlowe Bidforth's Backpack Adventure", and the Prism award-winning "American Spoon Indigo". He collaborated with screenwriter Philip Railsback on a number of screenplays. Famous in writing circles for using a staggering number of pseudonyms, he argues that this helps keep his work fresh, ensures the writing stands on its own merit rather than his reputation and "irritates my publicist so much that it's become a self-destructive habit I can't give up". He is also the co-founder along with Darrell Till of the media production company Tiny Lapel.
The music video "Sell Out Story" for the band "The Ohms" was animated and directed by him as a favour for a friend and went on to win the "2004 Mill Award for new media Animation".
He has recently been appearing at comicbook conventions in the UK giving talks on Jack Kirby and representing the Jack Kirby Museum.
He lives and works near Blackpool, Lancashire.

</doc>
<doc id="20273201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273201" title="Junpei Mizobata">
Junpei Mizobata


</doc>
<doc id="20273206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273206" title="Kazuya Iio">
Kazuya Iio

Club career stats.
As of 1 January 2013

</doc>
<doc id="20273230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273230" title="Nam Phong Formation">
Nam Phong Formation

The Nam Phong Formation is the basal unit of the Khorat Group. It consists of resistant, red-brown micaceous sandstones, conglomerates, siltstone and mudstone of mainly fluvial origin. The sandstones are medium to very fine-grained and are usually calcareous. The conglomerates contain pebbles of quartz, brown and grey chert, and reddish brown siltstone. Cross bedding and plane-bed stratification are common in the sandstones and conglomerates. The sandstones and conglomerates make up approximately 30% of the formation. This sedimentary rock formation is found in Khon Kaen Province, Thailand. It is of Norian to Rhaetian age (Upper Triassic) to (Lower Jurassic) age, and is notable for its fossils of early dinosaurs.
Vertebrate fauna.
Indeterminate prosauropod remains are present in Khon Kaen Province.

</doc>
<doc id="20273239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273239" title="Conditioning (probability)">
Conditioning (probability)

Beliefs depend on the available information. This idea is formalized in probability theory by conditioning. Conditional probabilities, conditional expectations and conditional distributions are treated on three levels: discrete probabilities, probability density functions, and measure theory. Conditioning leads to a non-random result if the condition is completely specified; otherwise, if the condition is left random, the result of conditioning is also random.
This article concentrates on interrelations between various kinds of conditioning, shown mostly by examples. For systematic treatment (and corresponding literature) see more specialized articles mentioned below.
Conditioning on the discrete level.
Example. A fair coin is tossed 10 times; the random variable "X" is the number of heads in these 10 tosses, and "Y" — the number of heads in the first 3 tosses. In spite of the fact that "Y" emerges before "X" it may happen that someone knows "X" but not "Y".
Conditional probability.
Given that "X" = 1, the conditional probability of the event "Y" = 0 is P("Y" = 0 | "X" = 1) = P("Y" = 0, "X" = 1) / P("X" = 1) = 0.7. More generally,
for "x" = 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7; otherwise (for "x" = 8, 9, 10), P ( "Y" = 0 | "X" = "x" ) = 0. One may also treat the conditional probability as a random variable, — a function of the random variable "X", namely,
The expectation of this random variable is equal to the (unconditional) probability,
namely,
which is an instance of the law of total probability E ( P ( "A" | "X" ) ) = P ( "A" ).
Thus, P ( "Y" = 0 | "X" = 1 ) may be treated as the value of the random variable P ( "Y" = 0 | "X" ) corresponding to "X" = 1. On the other hand, P("Y" = 0 | "X" = 1) is well-defined irrespective of other possible values of "X".
Conditional expectation.
Given that "X" = 1, the conditional expectation of the random variable "Y" is E ( "Y" | "X" = 1 ) = 0.3. More generally,
for "x" = 0, ..., 10. (In this example it appears to be a linear function, but in general it is nonlinear.) One may also treat the conditional expectation as a random variable, — a function of the random variable "X", namely,
The expectation of this random variable is equal to the (unconditional) expectation of "Y",
namely,
or simply 
which is an instance of the law of total expectation E ( E ( "Y" | "X" ) ) = E ( "Y" ).
The random variable E("Y" | "X") is the best predictor of "Y" given "X". That is, it minimizes the mean square error E ( "Y" - "f"("X") )2 on the class of all random variables of the form "f"("X"). This class of random variables remains intact if "X" is replaced, say, with 2"X". Thus, E ( "Y" | 2"X" ) = E ( "Y" | "X" ). It does not mean that E ("Y" | 2"X" ) = 0.3 × 2"X"; rather, E ( "Y" | 2"X" ) = 0.15 × 2"X" = 0.3 "X". In particular, E ("Y" | 2"X"=2) = 0.3. More generally, E ("Y" | "g"("X")) = E ( "Y" | "X" ) for every function "g" that is one-to-one on the set of all possible values of "X". The values of "X" are irrelevant; what matters is the partition (denote it α"X") 
of the sample space Ω into disjoint sets {"X" = "xn"}. (Here formula_11 are all possible values of "X".) Given an arbitrary partition α of Ω, one may define the random variable E ( "Y" | α ). Still, E ( E ( "Y" | α)) = E ( "Y" ).
Conditional probability may be treated as a special case of conditional expectation. Namely, P ( "A" | "X" ) = E ( "Y" | "X" ) if "Y" is the indicator of "A". Therefore the conditional probability also depends on the partition α"X" generated by "X" rather than on "X" itself; P ( "A" | "g"("X") ) = P ("A" | "X") = P ("A" | α), α = α"X" = α"g"("X").
On the other hand, conditioning on an event "B" is well-defined, provided that P ("B") ≠ 0, irrespective of any partition that may contain "B" as one of several parts.
Conditional distribution.
Given "X" = x, the conditional distribution of "Y" is
for 0 ≤ "y" ≤ min ( 3, "x" ). It is the hypergeometric distribution H ( "x"; 3, 7 ), or equivalently, H ( 3; "x", 10-"x" ). The corresponding expectation 0.3 "x", obtained from the general formula 
for H ( "n"; "R", "W" ), is nothing but the conditional expectation E ("Y" | "X" = "x") = 0.3 "x".
Treating H ( "X"; 3, 7 ) as a random distribution (a random vector in the four-dimensional space of all measures on {0,1,2,3}), one may take its expectation, getting the unconditional distribution of "Y", — the binomial distribution Bin ( 3, 0.5 ). This fact amounts to the equality
for "y" = 0,1,2,3; just the law of total probability.
Conditioning on the level of densities.
Example. A point of the sphere "x"2 + "y"2 + "z"2 = 1 is chosen at random according to the uniform distribution on the sphere. The random variables "X", "Y", "Z" are the coordinates of the random point. The joint density of "X", "Y", "Z" does not exist (since the sphere is of zero volume), but the joint density "f""X","Y" of "X", "Y" exists,
(The density is non-constant because of a non-constant angle between the sphere and the plane.) The density of "X" may be calculated by integration,
surprisingly, the result does not depend on "x" in (−1,1),
which means that "X" is distributed uniformly on (−1,1). The same holds for "Y" and "Z" (and in fact, for "aX" + "bY" + "cZ" whenever "a"2 + b2 + c2 = 1).
Conditional probability.
Calculation.
Given that "X" = 0.5, the conditional probability of the event "Y" ≤ 0.75 is the integral of the conditional density,
More generally,
for all "x" and "y" such that −1 < "x" < 1 (otherwise the denominator "f""X"("x") vanishes) and formula_21 (otherwise the conditional probability degenerates to 0 or 1). One may also treat the conditional probability as a random variable, — a function of the random variable "X", namely,
The expectation of this random variable is equal to the (unconditional) probability,
which is an instance of the law of total probability E ( P ( "A" | "X" ) ) = P ( "A" ).
Interpretation.
The conditional probability P ( "Y" ≤ 0.75 | "X" = 0.5 ) cannot be interpreted as P ( "Y" ≤ 0.75, "X" = 0.5 ) / P ( "X" = 0.5 ), since the latter gives 0/0. Accordingly, P ( "Y" ≤ 0.75 | "X" = 0.5 ) cannot be interpreted via empirical frequencies, since the exact value "X" = 0.5 has no chance to appear at random, not even once during an infinite sequence of independent trials.
The conditional probability can be interpreted as a limit,
Conditional expectation.
The conditional expectation E ( "Y" | "X" = 0.5 ) is of little interest; it vanishes just by symmetry. It is more interesting to calculate E ( |"Z"| | "X" = 0.5 ) treating |"Z"| as a function of "X", "Y":
More generally,
for −1 < "x" < 1. One may also treat the conditional expectation as a random variable, — a function of the random variable "X", namely,
The expectation of this random variable is equal to the (unconditional) expectation of |"Z"|,
namely,
which is an instance of the law of total expectation E ( E ( "Y" | "X" ) ) = E ( "Y" ).
The random variable E(|"Z"| | "X") is the best predictor of |"Z"| given "X". That is, it minimizes the mean square error E ( |"Z"| - "f"("X") )2 on the class of all random variables of the form "f"("X"). Similarly to the discrete case, E ( |"Z"| | "g"("X") ) = E ( |"Z"| | "X" ) for every measurable function "g" that is one-to-one on (-1,1).
Conditional distribution.
Given "X" = x, the conditional distribution of "Y", given by the density "f""Y"|"X"="x"(y), is the (rescaled) arcsin distribution; its cumulative distribution function is
for all "x" and "y" such that "x"2 + "y"2 < 1.The corresponding expectation of "h"("x","Y") is nothing but the conditional expectation E ( "h"("X","Y") | "X"="x" ). The mixture of these conditional distributions, taken for all "x" (according to the distribution of "X") is the unconditional distribution of "Y". This fact amounts to the equalities
the latter being the instance of the law of total probability mentioned above.
What conditioning is not.
On the discrete level conditioning is possible only if the condition is of nonzero probability (one cannot divide by zero). On the level of densities, conditioning on "X" = "x" is possible even though P ( "X" = "x" ) = 0. This success may create the illusion that conditioning is "always" possible. Regretfully, it is not, for several reasons presented below.
Geometric intuition: caution.
The result P ( "Y" ≤ 0.75 | "X" = 0.5 ) = 5/6, mentioned above, is geometrically evident in the following sense. The points ("x","y","z") of the sphere "x"2 + "y"2 + "z"2 = 1, satisfying the condition "x" = 0.5, are a circle "y"2 + "z"2 = 0.75 of radius formula_32 on the plane "x" = 0.5. The inequality "y" ≤ 0.75 holds on an arc. The length of the arc is 5/6 of the length of the circle, which is why the conditional probability is equal to 5/6.
This successful geometric explanation may create the illusion that the following question is trivial.
It may seem evident that the conditional distribution must be uniform on the given circle (the intersection of the given sphere and the given plane). Sometimes it really is, but in general it is not. Especially, "Z" is distributed uniformly on (-1,+1) and independent of the ratio "Y"/"X", thus, P ( "Z" ≤ 0.5 | "Y"/"X" ) = 0.75. On the other hand, the inequality "z" ≤ 0.5 holds on an arc of the circle "x"2 + "y"2 + "z"2 = 1, "y" = "cx" (for any given "c"). The length of the arc is 2/3 of the length of the circle. However, the conditional probability is 3/4, not 2/3. This is a manifestation of the classical Borel paradox.
Another example. A random rotation of the three-dimensional space is a rotation by a random angle around a random axis. Geometric intuition suggests that the angle is independent of the axis and distributed uniformly. However, the latter is wrong; small values of the angle are less probable.
The limiting procedure.
Given an event "B" of zero probability, the formula formula_33 is useless, however, one can try formula_34 for an appropriate sequence of events "B""n" of nonzero probability such that "B""n" ↓ "B" (that is, formula_35 and formula_36). One example is given above. Two more examples are Brownian bridge and Brownian excursion. 
In the latter two examples the law of total probability is irrelevant, since only a single event (the condition) is given. By contrast, in the example above the law of total probability applies, since the event "X" = 0.5 is included into a family of events "X" = "x" where "x" runs over (−1,1), and these events are a partition of the probability space.
In order to avoid paradoxes (such as the Borel's paradox), the following important distinction should be taken into account. If a given event is of nonzero probability then conditioning on it is well-defined (irrespective of any other events), as was noted above. By contrast, if the given event is of zero probability then conditioning on it is ill-defined unless some additional input is provided. Wrong choice of this additional input leads to wrong conditional probabilities (expectations, distributions). In this sense, ""the concept of a conditional probability with regard to an isolated hypothesis whose probability equals 0 is inadmissible."" (Kolmogorov; quoted in ).
The additional input may be (a) a symmetry (invariance group); (b) a sequence of events "B""n" such that "B""n" ↓ "B", P ( "B""n" ) > 0; (c) a partition containing the given event. Measure-theoretic conditioning (below) investigates Case (c), discloses its relation to (b) in general and to (a) when applicable.
Some events of zero probability are beyond the reach of conditioning. An example: let "X""n" be independent random variables distributed uniformly on (0,1), and "B" the event ""X""n" → 0 as "n" → ∞"; what about P ( "X""n" < 0.5 | "B" ) ? Does it tend to 1, or not? Another example: let "X" be a random variable distributed uniformly on (0,1), and "B" the event ""X" is a rational number"; what about P ( "X" = 1/"n" | "B" ) ? The only answer is that, once again, 
Conditioning on the level of measure theory.
Example. Let "Y" be a random variable distributed uniformly on (0,1), and "X" = "f"("Y") where "f" is a given function. Two cases are treated below: "f" = "f"1 and "f" = "f"2, where "f"1 is the continuous piecewise-linear function
and "f"2 is the Weierstrass function.
Geometric intuition: caution.
Given "X" = 0.75, two values of "Y" are possible, 0.25 and 0.5. It may seem evident that both values are of conditional probability 0.5 just because one point is congruent to another point. However, this is an illusion; see below.
Conditional probability.
The conditional probability P ( "Y" ≤ 1/3 | "X" ) may be defined as the best predictor of the indicator
given "X". That is, it minimizes the mean square error E ( "I" - "g"("X") )2 on the class of all random variables of the form "g" ("X").
In the case "f" = "f"1 the corresponding function "g" = "g"1 may be calculated explicitly,
Alternatively, the limiting procedure may be used,
giving the same result.
Thus, P ( "Y" ≤ 1/3 | "X" ) = "g"1 ("X"). The expectation of this random variable is equal to the (unconditional) probability, E ( P ( "Y" ≤ 1/3 | "X" ) ) = P ( "Y" ≤ 1/3 ), namely,
which is an instance of the law of total probability E ( P ( "A" | "X" ) ) = P ( "A" ).
In the case "f" = "f"2 the corresponding function "g" = "g"2 probably cannot be calculated explicitly. Nevertheless it exists, and can be computed numerically. Indeed, the space L2 (Ω) of all square integrable random variables is a Hilbert space; the indicator "I" is a vector of this space; and random variables of the form "g" ("X") are a (closed, linear) subspace. The orthogonal projection of this vector to this subspace is well-defined. It can be computed numerically, using finite-dimensional approximations to the infinite-dimensional Hilbert space.
Once again, the expectation of the random variable P ( "Y" ≤ 1/3 | "X" ) = "g"2 ("X") is equal to the (unconditional) probability, E ( P ( "Y" ≤ 1/3 | "X" ) ) = P ( "Y" ≤ 1/3 ), namely,
However, the Hilbert space approach treats "g"2 as an equivalence class of functions rather than an individual function. Measurability of "g"2 is ensured, but continuity (or even Riemann integrability) is not. The value "g"2 (0.5) is determined uniquely, since the point 0.5 is an atom of the distribution of "X". Other values "x" are not atoms, thus, corresponding values "g"2 ("x") are not determined uniquely. Once again, ""the concept of a conditional probability with regard to an isolated hypothesis whose probability equals 0 is inadmissible."" (Kolmogorov; quoted in ).
Alternatively, the same function "g" (be it "g"1 or "g"2) may be defined as the Radon–Nikodym derivative
where measures μ, ν are defined by
for all Borel sets formula_45 That is, μ is the (unconditional) distribution of "X", while ν is one third of its conditional distribution,
Both approaches (via the Hilbert space, and via the Radon–Nikodym derivative) treat "g" as an equivalence class of functions; two functions "g" and "g′" are treated as equivalent, if "g" ("X") = "g′" ("X") almost surely. Accordingly, the conditional probability P ( "Y" ≤ 1/3 | "X" ) is treated as an equivalence class of random variables; as usual, two random variables are treated as equivalent if they are equal almost surely.
Conditional expectation.
The conditional expectation E ( "Y" | "X" ) may be defined as the best predictor of "Y" given "X". That is, it minimizes the mean square error E ( "Y" - "h"("X") )2 on the class of all random variables of the form "h"("X").
In the case "f" = "f"1 the corresponding function "h" = "h"1 may be calculated explicitly,
Alternatively, the limiting procedure may be used,
giving the same result.
Thus, E ( "Y" | "X" ) = "h"1 ("X"). The expectation of this random variable is equal to the (unconditional) expectation, E ( E ( "Y" | "X" ) ) = E ( "Y" ), namely,
which is an instance of the law of total expectation E ( E ( "Y" | "X" ) ) = E ( "Y" ).
In the case "f" = "f"2 the corresponding function "h" = "h"2 probably cannot be calculated explicitly. Nevertheless it exists, and can be computed numerically in the same way as "g"2 above, — as the orthogonal projection in the Hilbert space. The law of total expectation holds, since the projection cannot change the scalar product by the constant 1 belonging to the subspace.
Alternatively, the same function "h" (be it "h"1 or "h"2) may be defined as the Radon–Nikodym derivative
where measures μ, ν are defined by
for all Borel sets formula_52 Here E ( "Y"; "A" ) is the restricted expectation, not to be confused with the conditional expectation E ( "Y" | "A" ) = E ("Y"; "A" ) / P ( "A" ).
Conditional distribution.
In the case "f" = "f"1 the conditional cumulative distribution function may be calculated explicitly, similarly to "g"1. The limiting procedure gives
which cannot be correct, since a cumulative distribution function must be right-continuous!
This paradoxical result is explained by measure theory as follows. For a given "y" the corresponding "F""Y"|"X"="x"("y") = P ( "Y" ≤ "y" | "X" = "x" ) is well-defined (via the Hilbert space or the Radon–Nikodym derivative) as an equivalence class of functions (of "x"). Treated as a function of "y" for a given "x" it is ill-defined unless some additional input is provided. Namely, a function (of "x") must be chosen within every (or at least almost every) equivalence class. Wrong choice leads to wrong conditional cumulative distribution functions.
A right choice can be made as follows. First, "F""Y"|"X"="x"("y") = P ("Y" ≤ "y" | "X" = "x") is considered for rational numbers "y" only. (Any other dense countable set may be used equally well.) Thus, only a countable set of equivalence classes is used; all choices of functions within these classes are mutually equivalent, and the corresponding function of rational "y" is well-defined (for almost every "x"). Second, the function is extended from rational numbers to real numbers by right continuity.
In general the conditional distribution is defined for almost all "x" (according to the distribution of "X"), but sometimes the result is continuous in "x", in which case individual values are acceptable. In the considered example this is the case; the correct result for "x" = 0.75,
shows that the conditional distribution of "Y" given "X" = 0.75 consists of two atoms, at 0.25 and 0.5, of probabilities 1/3 and 2/3 respectively.
Similarly, the conditional distribution may be calculated for all "x" in (0, 0.5) or (0.5, 1).
The value "x" = 0.5 is an atom of the distribution of "X", thus, the corresponding conditional distribution is well-defined and may be calculated by elementary means (the denominator does not vanish); the conditional distribution of "Y" given "X" = 0.5 is uniform on (2/3, 1). Measure theory leads to the same result.
The mixture of all conditional distributions is the (unconditional) distribution of "Y".
The conditional expectation E ( "Y" | "X" = "x" ) is nothing but the expectation with respect to the conditional distribution.
In the case "f" = "f"2 the corresponding "F""Y"|"X"="x"(y) = P("Y" ≤ "y" | "X" = "x") probably cannot be calculated explicitly. For a given "y" it is well-defined (via the Hilbert space or the Radon–Nikodym derivative) as an equivalence class of functions (of "x"). The right choice of functions within these equivalence classes may be made as above; it leads to correct conditional cumulative distribution functions, thus, conditional distributions. In general, conditional distributions need not be atomic or absolutely continuous (nor mixtures of both types). Probably, in the considered example they are singular (like the Cantor distribution).
Once again, the mixture of all conditional distributions is the (unconditional) distribution, and the conditional expectation is the expectation with respect to the conditional distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="20273249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273249" title="Henry Fairfax (Royal Navy officer)">
Henry Fairfax (Royal Navy officer)

Admiral Sir Henry Fairfax, KCB, FRGS (21 January 1837 – 20 March 1900) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to serve as Commander-in-Chief, Plymouth. He was the third son of Sir Henry Fairfax, 1st Baronet.
Naval career.
Henry Fairfax joined the Royal Navy in 1850 and, in 1862, was promoted to commander for "distinguished valour in the capture of a pirate slaver". In 1874, as commander of , he led an astronomical expedition to Kerguelen Islands in the southern Indian Ocean. As another decade passed, he was in command of the at the bombardment of Alexandria during the Anglo-Egyptian War of 1882 and was promoted to rear admiral in 1885. In 1887 he received appointment as commander-in-chief of Australia Station, the description given to the naval command of British colonial possessions in Australia and South Pacific and, on 24 October 1889, became Second Naval Lord. He served, from 1892 to 1895, as commander of the Channel Fleet, which was historically charged with defending the waters of the English Channel. In November 1892, stranded on rocks at the entrance to Ferrol Harbour; Fairfax as officer commanding the squadron was court-martialled but was acquitted on the ground that the chart in use was unreliable.
As well as seagoing commands, he held several land based appointments and was captain of "Britannia", the Royal Navy Officer training establishment between 1887 and 1882 as well as being Naval Aide-de-camp to Queen Victoria in 1882.
Fairfax died in Naples in 1900, while serving as Commander-in-Chief, Plymouth.
Family.
In 1872 he married Harriet Kinloch.

</doc>
<doc id="20273251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273251" title="ISCOM">
ISCOM

Immune stimulating complexes (ISCOMs) are spherical open cage-like structures (typically 40 nm in diameter) that are spontaneously formed when mixing together cholesterol, phospholipids and Quillaia saponins under a specific stoichiometry. The complex displays immune stimulating properties and is thus mainly used as a vaccine adjuvant in order to induce a stronger immune response and longer protection.
Content.
ISCOM technology was invented in 1982 by Professor Bror Morein at the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences in Uppsala. The key components of ISCOMs are the Quillaja saponins, which are derived from the bark of the Chilean soap-bark tree Quillaja saponaria Molina. Quillaia saponins are well known for their ability to activate the immune system. It is also known that saponins in general can have toxic side-effects, including the induction of haemolysis. However, when Quillaia saponins, cholesterol and phospholipids are mixed under the specific stoichiometry that forms ISCOMs, this haemolytic activity is practically eliminated, while the adjuvant activity is retained.
Immunological advantages.
ISCOM-Matrix technology offers several immunological and practical advantages over currently available adjuvants. Most adjuvants on the market today mainly activate the humoral immune response (i.e. give an antibody response). There is, however, a clear need for adjuvants able to induce a cell-mediated immune response as well. ISCOM technology generally induces strong activation of both the cell-mediated (Th1 response) and the humoral arms (Th2 response) of the immune system. This generates all classes and sub-classes of antibodies, as well as potent cellular responses, e.g. cytotoxic T lymphocytes. 
This strong induction of the cellular response is one of the hallmarks of ISCOM-Matrix technology. A cell-mediated immune response is crucial for effective vaccination against intracellular pathogens and chronic infections. Moreover, the technology is highly efficient; its long-lasting immune responses allow reduction of the antigen dose. Typically, the dose can be decreased by a factor of 10 to 100, which will significantly cut the production cost of the vaccine. ISCOM-Matrix technology can also be of immense value in a situation when manufacturing capacity is inadequate in the face of an emerging threat such as an influenza pandemic. 
ISCOM technology is also able to induce an adaptive immune response in the presence of pre-existing antibodies, for example in new-borns who have maternal antibodies.
The chemical stability of ISCOM-Matrix is of significant practical value. ISCOMs have demonstrated a shelf-life of several years during storage in aqueous solutions at +2-8°C (compared to months for free saponins). 
Since the ISCOM-Matrix is simply mixed with the antigen post-manufacturing, it offers great production advantages and flexibility in vaccine design. If required, however, the antigen can also be incorporated into the structure.
References.
1. Martina et al., 2003. Vaccine 21, 2433-2440.
2. Rimmelzwaan et al., 2002. Vaccine 20, 158-163.
3. Mooij et al., 2004. J. Virol. 78, 3333-3342.
4. Nguyen et al., 2003. Vaccine 21, 4059-4070.
5. Coulter et al., 2002. Vaccine 21, 946-949.

</doc>
<doc id="20273262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273262" title="Jalan Lapangan Terbang Sultan Haji Ahmad Shah">
Jalan Lapangan Terbang Sultan Haji Ahmad Shah

Jalan Lapangan Terbang Sultan Haji Ahmad Shah, Federal Route is a federal roads in Kuantan, Pahang, Malaysia. It is a main route to Sultan Haji Ahmad Shah Airport.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 420 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20273283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273283" title="Isobel Buchanan">
Isobel Buchanan

Isobel Buchanan (born 15 March 1954) is a Scottish operatic soprano. 
Early life and career.
Isobel Buchanan was born in Glasgow, Scotland. In 1971, she received a scholarship to the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama, where in 1974, she was awarded with Student of the Year prize. She also won the Governor's Recital Prize that same year.
She signed a three year contract with The Australian Opera in 1975 to pursue her career in singing and in 1976 made her professional opera debut as Pamina in the company's production of "The Magic Flute". She was the youngest Principal Artist in the company's history. She made her British debut in 1978 at Glyndebourne Festival Opera, again as Pamina in a new production by John Cox. (She returned to Glyndebourne in 1981 as Countess Almaviva in Mozart's "The Marriage of Figaro" and reprised the role at the 1984 Festival.)
In 1978, she sang "Micaela" in "Carmen" at the Vienna State Opera, conducted by Carlos Kleiber with Plácido Domingo as Don José and Elena Obraztsova as Carmen, in a production by Franco Zeffirelli. She continued adding to her repertoire with Sophie in Massenet's "Werther" and a Flower Maiden in Wagner's "Parsifal" at the Royal Opera House in 1979. Since then, she has appeared at many other major opera houses and companies including the Lyric Opera of Chicago, Scottish Opera, the Metropolitan Opera, Bavarian State Opera, Opéra National de Paris, Hamburg State Opera, Opéra de Monte-Carlo, and the Cologne Opera. She has collaborated with many renowned conductors, including Georg Solti, Bernard Haitink, Andrew Davis, Colin Davis, Sergiu Celibidache, John Pritchard, Neville Marriner, Carlos Kleiber and Yehudi Menuhin.
The BBC made a documentary of her career in 1981. She also appeared in TV programmes such as Face the Music and Parkinson. 
Family.
She is married to the Australian-born English stage actor Jonathan Hyde. They have two daughters; one of them is a British actress, Georgia King.
Repertoire.
Her repertory includes:

</doc>
<doc id="20273286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273286" title="Keiji Takachi">
Keiji Takachi


</doc>
<doc id="20273298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273298" title="Coffee Kids">
Coffee Kids

Coffee Kids is a non-governmental organization based in Santa Fe, New Mexico, dedicated to improving the lives of coffee farmers and their families. Coffee Kids operates predominantly in Central and South America. The organization currently supports several community-based microcredit projects.
History.
Coffee Kids was founded in 1988 by Bill Fishbein, David Abedon and Dean Cycon. Fishbein, a coffee shop owner in Providence, R.I., had been in the coffee business for several years. In 1988, Fishbein visited Guatemala and at the urging of friend, David Abedon, visited many small scale coffee farmers. Fishbein was moved by the poverty that he witnessed and returned to the United States and started Coffee Kids with the help of Dean Cycon and David Abedon 
Funding.
As of June, 30, 2009, business donations make up 84% of the budget, 6% from foundation grants, 4% from in-kind donations, 3% from individual donations, and 2% from merchandise sales. The organization receives no federal or state money. Coffee Kids is a 501(3) tax-exempt organization.

</doc>
<doc id="20273321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273321" title="The Blank Page">
The Blank Page

The Blank Page is a crime novel by the American writer K.C. Constantine set in 1970s Rocksburg, a fictional, blue-collar, Rust Belt town in Western Pennsylvania (modeled on the author's hometown of McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania, adjacent to Pittsburgh).
Plot.
Mario Balzic is the protagonist, an atypical detective for the genre, a Serbo-Italian American cop, middle-aged, unpretentious, a family man who asks questions and uses more sense than force. 
As the novel opens, it is a record-hot Memorial Day when Miss Cynthia Summer calls Police Chief Mario Balzic to say that she hadn't seen one of her student roomers. Balzic discovers Janet Pisula's body on the floor of her room, a blank sheet of typing paper on her stomach...
It is the third book in the 17-volume Rocksburg series.

</doc>
<doc id="20273327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273327" title="Jaguar Conservation Fund">
Jaguar Conservation Fund

The Jaguar Conservation Fund (JCF), known in Portuguese as Instituto Onça-Pintada (IOP), was founded in June 2002 by a group of researchers with a strong background of work dedicated to the species. Its mission is “To promote the conservation of the jaguar, its natural prey and habitat throughout the species' geographical range, as well as its peaceful coexistence with man, through research and conservation strategies". The largest part (48%) of the jaguar’s geographical distribution, which extends from northern Argentina to the southwestern United States, lies within Brazil. However, although nationally considered endangered, until the foundation of the JCF few programs focusing on conservation of the species existed. Today, JCF is the only Brazilian NGO (non-governmental organization) devoted exclusively to promoting the conservation of the jaguar. It is currently implementing scientific research in four Brazilian biomes (Amazon, Cerrado, Caatinga and Pantanal) and supports partner organizations in the Atlantic Forest. Research topics include long-term population monitoring programs for jaguars and their main prey species, and management programs to solve the conflict between the predator and livestock ranchers. Additionally, JCF's projects of cultural, educational and social character contribute to conservation of the jaguar, biodiversity, and to reduction of the effects of global warming. In order to facilitate contact between non-Brazilian supporters/sponsors and JCF activities in Brazil, the Jaguar Conservation Fund –US was founded in 2004 as a 501©3 non-profit organization.
See also.
Red Yaguarete

</doc>
<doc id="20273339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273339" title="Koji Hirose">
Koji Hirose


</doc>
<doc id="20273357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273357" title="Orna Angel">
Orna Angel

Orna Angel (, born 29 July 1962) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party for one week in February 2006.
Biography.
Born in Jerusalem, Angel gained a Bachelor's degree in environmental design and a Master's degree in architecture from the Technion.
For the 2003 elections Angel was placed 21st on the party's list. Although she missed out on a seat when the party won 19 mandates, she entered the Knesset on 8 February 2006 as a replacement for Sofa Landver, who herself had only entered the Knesset on 11 January. However, a week later she resigned her seat due to a conflict of interest (she was employed as CEO of Tel Aviv Port, a government company) and was replaced by Neta Dobrin.

</doc>
<doc id="20273374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273374" title="Yu Eto">
Yu Eto


</doc>
<doc id="20273375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273375" title="La très très grande entreprise">
La très très grande entreprise

La très très grande entreprise (English title: The Very Very Big Company) is a French comedy film directed by Pierre Jolivet and released in France in November 2008. It is an indirect follow-up to his film "Ma petite entreprise", the story of which is set nine years before that of "La très très grande entreprise".
Synopsis.
Four friends - an oyster-farmer, an accountant’s assistant, a restaurateur and a blue-collar worker - decide to take on a multi-national agro-chemical company with a turnover of €9bn and which has been polluting their region on a large scale. Having been awarded a paltry amount of compensation, they decide to seek true justice. They have however just 30 days to uncover vital new evidence ...

</doc>
<doc id="20273378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273378" title="Bratić">
Bratić

Bratić is a surname, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20273386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273386" title="Shui">
Shui

Shui may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20273403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273403" title="Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1922–1925">
Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1922–1925

This is a list of the members of the Australian House of Representatives in the ninth Australian Parliament, which was elected at the 1922 election on 16 December 1922. The incumbent Nationalist Party of Australia led by Prime Minister of Australia Billy Hughes lost its majority. However the opposition Australian Labor Party led by Matthew Charlton did not take office as the Nationalists sought a coalition with the Country Party led by Earle Page, however the Country Party made Hughes's resignation the price for joining. Hughes was replaced by Stanley Bruce.

</doc>
<doc id="20273404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273404" title="Kim Hyun-Soo (born March 1973)">
Kim Hyun-Soo (born March 1973)

Kim Hyun-Soo (born March 13, 1973) is a South Korean former footballer who played as a center back. He is currently the First Team coach of Daegu FC. 
Kim started club career with Pusan Daewoo Royals and was part of the South Korea national football team. He played at 1998 FIFA World Cup qualification.
Honour.
K-League Best XI : 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003

</doc>
