<doc id="20517149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517149" title="Childbirth and obstetrics in antiquity">
Childbirth and obstetrics in antiquity

Childbirth and obstetrics in Classical Antiquity were studied by the physicians of ancient Greece and Rome, who established ideas and practices that endured in Western medicine for centuries. Gynecology and obstetrics were originally studied and taught mainly by midwives in the ancient world, but eventually also by scholarly physicians of both sexes, who wrote works setting the foundation of the later European study of obstetrics. Obstetrics is traditionally defined as the surgical specialty dealing with the care of a woman and her offspring during pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium (recovery). In Classical Antiquity (here meaning the ancient Greco-Roman world), surgical intervention did not exist. Without the presence of surgical technology an alternative was necessary. In 2nd century CE, physician Soranus wrote a text on gynecology describing the occupation of the midwife. 
Midwifery and obstetrics are distinctly different but overlap in medical practice that focuses on pregnancy and labor. Midwifery emphasizes the normality of pregnancy along with the reproductive process. Classical Antiquity saw the beginning of attempts to classify various areas of medical research, and the terms gynecology and obstetrics came into use. The "Hippocratic Gynaecea" (Diseases of Women) was written in two volumes, part of the larger "Hippocratic Corpus" collection of medical literature influenced by Hippocrates.
Women as doctors.
During the era of Classical Antiquity, women practiced as doctors, but they were by far in the minority, being confined to the traditional area of medicine for women: gynecology and obstetrics. The 2nd century CE was the beginning of the "Hippocratic Corpus" in ancient Greece. Greek physicians attempted to standardize medical practice. Aristotle was an important influence on later medical writers in Greece and eventually Europe. Aristotle concluded, similar to the writers of the "Hippocratic Corpus", that women's physiology was fundamentally different from that of men primarily because women were physically weaker, and therefore more prone to symptoms caused in some way by weakness, such as the theory of humourism, that both men and women had several "humours" regulating their physical health, and that women had a "cooler" humour. 
The traditional ancient practices of midwifery in Greece and Rome, as closely linked as they were to religious beliefs, were increasingly at odds with the male-dominated sphere of the scholarly physicians who worked as formal writers and lecturers on obstetrics and gynecology. The "Hippocratic Corpus" writers indicated that men were more rational than women, and that women's physiology made them susceptible to problems that would cause symptoms of irrationality. Continuing with this assumption that men were more rational, men dominated the profession of physicians, an occupation requiring rational research, and for which they believed women were not suited. Physicians studied medicine from the perspective of objective science and rejected supernatural influences on health, looking for purely physical explanations. 
This did not stop women from sometimes becoming physicians, however; Agnodice was said by several ancient writers to have been a popular gynecologist who disguised herself as a man in order to practice as a physician. Philista was a popular professor of medicine who was said to have delivered lectures from behind a curtain, to prevent her beauty from distracting her students. In ancient Greece, there was also an intermediate occupation for midwives with some further medical training, known in Latin as the "iatromea". 
Women doctors may have offered specializations beyond gynecology and obstetrics, and in some instances they did, but in most cases there is not enough information to know how frequently women may have been able to practice medicine beyond these traditional areas for women. As obstetricians and gynecologists, they appear to have been numerous. The Law Code of Justinian presumed women doctors to be primarily obstetricians. The first medical text known to be written by a woman is by Metrodora, "Concerning the Feminine Diseases of the Womb", a work in 63 chapters that was part of a series of at least two works that she authored. The earliest copy dates from between the 2nd century and the 4th century CE. 
A doctor received training through an apprenticeship, often from a relative who was a physician. Receiving recognition as a physician carried civic privileges and responsibilities with it in ancient Greece and Rome, and it was usually a men's sphere. Pantheia, who was the wife of a physician, became one herself, a pattern also seen in the careers of Aurelia Alexandria Zosime and Auguste. Auguste received recognition as a chief doctor of her city, a title her husband also received. Metilia Donata was prominent enough to commission a large public building in Lyon. Anthiochis of Tlos, a doctor who was the daughter of a prominent physician, Diodotus, was recognized by the council of Tlos for her work as a doctor and had a statue of herself erected. She was also a widely discussed expert cited by Galen and others. Aspasia is quoted extensively by Aetius on gynecology.
Midwifery.
Midwifery flourished in ancient civilizations, including Egypt, Byzantium, Mesopotamia, and the Mediterranean empires of Greece and Rome. During Classical Antiquity, the professionalization of medicine began to challenge the domination of this area by women. There were also male physicians who recognized a role for women health practitioners; Herophilus wrote a manual for midwives, an advance for midwifery's status. This was followed by the work of the Greek Soranus of Ephesus, who was widely translated into Latin, and Galen. This Greco-Roman approach differs greatly from other ancient civilizations, where women's role as medical specialists concerning gynecology and obstetrics was apparently unquestioned. Medical schools attached to temples in ancient Egypt were numerous, including well-known medical schools for women at Heliopolis and Sais, where women are also believed to have been the professors. 
Soranus of Ephesus states that for a woman to be an eligible midwife she must be 
Gynecology and pregnancy.
The writers of the "Hippocratic Corpus" separated the "Diseases of Women" from the rest of the "Corpus". There were also a number of influential Hippocratic treatises: "Sterile Women"; "On the Nature of Women"; "Superfetation" (the conception of a second fetus while already pregnant); "Excision of the Fetus" (on complications during delivery); "On the Diseases of Young Girls" (illnesses believed to be caused by delayed marriage); and other treatises covering the development of the fetus at different stages of gestation.
Labor and delivery.
Midwifery and the process of labor and delivery in antiquity go hand in hand. Hospitals did not exist, so delivery took place in the home of the expectant mother with a midwife and the presence of other women to aid the midwife.
Religion played a major role in antiquity including childbirth. Women in labor called upon the goddess Artemis, who had the ability to bring new life into the world as well as the ability to take it away. Though she remained a virgin herself, it was said that she witnessed the pain of her mother during the birth of her brother, Apollo, and immediately assumed the position of midwife. If a woman died while during childbirth, her clothes were taken to the temple of Artemis due to the fact her death was attributed to her. If the birth was successful, the mother would make an offering of thanks by sacrificing some of her clothes to the goddess as well. 
Herbs and other plants were used heavily in the delivery process, a practice also linked to religious belief. For example, a drink sprinkled with powdered sow’s dung was given to relieve labor pain, and fumigation with the fat from a hyena was thought to produce immediate delivery. Most of these practices had little to no medical efficacy, but they did probably provide some placebo effect. These superstitious practices were very common and differed from the medical training that scholarly physicians attempted to provide through their research and writing. Despite the attempt to use science in advancing medical knowledge, the experimentation and teachings of the "Hippocratic Corpus" were not necessarily more effective than the traditional customs of midwifery. For example, the Hippocratic writers believed that the womb could move out of place and cause health problems, and the prescribed treatment was to coax the displaced womb back into place using sweet-smelling herbs. 
Significant advances were made in child bearing with the introduction of the "Hippocratic Corpus" in the 3rd century BCE, though this document still proved to implement many ideas concerning superstitions. Physician, Galen, also provided much advancement in medicine for women in the late 1st century CE, though he focused mostly on specific diseases with only some aspects of labor mentioned. Physician Soranus, who wrote several texts on gynecology in the 2nd century CE, has proven to be the most eminent authority on childbirth and obstetrics in Classical Antiquity. 
Soranus described three main stages of pregnancy: conception, which regarded keeping the male seed within the womb; pica, which occurred 40 days into pregnancy and included symptoms of nausea and cravings for extraordinary foods. During this phase women were also instructed to exercise and sleep more to build up strength as preparation for the labor process. The final stage of pregnancy was described being the labor and the process of delivery. In preparation for labor, the woman was advised to bathe in wine and sweet-water baths to calm her mind before delivery. Her belly was then rubbed with oils to decrease the appearance of stretch marks and her genitals were anointed with herbs and injected with softeners such as goose fat.
The role of the midwife was very important during the process of childbirth and Soranus described her role in great detail. For example, the midwife was to have certain tools to ensure a safe delivery, including: clean olive oil, sea sponges, pieces of wool bandages to cradle the infant, a pillow, strong smelling herbs in case of fainting, and a birthing stool. 
The midwife would ready her supplies as labor began. During the labor process, the mother would lie on her back on a hard, low 
bed with support under her hips. Her thighs were parted with her feet drawn up. Gentle massage was implemented to ease labor pains as cloths soaked in warm olive oil were laid over her stomach and genital area. Against the woman's sides were placed hot compresses in the form of warm oil-filled bladders. 
During the actual birth, the mother would be moved to the birthing stool where she was seated with a midwife in front of her and female aids standing at her sides. In a normal headfirst delivery, the cervical opening was stretched slightly, and the rest of the body was pulled out. Soranus instructed the midwife to wrap her hands in pieces of cloth or thin papyrus so that the slippery newborn did not slide out of her grasp.
Caesarian sections.
The word “caesarian” possibly derives from the ancient Roman ruler Julius Caesar, because it was believed that Caesar was delivered through this procedure. However, this is probably based more on tradition and myth than historical accuracies. Another possibility for the etymology of the word “caesarian” is the Latin word "caedere", meaning “to cut”.
This practice is probably much older than Julius Caesar, but "C-sections", as performed by the Romans, were done to rescue the baby from a dying or already dead mother, and were performed post-mortem.
Evidence suggests that Jews in ancient Rome successfully practiced C-sections on living mothers who were not in danger of dying. Evidence of these procedures is found in several collections of ancient Roman Rabbis, the most famous of which is called the Mishnah.
Greeks and Egyptians did not perform C-sections, either post-mortem or on living mothers. However, Greeks would have had at least some knowledge of the caesarian operation and the procedure involved. The Greek god Aesclepius was fabled to have been extracted from his mother’s womb through this procedure.
Other than the evidence of Jews practicing C-sections in antiquity (very little in ancient Rome, even less in ancient Greece), not much more evidence exists regarding caesarian-operation birth. One reason could have been that C-sections were not performed very often because of medical complications or superstitions surrounding C-sections. 
In early Christian Rome, C-sections were almost non-existent. Loss of skill is a possibility for the lack of C-sections. Infant mortality rates were high in antiquity, so C-sections certainly could have been useful. However, early Christian doctors could have disregarded C-sections as a socially acceptable surgery because of religious beliefs. 
The lack of education for women (who would have been the most knowledgeable about childbirth procedures) and the social norm that women remained in the private sphere of life (as opposed to public) is theorized to also have contributed to a shortage of C-sections. Midwives were the primary persons involved in the childbirth process. Midwives were women, and in ancient Greece and Rome were not considered actually physicians. They did not record their medical practices in writing like Soranus or Galen. Thus, C-sections could have potentially occurred on a fairly regular basis, accounts were simply not recorded. 
Disease, a perceived need for secrecy, and social discouragement could also have been factors that lead to the decline in C-sections among early Christians in Rome. Almost no evidence exists for C-sections in the Christian world until the 10th century.
Death and childbirth.
Mortality is considered to have been quite high in antiquity, due to a few factors: a lack of sanitation and hygienic awareness, no understanding of micro-organisms, and a dearth of effective drugs all contributed. In the context of childbirth, however, maternal and infant mortality were seriously raised by modern standards. This inflation resulted from the toll childbirth took on women, and the increased risk of infection following labor. Infants are fragile compared to adults, and the lack of sanitation mentioned above contributed further to this fragility.
Maternal
Maternal mortality figures are available only through comparison. While well-attested in the sense that sources are not lacking, all evidence is anecdotal and difficult to extrapolate valid statistics from. Therefore, maternal mortality is thought to be comparable with figures for similar, but much later, societies with more surviving records, such as eighteenth-century rural England, where maternal mortality averaged 25 per 1000 births.
Infant
The question of infant mortality in antiquity is complicated by infanticide and exposure, neither of which reflect on medical ability during the period, though both remove children from family records. The former does this through intentional death of the child, and the latter through abandonment, and possible death. These reflect instead on social conditions and norms. While valuable, this is not the information sought, and scholars having painstakingly attempted to eliminate the noise from their inquiries. 
While it is difficult to construct actual figures of the infant mortality rate in antiquity, comparisons have been made between ancient societies and modern non-industrialized societies. The figures suggested for these are then compared with those of modern industrialized societies to put them in perspective. While infant mortality is less than 10 per 1000 in modern industrialized societies, non-industrialized societies display rates from 50 to 200+ per 1000. Scholarship using model life tables and assuming life expectancy at birth of 25 years produces the figure of 300 per 1000 for Roman society.

</doc>
<doc id="20517150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517150" title="Ventura County Library">
Ventura County Library

Ventura County Library is a public library system of 12 libraries in Ventura County, California. Ventura County Library may be found online at http://www.vencolibrary.org/.
Ventura County Library features half a million items available for circulation and over 45 databases, including streamimg video, downloadable music and thousands of downloadable ebooks and audiobooks available online. All branch libraries offer wireless access for library visitors, and have public computers available offering internet, word processing, and other online services.
The Ventura County Library system was organized in 1916. A history of early library services in the city of Ventura can be found in the Winter 1983 issue of the "Ventura County Historical Society Quarterly", Volume 28, Number 2.
The Ventura County Library serves and issues library cards to all residents of the County, and to others living elsewhere in California upon request.
Avenue Library.
The Avenue Library occupies the lower floor of an historic landmark, "Casa de Anza", one of the few remaining brick buildings in the city from the 1920s.
The Avenue Library features a public art mural, "Portrait of a Neighborhood", by Catherine Day, currently an art instructor at Ventura College. This colorful mural wraps around three walls of the library and depicts scenes from the Chumash and mission era to contemporary street scenes and commemorates the designation of one of Ventura's oldest neighborhoods, the Simpson Tract, as a historic district.
The library has a computer lab and Homework Center, a copy machine, and a magnifying machine for people with low vision. The library has a collection of books and movies for both children and adults in Spanish. There is a small collection of the history of Ventura Avenue and West Ventura.
The library participates in the County Library’s Summer Reading Program and the El Dia de los Ninos/El Dia de los Libros in late April and the Fall Fun Day in late October are popular annual activities at the Avenue Library.
E. P. Foster Library, Ventura.
The public library in Ventura joined the new County Library in 1916. The E.P Foster Library opened in 1921 at its present location thanks to generous donations from Eugene Preston Foster and his wife, Orpha Mae Foster, who donated funds for a building that originally housed both the public library and city hall. The library building was constructed on what had been the property of the noted horticulturalist, Theodosia Burr Shepard. In 1959, new construction was fronted onto the original brick library that more than doubled the size of the library. In 1999, the library closed for several months for a major renovation that updated the infrastructure and opened the second floor for public access and service.
The Foster Library has expanded children's services on the second floor. There are storytimes on Tuesday at 10:30 am and Wednesday at 3:30, and on Saturday at noon a Paws for Reading program pairs children with trained dogs that the children can read to. Special adult collections include self-help law, a songbook and hymn book collection, and a job and career collection. The library collects heavily in cook books, creating and running a small business, as well as local, California and Western US history. The library is expanding its Spanish language collections for adults, and has a growing DVD collection. There is a large print collection. In addition to the adult fiction collection, Foster Library has separate collection for mysteries, science fiction, short stories and westerns.
The Topping Room, named after a previous County Librarian, Elizabeth Russell Topping, is available to groups in the community for public meetings for a charge. The room has tables and chairs, a projection screen, and rest rooms.
Oak View Library.
The Oak View Library is located in the Oak View Park and Resource Center, which is a success story of a Community Works Project. The community of Oak View, through the efforts of local public and private organizations, grants, and individual donations, helped purchase and develop a former school property for public nonprofit use. The Oak View area assessment district voted a self-imposed tax to fund and sustain the project.
The Center is in the heart of Oak View with a playground, sports field, and buildings built in the "Ojai Scenic" style that embodies a love of natural light and art deco influences. Some of the services offered at the Center include the Oak View Library, Boys & Girls Club, Oak View Teen Center, Ojai Birth Resource and Family Center, and Smart Start Child Development Center.
Oak View Library offers a computer lab with word processing, Internet access, and black & white printing capability, a self-serve copy machine, wireless Internet access. A Homework Center, funded by the Ojai Valley Friends and Foundation helps young people Monday through Thursday from 3 to 5:30 pm. Collections include material of high-interest for children and teens, as well as popular, mystery and large print fiction for adults, a small selection of books on audio CD and a large collection of books on audio-cassette, a selection of DVDs and videocassettes, and a selection of Spanish-language materials for children and adults. In addition, the library has a collection of popular magazines and newspaper subscriptions to the Ventura County Star (kept for one month) and the Ojai Valley News (kept for three months). First known as "The Ojai," the Ojai Valley News has been in continuous publication since 1891, and serves a population of 30,000 people in the city of Ojai and surrounding areas.
Oak Park Library.
The Oak Park library is a shared public library / school library facility with the Oak Park High School. the library has a computer lab and copy machine. There are a few Spanish books. There is a Friends of the Library used book store inside the library. Storytime at 10:30 every Thursday morning, and the We’ll Read book club for 3rd through 5th graders meets the first Tuesday of the month. The Lego Club meets in the library the first Saturday of each month. Oak Park Library has two "Kill a watt" kits available to check out that allow the a person to see how much electricity is being used at their home, sponsored by the Oak Park Unified School District's Edison Challenge teams in partnership with Oak Park Library. To further protect the environment, the rest rooms use recycled water. The library displays the annual winners of the Oak Park High School art competition sponsored by the Parent Faculty Committee.
Ojai Library.
In 1889 Ojai residents raised $100 and Sherman Thacher donated $500 for books, a library supporter donated a downtown lot and a local builder built a simple wooden building. The George Thacher Memorial Library opened in 1893. In 1907 the building was moved to a larger lot and expanded. In 1916 the Ojai Library became affiliated with the Ventura County Library. The library was moved again in 1928 to land donated by Edward Libbey and a new building designed by Carleton Winslow in a Spanish hacienda style. By 1979 the library needed more space. An addition was designed by architects Fisher and Wilde to double the size of the library to and blend with the original Winslow building. Now the library is again in need of an expansion. The Grow Your Library committee was formed in 2006 and is raising money to add a children’s wing and meeting room.
Port Hueneme Library.
Port Hueneme’s first library was founded by prominent resident, Senator Thomas Bard, in the 1880s but closed a few years later. In 1909, the Women’s Improvement Club reestablished the Hueneme Library which operated as a branch of the Oxnard Library. Ventura County Library began operation of a branch library to serve the Hueneme School District and in 1936, Hueneme Library joined the Ventura County Library system. In 1960, the branch relocated to a new facility. The current facility was built in 1989, providing Port Hueneme residents with a library reflective of the community’s ocean environment, with natural light and ocean wave-inspired Italian glass mosaics by Ventura artist, Helle Scharling-Todd, “designed to express the conflicting energies found in the ever-changing sea.” Mosaics representing the tide begin outside the library and continue into the lobby; wave forms are depicted on the far wall inside the library.
The current building was designed by Scott Ellinwood and incorporates an energy efficient lighting system that makes use of natural light as much as possible (clerestories and windows glazed with high-transmittance, heat absorbing glass allow daylight to be used for interior illumination during the day; sensors switch on electric light as daylight fades).
The library has a computer lab and homework center, a copy machine, a microfilm reader printer and a microfche reader printer. Prueter Library has books in Spanish for both children and adults. Because the library is in the home of the navy base, the library makes an effort to collect materials about Port Hueneme, the Seabees, and the U.S. Navy.
The library has some collections of older papers, including the Port Hueneme Harbor Bulletin (Jun 1, 1938 – Aug 8, 1941) on microfilm; the Port Hueneme Herald (Aug 15, 1941 – May 1, 1942) on microfilm; the Port Hueneme Herald Express (1941–1945) with some missing issues, and (1946 – Aug 31, 1951) on microfilm; and, the Port Hueneme Pilot (Sep 1951 – Mar 27, 1963) on microfilm.
Annual special events include the Spring Carnival, held in late April, with games, prizes, and crafts are on hand for children ages 4–10. This annual event is a service project of the Teen Advisory Board and is sponsored by the Friends of the Port Hueneme Library. Also held annually is the Horror in the Stacks held in late October. The Library and the Teen Advisory Board invites teens (13-17) for a scary stroll through the “haunted” library. This annual event is sponsored by the Friends of the Port Hueneme Library.
There are many preschool storytime programs for ages 0–5 and Bilingual storytimes as well.
The Friends have an ongoing book sale in the lobby of the Ray D. Prueter Library. A large book sale is held annually in April.
Other Libraries.
Fillmore Library
Meiners Oaks Library
Museum of Ventura County - Research Library
Piru Library
Saticoy Library
Albert H. Soliz Library (in El Rio)
Other Library Systems.
There are five city libraries within Ventura County:

</doc>
<doc id="20517151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517151" title="Will Martingell">
Will Martingell

William ("Will") Martingell (born 20 August 1818 at Nutfield, Surrey; died 29 September 1897 at Eton Wick, Buckinghamshire) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1839 to 1860.
A right-handed batsman and right arm medium pace roundarm bowler who was mainly associated with Kent and Surrey, he made 182 known appearances in first-class matches. He represented the Players in the Gentlemen v Players series and was an original member of William Clarke's All-England Eleven. 

</doc>
<doc id="20517155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517155" title="Latrobe Athletic Association">
Latrobe Athletic Association

The Latrobe Athletic Association was a professional football team located in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, from 1895 until 1909. The team is best known for being the first football club to play a full season while composed entirely of professional players. In 1895, team's quarterback, John Brallier, also became the first football player to openly turn pro, by accepting $10 and expenses to play for Latrobe against the Jeannette Athletic Club.
Origins.
In 1895 the local Latrobe YMCA organized a local football team and announce that the team play a formal schedule. With the decision, Russell Aukerman, an instructor at the club and a former Gettysburg College halfback, was named as a player-coach. Meanwhile, David Berry, an editor-publisher of a local newspaper, the "Latrobe Clipper", was chosen as the team's manager. Harry Ryan, a former tackle from West Virginia University, was then elected as the team's captain. The then team began to conduct daily practices in early August. Since many of the players held jobs unrelated to football, those men working different shifts were accommodated with evening drills when they could not attend regular sessions in the afternoon. Their practices were held on a vacant Pennsylvania Railroad lot at the corner of Depot and Alexandria Streets, which was lit at night by a street light.
First admitted professional football player.
Just before the start of the season, Latrobe quarterback Eddie Blair found himself in a scheduling conflict. Blair, who also played baseball in nearby Greensburg, discovered that the team's first football game against the Jeannette Athletic Club conflicted with a prior baseball commitment. Berry was now given the task for replacing Blair, for the game. He heard of an Indiana Normal quarterback named John Brallier. Berry contacted Brallier at his home in Indiana, and offered him expenses to play for Latrobe. However Brallier was reluctant to play since he would be playing for Washington & Jefferson College within just a few weeks. This led Berry to offer Brallier $10 to play for Latrobe against Jeannette, plus expenses, with the promised several future games. Brallier, accepted the offer and became the first player to openly admit to being paid to play football player. The quarterback arrived in Latrobe the night before the game and practiced with the team.
While Brallier was considered the first professional football player and deemed a national icon for many years, it wasn't until after his death in 1960 that evidence proved John Brallier was not in fact the first professional football player, but merely the first one to openly admit that he was paid. William "Pudge" Heffelfinger of the Allegheny Athletic Association is now considered the first professional player.
Early years.
1895 season.
The first game of Latrobe's 1895 season was played on a Tuesday afternoon on September 3, 1895. Before the game, a parade formed on newly paved Ligonier Street. The parade was led by Billy Showalter’s Cornet Band, while both the Latrobe and Jeannette teams followed in full uniforms. The Latrobe team colors of Orange and Maroon were displayed in store windows and hotels, and on street corner poles. Stores closed, and steel mines and coal and coke works declared a half-holiday for the occasion. The game began at 4:00 pm with Latrobe coming out as the victor over Jeannette. Latrobe's coach, Russell Auckerman, scored two touchdowns (each worth fiur points at the time), while Brallier kicked two extra points (then worth 2 points each) for a final score of 12–0.
After the game, Brallier played a second game with Latrobe, before traveling to Washington & Jefferson for college. The game was held on September 14, against a squad from Altoona, Pennsylvania, and ended in a 7–0 Latrobe loss. While at Washington & Jefferson, Braillier became the college's varsity quarterback. Meanwhile, the 1895 Latrobe YMCA team ended up playing 11 games, for a record of 7–4 with two losses to their cross-county rivals, the Greensburg Athletic Association, and single losses to Altoona and West Virginia University.
1896.
Latrobe played its second season in 1896. Many of the players on team played the year before. Brallier accepted an offer to return to the team and served as the team's quarterback and coach. The team started off with wins against the Pittsburgh Imperials, the renamed Jeannette Indians, Altoona, and Western University of Pennsylvania (now University of Pittsburgh) before finally losing to the Greensburg Athletic Association, 10–4. The team later split a two-game series against West Virginia University and won against Braillier's former Normal Indiana team, before once again losing to Greensburg, 10–0, to finish with a 7–3 record.
First All-Pro team.
The Latrobe team was composed entirely of professionals in 1897. Manager Dave Berry signed a number of college players from east coast college, and as far west as Iowa, to the team. Meanwhile, Walter Okeson, a former All-American end from Lehigh University, was named as the team's coach. George Shelafo of the Carlisle Indian School, located in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, also joined Latrobe that season. Shelafo was set to play for the University of Chicago that fall before he was lured to Latrobe by Berry. After the team's game against Western University of Pennsylvania, Doggie Trenchard and Eddie Blair, the team's original quarterback who was replaced by Brallier in 1895, joined the team.
The team began the season 7–0–1 with wins over Jeannette, Pittsburgh Emeralds, Pittsburgh College, Pitt, and a team from Youngstown, Ohio. The team remained undefeated before facing the Duquesne Athletic Club for a 12–6 loss at Pittsburgh's Exposition Park. However the team did rebound to defeat the Pittsburgh Athletic Club, and Youngstown. The championship of western Pennsylvania was expected to be a battle between the Duquesne and Pittsburgh Athletic Club. However both Greensburg and Youngstown ended up defeating Duquesne. This led to talk of a championship game between Greensburg and Latrobe. However with the season still incomplete, a regular season game between the two clubs took place in Greensburg on November 20, 1897. The game resulted in a hard fought 12–6 victory for Latrobe in what locals called “one of the greatest games ever played in western Pennsylvania.” However after a 18–0 defeat at the hands of West Virginia, Latrobe lost the final game of the season to Greensburg, 6-0. However a Pittsburgh-based football expert picked an all-western Pennsylvania team from among the region's amateur, pro, and college teams, and three of the 11 players chosen were from the Latrobe club. These members were Walter Okeson (end), Harry Ryan (tackle), and Ed Abbaticchio (fullback).
First all-star team and down years (1898-1902).
The Latrobe squad remained a strong competitor for the next several seasons. However the team did not provide much of a challenge for the western Pennsylvania championship. The 1898 team started off to a 7–0 record, before losing three games to Pittsburgh Athletic Club, Duquesne Country and Athletic Club and Greensburg to finish 7–3.
After their 1898 season first all-star team in professional football history, composed of early football players, from several teams in the area. The team was formed by Latrobe manager, Dave Berry, for the purpose of playing the Duquesne Country and Athletic Club, which fielded a team composed of many of the game's stars from the era. The game between the two clubs ended in a 16-0 Duquesne victory and is considered to be the very first all-star game for professional football. Contrary to popular belief, while the game was held at Exposition Park, which would be currently located inside of the city limits of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, the 1898 location of the game was Allegheny, Pennsylvania which was not incorporated into the city of Pittsburgh until 1907.
The very next season marked the team's first undefeated season, despite only playing four games. However the 1898, 1899 and 1900 seasons did showcase what can historically be considered Latrobe's most colorful player, Charles Barney. Off the field, Barney had a reputation for entertaining both fans and fellow players by lifting and holding a piano while a man played it. The 1901 Latrobe season was another low-profile year, the team played only three games for a 2-1 record. But the stage was set for a later resurgence with development of some squad members. The team lost, 12–0, to a squad from nearby Derry and won two games over teams picked up from men working at Latrobe Steel.
"Wait until next year".
For the team's 1902 campaign, John Brallier rejoined the team as player-coach. Latrobe, once again played only a small number of games that fall. The team played in four games. After posting scoreless ties against Indiana Normal and the Wilkinsburg Sterling Athletic Club, the team defeated the Indiana First Regiment team, 22-2. In the season finale, Latrobe defeated the Latrobe Steel Works, 17–0. At the end of the season most of the team's followers and players were optimistic about the club's future. Most of Brallier’s players were between the ages of 17–18 years and expressed a desire to learn, and drilled for long hours in fundamentals. Brallier correctly, as it turned out, anticipated what was reflected in street conversation throughout Latrobe, “wait until next year.”
Undefeated seasons.
1903.
For 1903, a YMCA was organized under the leadership of the Latrobe Steel Works, and its membership included many of the players from the 1902 team. A football organization was formed with Brallier once again serving as a player-coach. A fence was built around the Latrobe Steel Athletic Grounds and new uniforms were ordered with money donated by several local merchants. Further experience was added when several former players of the 1890s rejoined the team. Locally, Latrobe was the acclaimed western Pennsylvania champion after posting the undefeated season. While the Franklin Athletic Club was generally considered the "U.S. Pro Champion" that year, the team had refused to play Latrobe.
Ironically for a team that made history by fielding an all-professional line-up for a complete season, the 1903 Latrobe team was composed of all amateurs. Brallier wrote in retrospect in 1934 that the 1903 Latrobe backfield “was the best I had ever played with and the best I have ever seen.” However, despite their winning season, the Latrobe team was losing money. Crowds for the games were small, which led to a drop in revenue.
1904.
At a June 4 team meeting, Brallier was once again elected as the team's coach and manager, and Harry Ryan was again elected as the team's captain. Latrobe's 1904 season ended in another undefeated season for the team. In an effort to keep expenses down, the team reportedly used just nine footballs throughout the season. After all debts and expenses were paid, the 16 players divided up about $500 in profits. A big post-season event was a chicken and waffle benefit supper at Latrobe's Mozart Hall, at which over 5,000 waffles “rolled in pools of chicken gravy” were consumed. The Hotel Mahaney also held a banquet for the team.
However tragedy ddid strike the team shortly after the season. Paul Blair, the brother Latrobe's Eddie Blair, was killed when he was hit by train walking along the Pennsylvania Railroad line between Latrobe and Derry. Latrobe players Harry Ryan and John Brallier served as pallbearers at the funeral. The team also reportedly sent a beautiful floral wreath, to the Blair home. In the wreath, draped in team colors, were the words "Latrobe Football Team, 1904".
1905.
By this time it had been three years since Latrobe posted a defeat, and the team scored on only once in the last two seasons. The 1905 season saw a mood of optimism in Latrobe. Several new college players were signed to the team. While jobs were secured to bring some more football talent to Latrobe and keep others there. However scheduling was difficult, many teams either refusing to play Latrobe or asking overly high financial guarantees. Still the team did manage to secure an 8-0 record without giving up a point.
However this season Latrobe took part in a high-profile game against the Canton Bulldogs from Canton, Ohio. The Bulldogs were a professional team of wide repute in the unofficial "Ohio League" and would later became a founding member, and two-time champion, of the National Football League. Canton was a particularly strong team that scored over 100 points in many of its games. A game between the two clubs was arranged November 18, 1905 in Latrobe. Despite injuries to several of the Latrobe players, the team went on to defeat the Bulldogs 6–0. A season-ending game against Canton's "Ohio League" rivials, the Massillon Tigers, was proposed but never occurred.
On December 2, 1905, the "Latrobe Bulletin" devoted a full page to the three-year Latrobe record of 26-0, and 794-5 points spread. Furthermore, the "Pittsburgh Chronicle-Telegraph" published two teams of all-stars, and among western Pennsylvania 22 teams. The paper cited were five Latrobe players: Hayes (tackle), Van Doren (tackle), Harry Ryan (guard), Gibson (guard), and Brallier (quarterback). At the end of the year, a Football Association was being planned to include teams in Latrobe, Steelton, Franklin, and Pittsburgh representing Pennsylvania, and the Akron Indians, the Canton Bulldogs, the Massillon Tigers, and Shelby Blues representing Ohio. The plan was for the teams to settle championships within each state, with the two state winners to meet in a championship game on Thanksgiving Day. Salary limits were reportedly established, while other details were worked out. However the project never materialized.
Decline.
1906 season.
The 1906 season saw the beginning of the decline of professional football in Latrobe. Many players were still attracted to Latrobe for football, and many players remained in the community, working in industrial, mining, and mercantile jobs. The success of the three years through 1905 brought inquiries from prominent players all over the nation who wanted to come to Latrobe in 1906. However, an effort to obtain funds with which to pay players apparently failed when 25 shares at $100 each were not subscribed.
On November 29, 1906, the Latrobe was defeated for the first time in four years by Canton, 16–0. On top of that, Latrobe had been guaranteed $1,500 for the game, $1,200 of which was to used to pay the players, and $300 for expenses. But the Canton's manager Blondy Wallace was unable to pay, the result of the fallout from an infamous betting scandal between Massillon and Canton. The problems had soured Canton's 1,200 fans who turned out for the game, further complicating things. Canton players were not paid as a result, in addition. To help pay for the Latrobe team's expenses an effort was established in Latrobe, which raised part of the team's $300 expense debt, and the balance of the money was borrowed by the YMCA so that it could be paid.
1907 season.
By October 1907, sentiment in Latrobe had grown for keeping the football team comprising local men and not hiring players from out of town. However, despite the changing atmosphere, the 1907 season was moderately successful with a 5-2-2 record. Harry Ryan was retired; while John Brallier served mainly as a coach. Leo Gibson was then elected as Latrobe's captain.
California YMCA.
In a bizarre story during that final season, the "California (Pennsylvania) YMCA team" came to Latrobe for a game, and was ejected from its rooms at the Parker House for "chasing and frightening a chambermaid," jumping on beds and breaking two of them, and for language "far from what might be asked for from YMCA boys." Latrobe would go on to win the game, 38–0, in front of a small crowd. However, it was later discovered that there wasn't a YMCA located in California. Who Latrobe played in that game remains a mystery.
1908-1909.
The decrease in community interest and the change of the team from a professional football club to local amateur team, coincided with John Brallier's last year as a player, although he continued to help coach local teams. Some of the players continued with the 1908 and 1909 loose amateur squads, captained by Peck Lawson, however the out-of town players and the old rivalries had generally disappeared.
Legacy.
Several of the prominent members of the original Latrobe professional football teams, including Brallier, Ryan, Abbaticchio and Peck Lawson, lived around Latrobe for many years. Ed Abbaticchio, outside of football, also played National League baseball for the Philadelphia Phillies, Pittsburgh Pirates, and in between played in Boston for the club that is now the Atlanta Braves. John Brallier practiced dentistry in Latrobe, and the others were generally employed in locally. Brallier later spent 20-years as a school director, from which he retired at the end of 1931. In 1979, John Brallier was voted one of the "Best Pros Not in the Hall of Fame" by the Pro Football Researchers Association.
After World War II, the success of baseball's Hall of Fame spawned plans for a similar football hall. At that time, Latrobe was recognized by the National Football league as the birthplace of professional football, and Brallier was given a lifetime pass for NFL games. However the Hall of Fame was awarded to Canton, but homage was paid to Latrobe's status when the Pittsburgh Steelers and Green Bay Packers played an exhibition game there on August 29, 1952. The event also honored the early pro player survivors.
Today Latrobe is home to the Pittsburgh Steelers training camp, located at Saint Vincent's College.

</doc>
<doc id="20517166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517166" title="David Vázquez González">
David Vázquez González

David Vázquez González, commonly known as Chapi (born 12 April 1985 in A Coruña, Galicia), is a Spanish footballer who plays as a defender.
Football career.
A product of local Deportivo de La Coruña's youth ranks, Chapi appeared once for its first team during his three years as a senior with the club: on 16 December 2007, as the Galicians were coached by Miguel Ángel Lotina, he played 61 minutes against Real Zaragoza, replacing injured Manuel Pablo in a 1–1 home draw.
After failure in negotiations to further his link to "Depor", Chapi was released and moved abroad, signing a 1+1 deal with Belgium club S.V. Zulte Waregem. However, unsettled, he returned to his country – and to his region – after just one season, joining lowly SD Compostela.

</doc>
<doc id="20517187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517187" title="2002–03 Cardiff City F.C. season">
2002–03 Cardiff City F.C. season

During the 2002-03 season Cardiff City played in the Football League Division Two. They finished in six place and were promoted to Division One after beating Queens Park Rangers in the play-off final in Cardiff.
The season also saw Robert Earnshaw break the 56 year record of 30 league goals held by Stan Richards and the joint record of Hughie Ferguson and John Toshack of 31 goals in all competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="20517199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517199" title="Preston Elliott">
Preston Elliott

Preston Elliott (May 1, 1875 - January 12, 1939) was a Canadian farmer and politician from Ontario. Born in Chesterville, Ontario, he served in the Canadian House of Commons for the Dundas electoral district as a Progressive. Elected in 1921, he was defeated in 1926 as a Progressive and in 1935 as a Liberal. He was a member of the Ginger Group.

</doc>
<doc id="20517213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517213" title="Great Lakes Relay">
Great Lakes Relay

The Great Lakes Relay (GLR) is a three-day road race for runners that crosses the northern portion of Michigan's Lower Peninsula. It is known for its very hilly, sandy course, dry heat, and 270 mile length. It has many similarities with the Great Midwest Relay. They differ in that GLR takes place on much more rural routes. The GLR was first run in 1992, with the finish line being in Mackinac City. Due to disputes with local officials, the finish was later moved to its present location in Empire, Michigan, home of the Sleeping Bear Sand Dunes.
Format.
The race is broken into three days, each of which usually consists of around 18 legs. The individual legs vary in length from 2.5 miles to nearly 9 miles. The first two days of the race cover 100 miles each, while the last day covers approximately 70 miles. The shortened last day allows for time to relax on the beach and for the after-relay pasta party and awards banquet. Teams are composed of up to 10 people, and they are allowed up to three chase vehicles to support their runners on the course. Often, however, vehicle traffic is directed around the runners both for safety and because the trails are inaccessible by car. The race starts at 6:00AM each day, and the team's finish time is recorded. Times from the three days are then added together, and the team with the shortest time is declared the winner.
Said one former GLR racer: "In 2013 I took a team of elite runners on the Great Lakes Relay. While the scenery was great and the race was organized well, our team dearly missed the typical obstacles runners of our caliber have come to enjoy. I mean come on! Where were the mud pits, barbed wire, ice ponds, walls with ropes, electric shockers and most of all post "race" parties?"
Teams.
Each year approximately 80 teams compete for glory in the GLR. There are two divisions: Open and Mixed. Mixed teams must have a 4:6, 5:5, or 6:4 male to female ratio. Ages of runners range from as young as high schoolers to competitors in their 50s and 60s.
A pair of English gentlemen frequently run the GLR.

</doc>
<doc id="20517231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517231" title="Dogmatic school">
Dogmatic school

The Dogmatic school of medicine ("Dogmatics", or "Dogmatici", ) was an ancient school of medicine in ancient Greece and Rome. They were the oldest of the medical sects of antiquity. They derived their name from "dogma", a philosophical tenet or opinion, because they professed to follow the opinions of Hippocrates, hence they were sometimes called "Hippocratici". Thessalus, the son, and Polybus, the son-in-law of Hippocrates, were the founders of this sect, c. 400 BC, which enjoyed great reputation, and held undisputed sway over the whole medical profession, until the establishment of the Alexandrian school known as the Empiric school. After the rise of Empiric school, for some centuries, every physician counted himself under either one or the other of the two parties. The most distinguished among this school were Diocles of Carystus, Praxagoras of Cos, and Plistonicus. The doctrines of this school are described by Aulus Cornelius Celsus in the introduction to his "De Medicina".
Doctrines.
The Dogmatic school held that it was necessary to be acquainted with the "hidden causes" of diseases, as well as the "more evident causes", and to know how the "natural actions and different functions" of the human body take place, which necessarily assumes a knowledge of the "interior parts".
They gave the name of "hidden causes" to those things which concern the elements or principles of which our bodies are composed, and the occasion of good or ill health. It is impossible, they said, for people to know how to set about curing an illness unless they know what it comes from; since there is no doubt that they must treat it in one way, if diseases in general proceed from the excess or deficiency of one of the four elements, as some philosophers supposed; in another way, if all the malady lies in the humours of the body, as Herophilus thought; in another, if it is to be attributed to the respiration, according to the idea of Hippocrates (perhaps alluding to the "De Flatibus", which is generally considered spurious); in another, if the blood excites inflammation by passing from the veins which are meant to contain it into the vessels that ought only to contain air, and if this inflammation produces the extraordinary movement of the blood that is remarked in fever, according to the opinion of Erasistratus; and in another, if it is by means of corpuscles which stop in the invisible passages and block up the way, as Asclepiades affirms to be the case. If this be granted, it must necessarily appear that, of all physicians, he will succeed the best in the cure of diseased who understands best their first origin and cause.
The Dogmatic school did not deny the necessity of experiments; but they said that these experiments could not be made, and never had been made, but by reasoning. They added, that it is probable that the first people who applied themselves to medicine, did not recommend to their patients the first thing that came into their thoughts, but that they deliberated about it, and that experiment and use then let them know if they had reasoned justly or not. It mattered little, they said, that people declared that the greater number of remedies had been the subject of experiment from the first, provided they confessed that these experiments were the results of the reasoning of those who tried the remedies. They went on to say, that we often see new sorts of diseases break out, for which neither experiment nor custom has yet found out any cure; and that, therefore, it is necessary to observe where they came from and how they first began, for otherwise no one can tell why, in such an emergency, one should makes use of one remedy rather than another. Such are the reasons why a physician ought to try to discover the "hidden causes" of diseases.
As for the "evident causes", which are such as can easily be discovered by anybody, and where one has only to know if the illness proceeds from heat or from cold, from having eaten too little or too much, etc., they said it was necessary to inform one's self of all of that, make on it the suitable reflections; but they did not think that one ought to stop there without going any further.
They said also, in regard to the "natural actions", that it was necessary to know wherefore and in what manner we receive the air into our lungs, and why we afterward expire it; why food is taken into the body, how it is there prepared, and then distributed through every part of it; why the arteries are subject to pulsation; what is the cause of sleep, wakefulness, etc.; and they maintained that people could not cure diseases relating to these many functions unless they were able to explain these phenomena.
Lastly, they maintained that as the principal pains and diseases proceed from the "internal parts", it is impossible for people to administer any remedy unless they are acquainted with these parts. They therefore thought that it was necessary to dissect dead bodies, for it was not possible to treat sick organs if one did not understand the nature of healthy organs.

</doc>
<doc id="20517233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517233" title="Empiric school">
Empiric school

The Empiric school of medicine ("Empirics", "Empiricists", or "Empirici", ) was an ancient school of medicine in ancient Greece and Rome. They were so called from the word "empeiria" (ἐμπειρία "experience") because they professed to derive their knowledge from "experiences" only, and in doing so set themselves in opposition to the Dogmatic school. Serapion of Alexandria, and Philinus of Cos, are regarded as the founders of this school in the 3rd century BC. Among the other physicians who belonged to this sect there were: Apollonius of Citium, Glaucias, Heraclides, Bacchius, Zeuxis, Menodotus, Theodas, Herodotus of Tarsus, Aeschrion, Sextus Empiricus, and Marcellus Empiricus. The sect survived a long time, as Marcellus lived in the 4th century. The doctrines of this school are described by Aulus Cornelius Celsus in the introduction to his "De Medicina".
Doctrines.
The Empiric school said that is was necessary to understand the "evident causes" of disease, but considered the inquiry after the "hidden causes" and "natural actions" to be fruitless, because Nature is incomprehensible. That these things cannot be understood appears from the controversies among philosophers and physicians, and in the way in which the methods of practice differed from place to place, one method being used in Rome, another in Egypt, and another in Gaul. Often too, the causes are evident; as in a wound, and if the evident cause does not suggest a method of curing, then much less so other obscure methods. This being the case, it is much better to seek relief from things certain and tried; that is, from remedies as learned from experience.
They said that medicine, in its infancy, was deduced from experiments; for the sick, in a time when there were no physicians, had either taken food in the first days of their illness, or had abstained, and that the illness was more quickly alleviated in one group than the other. This and other instances occurring daily were observed by people diligent enough to realize which method was best to cure particular conditions, and hence the art of medicine arose. Medicine was not invented in consequence of reasoning, but that theory was sought after the discovery of medicine.
They asked, too, whether reason prescribed the same as experience, or something different: if the same, then it is not necessary; if different, then mischievous. Initially there was a necessity to examine remedies with the greatest accuracy, but now they are sufficiently ascertained; there are no new diseases, and hence no need for any novel methods of healing. If a patient had an unknown type of illness, the physician would not recourse to obscure knowledge, but would see what type of illness was most nearly allied, and to make a trial of the medicines used to treat the allied condition.
What matters is not what causes, but what cures the condition. It does not matter why a concoction works, only that it does work. Nor is it necessary to know how we breathe, but what relieves difficult breathing. Likewise we should not seek the cause of motion in the arteries, but what each kind of motion indicates. These things are known by experience. There is no value in dissecting dead bodies, since the state of the organs are very different in dead bodies compared to living ones.
They supported their opinions in favour of experience with the famous ""Tripod of Medicine"":

</doc>
<doc id="20517235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517235" title="Pneumatic school">
Pneumatic school

The Pneumatic school of medicine ("Pneumatics", or "Pneumatici", ) was an ancient school of medicine in ancient Greece and Rome. They were founded in Rome by Athenaeus of Cilicia, in the 1st century AD.
The Roman era was a time when the Methodic school had enjoyed its greatest reputation, from which the Pneumatic school differed principally in that, instead of the mixture of primitive atoms, they adopted an active principle of immaterial nature, "pneuma", or spirit. This principle was the cause of health and disease. It is from Galen that we learn the doctrines of the founder of the Pneumatic school.
Doctrines.
Plato and Aristotle had already laid the foundations of the doctrine of "pneuma", for which, Aristotle was the first to describe the ways in which the "pneuma" is introduced into the body and the sanguineous system. The Stoics developed the theory even more and applied it to the functions of the body. Erasistratus and his successors had made the "pneuma" act a great part in health and disease. Thus, the theory of the "pneuma" was not a new one. The Methodic school, however, appears to have done away with much of the theory. The Pneumatic school, in choosing to oppose the Methodic school, adopted a firmly established principle, and chose the "pneuma" principle of the Stoics.
They thought that logic was indispensable to medicine, and Galen tells us that the Pneumatic school would rather have betrayed their country than renounce their opinions. Athenaeus had also adopted much of the doctrines of the Peripatetics, and besides the doctrine of the "pneuma", he developed the theory of the elements much more than the Methodic school had done. He recognised in the four elements the positive qualities ("poiotes") of the animal body; but he often regarded them as real substances, and gave to the whole of them the name of "Nature of Man". Although the Pneumatici attributed the majority of diseases to the "pneuma", they nevertheless paid attention to the mixture of the elements. The union of heat and moisture was the most suitable for the preservation of health. Heat and dryness give rise to acute diseases, cold and moisture produce phlegmatic affections, cold and dryness give rise to melancholy. Everything dries up and becomes cold at the approach of death.

</doc>
<doc id="20517237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517237" title="Methodic school">
Methodic school

The Methodic school of medicine ("Methodics", "Methodists", or "Methodici", ) was an ancient school of medicine in ancient Greece and Rome. The Methodic school arose in reaction to both the Empiric school and the Dogmatic school (sometimes referred to as the Rationalist school). While the exact origins of the Methodic school are shrouded in some controversy, its doctrines are fairly well documented. Sextus Empiricus points to the school's common ground with Pyrrhonism, in that it “followthe appearances and take[s from these whatever seems expedient.”
History.
There is no clear consensus on who founded the Methodic school and when it was founded. It has been purported that the Methodic school was founded by the students of Asclepiades. In particular, Themison of Laodicea, Asclepiades’ most distinguished student, is often credited with founding the Methodic school in the first century BC. However, some historians claim that the Methodic school was founded by Asclepiades himself in 50 BC. It has also been claimed that the Methodism does not truly arise until the first century AD. In any case, it is widely accepted that Methodism arose as a reaction to the Empiric and Rationalist (or Dogmatic) schools, bearing some similarities to both schools but fundamentally different.
Doctrines.
The Methodic school emphasized the treatment of diseases rather than the history of the individual patient. According to the Methodists, medicine is no more than a “knowledge of manifest generalities” ("gnōsis phainomenōn koinotēnōn"). In other words, medicine was no more than the awareness of general, recurring features that manifest in a tangible way . While Methodist views on medicine are slightly more complex than this, the above generalization was meant to apply to not only medicine, but to any art. Methodists conceive of medicine as a true art, in contrast to Empiricists or Dogmatists.
They asserted that the knowledge of the cause of the disease bears no relation to the method of cure, and that it is sufficient to observe some general symptoms of illnesses. All a doctor really needs to know is the disease itself, and from that knowledge alone will he know the treatment. To claim that knowledge of the disease alone will provide knowledge of the treatment, the Methodists first claim that diseases are indicative of their own treatments. Just as how hunger leads a person naturally to food and how thirst leads a person naturally to water, so too does the disease naturally indicate the cure. As Sextus Empiricus points out, when a dog is pricked by a thorn, it naturally removes the foreign object ailing its body.
The core theory was disruption of the normal circulation of 'atoms' through the body's 'pores' caused disease. To cure a disease it is sufficient to observe some general symptoms of illnesses; and that there are three kinds of diseases, one bound, another loose ("fluens", a disorder attended with some discharge), and the third a mixture of these. Sometimes the excretions of sick people are too small or too large, or a particular excretion might be deficient or excessive. These kinds of illnesses are sometimes severe, sometimes chronic, sometimes increasing, sometimes stable, and sometimes abating. As soon as it is known to which of these diseases an illness belongs, if the body is bound, then it must be opened; if it is loose, then it must be restrained; if it is complicated, then the most urgent malady must be fought first. One type of treatment is required in acute, another in inveterate illnesses; another when diseases are increasing, another when stable, and another when decreasing. The observation of these things constitute the art of medicine, called "method" ().
As the seeking after the causes of diseases seemed to Themison to rest on too uncertain a foundation, he thus wished to establish his system upon the analogies and indications common to many diseases (), no matter that these analogies were as obscure as the causes of the Dogmatic school. Themison wrote several works which are now lost.
Differences from the Empiric and Dogmatic Schools.
The Methodic school takes it to be that once a doctor has recognized the disease a patient has for what it is, the treatment that should follow is inherently obvious. It is not a matter of inference or observation, but of an immediate knowledge. To a Dogmatist, the symptoms a disease manifest is indicative of a hidden state that causes the disease. Only by knowing the hidden state can a doctor understand how to treat a patient. The symptoms manifested by a patient are indicative of the underlying state causing the disease, and the hidden state is indicative of the treatment that follows. Like the Empiricists, the Methodists refuse the notion of hidden states, claiming that there is no need to take a detour into inferences of hidden states. The symptoms manifested make it immediately obvious what needs to be done.
On the other hand, Methodists also reject the Empiricist notion that the connection between a disease and its treatment is a matter of experience. Methodists purport that experience is not necessary to understand that a state of depletion implies a need for replenishment, that a state of restraint must be loosened. To a Methodist, treatments to diseases are immediately obvious; it is a matter of common sense, of reason. There is no need for justification by experience; to Methodists, there are no conceivable alternatives to their innate knowledge of proper treatments.
Because Methodists do not take their knowledge of proper treatment as an issue of observation or experience, they are willing to concede that their knowledge is a matter of reason. On this point, the Methodists bear a similarity to Dogmatists, taking reason as a constructive approach to appropriating the proper treatment for an ailment. However, Methodists do not support the Dogmatic concept of employing reason to find hidden causes that belie the disease manifested. The causes of diseases can not be fantastic or obscure forces that would not occur in ordinary life. The key difference between Methodist doctors and Empiricist or Dogmatic doctors is that a Methodist's knowledge is "firm and certain," and that it leaves no room for future revision. Rather than rely upon reason and experience, the Methodist does what is inherently obvious; there is no room for error.

</doc>
<doc id="20517239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517239" title="Eclectic school">
Eclectic school

The Eclectic school of medicine ("Eclectics", or "Eclectici", ) was an ancient school of medicine in ancient Greece and Rome. They were so-called because they selected from each sect the opinions which seemed to them most probable. They seemed to have been a branch of the Methodic school. They were founded, it would seem by Archigenes. Some of the opinions of these physicians are found in the fragments preserved by Galen, Oribasius, Aëtius, etc.; but the doctrines they adopted remain unknown.
A closely related school was the Episynthetic school ("Episynthetici"), so called because they heaped up in a manner ("episyntithêmi"), and adopted for their own opinions different, and even opposite, schools. It seems to have been founded by Agathinus of Sparta, the pupil of Athenaeus, and the master of Archigenes, towards the end of the 1st century AD. The only other ancient physician who is mention as having belonged to this sect is Leonides of Alexandria, who may have lived in the 3rd century. Little is known of the opinions of these physicians, or their tenets.
In modern Tibetan Buddhism, the Eclectic school ("Ris-med") referred to a movement that seeks to combine the religious and philosophical systems of different lineages in order to develop the best teachings of the whole tradition. It has a syncretic character, open to syntheses with classical grek and Western thought.

</doc>
<doc id="20517244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517244" title="Donald Mattison">
Donald Mattison

Donald Magnus Mattison (April 24, 1905 – July 28, 1975) was an American artist.
He was born in Beloit, Wisconsin. His father, Magnus Wilhelm Mattison, invented machine tools, and his mother, Florence May Knickerbocker Mattison, taught school. Mattison also had two sisters, Dorothy M. Spaugh and Ruth M. Eaton. He spent his early youth in Wisconsin, but the family relocated to Winston-Salem, North Carolina in 1920.
Education.
Mattison attended Yale University, where he excelled as a draftsman and painter, and took an interest in boxing. After completing the usual 5-year program in only 4 years, Mattison graduated marshal of his class with his bachelor of fine arts degree.
Personal life.
Mattison moved to Chicago in 1927 to work as an assistant for respected American muralist Eugene Savage. Mattison went on to produce notable murals and easel paintings of figures and landscape subjects, but turned to portraiture later in his career. In 1928 Mattison won the Prix de Rome, a scholarship for art students that provided the opportunity to study overseas. Because the Prix de Rome was only offered to single students due to funding restrictions, he and Catherine Lucille Morrison waited until July 17, 1928, after Mattison had already won the prize, to be married. Morrison, a watercolorist from New Haven, studied at the British Academy in Rome. They spent the next three years in Europe, where Mattison was a fellow at the American Academy in Rome. The couple had one daughter, Georgia, during their last year in Europe.
After his fellowship ended, Mattison moved his young family back to the United States where he found it necessary to take up three jobs to support their growing needs. At one point, he taught at three different schools in one day, spending his mornings at New York University, his afternoons at Columbia University, and his evenings at the New York School of Design. In 1933, Mattison found a permanent full-time position when he was appointed the Dean of John Herron Art School in Indianapolis, Indiana, where he continued to teach art classes.
Mattison’s wife Catherine died of a stroke in May 1961. He later married Mary Gebhart Wheeler, who had three children from a previous marriage, Marrianne Williams Ullyot, Jane Williams Barr, and Russell Willams Jr. The two remained together until Mattison’s death in 1975. He died at Methodist Hospital in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Art.
Training and early work.
Mattison showed an interest in art from an early age. He had unwavering confidence in his decision to pursue a career in art, promising childhood friend, Robert Cooke, that he would paint his portrait one day when he was "a famous portrait painter."
At Yale, Mattison studied under Eugene Savage, a Covington, Indiana, native and accomplished muralist. Throughout 1927 and 1928, he assisted Savage in his completion of the murals in the Elks War Memorial in Chicago while still keeping up with the demands of the rigorous Yale Arts program.
In 1928, Mattison won one of the two most coveted awards in the world of the student artist. He was awarded the Prix de Rome prize for painting, which included a three-year scholarship to the American Academy in Rome and an annual stipend of $1500. His mythically inspired piece, "Ignis Fatuus", depicts a scene based on a Roman legend. According to the myth, wood nymphs lured thrill-seekers across the bogs of Rome to discover the origin of the mysterious fires that burned there. In Mattison’s painting, a man is sinking in the bog, desperately reaching out at the fiery nymphs who had tricked him into his doom.
Style and process.
Mattison’s style was reflective of the classical training he received. Though he had no opposition to abstract and modern art forms, Mattison was a realist painter. He strove to convey the everyday in a new and beautiful light. "There will always be a demand for styles that mean art to a majority of people" Mattison explained of his traditional style to reporters at the Florida Artist Symposium in 1960.
When working on a piece, Mattison progressed through a series of sketches, each one containing more detail than its predecessor. Once thoroughly satisfied with every detail of a sketch, Mattison would begin to paint. "Lucky is the painter who is able to rush to his canvas and with a few strokes of the brush put down quickly a complete and meaningful picture," Mattison told ‘’American Artist’’ reporter Ernest W. Watson in 1947.
Mattison’s style has been compared to that of Rembrandt: using both color and light to highlight aspects of emotion and movement. While designing a piece, Mattison would focus on a single emotive state for his subjects. His chief concern when painting was to fully convey that emotion. "I like to think of the finished picture as an ideal blend of means and meaning, each inseparable from the other."
Works.
In his paintings, Mattison preferred to depict "life’s pleasanter moments": beautiful landscapes, community celebrations, the innocent pastimes of children. Director of the John Herron Art Museum and colleague of Mattison, W. D. Peat, claimed that Mattison’s work was a graphic representation of his cheerful outlook on life. He worked predominantly in oils and was universally praised for his use of color. Some of his better-known paintings include: "Excursion" (1936), "Riverboat" (1945), "Carnival" (1945), "Parade", "Concert" and "Birthday Party".
Mattison also dabbled in lithography. From the mid-1930s through the 1940s, Mattison produced numerous works in this style. In 1935, Mattison completed what is arguably the most prominent of all his pieces: Negro Baptism, debuted at The Art Institute of Chicago’s International Lithography and Wood-Engraving Exhibition. This piece is currently part of the Indiana Museum of Art’s permanent collection. The IMA also houses "Goodby" (1943), "Army War Show" (1943), "Three Girls at an Amusement Park" (1939), "Excursion" (1936), and "Summer Siesta" from this same period.
His mural training at Yale with Eugene Savage proved beneficial to him later on in his career. He was contracted to paint murals for the Cities Service Building in New York City and the Standard Life Insurance Building in Indianapolis, among other private and public projects.
Mattison was also chosen among a select group of Indiana artists to participate in a New Deal art initiative. In 1937, he was commissioned by the state government to paint murals for the post offices in Tipton and Union City, Indiana. Though the Union City mural was destroyed in renovations, the Tipton mural, aptly titled "Indiana Farming", stands to this day.
As time progressed, Mattison also established himself as an accomplished portraitist, completing more than 150 portraits in his lifetime. His subjects included: U.S. Supreme Court Justices Thurgood Marshall and Sherman Minton, Indiana Governors Paul McNutt and Harold W. Handley, author Booth Tarkington, and Emil Schram, former president of the New York Stock Exchange. Each portrait took Mattison approximately 6 weeks to complete. Reviews of Mattison’s portrait work contain nothing but praise. His amazing accuracy of detail compliments his subjects without blatant flattery. As he said himself, "Our lilies do not require gilding."
Exhibition.
Throughout his career, Mattison’s work was most frequently exhibited within general exhibits; only exhibiting his work in large collections on a few occasions throughout his life. One such occasion was the 25th Anniversary celebration of his deanship, which included an exhibition at the Herron Art Museum that featured more than 26 pieces. His work has also been exhibited in the following institutions:
Passion for Art.
Even after accepting the deanship at Herron, Mattison maintained art as one of his highest priorities. He spent no less than two hours working in his studio each week. As he told "Indianapolis Star" journalist Rosanna Hall, "When others are out playing golf, I am in my studio painting." He remained Artist in Residence at Herron even after his retirement.
Herron School of Art.
Career as Dean.
"I believe that my career as an artist is the basis for my work as dean of Herron." — Donald Mattison
Herron School of Art went without a dean for seven years until the school hired 27-year-old Donald Mattison of New York. Mattison was quickly acknowledged as an "able manager, devoted and persevering in his work," although some of the students and faculty were not happy with him initially. During one of Mattison’s first visits to Herron, he decided to let go of a few of the students favorite professors and restructured classes and schedules. He also extended the hours that students must attend classes and required students to take studio-workshops on Saturdays. Previously students only received pass or fail grades, and Mattison instituted letter-grades. Students responded by hanging an effigy named "Matt" from a tree on campus grounds. Though Mattison was out of town at the time, the "Indianapolis Star" printed a story and a photograph showing a small gathering of smiling, rebellious students standing beneath the effigy.
Changes at Herron.
To put emphasis on the classes that he thought were important for all artists, Mattison made many changes to course offerings also. Mattison restructured the departments at Herron to include painting, sculpture, advertising art, and teacher training. A partnership with nearby Butler University was also eventually formed and the school also began offering classes for children on the weekends and seminars for grade school art teachers. School expenditures were reduced more than $14,000 during Mattison’s first year as dean, but the school still charged $80 a semester for full-time tuition in 1933. Because of the profit that the school was making, visiting professors could be hired to teach courses that Herron did not offer.
During Mattison’s first few years at Herron, the first issue of "The Chronicle" was printed. The newspaper provided information about the school and news of past and present students and their work. Mattison encouraged his students to submit their works to competitions so "The Chronicle" was a perfect outlet to showcase student achievements. "Mattison… intended that Herron students set their sights beyond Indiana… encourage[d his students to compete for the Prix de Rome and the Chaloner Paris Prize – for which no Herron student has previously tried."
Though students and faculty might have been unhappy with Mattison at first, they began to see that he was a dedicated artist, professor, and dean. Mattison taught Life Painting and Advanced Composition among a few other art courses over the years. Students remembered him for always leaving his office door open; "when I needed help, he just seemed to understand without my having to give any explanation. He called me by name. That made me feel like a person. I know there is someone I can go to if I get into a spot" said one of his students.
World War II and Vietnam War saw many changes even at Herron. The majority of the student body during WWII were women because "many… students and graduates, new in the armed services, found art-related duty as draftsman, camefleurs, mapmakers, or illustrators." Professors were also drafted and Mattison was forced to take over teaching a still life painting course on top of his normal course load. At the June 1963 commencement, instead of reading the honor roll as usual, Mattison read the names of Herron students serving the country.
Retirement and death.
In 1967 the Herron School of Art became a department of Indiana University. Shortly after, Mattison retired as dean at the age of 65 in 1970. But even after retirement, Mattison remained as member of the Herron School Committee, which governs in the absence of the dean from 1973–1974. Mattison died on July 28, 1975. Students and faculty dedicated a plaque to Mattison which still hangs outside the dean’s office. It reads "under his thoughtful direction and counsel, this school grew and matured—yet was kept young responding to a changing world."

</doc>
<doc id="20517252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517252" title="Atriplex serenana">
Atriplex serenana

Atriplex serenana is a species of saltbush known by the common names bractscale and stinking orach. It is native to California and Baja California, where it grows in saline and alkaline soils such as those on alkali flats and beach bluffs. 
This is a mat-forming annual herb producing scaly stems up to a meter long. The toothed leaves are 1 to 4 centimeters long. The flowers are generally borne in hard clusters along the stem and there is sometimes a spikelike inflorescence of male flowers at the end of the stem.
There are two varieties of this species. 

</doc>
<doc id="20517255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517255" title="SS Girls">
SS Girls

SS Girls () is a 1977 Nazi exploitation film by Italian exploitation film director Bruno Mattei. This was the first film of former film editor Bruno Mattei. It stars Macha Magall and Ivan Stacotti.
Background.
It was shot on location in a Villa in Italy. This film is largely a knockoff of "Salon Kitty" by Tinto Brass, going as far as recycling some of the same supporting cast. However, it has gained something of a cult following in recent years.
Synopsis.
Near the end of World War II a German officer selects ten prostitutes to root out the traitors in Hitler's Third Reich. After many orgies and the execution of disloyal officers, the entire company kill themselves upon hearing of Hitler's death.

</doc>
<doc id="20517269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517269" title="Schizoporaceae">
Schizoporaceae

Schizoporaceae are a family of fungi in the order Hymenochaetales. These are saprobic, and cause white rots of standing and fallen wood of coniferous and broadleaved trees. According to one 2008 estimate, the family contains 14 genera and 109 species.

</doc>
<doc id="20517271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517271" title="Thomas C. Reeves">
Thomas C. Reeves

Thomas C. Reeves (born 1936) is a U.S historian who specializes in late 19th and 20th century America.
Born into a blue collar family in Tacoma, Washington, Reeves received his B.A. at Pacific Lutheran University, his M.A. at the University of Washington, and his Ph.D. in history at the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1966. After four years at the University of Colorado-Colorado Springs, he went on to become a professor of history at the University of Wisconsin–Parkside.
Reeves has received research and teaching grants from the American Philosophical Society, the Eleanor Roosevelt Institute, the National Endowment for the Humanities, the Bradley Foundation, and the Randolph Foundation, among others. He has published some 60 articles in scholarly journals and more than 100 book reviews in numerous journals, magazines, and newspapers. From 2004 to 2008 he wrote a twice-weekly column for the History News Network. In 2009 and 2010 he wrote several articles for the Catholic website MercatorNet.
In 1988, Reeves was a co-founder of the Wisconsin Association of Scholars and for several years thereafter was on the board of the National Association of Scholars. In 2008 he served as Chairman of the John Gilmary Shea Prize committee of the American Catholic Historical Association. He has long served on the Board of Advisers of the Catholic League For Religious and Civil Rights and is a member of the Fellowship of Catholic Scholars. From 1992 to 2007, Reeves was a Senior Fellow at the Wisconsin Policy Research Institute.
The professor's many appearances in the media include three national book tours, two programs in the Public Broadcasting System's presidential series, and two "Firing Line" programs. He has been an adviser on three films about Senator Joseph R. McCarthy.
A Catholic, Reeves retired in 2001 and lives with his wife of more than 50 years in the Town of Yorkville, in Racine County, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="20517289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517289" title="Hymenochaetaceae">
Hymenochaetaceae

The Hymenochaetaceae are a family of fungi in the order Hymenochaetales. The family contains several species that are implicated in many diseases of broad-leaved and coniferous trees, causing heart rot, canker and root diseases, and also esca disease of grapevines. According to a standard references text, the family contains 27 genera and 487 species.
The name probably means "long-haired membrane" from the Greek "hymen" meaning "membrane" and "chaite" meaning "long hair".

</doc>
<doc id="20517296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517296" title="Candi Asu">
Candi Asu

Candi Asu is part of the Sengi complex built in the 8th and 9th centuries. It is a Hindu temple lying between Central Java and Yogyakarta. It is nestled in between Mount Merapi and Mount Merbabu volcanoes and nearby the road from Mungid to Boyolali. An external wall is formed as the base with an internal wall acting as the foundation. Between the two walls, the area has been filled with 2 meters of rocks and earth then paved on the top. The remaining space was left for a center statue to be placed. On the western outside wall, a masonry mass was left, forming the stairs. From this rough layout, new lines were drawn in the paving in order to expand and build the temple properly. Angular rocks were used as the original blocks were setting at an angle. The temple was neari lik pieon and larger rocks were to be placed last. Carving began from the top of the temple, working downward. The large finishing rocks that were to be used at the end where never carved or used, offering an explanation to their disappearance from the site.

</doc>
<doc id="20517299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517299" title="Coyote Dam (Santa Clara County, California)">
Coyote Dam (Santa Clara County, California)

Coyote Dam, is a high, long, earth and rock dam built in 1936 in Santa Clara County, California, USA, located at north of Gilroy. It impounds Coyote Lake (also known as Coyote Reservoir). The Santa Clara Valley Water District owns the dam.

</doc>
<doc id="20517301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517301" title="Central Bengkulu Regency">
Central Bengkulu Regency

Central Bengkulu Regency is a regency of Bengkulu Province, Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="20517313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517313" title="Nullity theorem">
Nullity theorem

The nullity theorem is a mathematical theorem about the inverse of a partitioned matrix, which states that the nullity of a block in a matrix equals the nullity of the complementary block in its inverse matrix. Here, the nullity is the dimension of the kernel. The theorem was proven in an abstract setting by , and for matrices by .
Partition a matrix and its inverse in four submatrices:
The partition on the right-hand side should be the transpose of the partition on the left-hand side, in the sense that if "A" is an "m"-by-"n" block then "E" should be an "n"-by-"m" block. 
The statement of the nullity theorem is now that the nullities of the blocks on the right equal the nullities of the blocks on the left :
More generally, if a submatrix is formed from the rows with indices {"i"1, "i"2, …, "i""m"} and the columns with indices {"j"1, "j"2, …, "j""n"}, then the complementary submatrix is formed from the rows with indices {1, 2, …, "N"} \ {"j"1, "j"2, …, "j""n"} and the columns with indices {1, 2, …, "N"} \ {"i"1, "i"2, …, "i""m"}, where "N" is the size of the whole matrix. The nullity theorem states that the nullity of any submatrix equals the nullity of the complementary submatrix of the inverse.

</doc>
<doc id="20517346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517346" title="Holy Cross Church, St Pancras">
Holy Cross Church, St Pancras

Holy Cross church is a church on Cromer Street in the St Pancras area of the London Borough of Camden. It was built 1887–88 by Joseph Peacock.
The church began as a district chapelry in 1876 before becoming a parish in 1888. Its parish was merged with that of St.Jude Gray's Inn Road (demolished 1936) in 1935 and that of St Peter's Regent Square in 1954 (damaged in the Blitz and demolished in 1954). In 1988 its Crypt Centre was set up to work for the homeless, and the church is still in use under its parish priest Christopher Cawrse.
The church was designated a Grade II listed building on 14 May 1974. The painting "Santa Maria Magdalena" by Reginald Gray hangs in the small chapel.

</doc>
<doc id="20517361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517361" title="FK Spartak Zlatibor Voda">
FK Spartak Zlatibor Voda

Fudbalski Klub Spartak Subotica (Serbian Cyrillic: Фудбалски клуб Спартак Суботица), is a football club from Subotica, Serbia, that plays in the Serbian SuperLiga. The club was founded in 1945 and was named after Jovan Mikić Spartak, the leader of the Partisans in Subotica, who was a national hero and was killed in 1944. The club was named Spartak Subotica until the end of the 2007–08 Serbian League Vojvodina season when it was merged with "Zlatibor Voda" who won promotion to the Serbian First League thus gaining the name Spartak Zlatibor Voda Subotica. In 2013 the board decided to return the original name of the club: "FK Spartak Subotica".
History.
Founded in 1945, FK Spartak Subotica is, after Vojvodina, the most successful club in northern Serbia. They participated in the first after-war club championship, in the 1946–47 Yugoslav First League and from then on, they played always in between the first and second national leagues. The biggest success of the club was achieved when the club played in the 1993–94 FR Yugoslavia Cup final against Partizan (1–6 loss).
After the dissolution of Subotica, club that played in the pre-war period until 1945, the players who did not want to belong to any of the two newly formed clubs, Radnički or Građanski, decided to form the FK Spartak. The new club was named after the nickname of a legendary Subotica athlete and World War II commander Jovan Mikić - Spartak. The club was very active in its early years, continuing the tradition of Subotica football. Many club players later played for the biggest clubs in the country or internationally, having some played for the national team, as well.
Support.
Spartak's fans are known as Marinci (Marines), which were formed in early 1989.
Stadium.
Subotica City Stadium (Gradski stadion) is a multi-use stadium in Subotica, Serbia. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the club's home ground since 1945. The stadium holds 13,000 people. There is a football pitch and a registered track for athletics suitable for competitions. One part of the Stadium is covered. There are also two subsidiary football pitches.
Spartak in Europe.
Mitropa Cup.
The Mitropa Cup, officially called the La Coupe de l'Europe Centrale, was one of the first really international major European football cups that the club participated in. After World War II, in 1951, a replacement tournament named Zentropa Cup was held to resume the rich tradition of this competition.
Honours.
Yugoslav Cup:
Current squad.
"For recent transfers, see List of Serbian football transfers winter 2013-14. For summer transfers, see List of Serbian football transfers summer 2013."
Notable players.
"For the list of all current and former players with Wikipedia article, please see: :Category:FK Spartak Subotica players."

</doc>
<doc id="20517380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517380" title="Colin Jones (footballer)">
Colin Jones (footballer)

Colin Jones (born 8 September 1940, Chester) is a former English footballer. He played in The Football League for Chester.
A wing half, Jones was one of several youngsters to get his first-team chance with Chester in the closing stages of the 1959–60. But he only enjoyed three outings for the club before joining Wrexham, where he failed to make a league appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="20517383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517383" title="Escot House">
Escot House

Escot House is a privately owned 19th-century country house, the home of the Kennaway family, situated at Talaton, near Ottery St Mary, East Devon. It is a Grade II listed building.
A house was built at Escot in 1678 for Sir Walter Yonge Bt by Robert Hooke and altered by architect James Wyatt in 1795.. It was sold in 1794 to Sir John Kennaway Bt, an East India Company diplomat then recently returned from India. The house was destroyed by fire in 1808 and the Kennaways lived for some time at Fairmile and Fort House, Sidmouth.
Sir John built the new house to a design by architect Henry Roberts in 1838. Built in yellow brick with limestone mouldings, the two-storey house has a square plan and symmetrical five-bayed west, south and east entrance fronts.
Sir John Henry Kennaway, the third Baronet, was Member of Parliament for East Devon and Honiton.
The house is not generally open to the public but is available for functions and is licensed for weddings. 
Escot Park, the surrounding park, designed by Capability Brown in the 18th century, and the gardens are open to the public. Escot Park is used for events including the annual Beautiful Days music festival and occasional other outdoor music and theatre performances.

</doc>
<doc id="20517399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517399" title="Roy Mack">
Roy Mack

Roy Mack, born McGillucuddy, (c. 1889 – February 11, 1960) was the co-owner of the Philadelphia Athletics of the American League with his brother Earle Mack from through . In 1954, the brothers sold the Athletics to Arnold Johnson, who moved the team to Kansas City, Missouri one season later. Mack was the son of Hall of Fame manager and former Athletics owner Connie Mack. Roy was a graduate of Worcester Academy in Worcester, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="20517402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517402" title="Wisconsin Policy Research Institute">
Wisconsin Policy Research Institute

Wisconsin Policy Research Institute is a non-profit conservative think tank advocating free market economics in the state of Wisconsin. The organization is based in Hartland, Wisconsin, a suburb of Milwaukee.
It has played a prominent role in the development of the state's school voucher program and has formulated recommendations for state prison policy.

</doc>
<doc id="20517413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517413" title="Richard E. Snyder">
Richard E. Snyder

Richard Elliot “Dick” Snyder (born 1933) in Brooklyn, New York is an American publishing executive best known for his tenures at Simon & Schuster and Western Publishing.
Life and career.
He graduated from Tufts University in 1955 and served in the United States Army, receiving an honorable discharge in 1956. He began as a trainee at Doubleday & Co., rising to assistant marketing director in 1958. Snyder began working at Simon & Schuster in 1960, serving as President from 1975 to 1986, CEO from 1978 to 1994, and Chairman from 1986 to 1994. From 1975 to 1994, Simon & Schuster went from US$40 million to US$2 billion in annual revenue and became the largest book publisher in the world, home to notable authors including Bob Woodward, Graham Greene, Larry McMurtry, Mary Higgins Clark, Philip Roth, Joan Didion, Joseph Heller, Ian McEwen, Mario Puzo, Stephen Ambrose, Thomas Keneally, Walter Isaacson, and David McCullough. The trade division won nine Pulitzer Prizes in a row during his tenure.
After being abruptly dismissed by Viacom president Frank Biondi Jr. in 1994, Snyder formed an investment group to acquire control of Western Publishing, publishers of the Golden Books series of children's books. That deal was completed in 1996, and the company was renamed Golden Books Family Entertainment. By 1998, shares of Golden Books lost 98 percent of their value. The company filed for bankruptcy protection in early 1999, emerged in January 2000 and entered bankruptcy once again in 2001. The company was purchased by Random House and Classic Media following the 2001 bankruptcy.
Snyder has been married four times and is currently married to Terresa Liu Snyder. He has four children. His high-profile divorce from second wife Joni Evans made headlines in 1990. The Richard E. Snyder President's Lecture Series at Tufts was endowed by him in 2004. Snyder is a Trustee of the New York-Presbyterian Hospital.
In 2007, Snyder sued Edgar Bronfman Jr. over an alleged oral joint venture between the two involving the acquisition of Warner Music Group. Judge Bernard J. Fried of the New York State Supreme Court dismissed 4 of the 6 charges in 2008, allowing the rest to go forward.
At the request of Norman Mailer, Snyder was a major component in the resurrection of International PEN, an international literary organization. He also cofounded and chaired the National Book Awards and ran them for over 10 years. Snyder was also a member of the National Book Foundation and the Association of American Publishers.
The Richard E. Snyder President's Lecture Series at Tufts University was endowed by him in 2004 to invigorate the intellectual environment on campus by providing a forum for the presentation of provocative points of view on matters of global importance. Notable speakers have included Bob Woodward and Niall Ferguson. Snyder is a Trustee of New York-Presbyterian Hospital and a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.

</doc>
<doc id="20517418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517418" title="The Eternal City (1923 film)">
The Eternal City (1923 film)

The Eternal City (1923) is a silent film directed by George Fitzmaurice, from a script by Ouida Bergère based on a Hall Caine novel, starring Barbara La Marr, Lionel Barrymore and Bert Lytell.
The film was produced by Samuel Goldwyn Productions, distributed by Associated First National, and was a remake of "The Eternal City" (1915) starring Pauline Frederick. This film is the second filming of the 1902 play starring Viola Allen which was also based on Caine's novel.
Fitzmaurice was able to film King Victor Emmanuel III and Benito Mussolini reviewing Italian troops. As with many silents directed by George Fitzmaurice this film is now a lost film.

</doc>
<doc id="20517446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517446" title="Asterodon">
Asterodon

Asterodon is a genus of fungi in the family Hymenochaetaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="20517456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517456" title="Biological Resources Discipline">
Biological Resources Discipline

The Biological Resources Discipline (BRD) is a program of the United States Geological Survey (USGS). Its stated task is to work with other stakeholders to provide the scientific understanding and technologies needed to support the sound management and conservation of the United States' biological resources.
The following are "general principles" the BRD states guide the implementation of its mission and form the basis of its strategic planning:
- BRD develops scientific and statistically reliable methods and protocols to assess the status and trends of the United States's biological resources.
- BRD utilizes tools from the biological, physical, and social sciences to understand the causes of biological and ecological trends and to predict the ecological consequences of management practices.
- BRD leads in the development and use of the technologies needed to synthesize, analyze, and disseminate biological and ecological information.
- BRD strives for quality, integrity, and credibility of its research and technology by constantly improving its scientific programs through internal quality control, external peer review, and competitive funding.
- BRD enters into partnerships with scientific collaborators to produce high-quality scientific information and partnerships with the users of scientific information to ensure this information's relevance and application to real problems.
- BRD provides reliable scientific information to all American citizens while recognizing a special obligation to serve the biological information needs of Department of the Interior bureaus.

</doc>
<doc id="20517483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517483" title="Aurificaria">
Aurificaria

Aurificaria is a genus of fungi in the family Hymenochaetaceae. The type species, "Aurificaria indica", is currently the only species in this genus.

</doc>
<doc id="20517534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517534" title="Clavariachaete">
Clavariachaete

Clavariachaete is a genus of fungi in the family Hymenochaetaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="20517539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517539" title="Timmy Houlihan">
Timmy Houlihan

Timmy Houlihan (born 9 March 1982 in Adare, County Limerick) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Adare and was a member of the Limerick senior inter-county team at various times from 2001 until 2005.
Playing career.
Club.
Houlihan plays his club hurling with his local club in Adare and has enjoyed much success. He came to prominence with the club as a member of the minor team in the late 1990s. He won a minor county title in 1998 following a victory over Croom. Houlihan added a second consecutive minor title to his collection in 1999 following a win over Patrickswell in the county final. He later joined the club's under-21 team and won a county title in that grade in 2000. Houlihan subsequently became a star goalkeeper on the club's senior team. In 2001 the club won its first senior county title with Houlihan playing a key role between the posts throughout the entire campaign. He added a second county winners' medal to his collection in 2002 following a county final triumph over Ahane. Adare were later defeated in their quest for a third county championship victory in-a-row. In 2007, Houlihan spent a year away from hurling as he spent the year in Australia. Meanwhile, Adare picked up a third county title. Adare made a fourth county title of the decade in 2008 following a defeat of Ahane, Houlihan quickly restored his place in goals for the club. Houlihan's side were later defeated by De La Salle in the final of the Munster club final. In 2009 he won his 4th county title as Adare completed the three in a row after comprehensively defeating Na Piarsaigh in the final.
Minor and under-21.
Houlihan first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Limerick under-21 team in 1999. It was unusual at the time as he had yet to make his debut on the county's minor team. In 2000 Houlihan joined the Limerick minor team, however, his team were defeated in the provincial decider by Cork. 
In 2000 Limerick began an unprecedented run of success at under-21 level. Houlihan collected a Munster title in this grade that year following a 4-18 to 1-6 trouncing of Cork. Limerick later qualified for the All-Ireland final with Galway providing the opposition. Houlihan's clean sheet in that game proved the difference as Limerick won by 1-13 to 0-13. It was his first All-Ireland winners' medal in that grade.
In 2001 Houlihan was appointed captain of the county's under-21 side. That year Limerick retained their provincial title with the captain adding a second Munster title to his collection. Once again Limerick reached the All-Ireland final where Wexford were the opponents. In spite of leaving in two goals Limerick emerged victorious by 0-17 to 2-10. It was Houlihan's second All-Ireland under-21 medal while he also had the honour of collecting the cup.
2002 saw Limerick reach the provincial decider once again. After an exciting contest with Tipperary, which included extra-time, saw Houlihan's side winning by 1-20 to 2-14. It was his third consecutive Munster under-21 winners' medal. For the third year in a row Limerick lined out in the All-Ireland final with Galway providing the opposition once again. Houlihan kept a clean sheet once again as Limerick powered to a 3-17 to 0-8 victory. It was his third consecutive All-Ireland under-21 winners' medal.
Houlihan was the Limerick under-21 goalkeeper for a fifth year in 2003, however, Limerick surrendered their provincial and All-Ireland crowns at an early stage.
Senior.
While still a member of the Limerick minor hurling Houlihan became first-choice goalkeeper on the county's senior team for the National Hurling League in 2000. He made some stunning saves in the competition's semi-final, however, Joe Quaid won back his place for the championship. 
In 2001 Houlihan made his first championship start in a Munster quarter-final victory over Cork. Cork later defeated Waterford to book a place in the Munster final with Tipperary. An entertaining game of hurling followed, however, at the full-time whistle Tipp were the victors by 2-16 to 1-17. In spite of this defeat Limerick still had another chance at the All-Ireland title. Wexford provided the opposition in the All-Ireland quarter-final, however, Houlihan ended up on the losing side as the men from the model county captured a 4-10 to 2-15 victory. Following this defeat Houlihan was dropped from the Limerick senior hurling panel for 2002.
In 2003 Houlihan was recalled as first-choice Limerick goalkeeper once again. His first game back saw Limerick draw with Waterford in a thrilling game, however, Houlihan's side were defeated in the replay. Limerick later defeated Kerry after a stern test in an All-Ireland qualifier. The next phase of the qualifiers saw Houlihan's side being defeated by Offaly. After the conclusion of the campaign Houlihan was dropped from the Limerick panel for the 2004 season. 
For the second time Houlihan was recalled to the Limerick hurling panel again at the end of 2004. A draw with Tipperary in the 2005 Munster quarter-final was followed by defeat in the replay after extra-time. Limerick later progressed through the All-Ireland qualifiers to set up an All-Ireland quarter-final meeting with Kilkenny. Victory went to 'the Cats' on that occasion and Houlihan was replaced as first-choice goalkeeper by Brian Murray in 2006. He did, however, make a return to championship hurling that same year when he came on as a substitute in the All-Ireland qualifier defeat by Clare.
In 2010 he made his return to the Limerick panel following a number of the 2009 panel leaving, only to leave once more before the start of the league.

</doc>
<doc id="20517541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517541" title="STS-135">
STS-135

STS-135 (ISS assembly flight ULF7) was the 135th and final mission of the American Space Shuttle program. It used the orbiter "Atlantis" and hardware originally processed for the STS-335 contingency mission, which was not flown. STS-135 launched on 8 July 2011, and landed on 21 July 2011, following a one-day mission extension. The four-person crew was the smallest of any shuttle mission since STS-6 in April 1983. The mission's primary cargo was the Multi-Purpose Logistics Module (MPLM) "Raffaello" and a Lightweight Multi-Purpose Carrier (LMC), which were delivered to the International Space Station (ISS). The flight of "Raffaello" marked the only time that "Atlantis" carried an MPLM.
Although the mission was authorized, it initially had no appropriation in the NASA budget, raising questions about whether the mission would fly. On 20 January 2011, program managers changed STS-335 to STS-135 on the flight manifest. This allowed for training and other mission specific preparations. On 13 February 2011, program managers told their workforce that STS-135 would fly regardless of the funding situation via a continuing resolution. Until this point, there had been no official references to the STS-135 mission in NASA official documentation for the general public.
During an address at the Marshall Space Flight Center on 16 November 2010, NASA administrator Charles Bolden said that the agency needed to fly STS-135 to the station in 2011, due to possible delays in the development of commercial rockets and spacecraft designed to transport cargo to the ISS. "We are hoping to fly a third shuttle mission (in addition to STS-133 and STS-134) in June 2011, what everybody calls the launch-on-need mission...and that's really needed to down the risk for the development time for commercial cargo," Bolden said.
The mission was included in NASA's 2011 authorization, which was signed into law on 11 October 2010, but funding remained dependent on a subsequent appropriation bill. United Space Alliance signed a contract extension for the mission, along with STS-134; the contract contained six one-month options with NASA in order to support continuing operations.
The U.S. federal budget approved in April 2011 called for $5.5 billion for NASA's space operations division, including the shuttle and space station programs. According to NASA, the budget running through 30 September 2011 ended all concerns about funding the STS-135 mission.
Crew.
NASA announced the STS-335/135 crew on 14 September 2010. Only four astronauts were assigned to this mission, versus the normal six or seven, because there were no other shuttles available for a rescue following the retirement of "Discovery" and "Endeavour." If the shuttle was seriously damaged in orbit, the crew would have moved into the International Space Station and returned in Russian Soyuz capsules, one at a time, over the course of a year. All STS-135 crew members were custom-fitted for a Russian Sokol space suit and molded Soyuz seat liner for this possibility. The reduced crew size also allowed the mission to maximize the payload carried to the ISS. It was the only time that a Shuttle crew of four flew to the ISS. The last shuttle mission to fly with just four crew members occurred 28 years earlier: STS-6 on 4 April 1983 aboard .
Funding.
With support from both the House of Representatives and the Senate, the fate of STS-135 ultimately depended on whether lawmakers could agree to fund converting the mission from launch-on-need to an actual flight. On 15 July 2010, a Senate committee passed the 2010 NASA reauthorization bill, authored by Senator Bill Nelson, to direct NASA to fly an extra space shuttle mission (STS-135) pending a review of safety concerns. The bill still needed the approval of the full Senate. A draft NASA reauthorization bill considered by the House Science & Technology Committee did not provide for an extra shuttle mission. On 22 July 2010, during a meeting of the House Science Committee, U.S. Rep. Suzanne Kosmas successfully amended the House version of the bill to add an additional shuttle mission to the manifest.
On 5 August 2010, the Senate passed its version of the NASA reauthorization bill, just before lawmakers left for the traditional August recess. On 20 August 2010, NASA managers approved STS-135 mission planning targeting a 28 June 2011 launch. On 29 September 2010, the House of Representatives approved the Senate-passed bill on a 304–118 vote. The bill, approved by the U.S. Congress, went to President Barack Obama for his signature.
On 11 October 2010, Obama signed the legislation into law, allowing NASA to move forward with STS-135, though without specific funding. Generally, the average cost of a shuttle mission was about $450 million.
On 20 January 2011, STS-135's designation was officially changed from STS-335. On 14 February 2011, NASA managers announced that STS-135 would fly regardless of the funding situation in Congress.
Mission milestones.
The mission marked:
Payload.
STS-135 delivered supplies and equipment to provision the space station through 2012, following the end of NASA's space shuttle program. Since the ISS program is likely to be extended to 2020, the station will likely require more spare supplies after the shuttle retires. A shuttle extension beyond STS-135 would have allowed the crew to maintain the completed U.S. orbital segment, relying on the shuttle, but an ISS extension was never intended to be a guaranteed shuttle program extension, and the shuttle program officially ended after STS-135.
Multi-Purpose Logistics Module.
The Multi-Purpose Logistics Module (MPLM) "Raffaello" made up the majority of the payload. This was "Raffaello"'s fourth trip to the International Space Station since 2001 and the 12th use of an MPLM. Unlike previous MPLM missions that delivered large compartments and devices to outfit the space station laboratories, STS-135 delivered only bags and supply containers. The MPLM was filled with 16 resupply racks, which is the maximum that it could handle. Eight Resupply Stowage Platforms (RSPs), two Integrated Stowage Platforms (ISPs), six Resupply Stowage Racks (RSRs) and one Zero-G Stowage Rack (ZSR), which sits above another rack during transport.
On flight day 4, "Raffaello" was lifted out of "Atlantis"'s payload bay using the station's Canadarm2. It was berthed to nadir port of the Harmony node. After completing the cargo transfers to the ISS, "Raffaello" was loaded with almost of unneeded equipment and station waste to be brought back to Earth. On flight day 11, the MPLM was detached from Harmony and was secured in the cargo bay of the shuttle.
Lightweight Multi-Purpose Carrier.
The Lightweight Multi-Purpose Carrier (LMC) was also carried on STS-135. The External Thermal Cooling System (ETCS) Pump Module (PM) stored on ESP-2, which failed and was replaced on orbit in August 2010, rode home on the LMC so that a failure analysis can be performed on the ground. The Robotic Refueling Mission rode up to the station on the underside of the LMC and was placed onto the ELC-4.
Robotic Refueling Mission.
"Atlantis" carried the Robotic Refueling Mission (RRM) developed by the Satellite Servicing Capabilities project at the Goddard Space Flight Center (GSFC). It planned to demonstrate the technology and tools to refuel satellites in orbit by robotic means. After the proof of concept, the long-term goal of NASA is to transfer the technology to the commercial sector.
RRM included four tools, each with electronics and two cameras and lights. Additionally, it had pumps and controllers and electrical systems such as electrical valves and sensors.
The RRM payload was transported to the Kennedy Space Center in early March 2011, where the GSFC team performed the final preparations for space flight.
Once up on the International Space Station, RRM will be installed into the ELC-4. The Dextre robot is planned to be used in 2012 and 2013 during the refueling demonstration experiments.
Picosatellite Solar Cell Testbed 2.
Space Shuttle "Atlantis" carried a miniaturised satellite known as PSSC-2, or Picosatellite Solar Cell Testbed 2 into orbit. PSSC-2 was successfully deployed from the shuttle's cargo bay on flight day 13, becoming the 180th and last Space Shuttle payload to be placed into orbit.
TriDAR.
The mission was furthermore the third flight of the TriDAR sensor package designated DTO-701A (Detailed Test Objective), a 3D dual-sensing laser camera, intended for use as an autonomous rendezvous and docking sensor. It was developed by Neptec Design Group and funded by NASA and the Canadian Space Agency. TriDAR had previously flown on STS-128 and STS-131, aboard Space Shuttle "Discovery". TriDAR provides guidance information that can be used for rendezvous and docking operations in orbit, planetary landings and vehicle inspection/navigation of unmanned rovers. IT does not rely on any reference markers, such as reflectors, positioned on the target spacecraft, instead using a laser-based 3D sensor and a thermal imager. Geometric information contained in successive 3D images is matched against the known shape of the target object to calculate its position and orientation in real-time.
The sensor was emplaced on the exterior airlock truss next to a Trajectory Control System (TCS) sensor. The TriDAR hardware was installed in "Atlantis"'s payload bay on 6 April 2011. On STS-135, TriDAR was used to demonstrate technology for autonomous rendezvous and docking in orbit.
Down-mass payload.
STS-135 returned to Earth several items of downmass payload. The failed ammonia Pump Module that was replaced in August 2010 was returned inside "Atlantis"'s payload bay, on the upper side of the LMC. Also, a problematic Common Cabin Air Assembly (CCAA) Heat Exchanger (HX) was expected to be returned inside the MPLM. The shuttle also brought back material, including experiments, in its middeck lockers. Since STS-135 only had four crew members, astronauts did not occupy the middeck and as a result compared to previous shuttle missions to the Space Station, it had additional storage space.
Other supplies.
An iPhone was used by astronauts to log experiments, and was left on the ISS for future use. Two Nexus S smartphones were also installed inside Synchronized Position Hold, Engage, Reorient, Experimental Satellites (SPHERES) to allow the crew to pilot them aboard the ISS.
Shuttle processing.
External Tank 138 (ET-138) was produced at the Michoud Assembly Facility (MAF) in New Orleans and arrived at the Kennedy Space Center on the Pegasus barge. After offloading, the tank was transported into a checkout cell inside the VAB on 14 July 2010.
NASA initially planned for STS-134 ("Endeavour") to fly with the newer ET-138 and for the LON STS-335 ("Atlantis") mission to utilize the refurbished ET-122 only in the event that a rescue of "Endeavour"s crew were required. During Hurricane Katrina, ET-122 was damaged at the Michoud Assembly Facility (MAF) in New Orleans and while the tank was certified as completely flight-worthy after its repairs were completed, NASA management ruled that ET-122 posed a slightly higher risk of losing foam from the repaired areas and therefore assigned it to the STS-335 mission that would likely never fly. However, once it was decided to fly "Atlantis" on a full STS-135 mission, the tank assignments were swapped so that in the event STS-134 ("Endeavour") were to suffer damage from ET-122, "Atlantis" with the newer and less risky ET-138 would be poised to rescue "Endeavour"s crew.
In early December 2010, ground technicians installed the main engines on "Atlantis". The Shuttle received the center engine on 7 December 2010, followed by the lower-right engine and the lower-left on 8 and 9 December 2010 respectively inside Orbiter Processing Facility (OPF-1). The event marked the last set of main engines ever to be installed on a space shuttle.
Stacking operations of the Solid Rocket Boosters (SRBs) for the mission commenced in the evening hours of 29 March 2011. Technicians inside the VAB, lifted the left-aft segment from the handling crate and carefully maneuvered into High Bay No. 1 and finally onto the mobile launch platform. The booster stacking was completed in mid April. The completed boosters had a mixture of refurbished and unflown elements (11 sections on each booster). For example, the forward dome for the right-hand booster is new, while the upper cylinder on the left booster flew with STS-1 – the historic maiden flight of Space Shuttle Columbia. (For detailed information on the STS-135 boosters, see)
After completing the assembly process, the ET-138 was mated to the SRBs on 25 April.
Visit by President Obama's family.
President Barack Obama, his wife Michelle Obama, and their daughters, Malia and Sasha, viewed "Atlantis" at the Orbiter Processing Facility (OPF-1) on their visit to the Kennedy Space Center on 29 April 2011. The president's family missed the launch of "Endeavour" on the STS-134 mission, as the first launch attempt was scrubbed due to problems with two heaters on one of "Endeavour"s auxiliary power units (APUs).
During their tour of the Orbiter Processing Facility, the president's family was accompanied by United Space Alliance tile technician Terry White and astronaut Janet Kavandi. Standing under the wings of space shuttle "Atlantis", White gave the president and his family an informal tutorial.
Rollover.
On the early morning of 17 May 2011, Space Shuttle "Atlantis" departed OPF-1 and headed to the VAB for mating operations with ET-138. The short trip took longer than normal and allowed the shuttle workers to pose for a photo opportunity with the shuttle. The four STS-135 astronauts were also present to greet the workers and representatives of the media. "Atlantis" remained on the Orbiter Transport System overnight, as opposed to heading over to High Bay 1 on the same day.
Inside the VAB transfer aisle, lifting operations to rotate "Atlantis" vertically commenced on 18 May 2011. The crane that hoisted the shuttle placed it into the adjacent high bay. "Atlantis" was next lowered to meet up with the external tank and the two solid rocket boosters. The mating operations were completed on 19 May 2011. On the same day, NASA officially announced 8 July 2011 as the intended launch date of the STS-135 mission.
Rollout.
"Atlantis" was rolled out to Launch Pad 39A on 1 June. The first motion of "Atlantis" out of the Vehicle Assembly Building began at 20:42 EDT on 31 May 2011. Due to a minor hydraulic leak on a corner valve for the jacking and elevation system on the crawler-transporter, the move was delayed by 40 minutes. After the journey, the shuttle was secured on the launch pad at 03:29 EDT on 1 June 2011.
Large crowds, including the families of NASA's workforce, were present during the rollout. The STS-135 crew was also at the Kennedy Space Center to witness the last-ever rollout of a Space Shuttle. The crew participated in an informal Question & Answer session with news media, which was aired live on NASA TV. While "Atlantis" was rolled out to the launch pad, "Endeavour" was landing a few miles away at the Shuttle Landing Facility, touching down on Kennedy Space Center's Runway 15 at 02:34 EDT after completing its final mission, STS-134.
External tank fueling test.
"Atlantis"'s external tank for the STS-135 mission was put through a tanking test on 15 June 2011 to check the health of the tank's stringers. It was slightly delayed due to a lightning storm which passed over the Kennedy Space Center. During the test, technicians detected a hydrogen fuel valve leak in "Atlantis"'s main engine No. 3, as it recorded temperatures below normal levels. The leaking hydrogen valve was replaced on 21 June.
On 18 June, engineers also commenced X-ray inspections to verify the performance of the radius block doublers that were installed over the top of the stringers. The stringers form the backbone of ET-138's central "intertank" compartment that separates the upper liquid oxygen tank from the larger liquid hydrogen tank below. The installation of the doublers on ET-138 was ordered after engineers found stringer cracks in the tank used for "Discovery"'s STS-133 mission. Technicians finished all X-ray scans of the stringers on 24 June, well ahead of schedule. After analyzing the results, they found no issues.
Payload canister.
The STS-135 payload canister's move to Launch Pad 39A began in the night of 16 June. The canister's lifting up of the pad structure to place it into the cleanroom happened on the next day. Technicians at the launch pad closed the Rotating Service Structure (RSS) back around "Atlantis" to gain access to the orbiter's payload bay. The payload bay doors were opened on the night of 18 June and the cargo was installed into the shuttle's payload bay on 20 June.
Terminal countdown demonstration test.
The STS-135 crew then traveled to Kennedy Space Center, arriving in T-38 training jets just after 17:30 EDT on 20 June to take part in the countdown dress rehearsal and emergency training drills. After the arrival, the four astronauts spoke to reporters at the runway and acknowledged the historic nature of the final shuttle mission. "We're incredibly proud to represent the final flight," noted the commander, Chris Ferguson. During the training, the crew spent time learning pad 39A evacuation procedures and test-drove an armored tank available for the astronauts to escape the area. They also boarded "Atlantis" for a full countdown simulation on 23 June.
Mission timeline.
8 July (Flight Day 1 – Launch).
The launch day was threatened by unfavorable weather leaving only a 30% chance of a launch occurring; this changed an hour before launch to 60% chance of launch. Satisfactory weather appeared an hour before the launch window allowing the mission to proceed as planned. Launch director Mike Leinbach conducted the final series of GO/NO GO polls to verify the launch readiness. Shuttle Launch Integration Manager Michael P. Moses also issued a waiver for return to landing site (RTLS) weather. Later at the post-launch news conference, Mr. Moses explained that his decision was based on the fact although a few showers that were popping up within the radius from the Shuttle Landing Facility at RTLS landing were a launch constraint, the showers would have been cleared by the time of a RTLS landing (if it did) 35 minutes later.
At the end of the poll Mr. Leinbach told the crew "Good luck to you and your crew on the final flight of this true American icon. Good luck, godspeed and have a little fun up there" to which commander Chris Ferguson replied "Thanks to you and your team Mike, We're completing a chapter of a journey that will never end. The crew of Atlantis is ready to launch".
At T-31 seconds, just before Atlantis's computers were supposed to take control of the flight, the launch countdown clock stopped. This was because of a lack of an indication that the Gaseous Oxygen Vent Arm had retracted and properly latched, a problem that had never occurred during previous launches in the program's history. Soon the launch team was able to verify the Vent Arm's position with the help of a closed circuit camera, and the countdown clock resumed.
The final flight of Space Shuttle Atlantis launched from the Kennedy Space Center on 8 July at 11:29:03.9 EDT with launch commentator George Diller saying, "Two, one, zero and liftoff! The final liftoff of Atlantis – on the shoulders of the space shuttle, America will continue the dream". The launch was cheered by a crowd of nearly one million inside the Kennedy Space Center and in the surrounding area. Powered flight conformed to the standard timeline, with the two boosters separating from the ET after two minutes and five seconds, and the main engine cutoff (MECO) occurring at 15:37:28 GMT at a Mission Elapsed Time (MET) of 8 minutes and 24 seconds. The external tank, ET-138, separated from the shuttle at 15:37:49 GMT. A modification made in the ET-138 camera allowed it to beam back video of the tank's disintegration in the atmosphere. A further boost from the Orbital Maneuvering System (OMS) engines (the OMS-1 burn) was not required due to the nominal MECO, and Atlantis settled into an initial 225 x 58 km roughly 51.6 degree orbit. The crew performed several course correction actions on Flight Day 1. These included the 64 seconds OMS-2 burn which pushed Atlantis into a 230 x 158 km orbit and the NC-1 engine firing for 94 seconds to adjust the shuttle's orbital path to match with the Space Station. The NC-1 firing altered the shuttle's velocity by about .
NASA held a post-launch news conference at 12:10 CDT with Bill Gerstenmaier, Robert Cabana (director of NASA's John F. Kennedy Space Center), Mike Moses and Mike Leinbach.
After opening the shuttle's payload bay doors at 17:03:20 GMT, the crew began configuring Atlantis for on-orbit operations. The Ku-band antenna was deployed and the self-test was completed with satisfactory results. CAPCOM astronaut Barry Wilmore radioed the crew from mission control in Houston, reporting that a preliminary analysis found no signs of any significant debris or impact damage during the ascent. Commander Ferguson and Pilot Hurley also powered up the Shuttle's Robotic Arm and checked its functions ahead of next day's planned thermal protection survey.
9 July (Flight Day 2 – TPS survey).
A crowd at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center greeted the crew with a unique "good morning" call. "Good morning "Atlantis", the Marshall Space Flight Center hopes you enjoyed your ride to orbit. We wish you a successful mission and a safe return home," the workers said in a recorded video message.
The main objective of the day was to inspect "Atlantis"'s thermal protection system, using the shuttle's robotic arm and the Orbiter Boom Sensor System (OBSS) to look for any signs of launch damage. To do so, Commander Ferguson, Pilot Hurley and Mission Specialist Magnus used the shuttle's robotic arm and the OBSS to get a close up look at reinforced carbon–carbon wing leading edges and the nose cap of the shuttle. The robotic arm grappled the OBSS at 6:58 a.m. EDT. After raising out the arm-boom assembly, the crew activated the camera and laser sensor package on the boom to first scan the starboard wing. The nose cap was surveyed next followed by the port wing. The gathered visual and electronic data were downlinked during numerous Ku band communication opportunities to the ground. With imagery on their hand, experts began to review the data. The heat shield survey started around 11:00 UTC, was wrapped about five hours later. In his NASA TV commentary, NASA Public Affairs Officer, Rob Navias, said that most of the time, the crew worked ahead of schedule opting to take meals while working. The crew received high praise for their efficient work from the Mission Control Houston including CAPCOM astronaut Stephen Robinson who communicated with them during the survey.
While the TPS survey was under way, Mission Specialist Walheim spent much of his afternoon on the shuttle's middeck. He worked to prepare items carried into orbit there for transfer to the space station. Later in the day, Walheim worked with Hurley to check out the rendezvous tools that would be used during "Atlantis"'s docking with the ISS on Flight Day 3. Meanwhile, Ferguson and Magnus installed the center-line camera in the window of the shuttle's hatch for a view that would help them align "Atlantis" with the space station.
The NC2 and NC3 course correction burns were also performed during Flight Day 2 to change the flight path of "Atlantis" en route to the ISS. The NC3 maneuver lasted seven seconds and changed the shuttle's velocity by about . Aboard the ISS, the Expedition 28 crew completed the pressurization of Pressurized Mating Adapter (PMA-2), located at the forward docking port of the Harmony module, ahead of the shuttle's docking. Crew members Fossum, Volkov and Furukawa also held a meeting with the ground imagery experts to discuss the planned photography shoot during "Atlantis"'s rendezvous pitch maneuver (RPM).
During the mission status briefing from the Johnson Space Flight Center (JSC), shuttle flight director Kwatsi Alibaruho said that "Atlantis" was off to one of the smoothest starts of any mission in the 30-year history of NASA's shuttle program. He told reporters, "I think this is certainly one of the better starts that we have seen".
10 July (Flight Day 3 – Docking).
The STS-135 crew began their day at 07:29 UTC and prepared to dock with the ISS. The crew encountered a minor problem when Atlantis's General Purpose Computer (GPC3) failed. However, this held no impacts for the rendezvous and docking operations as two GPCs proved sufficient.
Commander Chris Ferguson and pilot Douglas Hurley performed a series of rendezvous burns (NH, NC4, NCC, MC1-4 and TI) to boost the orbit of Atlantis to match with that of the ISS. At 11:40 UTC, with about 9 miles (14 km) separating the shuttle and the ISS, Ferguson performed the final 12-second terminal initiation (TI) burn, firing the left OMS engine of Atlantis at 12:29 UTC. It placed the shuttle below the Space Station at 13:51 UTC. By 13:26 UTC, with Ferguson flying Atlantis from the aft flight deck, the shuttle positioned beneath the ISS and began the 360-degree flip rendezvous pitch maneuver (RPM). As the shuttle's underside rotated into view, three of the Expedition 28 ISS crew members – Sergei Volkov, Mike Fossum and Satoshi Furukawa using cameras with 1000 mm, 800 mm and 400 mm lenses, respectively photographed Atlantis's under belly for 90 seconds, as part of post-launch inspections of the thermal protection system. The photos were being sent to mission control in Houston to be evaluated by experts on the ground to look for any damage.
Atlantis docked with the ISS Pressurized Mating Adapter-2 at 15:07 UTC as the two orbited 220 miles (350 km) over the South Pacific Ocean east of New Zealand. This was Atlantis's 19th docking to a Space Station. "Houston, station, Atlantis, capture confirmed and we see free drift," radioed Hurley, confirming the successful docking. In reply, "Atlantis arriving," said Ron Garan after the ceremonial ringing of the station's bell. "Welcome to the International Space Station for the last time". A series of leak checks were done on both sides of the hatches, before they were opened at 16:47 UTC. Shortly afterwards, the shuttle crew floated into the station's Harmony module at 16:55 UTC. After a brief welcoming ceremony by the station crew, Atlantis's astronauts received the standard station safety briefing.
The crew then got to work with Ferguson and Hurley using the shuttle arm to take its OBSS from the station's Canadarm2 operated by Garan and Furukawa. The station arm had plucked the OBSS from its stowage position on the shuttle cargo bay sill. The handoff was to prepare to use the boom for any shuttle heat shield late inspections if required. Magnus worked with TV setup and Walheim transferred spacewalk gear.
During Flight Day 3, flight controllers began monitoring reports from the Department of Defense's U.S. Strategic Command that an orbital debris piece of the Russian satellite COSMOS 375 may come near the station and shuttle complex about noon the next day. The team updated tracking information following the docking and determined that no course correction maneuver was necessary.
11 July (Flight Day 4 – MPLM installation).
The main objective of Flight Day 4 was to install the "Raffaello" MPLM on the nadir port of the station's Harmony module. The crew started their day in space at 7:02 UTC. Mission Specialist Sandra Magnus, along with Pilot Doug Hurley, used the Canadarm2, beginning at 9:09 UTC, to remove the "Raffaello" module from the payload bay of "Atlantis". The two installed the MPLM on the Harmony node at 10:46 UTC. After leak checks, hatches between "Raffaello" and the ISS were opened before noon.
Because "Atlantis" launched on time with a full load of onboard consumables for its electricity-generating fuel cells, and due to power saving operations employed during the first three days, on Flight Day 4, NASA's managers approved a one-day mission extension. According to NASA, the mission was extended primarily to allow the crew spend more time on cargo transfers. CAPCOM Megan McArthur also notified commander Chris Ferguson that the Mission Management Team determined had decided not to do a Focused Inspection of the Atlantis's heat shield. The Damage Assessment Team had only found one tile ding along with four areas of minor damage to insulating blankets, said chairman Leroy Cain during the day's Mission Management Briefing aired on NASA TV.
Shortly before the end of their workday, STS-135 crew members and Expedition 28 crew members Ron Garan, Mike Fossum and Satoshi Furuakawa met for about an hour to review procedures for the next day's spacewalk.
12 July (Flight Day 5 – Station spacewalk).
Flight day 5 saw Expedition 28 Flight Engineers Mike Fossum and Ron Garan perform a spacewalk. Because of a short training flow and a requirement to launch the shuttle with a reduced crew of four, NASA opted not to utilize two spacewalkers from the STS-135 crew. The main tasks for the spacewalk included retrieving a failed pump module from an external stowage platform of the ISS for return to Earth inside shuttle's cargo bay, installing two experiments and repairing a new base for the station's robotic arm. The spacewalk began at 13:22 UTC (NASA Rule). For identification, Fossum's EMU spacesuit had red stripes around the legs, while Garan's had no markings. The spacewalkers used Canadarm2 to retrieve the pump module which failed in 2010. Operated by STS-135 Pilot Hurley and Mission Specialist Magnus in the station's cupola, Garan rode Canadarm2 to the pump module's stowage platform where he and Fossum removed it. Still on the arm, Garan took the pump module inside Atlantis's payload bay. There Fossum bolted it into place on the LMC. The astronauts next removed the Robotics Refueling Mission (RRM) experiment from the payload bay. Fossum, now on the arm, carried the experiment to a platform on Dextre for temporary storage, while Garan cleaned up tools and equipment in the payload bay of Atlantis. Recognizing the historical significance, "Take a look around, Ronny, You're the last EVA person in the payload bay of a shuttle." radioed Mission Specialist Rex Walheim, who served as the intra-vehicular officer to coordinate the spacewalk, from Atlantis's flight deck.
Upon completion of the installation, Fossum moved to the front of the Zarya module and freed a wire stuck in one latch door at a data grapple fixture. The fixture had been installed during STS-134, the previous shuttle mission. The grapple fixture serves as a base for Canadarm2, considerably extending its range of operation on the Russian segment of the ISS. Garan also deployed a materials experiment (MISSE-8) that focuses on optical reflector materials, also installed during STS-134, on Express Logistics Carrier (ELC-2) FRAM-3 site on the station's starboard truss. Back together again, Fossum and Garan moved on to the Pressurized Mating Adapter (PMA-3) on the Tranquility node. They installed an insulating cover on the end of the adapter, an area exposed to considerable sunshine.
The two astronauts completed the six-hour, 31-minute spacewalk at 19:53 UTC. It was the 160th spacewalk in support of ISS assembly and maintenance and 249th spacewalk by U.S. astronauts. Inside the shuttle-station complex, transfer of material from the "Raffaello" MPLM began.
A urine processor in a U.S. toilet located in the Tranquility module was turned off since on Flight Day 4, as the astronauts reported a strong odor from the equipment. The decision was made since during the spacewalk, Hurley and Magnus used a robotics work station in the cupola.
13 July (Flight Day 6 – Cargo transfers).
Atlantis crew received a special wakeup message from Sir Elton John to start flight day 6. The message followed the day's wakeup song which was played at 6:29 UTC. Atlantis's crew focused on unpacking supplies from the "Raffaello" MPLM. The crew started the day 26 percent through the combined 15,069 pounds of cargo to transfer in or out of "Raffaello". The MPLM was launched with 9,403 pounds of cargo and it is expected to return 5,666 pounds when Atlantis lands. The supplies and equipment that Atlantis astronauts delivered to the orbiting outpost is expected to keep the station well supplied through 2012.
The crew had some help from the station crew of Andrey Borisenko, Sergei Volkov and Satoshi Furukawa in the transfer operations. Crew members also opened the Pressurized Mating Adapter (PMA-3), attached to the Tranquility node, and stored some of the material from "Raffaello" there. Station lead flight director Chris Edelen said at an afternoon briefing that about 50% of the cargo had been moved from "Raffaello" and the shuttle's middeck to the space station.
All four shuttle crew members took some time out of their work at 16:54 UTC to talk with reporters from WBNG-TV and WICZ-TV in Binghamton, New York, near Pilot Doug Hurley's home town of Apalachin and KGO-TV of San Francisco.
On the day, Space Shuttle Discovery also moved from the Orbiter Processing Facility (OPF-2) to the nearby Vehicle Assembly Building (VAB) to enter storage. The move was planned to house Atlantis in OPF-2 after landing.
14 July (Flight Day 7 – Cargo transfers/Off-duty).
Flight Day 7 saw crew unpacking more cargo from the "Raffaello" MPLM.
The crew also took some time off to participate in several special events. At 10:59 UTC, Commander Ferguson and Mission Specialist Magnus spoke with reporters from Fox News Radio and KTVI-TV and KSDK-TV in St. Louis. Then, at about 13:20 UTC, the entire crew was interviewed by WBBM-TV in Chicago, KTVU-TV in Oakland, California, and WTXF-TV in Philadelphia. Afterward the shuttle crew had most of the afternoon off. For supper, both the Atlantis and station crews enjoyed a special "All-American Meal" of barbecue brisket or grilled chicken and baked beans, southwestern corn and apple pie. NASA invited the public to share in it, virtually.
NASA on flight day 7 released the video captured by cameras mounted on each of Atlantis's solid rocket boosters showing the launch of the shuttle.
The shuttle astronauts went to sleep as planned but were awakened by the sound of a master alarm on board Atlantis at 22:07 GMT. The tone signaled a failure with one of Atlantis's five IBM AP-101 General Purpose Computers (GPCs) No. 4. The alarm prompted Commander Ferguson to head to Atlantis and evaluate the issue. GPC-4 was running system management software at the time of failure. Ferguson with the help of Ground Control later transferred the failed GPC's programs onto GPC-2. The transfer took about 45 minutes, bypassing an expected period of loss of signal by utilizing communications at White Sands, New Mexico. After activating GPC-2 and with Atlantis in good shape, Ferguson and other crew members went back to sleep. "You all have done an absolutely fabulous job. We have polled the room, everyone is ready for you to go back to sleep," radioed CAPCOM Shannon Lucid from Mission Control.
As a result of the extra time spent on fixing the GPC-4 issue, Mission Control extended the crew sleep period by 30 minutes. Although no root cause was immediately identified, ground controllers immediately ruled out any connection between GPC-4 malfunction and the problem suffered by GPC-3 ahead of docking.
15 July (Flight Day 8 – Cargo transfers).
The crew awakened at 4:59 UTC to a special message and a song from Sir Paul McCartney. The wake up call was 30 minutes later than Atlantis's crew had been scheduled in order to give them time to make up sleep they lost over the course of the night due to the failure of GPC-4. Early on the day, Atlantis commander Ferguson and pilot Hurley re-loaded software and successfully restarted the GPC-4. Flight controllers in Houston also downloaded data dumps to carefully monitor the computer to make sure that it was running normally.
While Ferguson and Hurley focused on computer troubleshooting, Mission Specialists Magnus and Walheim together with the station crew continued to work on cargo transfers between Atlantis the Space Station. Walheim also transferred EMU/airlock items to Atlantis that won't be needed in the post-shuttle era.
Several media interviews happened at about 10:45 UTC. Ferguson and Doug Hurley talked with representatives of CBS Radio, KYW-TV in Philadelphia and Associated Press. Next, beginning at 12:04 UTC all STS-135 crew members talked with WPVI-TV and KYW Radio, both of Philadelphia, and Reuters. At the 45-minute crew news conference, Atlantis crew members and their station colleagues gathered in the Japanese Kibo Laboratory to take questions from news media. Reporters at four NASA centers, NASA headquarters and in Japan participated.
President Barack Obama, at about 16:30 UTC also called the combined Expedition 28 and Atlantis crews. He thanked those who had supported the shuttle program and said that he was proud of all the crew members. Shuttle Commander Chris Ferguson said that all the partners on the station were honored to represent their home countries in this multinational effort and station Flight Engineer Sergei Volkov described the station and shuttle crews, from three nations, as "one big family".
During the Mission Status Briefing, the STS-135 lead flight director Mr. Kwatsi Alibaruho said that transfers were right on timeline with 70% complete. The crew was ahead of timeline on earlier days but the computer problem caused to slow them down. He further mentioned that the latch on Atlantis's middeck locker for LiOH canisters is broken, and as a result, the entire panel had been fastened to floor with fasteners. The LiOH canisters are used to scrub Carbon Dioxide from the cabin air inside the shuttle. When Atlantis is docked to the Space station, the station Carbon Dioxide Removal Assembly (CDRA) takes care of both the station's and Atlantis's air revitalization. However, when Atlantis flies solo after undocking, LiOH canisters are required. Regarding the GPC-4 issue, Mr. Alibaruho said that it a was very infrequent failure, happened before only on STS-9 and the last time a problem occurred on GPC 4 was on Atlantis's STS-71 mission.
16 July (Flight Day 9 – Cargo transfers).
Flight day 9 was the bonus day added by the Mission Management Team earlier on the week as a result of Atlantis having been able to generate enough cryogenic Oxygen and Hydrogen to power its fuel cells. Throughout the day, the four member STS-135 crew spent more time to move supplies and equipment between the ISS and the "Raffaello" MPLM.
Early on the day, Commander Ferguson and Pilot Hurley also spent some time working to successfully repair the door that gives the crew access to the LiOH canisters. Mission Specialist Magnus spent about an hour and a half in the morning taking microbial air samples on various locations in the space station. The collected samples will be returned for study and further analysis. Magnus also worked the Japanese Experiment Module Remote Manipulator System (JEMRMS). Mission Specialist Walheim along with station crew member Mike Fossum continued work with spacewalking equipment in the Quest airlock. Some of them will be left on the station, and will be utilized during an upcoming Russian spacewalks on 3 August 2011. Hurley working with station crew member Ron Garan stored some of the cargo in Atlantis's middeck to be returned. Since no astronaut was riding in the mid-deck, on the way back, it was expected to be fully packed with 1564 pounds of cargo. Among cargo brought to the space station, 2281 pounds were also in the mid-deck.
The STS-135 crew also provided a recorded message as a tribute to Atlantis, the entire Space Shuttle Program and team. In the message, Ferguson spoke about the U.S. flag displayed behind them that was flown on the first space shuttle mission, STS-1. It was flown on this mission to be presented to the space station crew. The flag will remain displayed on board the space station until the next crew launched from the U.S. retrieves it for return to Earth.
In a video celebrating the centennial of naval aviation, Commander Ferguson and Pilot Hurley also paid tribute to U.S. naval aviators. Among many those who have made significant contributions to the manned U.S. space program, Hurley mentioned several names such as Alan Shepard, the first American to fly in space; John Glenn, the first American to orbit the Earth; Neil Armstrong and Eugene Cernan, the first and last humans to set foot on the moon; John Young and Robert Crippen, the first pilots of the Space Shuttle; and Ferguson and Hurley, the commander and the pilot of the current (last) shuttle flight.
Just before the crew prepared to go for sleep, CAPCOM Megan McArthur notified them that the flight controllers thought that the GPC-4 failure was caused by a single event upset (teams on the ground listed a Coronal Mass Ejection as one of three potential contributing factors) and that GPC-4 was a healthy machine. Furthermore, she mentioned that the plan was to assign systems management (SM) to GPC-4 the next morning and if no further problems arose, it was to be kept for undocking.
17 July (Flight Day 10 – Cargo transfers/Off duty).
On Flight Day 10, the crew of Atlantis wrapped up the transfer work inside the "Raffaello" MPLM. During the Mission Status Briefing, Space Station lead Flight Director Chris Edelen said that "They (crew) reached a key milestone today in that the "Raffaello" logistics module was closed out, all the cargo that (came) up to space station has been transferred over, that was actually completed a couple of days ago, and today they've packed "Raffaello" with all the return cargo that's going to be coming back to Earth". STS-135 delivered 9403 pounds of cargo in the MPLM up to the space station and the crew packed up 5666 pounds of returning cargo inside the MPLM. The crew also installed the control and power assemblies in the hatch leading into the MPLM. On the next day, the controllers were used to drive the bolts to release the MPLM from Node 2.
At 10:10 UTC, pilot Doug Hurley and Mission Specialist Rex Walheim answered videotaped questions from students at NASA Explorer Schools across the United States. It was the last interactive educational event conducted by a space shuttle crew.
After their midday meal, Mission Specialist Sandra Magnus and Commander Chris Ferguson worked a little over an hour continuing to move experiments and equipment to and from Atlantis's middeck. At the end 84% of middeck transfers were completed. The crew transferred a new science refrigerator (GLACIER) from the Shuttle's middeck to the Space Station. Another couple of noteworthy middeck payloads that were transferred included the mass spectrometer in the mass constituent analyzer, a device in the U.S. segment that samples air from different parts of the station to determine its constituents. Flight Engineer Ron Garan removed the broken spectrometer and moved it to Atlantis's middeck for return. The suspect gyroscope in the TVIS treadmill located in the Russian segment removed by Flight Engineer Sergey Alexandrovich Volkov was also placed in the middeck. After completing those transfers, the shuttle crew had most of the afternoon off.
NASA TV also showed a recorded video in which Magnus, a soccer enthusiast and Station Flight Engineer Satoshi Furukawa cheer on their country's women's world cup soccer teams. On 17 July, the U.S. team played against Japan, in the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup final in Hannover, Germany. Japan won the final on a penalty shoot-out following a 2–2 tie after extra time.
18 July (Flight Day 11 – MPLM return, farewells/Hatch closure).
The STS-135 crew returned the MPLM back to Atlantis's payload bay on flight day 12, closed the hatches between the Space Station and the Shuttle and prepared for next day's undocking.
Beginning at 5:03 UTC, the hatches separating "Raffaello" MPLM and the ISS were closed. With station's Canadarm2 locked onto "Raffaello", commands were issued at 10:14 UTC to begin the releasing operations of the 16 motorized bolts holding the MPLM in place on the station's Node 2. Arm operators, Mission Specialist Magnus and Pilot Hurley working inside the cupola, un-berthed "Raffaello" at 10:48 UTC and moved it back to Atlantis's payload bay. The move was completed by around 11:48 UTC. The securing of the "Raffaello" in the shuttle's payload bay marked the 10th and final transfer of an MPLM in the history of the Space Shuttle program.
Atlantis and Space Station crew members said their goodbyes and closed hatches between the two spacecraft at 14:28 UTC, ending seven days, 21 hours, 41 minutes of joined docked operations. the farewell ceremony, Commander Ferguson presented to the station a small U.S. flag that had flown on STS-1. He also presented a shuttle model signed by program officials and the mission's lead shuttle and station flight directors. "What you don't see is the signatures of the tens of thousands who rose to orbit with us over the past 30 years, if only in spirit," Ferguson said.
Ferguson thanked Expedition 28 commander Andrey Borisenko for the hospitality and his crew's help in making the mission a success. Borisenko replied by wishing the shuttle crew a safe trip home and happy landings. Station Flight Engineer Ron Garan especially thanked Magnus for her "load master" activity of moving cargo between the two spacecraft.
Shortly after hatches between the two spacecraft were closed, the crew returned to "Atlantis". They carried out tasks to prepare for the undocking from the Space Station. Ferguson and Hurley installed the centerline camera while hatch leak checks were still under way. Hurley and Walheim also checked out the rendezvous tools.
19 July (Flight Day 12 – Undocking).
Space Shuttle Atlantis undocked from the Space Station early on flight day 12, marking the end of shuttle visits to the orbiting outpost. With pilot Douglas Hurley at the control, undocking occurred at 6:28 UTC as the two spacecraft flew through orbital night above the Pacific Ocean east of Christchurch, New Zealand. Shortly after, in keeping with naval tradition, flight engineer Ron Garan rang the station's bell in the Harmony module, and said "Atlantis, departing the International Space Station for the last time."
After undocking, Atlantis moved away, to a station keeping point about ahead of the ISS. Before beginning a final half-lap unique fly, pilot Doug Hurley paused the shuttle by firing thrusters for a moment and during this time the space station changed its orientation by rotating 90 degrees to the right. That gave Atlantis crew a good opportunity to take still camera photographs and shoot video of station areas not normally documented in previous shuttle fly-arounds. The images are expected to help experts on the ground to get additional information on the station's conditions. The half-lap fly around which began around 7:30 UTC was completed about 25 minutes later.
Teams in both shuttle and station flight control rooms in Houston were working their last shuttle shift. Commander Ferguson thanked the Orbit 1 team of shuttle flight controllers headed by Flight Director Kwatsi Alibaruho. He urged them to pause a moment on their way out and "make a memory." From the station flight control room, CAPCOM Daniel Tani, told Ferguson that it had been 'a pleasure and an honor" to support the mission. "We are proud to be the last of a countless line of mission control teams who have watched while shuttles visited the ISS. The ISS wouldn't be here without the shuttle." noted Tani. "It's been an incredible ride. On behalf of the four of us, we're really appreciative we had the opportunity to work with you on this pivotal mission," replied Ferguson.
At the end of the half-loop, "Atlantis" did two TI separation burns, the second at 8:18 UTC to move away from the vicinity of the space station.
After their midday meal, Ferguson, Hurley and Mission Specialist Sandra Magnus did the late survey of "Atlantis"'s heat shield, focused on the reinforced carbon carbon (RCC) of the wing leading edges and the nose cap. They used the shuttle's RMS and its OBSS to look first at the starboard wing, then the nose cap and finally the port wing. The crew completed the inspections at 2:30 UTC. Magnus and ground engineers began reviewing the collected data to verify that shuttle's TPS has received no impact damage from micrometeoroids or space junk during its docked operations or fly-around of the station. At the end of a highly successful day in space, the crew members went to bed at 4:59 UTC.
20 July (Flight Day 13 – PicoSat deployment/Landing prep).
Flight day 13 was the final full day in space for the STS-135 crew. They spent the day checking out "Atlantis"′s flight control surfaces and hot-firing its reaction control system (RCS) jets, making sure everything was ready for deorbit. Mission managers cleared "Atlantis" for re-entry after reviewing results of the late inspection survey of the shuttle's heat shield, performed by the crew on the flight day 12.
"Atlantis"'s crew also deployed an 8.2-lb (3.7-kg), 5×5×10-inch technology demonstration picosatellite, the Pico-Satellite Solar Cell experiment (PSSC-2), into a low Earth orbit at around 360 km, from inside a spring ejection canister in the shuttle's payload bay. The picosatellite relayed data back on the performance of its solar cells, which were based on new technology intended for use on future satellites. PSSC-2, which was deployed at 7:54 UTC, was the 180th and final payload deployed by a Space Shuttle. Shortly after, CAPCOM astronaut Barry Wilmore congratulated the crew from the ground on the successful deployment. Mission specialist Rex Walheim marked the milestone by reciting an original poem. "Outstanding, Rex, we applaud you," Wilmore said amid cheers from the Houston Flight Control Room.
The crew also participated in one last round of interviews with reporters on the ground. At 8:44 UTC, the crew talked with ABC News, CBS News, CNN, Fox News and NBC News.
Later in the day, the crew finished their final preparations for "Atlantis"’s planned landing. Commander Ferguson and Pilot Hurley practiced landing procedures with a video game-like simulator, the Portable Inflight Landing Operations Trainer (PILOT). At 6:15 UTC, Ferguson, Hurley and Walheim powered up one of the APUs to conduct OPS-8 activities. This process verified the functionality of "Atlantis"'s flight control surfaces, actuating the rudder, speed brakes, wing and tail body flaps which guided the shuttle through the atmosphere. They then stowed the Ku-Band antenna at 10:34 a.m. EDT and went to sleep.
The Empire State Building in New York City paid tribute to 30 years of space shuttle flights by lighting up in red, white and blue throughout the night of 20 July.
21 July (Flight Day 14 – Landing).
The final day began with the wakeup song "God Bless America" played at 12:29 UTC. According to CAPCOM Shanon Lucid, the song was dedicated to not only the entire crew, but also to all "the men and women who put their heart and soul into the shuttle program for all these years".
The weather outlook for the landing was promising, with visibility and crosswinds. Flight controllers decided against delaying the landing until daylight, citing the excellent weather conditions. The crew was given a "go" to start "fluid loading", which involved drinking large amounts of liquids and salt tablets. The protocol assists the incoming astronauts from space with weightlessness conditions to re-adapt to Earth's gravity.
The de-orbit burn occurred at 4:49:04 a.m. EDT for three minutes and 17 seconds to decelerate the craft over the Indian Ocean near northwestern Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The shuttle was re-oriented into forward, right-side-up free-flight. The Shuttle crew continued its descent and entered the earth's atmosphere around 5:25 a.m. EDT. Shuttle technicians moved onto the shuttle landing site around 5:35 a.m. EDT. The craft eventually decelerated to coast at . The Space Shuttle landed at the Kennedy Space Center on runway 15 at 5:57:00 am EDT. Nose Gear touch down occurred at 5:57:20 am EDT. Wheelstop occurred at 5:57:54 am EDT.
Recognizing the historical enormity of the final landing, Commander Chris Ferguson just after wheels stop said "Mission complete, Houston, After serving the world for over 30 years, the shuttle has earned its place in history, and it has come to a final stop." to which Entry CAPCOM Barry Wilmore replied "We congratulate you, "Atlantis", as well as the thousands of passionate individuals across this great space faring nation who truly empowered this incredible spacecraft which has inspired millions around the globe."
Hundreds turned out at Kennedy Space Center to witness the last-ever landing of a space shuttle. An estimated 4,000 shuttle program workers also gathered to watch TV coverage at the Johnson Space Center in Texas. Inside Mission Control, team members shook hands, hugged and took pictures of each other savoring the historical occasion.
After working through the checklists to safely power down the shuttle, the crew egressed Atlantis into the Crew Transport Vehicle (CTV). Shortly after, the Houston Mission Control Center handed over Atlantis to the landing convoy at the KSC. The crew performed the traditional walk-around of the shuttle after walking down the stairs from the CTV. On the runway, they also met NASA Administrator Charles Bolden, NASA Deputy Administrator Lori Garver, KSC Center Director Robert Cabana, shuttle program manager John Shannon, launch director Mike Leinbach, Atlantis flow manager Angie Brewer, and other NASA officials. Charles Bolden and Commander Ferguson spoke briefly on the tarmac. Feguson did note that the door to the Waste Collection System in shuttle's mid-deck flew open during entry. After the speech, the crew got into the AstroVan for the ride to the crew quarters building where they spend the night before returning to Houston on the next day.
Atlantis was towed back to Orbiter Processing Facility (OPF-2) where a walk-around for NASA/Kennedy Space Center employees was held. Following the event, the shuttle was returned to OPF-2 vacated by Space Shuttle Discovery on 13 July. Technicians will begin down processing Atlantis preparing the shuttle's retirement as a museum exhibit in the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex.
Welcome ceremonies.
On 21 July 2011, NASA hosted an employee appreciation event outside OPF-2, with "Atlantis" parked. Cheryl Hurst, the director of education and external relations at KSC, spoke first and invited Susan Lambert to lead the crowd with the American national anthem. A pledge of allegiance followed from KSC children, and NASA Administrator Charles Bolden and KSC Director Robert Cabana spoke to the shuttle program employees. During the event, Rita Wilcoxson and Patricia Stratton were presented with highest NASA honors: the Distinguished Service Medal and the Distinguished Public Service Medal respectively. The citations on both were identical, stating "for continuous outstanding leadership contributions provided to the nation's space shuttle program". A public "welcome home" ceremony was held for "Atlantis" at Houston's Ellington Field Hangar 990 on 22 July.
Wake-up calls.
NASA began a tradition of playing music to astronauts during the Gemini program, and first used music to wake up a flight crew during Apollo 15. Each track is specially chosen, often by the astronauts' families, and usually has a special meaning to an individual member of the crew, or is applicable to their daily activities.
For STS-135, some of the wake-up calls were accompanied by greetings, from either the performing artist or NASA employees.

</doc>
<doc id="20517555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517555" title="Charles Read">
Charles Read

Charles Read may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20517570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517570" title="Coltricia">
Coltricia

Coltricia is a genus of fungi in the family Hymenochaetaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="20517575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517575" title="Philpott">
Philpott

Philpott or Philpotts may refer to:
Persons:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="20517578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517578" title="Geddes">
Geddes

Geddes may refer to:
Places.
Scotland
United States
Elsewhere

</doc>
<doc id="20517587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517587" title="Jean Pougnet">
Jean Pougnet

Jean Pougnet (20 July 1907 – 14 July 1968) was a Mauritian-born concert violinist and orchestra leader, of British nationality, who was highly regarded in both the lighter and more serious classical repertoire during the first half of the twentieth century.
Origins and training.
Jean Pougnet was born in Mauritius to British parents. His father held a civil service position there, and was an excellent amateur pianist who gave lessons. The family moved to England in 1909, when Jean was two. His musical ability was first recognised by his sister Marcelle, who gave him some violin lessons, and musical influences were also received from his elder brother René, a pianist. They happened to be near neighbours of the distinguished violin teacher Rowsby Woof, who took him on as a private pupil. In 1919 (aged 11) he won a scholarship to the Royal Academy of Music and studied there for seven years.
Early career.
Pougnet made his first public appearance in his twelfth year at King's Hall, Covent Garden, but his real break was a solo recital at the Wigmore Hall just before his sixteenth birthday, and his appearance soon afterwards at a Promenade concert. While he was still at the Academy he established a quartet. A Jean Pougnet Quartet appeared publicly at the Wigmore Hall in March 1926 to perform Beethoven's Quartet, Op. 18, No. 3, the Vaughan Williams Quartet in G minor, and the Ravel Quartet. The group consisted of Pougnet, Hugo Rignold as second violin (later a celebrated conductor), Harry Berly (a distinguished pupil of Lionel Tertis) as viola and Douglas Cameron (cello). At about this time he assisted the Music Society String Quartet (later called the International String Quartet), consisting of André Mangeot and Boris Pecker (violins), Harry Berly (viola) and John Barbirolli (cello), in recordings of the Purcell Fantasia in 5 parts (on one note) and the Vaughan Williams (1912) Phantasy Quintet for strings, for the National Gramophonic Society.
Like Hugo Rignold, for several years Jean Pougnet made his career in light orchestras and bands as well as through Wigmore Hall classical recitals. He made a virtue of this necessity, recognizing its validity and challenges for the professional musician. Jack Hylton's orchestra was first augmented by the Pougnet String Quartette (with Eric Siday in place of Hugo Rignold) in early 1926 at the Kit-Kat Club. In October 1928 Jean Pougnet and his Orchestra (a Jack Hylton unit) were performing at the Green Park Hotel Piccadilly. In the period 1928-1930 he was a frequent player with the New Mayfair Orchestra at the Savoy Hotel under Carroll Gibbons or Ray Noble. Jean Pougnet and his Band were playing at the Berkeley Hotel Piccadilly in January to April 1930. In 1929 he married Frances Lois, of London; there were no children.
Classical opportunities.
As opportunity arose during the 1930s, Pougnet left the band scene to concentrate on recitals, concerti, chamber music, broadcasts, recordings, and work in film studios. His classical reputation in this period is shown in a preserved 'live' recording of the Mozart "Sinfonia Concertante" with Bernard Shore (principal viola of the BBC Symphony Orchestra) in a Queen's Hall Promenade concert of 8 September 1936, under Sir Henry Wood. Pougnet's String Trio, with William Primrose (viola) and Anthony Pini (cello), was broadcasting before the War. (Anthony Pini had recorded with the Pro Arte Quartet during the 1930s and he and Henry Holst were associated with Louis Kentner and Solomon in piano trio recordings during the early 1940s.)
At the outbreak of War, Pougnet was chosen to lead the BBC Salon Orchestra, which did much useful work for public morale until it was dissolved a few years later. In 1942 he was elected Leader of the London Philharmonic Orchestra, a position he stayed with until the end of 1945. With Frederick Riddle replacing Primrose (permanently) at viola desk, his trio recorded the E. J. Moeran (1931) String Trio in G major in May 1941. During the War he continued to tour as a soloist in the provinces, sometimes sharing the platform with Leon Goossens or Anthony Pini. In 1943 (November 6) he performed the Mozart "Sinfonia Concertante" with Maurice Ward (viola) under Sir Adrian Boult for the Royal Philharmonic Society.
Post-war: concert and recordings.
His career uninterrupted, Pougnet took an important part in post-war music in Britain. Setting off on his solo career in December 1945, he made an impression with the Ernest Bloch violin concerto in a concert at Covent Garden, and gave the English premiere of a concerto by Richard Arnell. Other composers dedicated works to him. During the winter of 1946-1947 he perfected his interpretation of the Delius concerto with Sir Thomas Beecham, their performances at Croydon (October 27, 1946) and at the Delius Festival, Royal Albert Hall (8 November 1946), and at the People's Palace in April 1947, spanning the Abbey Road Studios recording sessions of 31 October and 1 November 1946. The wartime recording of this work by Albert Sammons (said to have "the dumbfounding splendour of a sunset"), although preferred by some, was deleted when Pougnet's account was published and this became the standard recording for many years. He performed the concerto at a Prom concert in August 1951 with the LSO.
Many of Pougnet's recordings were made in the late 1940s and early 1950s, during the shift from 78rpm to LP records, with the result that classic performances were often replaced by versions by other performers as the newer technology settled down, and have only recently become more widely available again. His recording of the Bach double concerto with Arthur Grumiaux (Philharmonia Orchestra under Walter Susskind) had a restricted life. The Pougnet, Riddle and Pini trio continued to broadcast, and recorded trios by Beethoven (several volumes), Haydn (op 53 nos 1, 2, and 3), Mozart Divertimento in E flat major K 563, and Dohnányi, Serenade op 10. Pini was meanwhile cellist of the fine Philharmonia Quartet with Henry Holst, Ernest Element and Herbert Downes. Pougnet and Riddle take the second fiddle and viola desks with Pini and Holst in the Philharmonia Quartet's recording of the Mozart 'Hunt' Quartet (No 17 in B flat major).
In the same period Pougnet made his famous recording of Ralph Vaughan Williams's "The Lark Ascending" (London Philharmonic Orchestra, Adrian Boult, 1952) and played the solo in the same company's recording of Jean Sibelius's "En Saga". His provincial work remained largely focused on southern England (he lived at various times in Ferring (West Sussex), and in Worthing), and until 1956 he led the Eastbourne Grand Hotel Palm Court Concerts. He remained in demand for performance and recordings of the most serious chamber music, associated with the Dolmetsch Ensemble, and recorded Leclair sonatas with Arnold Goldsbrough (harpsichord) and James Whitehead (gamba) for Volume VI of the "History of Music in Sound" project. His 1951 recording of the Dittersdorf concerto for violin, harpsichord and strings, was with Lionel Salter and the London Baroque Ensemble under Karl Haas.
He continued to work in ensemble with modern works, recording the Robert Still Quintet with Francisco Gabarro (cello), Geoffrey Gilbert, George Crozier and Lionel Solomon (flutes), the Darius Milhaud Little Symphony No 3, Op. 71 with Reginald Kell (clarinet), Paul Draper (bassoon), George Eskdale (trumpet) and Anthony Pini under Walter Goehr, and in April 1955 broadcasting the (1950) Flute Trio in A minor of Harold Truscott on the BBC. He also appears in a recording of the Ravel Septet, and he recorded suites by Bartók with the New Symphony Orchestra under Franco Autori.
Late troubles.
A promising development began when Pougnet formed a trio with Wilfrid Parry (piano) and Dennis Brain (horn), which toured Scotland twice. The group planned in 1957 to tour Australia, but these arrangements were terminated by the death of Dennis Brain in a car accident at the end of 1957. Late in life Pougnet suffered a succession of misfortunes. As early as 1946 he had been noted for his enthusiasm for D.I.Y. Sometime later while so engaged he injured his arm tendons and was compelled to stop playing. After a long period of retirement he trained his fingers to play again and began to perform, but very soon afterwards he was diagnosed with cancer, which slowly killed him.
In his later years he lived in Worthing and taught the violin in schools across West Sussex. He was a founder of the West Sussex County Youth Orchestra and was their conductor for many years. An atheist, his recording of the Delius Violin Concerto was played at his funeral.
Pougnet played an instrument by Januarius Gagliano.

</doc>
<doc id="20517623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517623" title="Coltriciella">
Coltriciella

Coltriciella is a genus of fungi in the family Hymenochaetaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="20517667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517667" title="Cyclomyces">
Cyclomyces

Cyclomyces is a genus of fungi in the family Hymenochaetaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="20517690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517690" title="Martin Aronstein">
Martin Aronstein

Martin Aronstein (November 2, 1936 – April 3, 2002) was an American lighting designer whose Broadway career spanned thirty-six years. 
Born in Pittsfield, Massachusetts, Aronstein attended Queens College in Flushing, New York. In 1957, following a performance sponsored by the New York Shakespeare Festival, he approached a backstage worker and asked if he could help break down the set. He apprenticed with the festival and worked there for five years before being named its principal lighting designer, a position he held until 1976. He also served as the resident lighting supervisor at Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts.
Aronstein made his Broadway debut as the lighting assistant for "Arturo Ui" in 1963. Additional Broadway credits include "The Milk Train Doesn't Stop Here Anymore", "Tiny Alice", "The Impossible Years", "Cactus Flower", "The Royal Hunt of the Sun", "How Now, Dow Jones", "George M!", "Promises, Promises", "Play It Again, Sam", "The Gingerbread Lady", "Ain't Supposed to Die a Natural Death", "The Incomparable Max", "And Miss Reardon Drinks a Little", "My Fat Friend", "The Ritz", "The Grand Tour", "Noises Off", "Benefactors", and "The Twilight of the Golds". 
Aronstein was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Lighting Design five times and the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Lighting Design once but failed to win either prize.
In 1977 Aronstein relocated to Southern California, where he designed for the Mark Taper Forum, the Ahmanson Theater, and the Pasadena Playhouse on a regular basis. He won the Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle Award for "A Month in the Country" in 1983 and "Passion" in 1984, and in 1996 he was awarded the Circle’s Angstrom Award for career achievement in theatrical lighting. He was also an adjunct professor at the theater school of the University of Southern California, and designed for the San Francisco Ballet, the St. Louis Municipal Opera, and the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. 
Aronstein died of heart failure at Valley Presbyterian Hospital in Van Nuys, California. He was survived by life partner Lawrence Metzler.

</doc>
<doc id="20517696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517696" title="Kennaway House">
Kennaway House

Kennaway House is an early-19th-century house, situated at Coburg Road, Sidmouth, East Devon, which was formerly known as Fort House and Church House. It is a Grade II* listed building.
Fort House was built about 1805 and soon came into the ownership of the Kennaway family of Escot House near Ottery St Mary. The Kennaways resettled at Escot after 1838. By the end of the 19th century the house was in use as a lodging house. R.A. Wood bought it in 1905 and on 6 July 1906 the house was transferred by deed to Church House Trust. Although not legally connected to the neighbouring Church of St. Giles & St. Nicholas, the building’s name was changed from Fort House to Church House and the Trustees were given the express duty of using the house:
 “for such purposes only as Church House may properly be used. For.. promoting…any work in support of or for the benefit or in connection with the Church of England including Home and Foreign Missions or for Sunday schools, Bible Classes, Church Lads Brigade, Lectures, Mothers’ Meetings, Sacred Concerts, Choir Practices, Parish Clubs or Societies.” 
The same deeds also specifically prohibited certain activities deemed unsuitable:
 “not dancing or such like and not antagonistic to or inconsistent with the continuance of well-being of the Church of England..”
The house gradually fell into disrepair and in 2001 efforts to raise funds for restoration were launched. National Lottery funding was obtained in 2007 and restoration work began in 2008. The house has been renamed Kennaway House and reopened in June 2009 as a community facility and exhibition space. It is licensed for civil weddings and partnerships.
It now houses the Kennaway Fine Art Guild and exhibits its artists work on a regular basis.

</doc>
<doc id="20517697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517697" title="Bermuda Hill">
Bermuda Hill

Bermuda Hill, also known as the Liver House, is a historic plantation house near Prairieville, Alabama. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 7, 1994 as a part of the Plantation Houses of the Alabama Canebrake and Their Associated Outbuildings Multiple Property Submission.
The vernacular Greek Revival structure that exists today is an example of the I-house form, with an earlier two-story log dogtrot house incorporated within its weather-boarded exterior. The Manning family first owned the property. The Mannings were early settlers and planters in Prairieville and owned large land tracts in the original French grants of the Vine and Olive Colony. In 1845, William W. Manning sold the land to William Weeden of Madison County. It is unclear whether Manning or Weeden built the house. It had been acquired by Dr. James Daniel Browder, owner of nearby Hawthorne by the time of the Confederate-era Assessment of Taxes on Real Estate in Marengo County for 1863. Bermuda Hill has had some alterations over time, one of which was the removal of the second floor balcony under the portico. It was placed on Alabama's Places in Peril in 2011, but new owners purchased the home and completed a full restoration in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20517700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517700" title="Erythromyces">
Erythromyces

Erythromyces is a genus of fungi in the family Hymenochaetaceae. It currently contains only the type species, "Erythromyces crocicreas".

</doc>
<doc id="20517701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517701" title="Fábio Daniel Moreira Barros">
Fábio Daniel Moreira Barros

Fábio Daniel Moreira Barros (born 1 April 1987 in Gens, Gondomar, Porto), aka Fabeta, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D. Fátima as a central defender.

</doc>
<doc id="20517709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517709" title="Border Patrol Police">
Border Patrol Police

Border Patrol Police ( is a Thai paramilitary force responsible for border security and Counter-insurgency.
History.
The Thai Border Patrol Police was organized in the 1951 with assistance from the United States Central Intelligence Agency. Although technically part of the Royal Thai Police, the BPP has always enjoyed a great deal of autonomy within the national headquarters as well as in its multifaceted field operations. The royal family was a principal patron of the organization. This traditional relationship benefited both the palace and its paramilitary protectors. Many BPP commanders were former army officers.
Organization.
Field organization.
Hundreds of Thirty-two-man platoons form the basic operating units of the BPP, each platoon was supported by one or more heavy weapons platoons stationed at the regional and area RTP headquarters. PARU can airlift BPP platoons to troubled areas when an emergency arises. Armed with modern light infantry equipment, the BPP also benefited from training by United States Army Special Forces advisers who helped establish an instruction program during the 1960s.
The BPP served as an important adjunct to the Thai military and often operated under army (and sometimes the Royal Thai Marine Corps) control during counterinsurgency operations.
BPP units stationed along the Cambodian and Laotian borders following the Vietnamese invasion of Cambodia in 1979 often served as the first line of defense and bore the brunt of Vietnamese attacks.
In order to carry out its primary intelligence mission, the BPP operates numerous civic action programs to cultivate and maintain rapport with remote area villagers and hill tribes. They have built and operate numerous schools in remote areas and helping the army to construct offices for civilian administration, they also operate rural medical aid stations, gave farmers agricultural assistance, and built small airstrips for communication and transportation purposes.
Border Patrol Police Aerial Reinforcement Unit.
The Border Patrol Police Aerial Reinforcement Unit (BPP PARU or just PARU) is the BPP's special forces unit responsible for training and supporting airborne operations, airborne reinforcement, disaster and accident rescue, and supporting special missions under the command of the Border Patrol Police. All members of PARU are trained for airborne operations including free-fall jumps. PARU provides support to the BPP Headquarters within 2 hours.
PARU also conducts training for the following:
Subordinate paramilitary forces.
Volunteer Defense Corps.
The BPP organized the paramilitary Volunteer Defense Corps or VDC (the "Or Sor") in 1954 to provide law and order and emergency or natural disaster response. This was done in response to complaints of banditry and harassment by subversive organizations. The VDC had the main responsibility for protecting local inhabitants from threats and intimidation by guerrillas who had infiltrated the border provinces from neighboring Laos, Cambodia, and Malaysia. Its mission is to deny the insurgents access to the food and other supplies that made villages and farms favorite targets. VDC members were trained by the BPP. In 1974 it was expanded by the Internal Security Operations Command (ISOC) to urban areas to fight left-wing political activism. In the late 1980s, VDC strength was estimated at roughly 33,000, down from a peak of about 52,000 in 1980. Part of the reduction was absorbed by the formation of the "Thahan Phran", a paramilitary unit formed to counter communist insurgents. They were reinvigorated and have played a role in the fighting the South Thailand insurgency since 2004.
Village Scouts.
The BPP, together with the Ministry of Interior, backed and sponsored the 1971 establishment of the "Village Scouts", a right-wing rural vigilante group and paramilitary militia. The village scouts were to counter the communist insurgency and the pro-democracy movement of the 1970s. Soon after the establishment, five million Thais (10% of the population) went through the organisation's initiation rite and took its five-day training course. The Village Scouts conducted the anti-leftist rally that led to the Thammasat University massacre and bloody coup d'état on 6 October 1976. The Village Scouts disappeared around 1981, but were revived around 2004 against the backdrop of the Muslim separatist conflict in South Thailand. In the 21st century Internet censorship, the village-scout concept was extended to or cyber scouts.
Thahan Phran.
The 10,600 member "Thahan Phran" ("Rangers") was formed as a volunteer militia force deployed in active trouble spots along the Cambodian and Burmese borders. The organization followed a military structure and had 32 regiments and 196 companies. The Thahan Phran gained considerable publicity and incurred significant casualties during Vietnamese bombardments and local assaults along the Cambodian border. Since 2004, they have deployed to counter the South Thailand insurgency.

</doc>
<doc id="20517729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517729" title="Fomitiporia">
Fomitiporia

Fomitiporia is a genus of fungi in the family Hymenochaetaceae. According to a 2008 estimate, the widely distributed genus contains 11 species, though three new species were identified in 2010 in sub-Saharan Africa using multigene molecular phylogenetic analysis, and two more were named in a 2013 article. In 2011 it was announced that a specimen of the species "F. ellipsoidea" was discovered with a fruit body that is largest known of any fungus. However, the species has since been moved to "Phellinus".

</doc>
<doc id="20517736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517736" title="Dabney S. Lancaster Community College">
Dabney S. Lancaster Community College

Dabney S. Lancaster Community College (DSLCC) is one of 23 public community colleges in the Virginia Community College System. It is named after Dr. Dabney S. Lancaster, a prominent Virginia educator who held a number of positions in education, having an impact on students at all levels—K-12 through college. He retired in Bath County, one of the areas served by DSLCC.
Offerings.
DSLCC offers a wide variety of credit programs, including those for transfer and selected occupational, technical and allied health fields. Non credit classes, summer camps for youth and special topics seminars are offered throughout the year. The division of Continuing Education and Workforce Services customizes education and training for the unique needs of current and prospective employers.
Location/Contact information.
The main campus is located in Clifton Forge, Virginia, off exit 24 of interstate 64. DSLCC also operates the Rockbridge Regional Center on Vista Links Drive in Buena Vista, a short drive off exit 188-A of interstate 81. Main phone number is 540/863-2800 or toll free 877-73DSLCC.

</doc>
<doc id="20517737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517737" title="Joseph T. Taylor">
Joseph T. Taylor

Joseph Thomas Taylor ( - ) was named dean of Indiana University at the downtown Indianapolis Campus on . In 1972, he became the first dean of the newly created School of Liberal Arts at Indiana University – Purdue University Indianapolis (IUPUI).
Biographical Information.
Joseph Thomas Taylor was born on in Rolling Fork, Mississippi to Joseph and Willie Ann Taylor. He spent his youth in Memphis, Tennessee and East St. Louis, Illinois. Segregation was in effect in that region and he went to an all-black school until he attended college at Wiley College in Marshall, Texas. After transferring to the University of Illinois at Urbana, Taylor graduated with his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1936 and a Master of Arts degree in 1937. Between the years of 1939 and 1941, he was an instructor at Florida A&M University in Tallahassee. His career continued with his appointment as Area Director for the National Youth Administration from 1941 to 1942.
Taylor was not only a scholar, but also a soldier who fought for his country in World War II. His battalion was committed to combat in the European Theater of Operations and he fought at the Battle of the Bulge.
During his deployment he documented many of his observations about the horrors of war and detailed his experiences with institutionalized bigotry, racism, and segregation. Soon after he was discharged from the military he married Hertha Mae Ward on February 16, 1944. Their union provided them 3 children: Meshach, Judith, and Hussain Taylor. 
From 1946 to 1950, Taylor worked as assistant to the president at Florida A & M College, a teacher, and an administrator at Indiana University. His career flourished and he received a professorship of Sociology and becoming the Director of the Arts and Sciences at Albany State University in Georgia from 1950 to 1951. After leaving this position he became the chairman for the division of Social Sciences Department as a professor of Sociology at Dillard University until 1955. Throughout his career and appointments to various committees, Mr. Taylor was studying to receive his PhD from Indiana University and did so in 1952. After receipt of his PhD, he became the acting dean and professor of Sociology at Dillard.
On , Dr. Joseph T Taylor died. His services were held at the Broadway United Methodist Church of which he was a longtime member.
Joseph Taylor was appointed as a director or served on many boards during his fruitful life. When asked how he managed to serve so many groups in Indianapolis. He said, "I don't know how I manage all that, but I know that if the freedom to assemble is ever taken away, I won't know what to do with myself." 
Awards.
He received the following awards for his dedication and accomplishments:
Contribution to the Flanner House.
The Flanner House, a settlement house, founded in Indianapolis, Indiana in 1889 has served the community for more than 110 years. The Flanner House, formerly known as the Flanner Guild, obtained its new name in 1912 after a local mortician, Frank Flanner, who donated the first building. Joseph Taylor, in 1957, served as a social worker to the Flanner House at the request of the Executive Director, Dr. Cleo Blackburn. Taylor brought with him a wealth of knowledge and expertise. Their primary goal was to help minority people transitioning from post slavery, out of the South to the North. Many African-Americans transiting from the South, some with their families, started this journey challenged by their dreams found the Flanner House to be a stepping-stone on their quest.
The Flanner House, through its many programs, helped alleviate the stress of African Americans, the rural and migrant workers population moving to the urban North from Kentucky, Tennessee, and other southern states. Myron Richardson, the current Flanner House Executive Director says, "The institution developed self-help programs to respond to health, social, educational, and the economical needs of its clients. The overall objective was for its clients, to reach self-sufficiency. During the transition from the South to the North, the Flanner House worked with those who were past sharecroppers, unemployed, and displaced families living in deplorable housing conditions." 
In the early 1950s the Flanner House received national acclaim for its "Sweat Equity" Housing Program. The Flanner House built more than 175 homes valued in excess of 2 million dollars. The owners in exchange for their down payment helped with the construction of their own homes and their neighbors. The sweat equity concepts of the Flanner House educated and created marketable skills by teaching its recipients canning, industrial laundry skills, domestic worker skills, and by providing the first of its kind, pre-school facility. While parents worked, the children who attended the nursery schools learned academic skills and received exposure to the arts. For example, young girls learned ballet. "Dr. Cleo Blackburn enlisted Dr. Joseph Taylor, a sociologist, to help him strengthen and develop programs making them relevant in their day," said Mr. Richardson. "Dr. Taylor because of his sociological background would have helped to revamp some of the programming into a sociological direction," continued Mr. Richardson.
Indianapolis was cold with segregation and there were few organizations set up to help African Americans in the 1950s. Segregation had many doors shut; however, Dr. Taylor's association with the Flanner House helped in confronting desegregation issues especially as it related to education and housing. His work with the Flanner House programs was a lifeline to many. "I was here in 1959, segregation problems of one kind or another plagued black people, but housing was poor…difficult" said Dr. Alan Bynum, a retired Dean of the University Division at Indiana University Purdue University at Indiana. "Those wanting to become homeowners faced hurdles, banks and lenders had a map of the city where mortgages were not to be sold to people of color," he continued. Dr Taylor asked Bynum to help with the commendable work of the Flanner House.
Among Dr. Taylor's many achievements, his major contributions to the Flanner House were as Fund Raiser and Program Developer. "He worked developing programs, weaving himself into the fibers of the community, making friendships, influencing people, agencies, and clients. Taylor was a brilliant sociologist." Dr. Bynum paused and continued, "I liked him a lot. He and I were friends. I would not be in this area, if it were not for him. Following the master, I looked at him as a mentor. I model a lot of what I did after him." 
Today, Dr. Joseph Taylor's contributions are still at work. The Flanner House now has a state of the art learning center program, certified by the National Association for the Education of Young Children, with CDA teachers. It is fully licensed and State of Indiana approved. In 2002, the Flanner House Elementary School was one of the first four successful K-6th schools with its focus on academic excellence, character building, and values, including above average ISTEP scores. The 3rd and 6th grade students at FHES were the highest scoring in the state of Indiana for charter schools. SRA, a division of McGraw Hill, selected Flanner House Elementary School to pilot a math curriculum that will be modeled throughout the United States. The school motto is "We teach the 'whole child.' Our desire is that our children become 'masters of the universe.'" The Flanner House, now a United Way agency, houses the Center for Working Families, Children's Bureau, Marion County Public Library Branch, Indianapolis Metro Police Department, IPS Adult Basic Education and GED training program. These agencies mirror Dr. Taylor's work at Flanner House and his community involvement. His ability to communicate and network with many constituencies and interest groups helped him to build long lasting ties with the community.
IUPUI Involvement.
Taylor was named dean of Indiana University at the downtown Indianapolis Campus on February 24, 1967 and served as acting dean since June of that same year. When the president of Indianapolis University Board of Trustees, Elvis Stahr, named Taylor dean, he stated, "The appointment of Dr. Taylor by the Trustees on our recommendation is a pleasure to announce. It caps a search both within the institution and outside for the best qualified man for this important administrative position in the University."
The Trustees searched for a man that would carry on the campus's two main principles. Stahr included these principles in Taylor's assignment as the new dean. "…to strive to provide higher educational opportunity for students of Marion and surrounding counties who might not otherwise have the resources to pursue study in any college or university and, secondly, to continue both the spirit and the fact of cooperation with the private colleges and universities of the region, as well as with our sister state institutions." 
In 1967 Taylor also became founding dean of the IU School of Liberal Arts. The Joseph T. Taylor heritage society noted, "His devotion to the creation of an educational environment to meet the needs of widely diverse populations in central Indiana helped shape what is now considered a model in urban higher education-IUPUI. His is truly an important legacy…Through this society we pay tribute to Joseph T. Taylor and recognize the many IU School of Liberal Arts benefactors who share his high ideals and embrace his pursuit of excellence in the study and understanding of our human condition." The Joseph T. Taylor Heritage society is an active organization today.
While Taylor served as dean of IUPUI, 1967-1969, and dean of the Liberal Arts department, 1967-1978; he also served as a professor of sociology for IUPUI from 1967 to 1983. In 1983 Taylor became a professor emeritus of sociology.
Professor Gwendolyn Crenshaw, a long time professor of Black Studies at IUPUI, reflected on the legacy of Dr. Taylor, "If you ever had a question you could ask Joe Taylor because you knew he had the knowledge and his hands in everything and because of his experience." 
The Indiana historical society noted: 
"Taylor was civically engaged and his leadership was regularly sought. He was a recipient of several service awards and four honorary degrees. IUPUI has honored Taylor by attaching his name to an annual symposium and a scholarship. In May 2008, an original IUPUI building housing University College and Multicultural Center was renamed Joseph T. Taylor Hall." 
Chancellor Charles Bantz was quoted, "It is fitting that his name be attached to one of our original buildings" since Taylor "was instrumental in implementing the merger that led to the establishment of IUPUI. Dr. Taylor was a pioneer at every stage of his academic career. He infused that 'can-do' spirit and ability to break new ground into very core of what has made IUPUI successful today." 
The annual IUPUI symposiums, in Taylor's honor, feature topics such as: The Crisis in Urban Health Care, Environmental Justice, Resurrecting Our Neighborhoods, and Diversity Awards.
Annette Reynolds, of the Johnson County Daily Journal, interviewed Taylor in 1992. In her article, Professor's tale of two universities, Sociologist helped create IUPUI campus, she stated: 
"At 79 Taylor is sharp and optimistic…Bringing two universities together in crowded Indianapolis would have been a task for any person, let alone a black man in positions of authority over a mostly white student body in the late '60s. But Taylor claims he has never been hassled with racial problems. "I have always had wonderful cooperation from the faculty and students." 

</doc>
<doc id="20517777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517777" title="United States Senate election in Florida, 2010">
United States Senate election in Florida, 2010

The 2010 United States Senate election in Florida took place on November 2, 2010 along with other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as all elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Republican Marco Rubio, former Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives, defeated independent Charlie Crist and Democrat Kendrick Meek in a three-way race.
One term Senator Mel Martinez was elected in a very close race against Democrat Betty Castor in 2004 with 49% of the vote. Martinez announced on December 2, 2008 that he would not seek re-election to the Senate, and would resign prior to the end of his term. In August 2009, Governor Charlie Crist announced that he would appoint his former Chief of Staff, George LeMieux, a Republican, to the Senate seat being vacated by Martinez.
Governor Crist publicly announced he was running for the seat in mid-2009. At the time he received many Republican endorsements, such as the National Republican Senatorial Committee, Martinez, and the 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain. His support of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 hurt his popularity among conservatives, and candidate Marco Rubio surged. In April 2010 Crist announced he would drop out of the Republican primary and run as an independent. The National Republican Senatorial Committee withdrew its endorsement of Crist and demanded a refund of its campaign funds that it provided for the Crist campaign. Congressman Kendrick Meek was the first Democrat to declare his intention to run. Alexander Snitker was the first member of the Libertarian Party on the ballot for senator in Florida's history.
Democratic primary.
Background.
Many Democratic politicians were mentioned as potential candidates for the race. Representatives Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Robert Wexler, announced in 2008 that they would not run. Congressman Kendrick Meek was the first Democrat to declare his intention to run. Upon Chief Financial Officer Alex Sink's decision to run for governor, State Senator Dan Gelber formed an exploratory committee. However, Gelber ultimately decided not to run, so as to avoid a divisive primary. Congressman Meek has enlisted the aid of former President Bill Clinton, who hosted a fundraiser for him in Jacksonville. Term limited North Miami mayor Kevin Burns, also announced his candidacy for the Senate seat. On April 30, 2010, Palm Beach billionaire Jeff Greene announced he was running.
The primary took place on August 24, 2010.
Candidates.
These candidates formally qualified to appear on the Florida Democrat Primary ballot.
Republican primary.
Background.
Upon Senator Martinez's announcement that he would not run for reelection, early speculation surrounded former Governor Jeb Bush. It was thought that if Bush decided to run, other potential Republican candidates would allow Bush to run uncontested. After consideration, Bush decided not to run.
Former House Speaker Marco Rubio was the first Republican to enter the race back in May but the National Republican Senatorial Committee Chairman John Cornyn announced the NRSC's endorsement of Charlie Crist. Other Republicans mentioned as potential candidates include Florida House Majority Leader Adam Hasner, Representatives Connie Mack IV, and Dr. Belinda Noah, a prominent lawyer and adjunct law professor. Bob Smith, a former United States Senator from New Hampshire, announced he was running for the seat. Joe Scarborough, a former Congressman and current MSNBC TV host, told the "Sarasota Herald-Tribune" that he may run for office again, and was considering running for this seat, though an MSNBC spokesman refuted that Scarborough might run. On the air, while interviewing White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs, Scarborough dismissed the idea that he would run.
Mel Martinez retired before the end of his term, leaving Crist in the position to appoint a replacement, George LeMieux, a Republican regarded as a placeholder for Crist. Democrat, Kendrick Meek expressed disappointment, asserting that Crist should have appointed someone qualified rather than the top names "in his cell phone." The Democratic Party of Florida issued an email the same day titled, "George LeMieux (R-Cronyism)", echoing the disapproval of Crist's choice, who was the Deputy Attorney General under Crist, and his Chief of Staff.
After being behind in the polls, Rubio began to cut into Crist's lead, mostly as a reaction to Crist's support of the stimulus bill, which Rubio opposed. Crist subsequently fell behind Rubio by over 20 points. On April 16, Crist's campaign manager, Connie Mack, resigned. Ostensibly as a reaction to Crist's veto of a controversial education bill that tied teacher's pay to their students' test scores, Crist's increasingly poor showing in the polls was widely speculated to have been a factor in Mack's decision. Speculation began that Crist would drop out of the Republican primary and run as an independent before April 30, the Florida filing deadline. Polling showed that although Crist was trailing Rubio considerably in the Republican primary, were he to run as an independent, the three-way race would become more competitive; Rubio was currently leading Meek and Crist in aggregate three-way polling as of June 2010.
On 28 April, Crist campaign officials confirmed that Crist would be running as an independent and planned to drop out of the Republican primary.
The primary was held on August 24, 2010. Running virtually unopposed, Rubio won with almost 85% of the vote.
Candidates.
These candidates formally qualified to appear on the Florida Republican Primary ballot.
Endorsements.
"All made while Crist was running as a Republican"
"All made while Crist was running as a Independent"
General election.
Candidates.
Major.
"These candidates have gotten at least 5% in pre-election polling"
Minor.
qualified with the 112,446 signatures to appear on ballot.
Write-Ins.
These candidates have qualified for the General Election as Write In Candidates.
Campaign.
Charlie Crist has argued "If you want somebody on the far right, you get Marco Rubio. If you want someone on the far left, you have Kendrick Meek. If you want someone who will fight for you and apply common sense, you have me."
It was reported that former President Bill Clinton attempted to convince Meek to drop out of the race in October while they campaigned together, as Meek and Crist appeared to be splitting the Democratic vote, allowing Rubio to win. Meek has denied the report.
In the final week of the campaign, a close advisor to Crist confirmed that Crist would caucus with the Democrats if elected to the Senate.
Debates.
Friday, September 17
WLTV-Univision 23 Debate
Miami, FL
Tuesday, September 28
WTVT-FOX 13 Tampa Bay Debate
Tampa, FL
Wednesday, October 6
ABC News, WFTV-ABC 9 Orlando & WFTS-ABC 28 Tampa
Moderated by George Stephanopoulos and two local media panelists
Orlando, FL
Wednesday, October 20
Leadership Florida Debate
Ft. Lauderdale, FL
Sunday, October 24
CNN/St. Petersburg Times Debate
Moderated by Candy Crowley
Tampa, FL
Tuesday, October 26
NBC News & WESH-NBC 2 Orlando Debate
Moderated by David Gregory
Orlando, FL

</doc>
<doc id="20517780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517780" title="Hydnochaete">
Hydnochaete

Hydnochaete is a genus of hydnoid fungi in the family Hymenochaetaceae, order Hymenochaetales. All species are wood-rotting and produce brown to gray effused fruiting bodies. The genus is very close to Hymenochaete and can be considered its hydnoid counterpart.

</doc>
<doc id="20517802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517802" title="Hymenochaete">
Hymenochaete

Hymenochaete is a genus of fungi in the Hymenochaetaceae family. The genus has a widespread distribution, especially in tropical regions.
The name probably means "long-haired membrane" from the Greek "hymen" meaning "membrane" and "chaite" meaning "long hair".
On the basis of sequence data, in 2002 the genus "Pseudochaete" was constructed for "Hymenochaete tabacina", as it was found to be more closely related to the poroid Hymenochaetales "Onnia" and "Porodaedalea". "Pseudochaete" is however considered illegitimate since it is preoccupied by an algal genus.

</doc>
<doc id="20517817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517817" title="Morgins">
Morgins

Morgins is a village in the municipality of Troistorrents in the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in southern Switzerland.
It is noted for skiing and is part of the Portes du Soleil ski resort. It is located at 1333 m in the Val de Morgins, a side valley of the Val d'Illiez in the Chablais Alps at the foot of the Dents du Midi.
The road up the Val de Morgins leads to the Pas de Morgins, the pass into France.

</doc>
<doc id="20517825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517825" title="Yasser Khalil">
Yasser Khalil

Yasser Khalil (born September 28, 1972) is an Egyptian journalist.
Biography.
Since 1996 Yasser Khalil has covered political and cultural affairs in Egypt. He is the founder of the Kbret Network, the first bloggers' network in the Middle East.cit. req.
Khalil participated in the 2008 Forum 2000 conference in Prague as a delegate and panelist.cit. req.
He received The Encouragement Award from Kuwait for 'Outstanding Work and Research'.cit. req.
His work has appeared in the Christian Science Monitor (USA), Turkish Daily News (Turkey), Daily Star (Lebanon and Egypt), Arab News (Saidi Arabia), Alraya (Qatar), Anahar (Lebanon), Al-Ahrar (Egypt), Almadina (Saudi Arabia), Akhbar Al-Arab (UAE), Alewa Al-Islamy (Egypt), Almsar magazine (Sultan Qaboos University/ Oman), Alwasat (Bahrain), ABC News (USA), Alarabiya TV (Saudi Arabia), Yahoo News (USA), Common Ground news service (US), Gulf Research Center (UAE), and Middle East Online (UK).

</doc>
<doc id="20517835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517835" title="Roland Melanson">
Roland Melanson

Roland Joseph "Rollie the Goalie" Melanson (born June 28, 1960 in Moncton, New Brunswick) is a former goaltender in the National Hockey League and the goaltender coach for the Vancouver Canucks. He previously served as goaltender coach for the Montreal Canadiens
While playing for the Indianapolis Checkers in 1981, Melanson won the Ken McKenzie Trophy as rookie of the year of the Central Hockey League. Along with Billy Smith, Melanson won the William M. Jennings Trophy in the 1982–83 season. He also won three consecutives Stanley Cups in 1981, 1982 and 1983 respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20517836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517836" title="Bottle Cove">
Bottle Cove

Bottle Cove is located on the west coast of Newfoundland. It opens directly onto the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, although is typically included in the regional descriptor, “Bay of Islands,” which lies at the mouth of the Humber Arm. Bottle Cove is also referred to as Bottle Cove Provincial Park and as Bottle Cove Day Park (no amenities) in official Parks documentation.
Bottle Cove lies in the Newfoundland Time Zone (UTC-3.5) and observes daylight saving time. Newfoundland is considered to have a humid continental climate. Winter day temperatures in the area of Bottle Cove tend to average 0 degrees C (32 degrees Fahrenheit). Summer has an average day temperature of around 16°C (61°Fahrenheit).
Bottle Cove is a popular spot with locals and tourists alike, and it is renowned for its rugged, pristine beauty.
History.
There is little specific written documentation available regarding the history of Bottle Cove. Small evidence of possible use by members of the Little Passage culture (dating to approximately 1200-1500 AD) has been found in the cove (e.g., an arrow flint point, found by Averil Childs in 1971).
Bottle Cove is believed to have been used as a French fishing station from the early 16th century. A fishing station was always seasonal, with fishermen setting up a temporary base and then returning to their home country at the end of the fishing season. Given the proximity of Bottle Cove—especially by sea—to Port-aux-Basques which was a fishing station for Basque fishermen during the 15th century, it is highly likely that the cove was frequented by Basque fisherman before French fisherfolk laying claim to it. The name of the cove is an Anglicisation of “bateau” which is French for “boat”. “Bottle” fits the cove well, though, due to its almost perfect circular shape and narrowly separated headlands opening to the Gulf. 
Census records for 1891 show 38 people living in Bottle Cove. The 1921 Census lists seven families (42 people in all) living in Bottle Cove. The cove was used as a port for local fishermen during the 20th century, until Little Port, two kilometres away, was developed as a modern port and safe harbour for boats in the 1970s. Today, a few fishing sheds remain along the shore of Bottle Cove. Currently, there are six homes to be found dotted about the Cove itself. 
Bottle Cove, and nearby Lark Harbour and York Harbour were outport settlements until 1961, when a road to Corner Brook was completed and the communities no longer needed to travel by boat to buy supplies and obtain key services. Residential telephones only became available to the community in the early 1970s. Today there is still no mobile phone access and internet and television access is by satellite dish. Free community internet provision is available at the Lark Harbour Library via the Community Access Programme (CAP).
Points of interest.
Captain James Cook charted the area in 1776. A cairn on the northern headland of Bottle Cove marks what Cook referred to as “Trail’s End” — the farthest point of this particular branch of the Humber Arm mapped by Cook. Locals tell how the detailed maps of this area created by Cook are still in maritime use. 
Bottle Cove is renowned for its geological richness. The cliffs surrounding the cove are part of the Appalachian Mountains. Much of the rock formations visible in the Cove are “part of a slice of rocks, tens of kilometres across, known as the Humber Arm Allochthon”. This layer of rock was pushed up and over sedimentary rocks during tectonic plate movement. “As the allochthon was moving, shales underneath it were broken up and mixed with sedimentary, volcanic and ocean crust rocks (ophiolite) from the slice itself, to form material known as mélange”. In addition, rounded, bulbous masses—dark green and red basalt pillow lavas—thought to have been extruded under water can be seen at low tide. The sea has carved these sedimentary, mélange and lava rocks into curious and intriguing shapes. At low tide it is possible to walk to a sea-carved "cave" on the south side of the cove.
Bottle Cove is host to a raised wave-cut platform: “As the glaciers shrank inland from Gulf of St. Lawrence, they paused at the mouths of many fjords about 13000 years ago and sea level stabilized 35 m above its present level. Wave action, combined with intense frost action during the severe climate, cut this prominent intertidal platform into the solid rock. Eventual disappearance of the glaciers allowed the land to rebound and the old shoreline was left high and dry.” This platform forms part of one headland of the cove.
Walking trails.
During recent years the Outer Bay of Islands Enhancement Committee has overseen the construction of numerous walking trails and facilities. The trails are well-defined and include long stretches of wooden boardwalk as well as trails cut through bushland of varying degrees of length and difficulty. They range from short (15 minute) strolls on fairly level ground to half day hikes. Difficulty levels vary from easy to extreme. 
Popular hikes in the vicinity of Bottle Cove include Little Port Head (extreme in places), South Head Lighthouse (moderate), Cedar Cove (easy to moderate), and Trail End (marking the end point of Captain Cook's mapping of the Bay of Islands).

</doc>
<doc id="20517852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517852" title="Tu Tamarua">
Tu Tamarua

Tu Tamarua (born 22 June 1974) is a former Cook Islands rugby union flanker.
Career.
Tamarua played for Queensland Reds, in Australia, from 1997 to 1999. He later played for NEC Harlequins, in England, for 2001/02 but missed a portion of the season due to injury. He then played for Swansea, in Wales, for 2002/03, moving to Northland, in New Zealand, in 2003. He moved again to Henley Hawks, in 2004, then to Rotherham, in January 2005. In June 2005, he was assigned for Pertemps Bees. His last season was at Pontypridd, in 2006/07. 
Tamarua played for Australia Sevens, in 2000, but played instead for the Cook Islands national rugby union team. He was the first and still the only Cook Islands player to have been selected and played for the Pacific Islanders, in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20517853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517853" title="Inonotus">
Inonotus

Inonotus is a genus of fungi in the family Hymenochaetaceae. The genus, described by Petter Karsten in 1879, is estimated to contain about 80 species "sensu lato" and 30 species "sensu stricto" (in the strict sense).
The name comes from "ino" meaning "fibrous" and "ot" meaning "ear".

</doc>
<doc id="20517855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517855" title="William Vincent Wheeler">
William Vincent Wheeler

William Vincent Wheeler born in West Elkton, Ohio in 1845 was a soldier in the 9th Indiana Cavalry during the American Civil War.
The Wheeler family moved to Indiana in 1853 where he was raised alongside his cousins with his uncle, Enos Pray, a well-known Quaker preacher. At the age of 18, he enlisted in the 9th Indiana Cavalry to fight in the Civil War. During his three years of service he took part in the battles of Spring Hill, Nashville, and Franklin, and traveled as far as south as Mississippi In May, 1865, Wheeler was discharged from the Army and later moved back to Indianapolis in 1866 where he became a wagon delivery driver for the Layman-Carey Hardware Company.

</doc>
<doc id="20517864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517864" title="Hrag Yedalian">
Hrag Yedalian

Hrag Yedalian is an Armenian-American documentary film director and producer. He is a graduate of the University of California, Berkeley and has attended UCLA School of Law and the AFI Conservatory.

</doc>
<doc id="20517867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517867" title="Elwin Romnes">
Elwin Romnes

Elwin Nelson "Doc" Romnes (January 1, 1907 in White Bear Lake, Minnesota – July 21, 1984 in Colorado Springs, Colorado) was a professional hockey player in the NHL. Following his career, he was head coach of the Michigan Tech Huskies from 1941 until 1943, and the Minnesota Golden Gophers from 1947 until 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="20517879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517879" title="Adrian Lee Kellard">
Adrian Lee Kellard

Adrian Lee Kellard (January 28, 1959 in New Rochelle, New York - November 14, 1991 New York City) was an American artist known for his woodcuts and sculptures of religious and often homoerotic imagery.
Education and Work.
Kellard studied at the State University of New York at Purchase from 1977 to 1980 under the guidance of Uruguayan artists Antonio Frasconi and Judith Bernstein. After leaving SUNY Purchase and relocating to New York City, he apprenticed under Thomas Lanigan-Schmidt through the SUNY Empire State Program. Kellard was represented first by Schreiber/Cutler Gallery in SoHo, which became the Susan Schreiber Gallery in 1989, and exhibited in six solo shows more than 25 group exhibitions from 1980 until his death in 1991.
Best known for his woodcuts, his earliest works were prints, but Kellard swiftly chose to make the carved and painted wood blocks finished artwork rather than the prints they could create. Kellard was influenced by an eclectic group of artists including Marsden Hartley, Picasso and Van Gogh. His work often combined religious imagery, "low" art and homosexual iconography. 
Kellard often integrated religion into daily life by creating functional art, such as desks, calendars and screens. 
Subsequent to Kellard's diagnosis of AIDS in 1987, his work became less overtly religious and angry, and instead he began to use subdued colors and the tone became melancholy and compassionate as seen in The Promise (below right).
Death.
On November 14, 1991 Kellard died, aged 32, of complications due to AIDS. At the time, he was considered a long time survivor, having lived with the disease for five years. Since his death his work continues to be shown in such exhibitions as "All Faiths Beautiful" and "Race, Class, Gender ≠ Character" at the American Visionary Art Museum in Baltimore Maryland, "Precious" and "From Media to Metaphor" at the Grey Art Gallery and Study Center at New York University. Kellard is represented in the collections of the American Visionary Art Museum in Baltimore, Maryland, the Museum of Contemporary Religious Art (MOCRA) at Saint Louis University, St. Louis, Missouri, Prudential Insurance Company in Newark, New Jersey, the New Jersey State Museum in Trenton, New Jersey, the Grey Art Gallery and Study Center of New York University in New York City and the Neuberger Museum of Art in Purchase, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20517880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517880" title="Scandinavia's Next Top Model (cycle 2)">
Scandinavia's Next Top Model (cycle 2)

"Scandinavia's Next Top Model, Cycle 2" (Original Title: "Top Model: Paris") was the second Cycle of the Scandinavian reality television show, based on the original concept from America's Next Top Model. It was broadcast on TV3 in Denmark, Norway and Sweden by Viasat.
The concept followed the exact format as the first Cycle where each country started an internal competition with nine girls and a national top model eliminating one after other together with her own panel of judges until three girls were left in each country.
At that point the pre-selection was over and the last nine girls competed together and against each other. Although each of the participating countries did the same photo shoots and visited the same locations the girls were never supposed to meet each other before the merge.
As every country had a reserved spot in the shows final top 3, the competition remained between the national finalists until only one Danish, Swedish and Norwegian girl was left when a special jury, led by US-American fashion expert Cynthia Garrett, determined who the winner would be.
Just like in the first installment of the show it was a girl from Norway that triumphed over the two other finalists. This time it was then-17 year old Frøydis Elvenes from Narvik. The two runner-ups were Arwen Bergröm (Sweden) and Anna Nørgaard (Denmark), both 18 years old by that time.
As a different to the first Cycle the three countries did not air their shows simultaneously: While Denmark already started airing their first episode (including the first photoshoot and elimination) on September 6, the show premiered in Sweden on September 15 with a casting episode. Therefore, the Danish and Norwegian audiences knew about the outcome of the show much earlier than their Swedish neighbours.
The entire Cycle was filmed in France, where the contestants mostly attended photoshoots and casting in Paris but also had photo shoots on prominent places such as Saint-Tropez or Versailles.
Denmark's Pre-Selection.
"Denmark's Next Top Model, Cycle 2" was the second Danish pre-cycle of Scandinavia's Next Top Model shown on TV 3, where nine girls competed for one of three spots to represent their country on SNTM where they were joined by three other girls from each Norway and Sweden. The Show was again hosted by Anne P, who was also the main judge until the three countries merged when Cynthia Garrett took over.
Just like in Cycle 1, Denmark was the first country to air its first episode on September 5, 2005 and once again, a Danish girl was the first to leave the competition after the three countries merged (this time: Louise Falkenblad).
Sweden's Pre-Selection.
Throughout the competition, the competition got heated when several contestants were involved in arguments which resulted in a total social isolation of Mikaela Kallgren and Maria Lindgren from the rest of the group.
Norway's Pre-Selection.
Just like the last time, Norway was the country that produced the winner of the show: Frøydis Elvenes whoms transformation was seen as that from a "grey mouse to a swan" throughout the show.

</doc>
<doc id="20517886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517886" title="Cal Gardner">
Cal Gardner

Calvin Pearly "Ginger, Red, Torchy" Gardner (October 30, 1924 - October 10, 2001) was a professional ice hockey player in the NHL. In 1943, after playing professional hockey for three years and winning the Memorial Cup, he joined the Canadian military and took part in World War II. At the conclusion of the war, he once again began playing professional hockey. He died in 2001. His two sons Paul and Dave were also professional ice hockey players.

</doc>
<doc id="20517892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517892" title="Dave Gatherum">
Dave Gatherum

David Gatherum (born March 28, 1932 in Fort William, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey goaltender.
On October 11, 1953 Gatherum replaced injured Terry Sawchuk to record a shutout in his NHL debut for Detroit 4-0 win over Toronto. He then played on Oct 16, & 17 for Detroit. Terry return form injury and Gatherum returned to minors having 2 wins, and 1 tie. He also set an NHL that he still holds today the longest shutout sequence by a goaltender to start a career 100.21 min Oct 11-16, 1953. He was recalled for playoffs as a spare goaltender and got his name on the Stanley Cup with Detroit in 1954. Gatherum would have never play in NHL again. He spent the rest of his career playing in the minors or senior hockey until retiring after 1959 season. 

</doc>
<doc id="20517893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517893" title="MotorSport Vision">
MotorSport Vision

MotorSport Vision is one of the world's foremost motorsport organisations, and the leading operator of UK motor racing venues. MSV has a portfolio ranging from major two and four wheel championships to organising the PalmerSport corporate driving event.
History.
MotorSport Vision was founded by John Britten, Sir Peter Ogden and Jonathan Palmer, who won the Formula Two Championship in 1983 and competed in 88 Formula One Grands Prix over the next six years.
MSV is famous for buying Brands Hatch, Oulton Park, Snetterton and Cadwell Park in 2004 and working to modernise their facilities and customer care. Brands Hatch, the former venue for the British Grand Prix, has begun hosting international car racing again - events either joining or back on its calendar include the DTM German touring car championship, the FIA World Touring Car Championship and the A1GP World Cup of Motorsport.
In 2006, MSV formed MotorSport Vision Racing (MSVR), providing a complete car and bike racing organisation capability to the MotorSport Vision group. MSVR organises over 30 events annually across 10 UK circuits. MotorSport Vision's trackday division, Club MSV, has grown to become one of the UK's biggest trackday companies in the past four years and organises novice events up to advanced driver training days. Alongside PalmerSport, MSV also run driving experiences at Brands Hatch and Oulton Park.
MSV also ran the Formula Palmer Audi championship from 1998 to 2010 which advanced the careers of hundreds of young hopefuls, nine of whom have made it all the way to Formula One. In 2008 MSV also acquired the rights to the British Superbike Championship which has already seen the considerable benefits of MSV's commercial, administrative and organisational expertise.
In September 2008 MotorSport Vision won an FIA tender to supply cars and operate the FIA Formula Two Championship, a new international single seater series derived from an FIA initiative to provide young, talented drivers with the opportunity to compete in top-level racing on a competitive budget. The Formula Two cars, like Formula Palmer Audi, were assembled and prepared in a dedicated facility at Bedford Autodrome, also home to PalmerSport and FPA. This category was discontinued after 2010.
One of its founders, John Britten, died on 25 November 2009, after a long period of illness.
Circuits.
Brands Hatch.
In 1986, John Foulston bought Brands Hatch, Oulton Park and Snetterton circuits from Grovewood Securities and established the Brands Hatch Leisure (BHL) company. The following year, the company acquired Cadwell Park before Foulston died testing a McLaren IndyCar at Silverstone. Ownership of BHL passed to his wife Mary, but the company was run by John Webb until 1990, when daughter Nicola Foulston took over the running. In that time, Brands Hatch hosted higher-profile series such as Formula 3000 and Superbike World Championship racing. 1988 saw further changes to the circuit layout, with a chicane added at Dingle Dell Corner, while Westfield Bend and Graham Hill Bend were tightened. New pits and a corporate entertainment facility were added in the late-1990s.
In 1999, Foulston announced that Brands Hatch had acquired the rights to the British Grand Prix from 2002. Whilst discussions were ongoing with regards to planning permission to bring the circuit up to F1 requirements, Foulston sold BHL to Octagon Motorsports (a subsidiary of Interpublic) for £120 m. Octagon, however, failed to obtain the necessary planning permission and instead decided to lease Silverstone in order to host the Grand Prix. However, high-profile single-seater racing did return to Brands Hatch in 2003, when a round of the CART series was held at the circuit. Despite attracting around 40,000 spectators the race was not retained for subsequent seasons.
With financial pressures stemming from running the British Grand Prix, Octagon sold off the group of four circuits, including Brands Hatch, to the MotorSport Vision group headed by ex-F1 driver Jonathan Palmer in 2004.
Oulton Park.
After many years of decay, Oulton was given new life when it, along with Brands Hatch, Snetterton and Cadwell Park, was bought by MotorSport Vision. MSV, headed by ex-F1 racer Jonathan Palmer, have completely turned the circuits around, tidying them up and pulling the crowds in.
Oulton Park has always been acknowledged as one of the most picturesque circuits in the UK, and under MSV's guidance big meetings have thrived at the Cheshire track, including the British Touring Car Championship, two rounds of the British Superbike Championship and the Gold Cup classic car meeting dubbed 'the Goodwood of the north'.
In 2007 Oulton park was voted the best UK circuit by British Superbike fans,
whilst a BTCC meeting on Sunday 27 July 2008 saw a crowd of 35,000 attend - a record not only for the circuit but the highest crowd at any venue of the BTCC for a decade.
Snetterton.
Snetterton has undergone perhaps the most radical transformation of all the MotorSport Vision circuits since being taken over in 2004.
New spectator banking has been added to the track to improve circuit views, whilst the restaurant and toilet facilities have been updated or replaced. A new scrutineering bay has also been added.
Snetterton is well known for being one of the fastest tracks in the UK thanks to its combination of several long straights and relatively few corners. The lap record currently stands at 56.095 seconds, or an average speed of 125.27 mph.
Cadwell Park.
In 1953 the track was lengthened to 1.3 miles (2.1 km), upon the invitation of the 500 cc motorcycle-engined Formula 3 to race in a traditional bike meeting. Around 30,000 spectators attended that particular race.
The original track grew to the current 2.25 miles (3.62 km) layout in 1962 and hosted the British F3 series the next May. Some of the bends are named after family members e.g. Mansfield, Charlie and Chris.
Cadwell is now considered too narrow for high level car races, although club motorsport associations such as the BARC and 750MC still hold meetings. The layout is ideal for bikes however, with the British Superbike Championship round being the most popular event on the championship's calendar.
Several tests and feature clips for the motoring program Fifth Gear have been filmed here.
Bedford Autodrome.
The track, in Thurleigh near Bedford is owned by MotorSport Vision. No official motorsport events are held at the circuit but it is a popular public track day circuit, it is also the home of the Jaguar SlikCat which is used for corporate events and for ride alongs during the track days.
Series.
In 2012 MotorSport Vision will host several prestigious international events such as the DTM German touring cars and the revived FIA Formula Two Championship.
Alongside these, MotorSport Vision's circuits will host the British Superbike Championship, British Touring Car Championship, the British F3 and GT championships, and a range of historic events including the Oulton Park Gold Cup.
There will also be numerous bike and car club meetings throughout the year, including the Britcar 'Into The Night' race at Brands Hatch.
British Superbikes.
In 2008 MotorSport Vision took over the responsibility for the organisation and promotion of the British Superbike Championship from Dorna. The 2008 season was MSV's first in charge, and saw Shane Byrne take the title. The championship was screened live by British Eurosport, and highlights were shown later on Channel 4.
Formula Palmer Audi.
Formula Palmer Audi, commonly known as FPA, was founded in 1998 by Jonathan Palmer. The ethos of FPA is to keep costs at a minimum whilst at all times promoting incredibly competitive and professional racing. The series is most famous for producing ex-F1 driver and IndyCar race-winner Justin Wilson and helping the career of triple World Touring Car Champion Andy Priaulx.
In order to keep a level playing field as much as possible, all the Formula Palmer Audi cars are run by a specialist team of FPA mechanics, rather than having separate teams. This concept of a large group of deliberately equalised cars has since been adopted by A1GP.
FPA has recently announced a scholarship prize with the BRDC Stars of Tomorrow
KF2 karting championship, and with the newly revived FIA Formula Two Championship, positioning the series as a fantastic intermediary step between karts and top-level single seaters.
FIA Formula Two Championship.
The FIA Formula Two Championship is the revival of the Formula Two series that was highly successful from 1967 to 1985. It will see 24 drivers competing in identical MotorSport Vision-run cars with a 400 bhp Audi engine over 16 rounds.
The FIA's overall concern was that the cost of competing in motor racing at a level to progress directly to Formula One today is so high that it prevents many talented drivers from having the opportunity to participate.
In September 2008 the FIA tender to supply the cars and operate the FIA Formula Two Championship was awarded to MotorSport Vision. Compared to rival series, Formula Two will cost significantly less per season whilst allowing drivers to prove their skill and develop their racecraft in identical vehicles designed by a six man team from WilliamsF1, led by Director of Engineering Patrick Head. The series was marred by the tragic death of Henry Surtees, who died in a fatal accident during a race at Brands Hatch.
MotorSport Vision Formula Three Cup.
MSV F3 Cup is a national motor racing series that takes place primarily in the United Kingdom with a small number of events in mainland Europe. It is a junior-level feeder formula that uses small single seater Formula Three built after 1980 and before 2007. The championship comprises nine rounds, each with two races. Each race weekend will comprise one 25-minute qualifying session and two 20-minute races.
The 2011 season saw rounds held in England at Snetterton 300 (Two rounds), Donington Park, Brands Hatch Indy, Brands Hatch GP and Oulton Park International. There is one round held in Wales at Anglesey Circuit International and one round in Belgium at Spa Francorchamps. A test drive of a Formula 2 was awarded to the most meritorious driver of the year, which was Aaron Steele.
In 2012, MSV F3 Cup has been awarded championship status, so the F2 prize will be awarded to the driver of any class that has the most points. There is also a team championship for MSA Entrants fielding two or more cars.
BRDC Formula 4 Championship.
Originally operated by the 750 Motor Club, a deal was reached in September 2012 to pass the name onto MotorSport Vision (MSV) to create the new BRDC Formula 4 Championship.
The 2013 season begins at Silverstone Grand Prix circuit on 27/28 April and ends on 28/29 September at Donington Park, a total of eight events with three races at each, all held in the UK.
The championship features a mix of professional motor racing teams and privately funded drivers using identical 2.0-litre cars built by Ralph Firman’s RFR company.

</doc>
<doc id="20517895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517895" title="Monarch Underwear Company fire">
Monarch Underwear Company fire

The Monarch Underwear Company Fire occurred at 623 Broadway (Manhattan) on March 19, 1958. Twenty-four people were killed in a loft fire, between Houston Street (Manhattan) and Bleecker Street (Manhattan) and fifteen more were injured. Six of the injured were hurt when they leaped from the building and missed fire nets. The conflagration began in the third floor textile printing plant of an edifice in which the workrooms of several businesses were located. Ten corpses were found underneath work benches of the Monarch Underwear Company, on the fourth floor. The fire started at 4:30 p.m. and lasted one and
a half hours. It began in a processing oven of the S.T.S. Textile Company.
The building was located a few blocks from Washington Place, near Greene Street, the former locale of the 
Triangle Shirtwaist Company.
The Triangle factory fire of March 25, 1911 killed one hundred forty-five persons.
No fire code violations.
On March 20, 1958 New York City Mayor Robert F. Wagner Jr. asked for legislation to prevent fires like the one at 623 Broadway. Wagner and New York City Fire Commissioner Edward F. Cavanaugh both stated that the structure did not violate fire and building codes. Wagner called on the New York City Council to enact necessary ordinances quickly. Among those he suggested were the installation of automatic fire sprinkling systems, the building of fireproof partitioning walls in lengthy rooms, the construction of full ceilings in loft buildings,
and making it mandatory that each worker be given a fire drill.

</doc>
<doc id="20517899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517899" title="Onnia (fungus)">
Onnia (fungus)

Onnia is a genus of fungi in the family Hymenochaetaceae. The widely distributed genus contains five species.

</doc>
<doc id="20517912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517912" title="Duhamel, Quebec">
Duhamel, Quebec

Duhamel is a town and municipality in the Outaouais region of Quebec, Canada. It is the largest municipality in surface area in the Papineau Regional County Municipality.
Its western portion consists mostly of undeveloped Laurentian Hills, part of the Papineau-Labelle Wildlife Reserve. The town itself is located along the Petite-Nation River between Lake Simon and Lake Gagnon.
History.
In the mid 19th century, the area's forests were being exploited. Duhamel, which used to be called Preston, formed shortly after when its first settlers were assigned land, while logging continued to be the dominant factor for its colonization. By 1880, a post office existed bearing the name Duhamel, named in honor of Joseph-Thomas Duhamel (1841–1909), second bishop of Ottawa from 1874 to 1909. In 1888, the Mission of Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel opened. In 1892, the Township of Preston was formed (named after Frederick Stanley, 16th Earl of Derby, Baron of Preston, and governor general of Canada from 1888 to 1893).
Starting in 1925, the Singer Company, best known for its sewing machines, built a railway through Duhamel linking Thurso to Lake Montjoie (in Lac-Ernest unorganized territory). The railroad was used until 1980 when it was dismantled and converted to a tourism corridor.
On August 15, 1936, the Municipality of Duhamel was formed when it separated from the United Township Municipality of Hartwell-et-Preston.
On December 21, 1985, Duhamel annexed a portion of the unorganized territories of Lac-du-Sourd and Lac-des-Écorces, and again on October 10, 1998, it annexed the northern portion of Lac-des-Écorces.
Demographics.
Population trend:
Private dwellings (occupied by usual residents): 212 (total: 1071)
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20517921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517921" title="Doug Soetaert">
Doug Soetaert

Douglas Henry Soetaert (born April 21, 1955 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. He was selected by the New York Rangers in the 2nd round (30th overall) of the 1975 NHL Amateur Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20517933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517933" title="Magazine Island">
Magazine Island

Magazine Island (火藥洲; Fo Yeuk Chau), originally known as One Tree Island (一木島) is an island of Hong Kong, located off the southwest coast of Hong Kong Island, and off the northwestern tip of Ap Lei Chau. Administratively, it is part of Southern District.
Features.
The former Magazine Building on Magazine Island is now a Grade III Historic Building. It was built by the British Dynamite Company, which later became Nobel's Explosives Company, and was once the largest private explosives depot in Hong Kong. In 1908, the government did not renew the company's contract and the magazine was closed.
A lighthouse is located at the west end of the island.

</doc>
<doc id="20517937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517937" title="Andy Blair (ice hockey)">
Andy Blair (ice hockey)

Andrew Dryden Blair (February 27, 1908 – December 27, 1977) was a Canadian professional hockey player for the Toronto Maple Leafs and the Chicago Black Hawks of the NHL.
Blair was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba.

</doc>
<doc id="20517941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517941" title="Phellinus">
Phellinus

Phellinus is a genus of fungi in the family Hymenochaetaceae. Many species cause white rot. Fruiting bodies, which are found growing on wood, are resupinate, sessile, and perennial. The flesh is tough and woody or cork-like, and brown in color. Clamp connections are absent, and the skeletal hyphae are yellowish-brown.
The name "Phellinus" means "cork".
The species "Phellinus ellipsoideus" (previously "Fomitiporia ellipsoidea") produced the largest ever fungal fruit body.
"Phellinus" produces the natural phenol hispidin.

</doc>
<doc id="20517966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517966" title="George Owen (ice hockey)">
George Owen (ice hockey)

Harvard George Owen Jr. (February 12, 1901 – March 4, 1986) was a professional ice hockey defenceman for the Boston Bruins of the NHL. He was also elected into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1983. In 1928, Owen became the first player to wear a helmet in an NHL game. He wore the same leather helmet that he had worn when playing college football.

</doc>
<doc id="20517978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517978" title="Jorge Manuel Amador Galufo">
Jorge Manuel Amador Galufo

Jorge Manuel Amador Galufo, aka Jorginho (born 29 May 1978 in Sines), is a Portuguese footballer who plays for União Sport Clube as a left defender.
Football career.
After several seasons with local outfit Clube de Futebol Vasco da Gama, Jorginho moved in January 2005 to Serie B outfit Modena FC, teaming up with compatriot Manú, loaned by S.L. Benfica.
In 2005–06 he returned to Portugal, playing two seasons in the second division with Grupo Desportivo Estoril Praia. Afterwards he moved to Vitória Futebol Clube, making his top flight debut on 23 September 2007 and playing the entire match in a 2–2 away draw against Sporting Clube de Portugal; still, he featured sparingly during the season.
Jorginho joined Asteras Tripoli FC (a team which also featured three other Portuguese players) in August 2008 but, unsettled, returned home after only a few months, signing for F.C. Paços de Ferreira during the January transfer window. On 7 March he played his first match for his new club, also at Sporting (0–2 loss). 
Jorginho started the 2011–12 season with F.C. Arouca in level two, managing to appear and start regularly during the first half of the campaign. In January 2012, however, the 33-year old left and signed for União Sport Clube in the Setúbal second regional division.

</doc>
<doc id="20517982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517982" title="Hannibal Square Library">
Hannibal Square Library

Hannibal Square Library was established to serve the African-American community in Winter Park, Florida. 
The library's establishment began with efforts by Mrs. Edwin Grover, wife of Edwin Osgood Grover. In the 1930s, Mrs. Grover taught the African American community of Winter Park and was devoted to education. In 1936, she died, leaving her husband to tend to the future of west Winter Park's education. Inheriting his wife's passion, he established a memorial fund and donated a metal cabinet holding one hundred books. This collection to the colored elementary school of Winter Park created excitement in the community and established a foundation for the Hannibal Square Library.
The city of Winter Park supplied a suitable plot of land where the library's construction commenced. Hannibal Square, originally allocated for the community's African American population, took its initial steps toward pedagogy. As Loring Chase explained,
Consequential from the Emancipation Proclamation, a massive influx of free black population occurred throughout the South. Harsh realities of post-Civil War life continued to plague the African American community through discriminatory policies, racial hierarchies, and urban segregation. Education created a sense of relevance and opportunity for the less fortunate. The Westside of Winter Park, therefore, is the perfect example of how education evolved as a progressive and defensive mechanism.
Contributions from the Rollins College Interracial Club and the Hannibal Square Associates allowed for the library construction to commence. The Hannibal Square Library completed its construction in 1937, and on opening day the library contained a collection of 1400 books. In 1955, the associates added a special room for children's books that had been donated by local citizens. Expanding the purpose of communal education, the library hosted club meetings as well. For instance, the Boy Scouts and the Negro Woman's Club gathered together on a weekly basis. In 1968, the Winter Park Library incorporated the Hannibal Square Library under their name. Two associates, Leonard Ingram and James Crum, also integrated themselves into the new establishment. After the addition of five thousand books, a modern charging machine, a summer reading program, and a new recreational center, library activity increased. In 1971, a marvelous renovation and refurnishing of the old library took place.
The next decade, however, would prove unrewarding. During the libraries last years, Miss Dixon confessed, "When I first came here, in 1971 and 1972, there were over 300 books circulated. In the last two years, circulation has dropped". The documented reasons for the dissipation of the Hannibal Square Library remain the following: loss of local schools, lack of encouragement for children, broken air conditioner, no heating, missing records, no cassettes or projectors, and awkward hours. While students from the Head Start program remained regulars, environmental problems restricted optimism and opportunity. Exhausted, working parents could not find the time or energy to bring their children to the library. Simultaneously, the youth began to escape through a more interactive culture filled with jazz music and entertainment. Education competed in an ever-changing modern world that continued to expand. The Winter Park Community Center acquired the former Hannibal Square Library until the "Head Start" program took over. The old library could no longer battle the inevitable. "In 1971 the Hannibal Square Library Branch became part of the Hannibal Square Neighborhood Service Center. The Hannibal Square Branch Library closed in 1979 when a new library building for the City of Winter Park opened at 460 East New England Avenue."
The legacy of Mrs. Edwin Grover sparked an educational revolution for the African American community of Winter Park, FL. When racial discrimination, prejudicial policies, and urban planning perpetuated unequal opportunity, the community's passionate individuals contributed their time, money, and energy towards a positive cause: education. The Hannibal Square Library will not only be remembered as Winter Park architecture, but as the symbolic step towards knowledge, power, and equality for all.

</doc>
<doc id="20517989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517989" title="Phylloporia">
Phylloporia

Phylloporia is a genus of polypore fungi in the family Hymenochaetaceae. The genus contains 23 species.

</doc>
<doc id="20517999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20517999" title="Éric Messier">
Éric Messier

Éric Messier (born October 29, 1973) is a Canadian former defenceman in the National Hockey League. He played in the NHL for the Colorado Avalanche and Florida Panthers. He is not related in any way to Hall of Famer Mark Messier.
Playing career.
Messier played in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League for the Trois-Rivières Draveurs and then the Sherbrooke Faucons after the Draveurs relocated to Sherbrooke. He signed with the Colorado Avalanche as a free agent in 1995 and was assigned to the AHL's Cornwall Aces for one season before Messier and all Avalanche players assigned to the Aces were transferred to the Hershey Bears as the Aces folded. Messier would go on the win the Calder Cup in 1997 with the Bears. Messier was called up to the main roster in that season for the first time and played 21 games. He went on to play seven seasons for the Avalanche, playing a total of 385 regular season games and 72 playoff games, ultimately winning the Stanley Cup with Colorado in 2001. In 2003, Messier was traded to the Florida Panthers with Vaclav Nedorost for Peter Worrell and Florida's 2nd round pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. He played 21 games for the Panthers but suffered a wrist injury that eventually ended his hockey career.

</doc>
<doc id="20518000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518000" title="List of Charles River boathouses">
List of Charles River boathouses

The Charles River in Massachusetts has a significant number of boathouses on its banks, from its mouth at Boston Harbor to its source at Echo Lake in Hopkinton.
The boathouses are mostly situated along the Boston and Cambridge banks of the Charles River Basin, upstream as far as the Arsenal Street Bridge, and downstream as far as the Charles River Dam. Many of the boathouses belong to universities, including Boston University, Harvard University, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Northeastern University. Other boathouses belong to private clubs, some of which date back to the 19th century, while others belong to non-profit organizations dedicated to making the river accessible to the public for various types of boating. There are a modest number of for-profit boathouses that offer public boating services on the river above the Watertown Dam. Charles River Canoe & Kayak, which operates a boathouse in Newton, also provides rental services at other locations on the river.
The biggest event of the year involving the boathouses is the Head of the Charles Regatta, held every October. The houses see usage nearly year-round, weather permitting and pending the icing over of the Charles in winter months.
Listings.
This list starts from the mouth of the river, with the first house near the Charles River Dam Bridge, and continues upstream. The nearest crossing to each boathouse is marked with an asterisk (*).

</doc>
<doc id="20518028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518028" title="Polystictus (fungus)">
Polystictus (fungus)

Polystictus is a genus of fungi in the family Hymenochaetaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="20518031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518031" title="Battle of Machias">
Battle of Machias

The Battle of Machias (also known as the Battle of the "Margaretta") was the first naval engagement of the American Revolutionary War. It took place on June 11–12, 1775, in and around the port of Machias in what is now eastern Maine, and resulted in the capture by Patriot militia of a British schooner.
Following the outbreak of the war and the start of the Siege of Boston, British authorities enlisted the assistance of Loyalist merchant Ichabod Jones to assist in the acquisition of needed supplies. Two of Jones' merchant ships arrived in Machias on June 2, accompanied by the British armed sloop "Margaretta", commanded by midshipman James Moore. The townspeople, unhappy with Jones' business practices, decided to arrest him, and in the attempt, decided to go after Moore and his ship. Moore was able to escape out of the harbor, but the townspeople seized one of Jones' ships, armed it and a second local ship, and sailed out to meet him. In a short confrontation, they captured Moore's vessel and crew, fatally wounding him in the process.
The people of Machias went on to capture additional British ships, and fought off the landing of a large force intended to take control of the town in 1777. Privateers and others operating out of Machias continued to be a thorn in the British Navy's side throughout the war.
Background.
On April 19, 1775, the American Revolutionary War began with the Battles of Lexington and Concord in the British Province of Massachusetts Bay. Following the battle, the militia that had mustered to oppose the British besieged the city of Boston where the British troops were located.
Boston's British military leaders, Admiral Samuel Graves and General Thomas Gage, both had reason to do business with the people of Machias, a small coastal logging community located in what is now eastern Maine, but was then part of the Province of Massachusetts Bay. Gage required lumber to build barracks for additional troops arriving in the besieged city. Graves wanted to recover the guns from the wreck of "HMS Halifax", which had apparently been intentionally run aground in Machias Bay by a local pilot in February 1775. The ship's guns were reported to be of interest to the Patriots of Machias. Graves authorized Ichabod Jones, a Tory Machias merchant who had ships in the port of Boston, to take flour and other food supplies to the town of Machias aboard his two ships "Unity" and "Polly" in exchange for Gage's needed lumber. To guarantee that this would happen, Graves sent the armed schooner "Margaretta" (sometimes also spelled "Margueritta" or "Marguerite" in historical accounts), under the command of James Moore, a midshipman from his flagship "HMS Preston", to accompany the two merchant vessels. Moore also carried orders to retrieve what he could from the wreck of the "Halifax", which they would pass on the way.
Arrival at Machias.
On June 2, 1775, Jones' ships arrived in the port at Machias, while the "Margaretta" was delayed retrieving the guns from the "Halifax" wreck. Jones met resistance from the community by refusing to sell his pork and flour unless he was allowed to also load lumber for Boston. In a meeting on June 6, the townspeople voted against doing business with Jones. The hostile climate led Jones to ask Moore to bring the "Margaretta" within firing distance of the town. This prompted the town to meet a second time; this time they voted to permit the trade, and the "Unity" was docked at the wharf to begin unloading.
Following the vote, Jones announced that he would only do business with those who had voted in favor of trade. This angered those who had voted against, and Colonel Benjamin Foster, a local militia leader, conspired with militia from neighboring towns to capture Jones following the example of Brunswick militiamen a month earlier. Their plan to seize him at church on June 11 failed when he noticed the group of men approaching the building. Jones ran into the woods, from which he eventually emerged two days later. Moore and his second-in-command, who were also attending the services, also managed to get back to their ship.
Prelude.
Some of the militia men boarded the docked "Unity", removed the remaining supplies, and also removed her sails. Others went around by land near the place where the "Margaretta" was anchored, and demanded her surrender. Moore refused, threatening to fire on the town. This threat was more bluster than real, as "Margaretta" sported only a few mounted guns capable of firing one-pound shot. More of the militia men rowed out to the "Polly", which was anchored downstream from the "Margaretta", and attempted to tow her into the harbor. This attempt failed when she ran aground, possibly due to low tide. Moore raised anchor and came alongside "Polly", intending to recover her. After a brief and inconsequential exchange of gunfire with the militia men on the shore, however, he again raised anchor and went further downstream to a safe anchorage.
The next day, the men of Machias regrouped. Foster took about 20 men to East Machias, where they commandeered the "Falmouth Packet", a local schooner. The remaining men commandeered the "Unity". They rerigged her, installed some planks as a makeshift breastwork to serve as protection, armed themselves with muskets, pitchforks and axes and then set out after the "Margaretta", which by that time had reached the waters of Machias Bay. Moore had brought aboard as pilot one Captain Toby, near whose sloop he had anchored overnight, and was looking to depart the scene. In jibing into brisk winds, however, the "Margaretta"'s main boom and gaff broke away, crippling its navigability. As a result, once in Holmes Bay, Moore captured a sloop, took its spar and gaff to replace the "Margaretta's" and also took captive its pilot, Robert Avery, of Norwich, Connecticut.
Conflict.
The "Unity" crew, about 30 Machias men, elected Jeremiah O'Brien as their captain, and then sailed out to chase down the "Margaretta". As the "Unity" was a much faster sailing vessel, O'Brien's crew quickly overtook the crippled "Margaretta", while the "Falmouth Packet" lagged behind. Maine historian Roger Duncan, among others, indicates that both the "Unity" and the "Falmouth Packet" engaged the "Margaretta", but other sources disagree. Early 20th-century Machias historian George Drisko claims that the "Falmouth Packet" either ran aground or never caught up to the "Margaretta", and that the men aboard the "Unity" alone battled the "Margaretta" directly.
Seeing the "Unity" approaching, Moore opened full sail and cut away his boats in an attempt to escape. As the "Unity" pulled closer, he opened fire, but the Machias crew managed to avoid that fire and pull alongside the "Margaretta". It took two tries, but they tied alongside and stormed on board the "Margaretta", led by O'Brien's brother John and Joseph Getchell. Both sides also exchanged musket shots, and Moore tossed hand grenades onto the "Unity" until Samuel Watts took him down with a musket shot to the chest. As Duncan reports, the "Falmouth Packet" then managed to pull along the other side of the "Margaretta", and the combined crews overwhelmed the "Margaretta".
As Midshipman Moore was grievously wounded, his second, Midshipman Stillingfleet, surrendered the crew and vessel. Moore was taken into care in Machias at the home of Stephen Jones, the nephew of Ichabod Jones, but died the next day. At least three other members of Moore's crew were also killed, as was Robert Avery, the colonist taken by the British. The remaining crew members of the British schooner were held at Machias for about a month, and were eventually handed over to the Massachusetts Provincial Congress. There were also reports circulated, likely exaggerated, that as many as 100 British men died in this and other skirmishes in the Machias area. Machias lost two men, John McNiell and James Coolbroth. Coolbroth died after the skirmish of his wounds. Three others were badly wounded but survived. They were John Berry, who had a musket ball enter his mouth and exit behind his ear, Isaac Taft, and James Cole.
Aftermath.
The Machias community, expecting the full wrath of the British Empire in revenge, immediately petitioned the Massachusetts Provincial Congress for guidance, supplies and assistance. They organized for the defense of Machias and maintained vigilance in the event of British retaliation. Jeremiah O'Brien immediately outfitted one of the three captured vessels (sources disagree on "which" vessel; "Polly" and "Unity" are both mentioned, and historian James Volo suggests that recent scholarship favors "Polly") with breastwork, armed her with the guns and swivels taken from the "Margaretta" and changed her name to "Machias Liberty". In July 1775, Jeremiah O'Brien and Benjamin Foster captured two more British armed schooners, the "Diligent" and the "Tatamagouche", whose officers had been captured when they came ashore near Bucks Harbor. In August 1775, the Provincial Congress formally recognized their efforts, commissioning both the "Machias Liberty" and the "Diligent" into the Massachusetts Navy, with Jeremiah O'Brien as their commander. British retaliation occurred as the burning of Falmouth in October.
Following rumours that an assault on Nova Scotia was being planned, with stores stockpiled at Machias, a small British fleet carrying 1,000 men attempted to take Machias in August 1777; the locals successfully fought off the landing. The rumors were only partly true; the idea had been proposed, but no significant military planning had taken place.
During the war, Machias men refitted and armed a variety of ships—including the "Margaretta"—and sailed off looking for battle with the British. Jeremiah O'Brien and John Lambert were both commissioned into the Continental Navy. The "Machias Liberty" and the "Diligent" were used to intercept merchant ships supplying the British in the siege of Boston. John and Jerry O'Brien built a twenty-gun ship and began privateering under an American letter of marque. Jerry was captured off New York late in 1777; he escaped from prison in Britain, and continued privateering throughout the war.
The British naval command was continually frustrated by the actions of the Machias seamen during the war, and by the use of Machias as a staging point for militia actions (such as the Eddy Rebellion) in Nova Scotia. Graves more than once attempted to subdue Machias; he gave commands in 1776 to "proceed and reduce Machias", and ordered Sir George Collier to "Go,—destroy Machias" in 1777. One British officer, presumed to be Collier, said "The damned rebels at Machias were a harder set than those at Bunker Hill."
Liberty pole story.
There is a widely told story concerning this affair that Machias men erected a Liberty pole after meeting in the Burnham Tavern to discuss the battles of Lexington and Concord. This story, which persists in modern history books and travel guides, has been shown to be an 1831 fabrication by Machias resident John O'Brien. There is no mention of the Liberty pole in any earlier accounts, including the official report sent by the residents of Machias in 1775, and the letters of other participants in the events.

</doc>
<doc id="20518040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518040" title="Rogério Gonçalves Martins">
Rogério Gonçalves Martins

Rogério Gonçalves Martins (born November 19, 1984) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Greek Super League club Levadiakos as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="20518045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518045" title="Porodaedalea">
Porodaedalea

Porodaedalea is a genus of fungi in the family Hymenochaetaceae. The genus was circumscribed by American mycologist William Alphonso Murrill in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="20518050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518050" title="Gary Leeman">
Gary Leeman

Gary Spencer Leeman (born February 19, 1964) is a former professional ice hockey player in the NHL. He is best known for being the second Toronto Maple Leaf player ever to score 50 goals or more in a single NHL season (Rick Vaive being the first in 1981-82).
Playing career.
He attended Notre Dame College in Wilcox, Saskatchewan and was a standout defenceman for two seasons with the WHL's Regina Pats where he was voted the league's Top Defenceman and a First Team All-Star. 
Leeman was drafted 24th overall by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1982 NHL Entry Draft as a defenceman, and returned to junior for a season where he scored 86 points in 63 games. 
He also represented Canada at the World Junior Championships twice, in Leningrad and in Sweden.
Leeman converted to a winger in the National Hockey League. He was best known as a speedy and gritty scoring machine and he had a 50 goal season to his credit for the Toronto Maple Leafs. He formed the "Hound Line" along with Wendel Clark and Russ Courtnall while helping the Leafs come within a game of the semi-finals. Starting in 1986–87, Gary was a top goal scorer with Toronto and had four straight 20 goal seasons.
After nearly nine seasons in Toronto, Leeman needed a change of scenery and was the key player sent to the Calgary Flames in the blockbuster trade that brought Doug Gilmour to Toronto. To date, the 10 player deal is the largest in NHL history and, looking back, is seen as lopsided in favour of Toronto. 
As well as the Leafs, Leeman also played for the Flames, Montreal Canadiens, Vancouver Canucks and the St. Louis Blues. He won a Stanley Cup in Montreal in 1993. He played 667 regular season games in the NHL, scoring 199 goals and 267 assists for 466 points. 
He finished his career in Germany's Deutsche Eishockey Liga for the Hannover Scorpions. He retired in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20518051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518051" title="United States Senate election in Arizona, 2010">
United States Senate election in Arizona, 2010

The 2010 United States Senate election in Arizona took place on November 2, 2010 along with other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. The primaries were held on August 24, 2010. 
Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator John McCain won re-election to a fifth term.
Democratic primary.
Background.
Many considered popular Democratic Governor Janet Napolitano a possible Democratic challenger to McCain, and some very early polling showed her ahead or competitive with him in a prospective 2010 matchup. Napolitano was term-limited as governor in 2010, and had openly discussed the possibility of a Senate race, especially given McCain's 2008 electoral results in the Democratic-trending state.
However, the December 1, 2008 nomination by President-elect Barack Obama of Napolitano to be the new Secretary of Homeland Security, made it appear unlikely that she would challenge McCain.
In February 2009, Arizona Senate minority leader Jorge Luis Garcia was saying: "There hasn't been any discussion about any . The Democratic Party would be willing to lend support to a candidate against Senator McCain. It would be very expensive—very, very, very expensive." In April 2009, only one person had announced a candidacy, Rudy Garcia, the former mayor of Bell Gardens, California. In October 2009, national Democratic leaders were saying that they were not bothering to recruit anyone to face McCain, but that same month, Tucson Councilman Rodney Glassman filed an exploratory committee for this Senate seat at the urging of Arizona Attorney General and Arizona gubernatorial candidate Terry Goddard.
Other possible Democratic challengers mentioned have included Phoenix mayor Phil Gordon, U.S. Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, and Terry Goddard. However, Goddard had formally announced his candidacy for the 2010 Arizona gubernatorial race, and Phil Gordon was exploring a run for John Shadegg's Congressional seat in Arizona's 3rd district.
Debates.
Debates were planned for:
Republican primary.
Background.
Incumbent Republican senator John McCain lost his bid for President of the United States in the 2008 election on November 4, 2008. By November 18, he had indicated his intention to form a political action committee to run for Senate re-election in 2010. McCain confirmed his decision at a press conference in Phoenix, Arizona on November 25, 2008, saying, "I intend to run again and will make an announcement at an appropriate time." In his appearance, McCain made a point of shifting from discussion of national issues to local ones, and followed up with renewed attention to the state during the next few months. In February 2009, McCain began active fundraising efforts for his re-election campaign.
McCain faced a possible Republican primary challenge. He had won less than half the votes against the field of candidates in the 2008 Arizona Republican presidential primary, and had only won the presidential contest in Arizona by 8.5 percentage points. The person most mentioned as a possible primary challenger was radio talk show host and former U.S. Congressman J. D. Hayworth, who was being urged to run by his listeners. (Hayworth had once been allied with McCain and had supported his 2000 presidential campaign, but the two diverged ideologically shortly thereafter.) However, McCain's strong opposition to the economic stimulus package of 2009 warmed some conservatives to him and made a primary challenge less likely.
As 2009 progressed, McCain got two announced primary challengers, U.S. Navy veteran and businessman Jim Deakin, and Chris Simcox, the co-founder of the Minuteman Civil Defense Corps. Simcox's April 2009 announcement of his candidacy garnered a fair amount of press attention; he stated that "John McCain has failed miserably in his duty to secure this nation's borders and protect the people of Arizona from the escalating violence and lawlessness. ... Coupled with his votes for reckless bailout spending and big government solutions to our nation's problems, John McCain is out of touch with everyday Arizonans. Enough is enough."
In October 2009, Hayworth said that he was considering a primary challenge: "There's a great deal of respect for John as a historical figure. But he's long been at odds with the conservative base of the Republican Party and more recently with Arizonans." Hayworth quoted a poll which said that 61 percent of Arizona Republicans thought McCain had lost touch with his party. McCain had raised $4.7 million for his Senate re-election, and had access to more than $20 million leftover from his 2008 presidential effort. A November 2009 Rasmussen Reports poll surprisingly showed that Hayworth was nearly even with McCain among likely Republican Party primary voters in the state. As January 2010 progressed, McCain began running negative ads against Hayworth. On January 22, 2010, Hayworth resigned from his talk radio position at KFYI, a necessary step to becoming a candidate. On January 23, Hayworth announced at a meeting of the Arizona Republican Party State Committee that he did intend to run, and that a formal announcement would be forthcoming soon.
As the contest began, some elements of the Tea Party movement supported Hayworth, but others stayed out of the contest, and still others supported Jim Deakin. The threat from Hayworth helped account for McCain's sometimes-awkward reversals or softpedallings of his former positions on issues such as the bank bailouts, national security, campaign finance reform, and gays in the military; Hayworth said, "John is undergoing a campaign conversion." McCain remained strong among party centrists and independents, and had strong financial resources. McCain also had the endorsements of the entire Arizona congressional delegation. Regardless, pundits predicted it would become "one of the country's fiercest political contests of 2010."
Hayworth officially launched his bid on February 15, 2010, in Phoenix. His announcement led Simcox to drop his campaign and endorse Hayworth, saying that he wanted to present a united conservative front. Hayworth attracted the support of a good number of top-rated radio talk show hosts, including Michael Savage. Hayworth called for a series of 10 debates between himself and McCain. This echoed a proposal that McCain had unsuccessfully made to Obama during their 2008 presidential campaign; this time, McCain labeled the idea a "desperate publicity stunt." With Hayworth using the campaign slogan "The Consistent Conservative," McCain backed off his reputation for unorthodoxy, saying, "I never considered myself a maverick. I consider myself a person who serves the people of Arizona to the best of his abilities." McCain's former vice presidential running mate, Sarah Palin, staged a campaign appearance with him in late March; she said that McCain was deserving of support among Tea Party movement-types. Many in the crowd came to see Palin rather than McCain and were unsure of whom they would vote for in the primary.
Both candidates endorsed Arizona SB 1070, the anti-illegal immigration state law passed in April 2010 that aroused national controversy, and both made tough stands on border control central to their campaigns. McCain retained a financial edge, having $4.6 million in hand at the end of the first quarter to Hayworth's $861,000.
Hayworth's campaign began to struggle when infomercials he had made in 2007 came to light, which had pitched access to free government payment programs from a company that was accused of swindling thousands of people. McCain ran television ads that labeled Hayworth a "huckster," and in return Hayworth's wife charged McCain with engaging in deliberate character assassination. Hayworth also had difficulty rallying conservative backing due to his past support for Congressional earmarks and for his past associations with lobbyist Jack Abramoff.
During the summer, McCain began running immigration-themed ads featuring Pinal County sheriff Paul Babeu, who is also a strong supporter of SB 1070; however, Hayworth asked McCain to withdraw the ads because Babeu had recently appeared on the white nationalist radio show "The Political Cesspool".
General election.
Campaign.
After spending over $20 million during the primaries, McCain still had more than $1 million cash on hand after the primary election. Glassman has criticized McCain on women's issues. In August 2010, Glassman released a TV advertisement called "Arizona First."

</doc>
<doc id="20518076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518076" title="United States Navy">
United States Navy

The United States Navy (USN) is the naval warfare service branch of the United States Armed Forces and one of the seven uniformed services of the United States. It is estimated to be larger than the next 13 largest navies combined in terms of battle fleet tonnage. The U.S. Navy also has the world's largest carrier fleet, with 10 in service, 2 under construction, USS Gerald R. Ford (CVN-78) / USS John F. Kennedy (CVN-79), 8 more planned and two in active reserve. The service has 317,054 personnel on active duty and 109,671 in the Navy Reserve. It operates 283 ships in active service and more than 3,700 aircraft.
The navy traces its origins to the Continental Navy, which was established during the American Revolutionary War and was essentially disbanded as a separate entity shortly thereafter. It played a major role in the American Civil War by blockading the Confederacy and seizing control of its rivers. It played the central role in the World War II defeat of Japan.
The 21st century United States Navy maintains a sizable global presence, deploying in such areas as East Asia, the Mediterranean, and the Middle East. It is a blue-water navy with the ability to project force onto the littoral regions of the world, engage in forward areas during peacetime, and rapidly respond to regional crises, making it an active player in U.S. foreign and defense policy.
The Navy is administratively managed by the Department of the Navy, which is headed by the civilian Secretary of the Navy. The Department of the Navy is itself a division of the Department of Defense, which is headed by the Secretary of Defense. The Chief of Naval Operations is a four-star admiral and the senior naval officer of the Department of the Navy. However, the CNO may not be the highest ranking naval officer in the armed forces if the Chairman or the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff are Navy officers, who by law, outrank the CNO.
Mission.
From the New Recruits Handbook:
The United States Navy is a seaborne branch of the military of the United States. The Navy's three primary areas of responsibility:
U.S. Navy training manuals state that the mission of the U.S. Armed Forces is "to prepare and conduct prompt and sustained combat operations in support of the national interest." As part of that establishment, the U.S. Navy's functions comprise sea control, power projection and nuclear deterrence, in addition to "sealift" duties.
History.
Origins.
The Navy was rooted in the American seafaring tradition, which produced a large community of sailors, captains and shipbuilders in the colonial era. In the early stages of the American Revolutionary War, Massachusetts had its own navy. The establishment of a national navy was an issue of debate among the members of the Continental Congress. Supporters argued that a navy would protect shipping, defend the coast, and make it easier to seek out support from foreign countries. Detractors countered that challenging the British Royal Navy, then the world's preeminent naval power, was a foolish undertaking. Commander in Chief George Washington resolved the debate when he commissioned seven ocean-going cruisers to interdict British supply ships, and reported the captures to the Congress.
The Continental Navy achieved mixed results; it was successful in a number of engagements and raided many British merchant vessels, but it lost 24 of its vessels and at one point was reduced to two in active service. The navy was disbanded at war's end.
From reestablishment to the Civil War.
The United States would be without a navy for nearly a decade—a state of affairs that exposed its merchant ships to a series of attacks by Barbary pirates. The sole armed maritime presence between 1790 and the launching of the U.S. Navy's first warships in 1797 was the U.S. Revenue Cutter Service (USRCS), the primary predecessor of the U.S. Coast Guard. Although USRCS Cutters conducted operations against these pirates, the depredations far outstripped the abilities of the USRCS and Congress ordered the construction and manning of six frigates on 27 March 1794; three years later the first three were welcomed into service: , , and .
Following an undeclared Quasi-War with France, the U.S. Navy saw substantial action in the War of 1812, where it was victorious in eleven single-ship duels with the Royal Navy. The navy drove all significant British forces off Lake Erie and Lake Champlain and prevented them from becoming British controlled zones of conflict. Despite this, the U.S. Navy was unable to prevent the British from blockading American ports and landing troops on American soil. After the war, the U.S. Navy again focused its attention on protecting American shipping assets, sending squadrons to the Caribbean, the Mediterranean, South America, Africa, and the Pacific. From 1819 to the outbreak of the Civil War the Africa Squadron operated to suppress the slave trade, seizing 36 slave ships, although its contribution was smaller than that of the much larger British Royal Navy.
During the Mexican-American War the U.S. Navy contributed by instituting blockades of Mexican ports, capturing or burning the Mexican fleet in the Gulf of California and capturing all major cities in Baja California peninsula—later returned. In 1846–1848 the navy successfully used the Pacific Squadron under Commodore (Rear Admiral) Robert Stockton and its marines and blue-jackets to facilitate the capture of California with large scale land operations coordinated with the local militia organized in the California Battalion. The navy conducted the U.S. military's first large-scale amphibious joint operation by successfully landing 12,000 army troops with their equipment in one day at Veracruz, Mexico. When larger guns were needed to bombard Veracruz, navy volunteers landed large navy guns and manned them in the successful bombardment and capture of the city. This successful landing and capture of Veracruz opened the way for the capture of Mexico City and the end of the war. The United States Navy established itself as a player in American foreign policy through the actions of Commodore Matthew Perry in Japan, which resulted in the Convention of Kanagawa in 1854.
Naval power would play a significant role during the American Civil War, where the Union had a distinct advantage over the Confederacy on the seas. A Union blockade on all major ports shut down exports and the coastal trade, but blockade runners (mostly owned and operated by British companies) provided a thin lifeline. The brown-water Navy's control of the river systems made internal travel difficult for Confederates and easy for the Union. The war saw ironclad warships in combat for the first time at the Battle of Hampton Roads in 1862, which pitted against . For two decades after the war, however, the U.S. Navy's fleet was neglected and became technologically obsolete.
20th century.
A modernization program beginning in the 1880s with the first steel hulled warships stimulated the American steel industry and "the new steel navy" was born. This rapid expansion of the U.S. Navy and its easy victory over the Spanish Navy in 1898 brought a new respect for American technical quality. Rapid building of at first pre-dreadnoughts, then dreadnoughts brought the U.S. in line with the navies of countries such as Britain and Germany. In 1907, most of the Navy's battleships, with several support vessels, dubbed the Great White Fleet, were showcased in a 14-month circumnavigation of the world. Ordered by President Theodore Roosevelt, it was a mission designed to demonstrate the Navy's capability to extend to the global theater. By 1911, the U.S. had begun building the super-dreadnoughts at a pace to eventually become competitive with Britain.
World War I and interwar years.
The navy saw little action during World War I. It concentrated on mine laying operations against German U-Boats. Hesitation by the senior command meant that naval forces were not contributed until late 1917. Battleship Division Nine was dispatched to Britain and served as the Sixth Battle Squadron of the British Grand Fleet. Its presence allowed the British to decommission some older ships and reuse the crews on smaller vessels. Destroyers and U.S. Naval Air Force units contributed to the anti-submarine operations. The strength of the United States Navy grew under an ambitious ship building program associated with the Naval Act of 1916.
Naval construction, especially of battleships was limited by the Washington Naval Conference of 1921–22. The aircraft carriers and were built on the hulls of partially built battle cruisers that had been canceled by the treaty. The New Deal used Public Works Administration funds to build warships, such as and . By 1936, with the completion of , the U.S. Navy possessed a carrier fleet of 165,000 tonnes displacement, although this figure was nominally recorded as 135,000 tonnes to comply with treaty limitations. President Franklin Roosevelt, the number two official in the Navy Department during World War I, appreciated the Navy and gave it strong support. In return, senior leaders were eager for innovation and experimented with new technologies, such as magnetic torpedoes, and developed a strategy called War Plan Orange for victory in the Pacific in a hypothetical war with Japan.
World War II.
The U.S. Navy grew into a formidable force in the years prior to World War II, with battleship production being restarted in 1937, commencing with the . Though ultimately unsuccessful, Japan attempted to neutralize this strategic threat with the 1941 surprise attack on Pearl Harbor. Following American entry into the war, the U.S. Navy grew tremendously as the United States was faced with a two-front war on the seas. It achieved notable acclaim in the Pacific Theater, where it was instrumental to the Allies' successful "island hopping" campaign. The U.S. Navy participated in many significant battles, including the Battle of the Coral Sea, the Battle of Midway, the Solomon Islands Campaign, the Battle of the Philippine Sea, the Battle of Leyte Gulf, and the Battle of Okinawa. By 1943, the navy's size was larger than the combined fleets of all the other combatant nations in World War II. By war's end in 1945, the United States Navy had added hundreds of new ships, including 18 aircraft carriers and 8 battleships, and had over 70% of the world's total numbers and total tonnage of naval vessels of 1,000 tons or greater. At its peak, the U.S. Navy was operating 6,768 ships on V-J Day in August 1945.
Doctrine had significantly shifted by the end of the war. The United States Navy had followed in the footsteps of the navies of Great Britain and Germany which favored concentrated groups of battleships as their main offensive naval weapons. The development of the aircraft carrier and its devastating utilization by the Japanese against the U.S. at Pearl Harbor however shifted U.S. thinking. The Pearl Harbor attack destroyed or took out of action a significant number of U.S. Navy battleships. This placed much of the burden of retaliating against the Japanese on the small number of aircraft carriers.
Cold War.
The potential for armed conflict with the Soviet Union during the Cold War pushed the U.S. Navy to continue its technological advancement by developing new weapons systems, ships, and aircraft. United States naval strategy changed to that of forward deployment in support of U.S. allies with an emphasis on carrier battle groups.
The navy was a major participant in the Vietnam War, blockaded Cuba during the Cuban Missile Crisis, and, through the use of ballistic missile submarines, became an important aspect of the United States' nuclear strategic deterrence policy. The United States Navy conducted various combat operations in the Persian Gulf against Iran in 1987 and 1988, most notably Operation Praying Mantis. The Navy was extensively involved in Operation Urgent Fury, Operation Desert Shield, Operation Desert Storm, Operation Deliberate Force, Operation Allied Force, Operation Desert Fox and Operation Southern Watch.
The U.S. Navy has also been involved in search and rescue/search and salvage operations, sometimes in conjunction with vessels of other countries as well as with U.S. Coast Guard ships. Two examples are the 1966 Palomares B-52 crash incident and search for the nuclear bombs, and Task Force 71 of the Seventh Fleet operation in search for Korean Air Lines Flight 007 shot down by the Soviets on 1 September 1983.
21st century.
The United States Navy continues to be a major support to U.S. interests in the 21st century. Since the end of the Cold War, it has shifted its focus from preparations for large-scale war with the Soviet Union to special operations and strike missions in regional conflicts. The navy participated in Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom, and is a major participant in the ongoing War on Terror, largely in this capacity. Development continues on new ships and weapons, including the and the Littoral combat ship. Because of its size, weapons technology, and ability to project force far from U.S. shores, the current U.S. Navy remains a potent asset for the United States.
In 2007, the U.S. Navy joined with the U.S. Marine Corps and U.S. Coast Guard to adopt a new maritime strategy called A Cooperative Strategy for 21st Century Seapower that raises the notion of prevention of war to the same philosophical level as the conduct of war. The strategy was presented by the Chief of Naval Operations, the Commandant of the Marine Corps, and Commandant of the Coast Guard at the International Sea Power Symposium in Newport, R.I. on 17 October 2007. The strategy recognized the economic links of the global system and how any disruption due to regional crises—man made or natural—can adversely impact the U.S. economy and quality of life. This new strategy charts a course for the Navy, Coast Guard, and Marine Corps to work collectively with each other and international partners to prevent these crises from occurring or reacting quickly should one occur to prevent negative impacts on the United States.
During the George W. Bush administration, the fleet dropped to a total number of ships that was smaller than any time since 1917.
In 2010, Chief of Naval Operations, Admiral Gary Roughead, noted that demands on the Navy have grown as the fleet has shrunk and that in the face of declining budgets in the future, the U.S. Navy must rely even more on international partnerships.
In its 2013 budget request, the navy focused on retaining all eleven big deck carriers, at the expense of cutting numbers of smaller ships and delaying the SSBN replacement.
The US Navy currently has a three-step plan to boost the fleets' firepower: in the near-term, develop the Long Range Anti-Ship Missile to create a surface-launched, over-the-horizon cruise missile with greater coverage than the -ranged Harpoon anti-ship missile to have the capability that was lost with the retirement of the Tomahawk Anti-Ship Missile; in the mid-term, replace defensive missile systems with laser weapon systems; and in the long-term, equip ships with electromagnetic railguns for over-the-horizon bombardment. Lasers like the Laser Weapon System in testing are currently for defense of ships and would allow missile compartments to be freed up for offensive system, while the laser could run as long as the ship has power. They may only be relegated to short-range defensive work, as they cannot fire over the horizon or out of line-of-sight. Railguns will be offensive and fire projectiles at Mach 7 out to . They will serve as a complement to cruise missiles, as they have less range, components wear out fast, and currently only Zumwalt-class destroyers can generate enough electrical power for desired performance.
Organization.
The Navy falls under the administration of the Department of the Navy, under civilian leadership of the Secretary of the Navy (SECNAV). The most senior naval officer is the Chief of Naval Operations (CNO), a four-star admiral who is immediately under and reports to the Secretary of the Navy. At the same time, the Chief of Naval Operations is one of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, which is the second-highest deliberatory body of the armed forces after the United States National Security Council, although it only plays an advisory role to the President and does not nominally form part of the chain of command. The Secretary of the Navy and Chief of Naval Operations are responsible for organizing, recruiting, training, and equipping the Navy so that it is ready for operation under the command of the unified combat command commanders.
Operating forces.
There are nine components in the operating forces of the U.S. Navy: the United States Fleet Forces Command (formerly United States Atlantic Fleet), United States Pacific Fleet, United States Naval Forces Central Command, United States Naval Forces Europe, Naval Network Warfare Command, Navy Reserve, United States Naval Special Warfare Command, Operational Test and Evaluation Force, and Military Sealift Command. Fleet Forces Command controls a number of unique capabilities, including Military Sealift Command, Naval Expeditionary Combat Command, and Navy Cyber Forces.
The United States Navy has six active numbered fleets – Third, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh Fleet and Tenth Fleets are each led by a three-star vice admiral, and the Fourth Fleet is led by a rear admiral. These six fleets are further grouped under Fleet Forces Command (the former Atlantic Fleet), Pacific Fleet, Naval Forces Europe-Africa, and Naval Forces Central Command, whose commander also doubles as Commander Fifth Fleet; the first three commands being led by four-star admirals. The United States First Fleet existed after the Second World War from 1947, but it was redesignated Third Fleet in early 1973. In early 2008, the navy reactivated the United States Fourth Fleet to control operations in the area controlled by Southern Command, which consists of US assets in and around Central and South America.
Shore establishments.
Shore establishments exist to support the mission of the fleet through the use of facilities on land. Among the commands of the shore establishment, as of April 2011, are the Naval Education and Training Command, the Naval Meteorology and Oceanography Command, the Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command, the Naval Facilities Engineering Command, the Naval Supply Systems Command, the Naval Air Systems Command, the Naval Sea Systems Command, the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery, the Bureau of Naval Personnel, the United States Naval Academy, the Naval Safety Center, the Naval Strike and Air Warfare Center, and the United States Naval Observatory. Official Navy websites list the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations and the chief of naval operations as part of the shore establishment, but these two entities effectively sit superior to the other organizations, playing a coordinating role.
Relationships with other service branches.
United States Marine Corps.
In 1834, the United States Marine Corps came under the Department of the Navy. Historically, the Navy has had a unique relationship with the USMC, partly because they both specialize in seaborne operations. Together the Navy and Marine Corps form the Department of the Navy and report to the secretary of the navy. However, the Marine Corps is a distinct, separate service branch with its own uniformed service chief – the Commandant of the Marine Corps, a four-star general.
The Marine Corps depends on the Navy for medical support (dentists, doctors, nurses, medical technicians known as corpsmen) and religious support (chaplains). Thus Navy officers and enlisted sailors fulfill these roles. When attached to Marine Corps units deployed to an operational environment they generally wear marine camouflage uniforms, but otherwise they wear Navy dress uniforms unless they opt to conform to Marine Corps grooming standards.
In the operational environment, as an expeditionary force specializing in amphibious operations, Marines often embark on Navy ships in order to conduct operations from beyond territorial waters. Marine units deploying as part of a Marine Air-Ground Task Force (MAGTF) operate under the command of the existing Marine chain of command. Although Marine units routinely operate from amphibious assault ships the relationship has evolved over the years much as the Commander of the Carrier Air Group/Wing (CAG) does not work for the carrier commanding officer, but coordinates with the ship's CO and staff. Some Marine aviation squadrons, usually fixed-wing assigned to carrier air wings train and operate alongside Navy squadrons, flying similar missions and often flying sorties together under the cognizance of the CAG. Aviation is where the Navy and Marines share the most common ground, since aircrews are guided in their use of aircraft by standard procedures outlined in series of publications known as NATOPS manuals.
United States Coast Guard.
The United States Coast Guard, in its peacetime role with the Department of Homeland Security, fulfills its law enforcement role in the maritime environment. It provides Law Enforcement Detachments (LEDETs) to Navy vessels, where they perform arrests and other law enforcement duties during naval boarding and interdiction missions. In times of war, the Coast Guard operates as a service in the Navy. At other times, Coast Guard port security units are sent overseas to guard the security of ports and other assets. The Coast Guard also jointly staffs the Navy's naval coastal warfare groups and squadrons (the latter of which were known as harbor defense commands until late-2004), which oversee defense efforts in foreign littoral combat and inshore areas.
Personnel.
The United States Navy has nearly 500,000 personnel, approximately a quarter of whom are in ready reserve. Of those on active duty, more than eighty percent are enlisted sailors, and around fifteen percent are commissioned officers; the rest are midshipmen of the United States Naval Academy and midshipmen of the Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps at over 180 universities around the country and officer candidates at the Navy's Officer Candidate School.
Sailors prove they have mastered skills and deserve responsibilities by completing Personnel Qualification Standards (PQS) tasks and examinations. Among the most important is the "warfare qualification", which denotes a journeyman level of capability in Surface Warfare, Aviation Warfare, Information Dominance Warfare, Naval Aircrew, Special Warfare, Seabee Warfare, Submarine Warfare or Expeditionary Warfare. Many qualifications are denoted on a sailor's uniform with U.S. Navy badges and insignia.
Bases.
The size, complexity, and international presence of the United States Navy requires a large number of navy installations to support its operations. While the majority of bases are located inside the United States itself, the navy maintains a significant number of facilities abroad, either in U.S.-controlled territories or in foreign countries under a Status of Forces Agreement (SOFA).
Eastern United States.
The second largest concentration of installations is at Hampton Roads, Virginia, where the navy occupies over of land. Located at Hampton Roads are Naval Station Norfolk, homeport of the Atlantic Fleet; NAS Oceana, a Master Jet Base; Naval Amphibious Base Little Creek; and Training Support Center Hampton Roads as well as a number of Navy and commercial shipyards that service navy vessels. Also in Virginia is the Aegis Training and Readiness Center located at NSA Dahlgren. Maryland is home to Naval Air Station Patuxent River, which houses the Navy's Test Pilot School. Also located in Maryland is the United States Naval Academy, situated in Annapolis. Naval Station Newport in Newport, Rhode Island is home to many schools and tenant commands, including the Officer Candidate School, Naval Undersea Warfare Center, and more, and also maintains inactive ships.
There is also a naval base in Charleston, South Carolina. This is home to the Nuclear A-School, and the Nuclear Field Power school, and one of two nuclear 'Prototype' Schools. The state of Florida is the location of three major bases, Naval Station Mayport, the Navy's fourth largest, in Jacksonville, Florida; Naval Air Station Jacksonville, a Master Air Anti-submarine Warfare base; and Naval Air Station Pensacola; home of the Naval Education and Training Command, the Naval Air Technical Training Center that provides specialty training for enlisted aviation personnel and is the primary flight training base for Navy and Marine Corps Naval Flight Officers and enlisted Naval Aircrewmen. There is also Naval Support Activity in Panama City Beach, Florida which is home to the Navy Diving and Salvage Training Center.
The main U.S. Navy submarine bases on the east coast are located in Groton, Connecticut and Kings Bay, Georgia. There is a naval shipyard in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, which repairs naval submarines. Naval Station Great Lakes, north of Chicago, Illinois is the home of the Navy's boot camp for enlisted sailors.
Western United States and Hawaii.
The navy's largest complex is China Lake, California, which covers of land, or approximately 1/3 of the United States Navy's total land holdings.
Naval Base San Diego, California, is the main homeport of the Pacific Fleet (although its headquarters is located in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii). NAS North Island is located on the north side of Coronado, and is home to Headquarters for Naval Air Forces and Naval Air Force Pacific, the bulk of the Pacific Fleet's helicopter squadrons, and part of the West Coast aircraft carrier fleet. Naval Amphibious Base Coronado is located on the southern end of the Coronado Island and is home to the navy's west coast SEAL teams and special boat units. Naval Amphibious Base Coronado is also home to the Naval Special Warfare Center, the primary training center for SEALs.
The other major collection of naval bases on the west coast is in Puget Sound, Washington. Among them, Naval Station Everett is one of the newer bases and the navy states that it is its most modern facility.
NAS Fallon, Nevada serves as the primary training ground for navy strike aircrews, and is home to the Naval Strike Air Warfare Center. Master Jet Bases are also located at NAS Lemoore, California and NAS Whidbey Island, Washington, while the carrier-based airborne early warning aircraft community and major air test activities are located at NAS Point Mugu, California. The naval presence in Hawaii is centered on Pearl Harbor Naval Base, which hosts the headquarters of the Pacific Fleet and many of its subordinate commands.
United States territories.
Guam, an island strategically located in the Western Pacific Ocean, maintains a sizable U.S. Navy presence, including Naval Base Guam. The westernmost U.S. territory, it contains a natural deep water harbor capable of harboring aircraft carriers in emergencies. Its naval air station was deactivated in 1995 and its flight activities transferred to nearby Andersen Air Force Base.
Puerto Rico in the Caribbean formerly housed Roosevelt Roads Naval Station, which was shut down in 2004 shortly after the controversial closure of the live ordnance training area on nearby Vieques Island.
Foreign countries.
The largest overseas base is in Yokosuka, Japan, which serves as the home port for the navy's largest forward-deployed fleet and is a significant base of operations in the Western Pacific.
European operations revolve around facilities in Italy (Sigonella and Naples), Spain and Greece with Naples as the homeport for the Sixth Fleet and Command Naval Region Europe (CNRE), which are based in Gaeta.
In the Middle East, naval facilities are located almost exclusively in countries bordering the Persian Gulf, with Manama, Bahrain serving as the headquarters of U.S. Naval Forces Central Command and U.S. Fifth Fleet.
Guantánamo Bay in Cuba is the oldest overseas facility and has become known in recent years as the location of a detention camp for suspected al-Qaeda operatives.
Equipment.
As of 2013, the navy operates 283 ships, 3,659 aircraft, 50,000 non-combat vehicles and owns 75,200 buildings on . In addition, the Navy has 122 ships operated by the Military Sealift Command (USNS) crewed by a combination of civilian contractors and a small number of uniformed Naval personnel.
Ships.
The names of commissioned ships of the U.S. Navy are prefixed with the letters "USS", designating "United States Ship". Non-commissioned, civilian-manned vessels of the navy have names that begin with "USNS", standing for "United States Naval Ship" The names of ships are officially selected by the secretary of the navy, often to honor important people or places. Additionally, each ship is given a letter-based hull classification symbol (for example, CVN or DDG) to indicate the vessel's type and number. All ships in the navy inventory are placed in the Naval Vessel Register, which is part of "the Navy List" (required by article 29 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea). The register tracks data such as the current status of a ship, the date of its commissioning, and the date of its decommissioning. Vessels that are removed from the register prior to disposal are said to be "stricken" from the register. The navy also maintains a reserve fleet of inactive vessels that are maintained for reactivation in times of need.
The U.S. Navy was one of the first to install nuclear reactors aboard naval vessels; today, nuclear energy powers all active U.S. aircraft carriers and submarines. In the case of the carrier, two naval reactors give the ship almost unlimited range and provide enough electrical energy to power a city of 100,000 people. The U.S. Navy previously operated nuclear-powered cruisers, but all have been decommissioned.
The U.S. Navy has identified a need for 313 combat ships, but under the current plans will only be able to afford 232 to 243.
Aircraft carriers.
The navy had established a minimum requirement for 11 aircraft carriers, but dropped to 10 when "Enterprise" retired in December 2012, before "Gerald R. Ford" enters service.
A carrier is typically deployed along with a host of additional vessels, forming a carrier strike group. The supporting ships, which usually include three or four Aegis-equipped cruisers and destroyers, a frigate, and two attack submarines, are tasked with protecting the carrier from air, missile, sea, and undersea threats as well as providing additional strike capabilities themselves. Ready logistics support for the group is provided by a combined ammunition, oiler, and supply ship.
Amphibious warfare vessels.
Amphibious assault ships are the centerpieces of US amphibious warfare and fulfill the same power projection role as aircraft carriers except that their striking force centers on land forces instead of aircraft. They deliver, command, coordinate, and fully support all elements of a 2200-strong marine amphibious unit in an amphibious assault using both air and amphibious vehicles. Resembling small aircraft carriers, amphibious assault ships are capable of V/STOL, STOVL, VTOL, tiltrotor, and rotary wing aircraft operations. They also contain a well deck to support the use of Landing Craft Air Cushion (LCAC) and other amphibious assault watercraft. Recently, amphibious assault ships have begun to be deployed as the core of an expeditionary strike group, which usually consists of an additional amphibious transport dock and dock landing ship for amphibious warfare and an Aegis-equipped cruiser and destroyer, frigate, and attack submarine for group defense. Amphibious assault ships are typically named after World War II aircraft carriers.
Amphibious transport docks are warships that embark, transport, and land Marines, supplies, and equipment in a supporting role during amphibious warfare missions. With a landing platform, amphibious transport docks also have the capability to serve as secondary aviation support for an expeditionary group. All amphibious transport docks can operate helicopters, LCACs, and other conventional amphibious vehicles while the newer "San Antonio" class of ships has been explicitly designed to operate all three elements of the marines' "mobility triad": Expeditionary Fighting Vehicles (EFVs), the V-22 Osprey tiltrotor aircraft, and LCACs. Amphibious transport docks are named for cities, except for , named for Mesa Verde National Park in Colorado, and three "San Antonio" class ships named in memory of the September 11, 2001 attacks.
The dock landing ship is a medium amphibious transport that is designed specifically to support and operate LCACs, though it is able to operate other amphibious assault vehicles in the United States inventory as well. Dock landing ships are normally deployed as a component of an expeditionary strike group's amphibious assault contingent, operating as a secondary launch platform for LCACs. All dock landing ships are named after locations in the United States.
Surface vessels.
Cruisers are large surface combat vessels that conduct anti-air/anti-missile warfare, surface warfare, anti-submarine warfare, and strike operations independently or as members of a larger task force. Modern guided missile cruisers were developed out of a need to counter the anti-ship missile threat facing the United States Navy. This led to the development of the AN/SPY-1 phased array radar and the Standard missile with the Aegis combat system coordinating the two. s were the first to be equipped with Aegis and were put to use primarily as anti-air and anti-missile defense in a battle force protection role. Later developments of vertical launch systems and the Tomahawk missile gave cruisers additional long-range land and sea strike capability, making them capable of both offensive and defensive battle operations. All cruisers since CG-47 have been named for famous battles with as the only exception. Previously, cruisers were either named for cities (until CG-12), former important navy figures (CG-15 to CG-35), or states (CGN-36 to CGN-41).
Destroyers are multi-mission medium surface ships capable of sustained performance in anti-air, anti-submarine, anti-ship, and offensive strike operations. Like cruisers, guided missile destroyers are primarily focused on surface strikes using Tomahawk missiles and fleet defense through Aegis and the Standard missile. Destroyers additionally specialize in anti-submarine warfare and are equipped with VLA rockets and LAMPS Mk III Sea Hawk helicopters to deal with underwater threats. When deployed with a carrier strike group or expeditionary strike group, destroyers and their fellow Aegis-equipped cruisers are primarily tasked with defending the fleet while providing secondary strike capabilities. Destroyers have been named for important navy personnel and heroes since .
Modern U.S. frigates mainly perform anti-submarine warfare for carrier strike groups and amphibious expeditionary groups and provide armed escort for supply convoys and merchant shipping. They are designed to protect friendly ships against hostile submarines in low to medium threat environments, using torpedoes and LAMPS helicopters. Independently, frigates are able to conduct counterdrug missions and other maritime interception operations. The U.S. Navy expects to retire and replace its current class of frigates by 2020 as the Littoral Combat Ships are introduced into operation. As in the case of destroyers, frigates are named after naval heroes.
Littoral Combat Ships are split between two designs and are expected to total around 40 ships when the program is complete.
In addition, , commissioned in 1797 and one of the original six frigates of the United States Navy, remains in commission at the Charlestown Navy Yard in Boston. She serves as a tribute to the heritage of the Navy, and occasionally sails for commemorative events such as Independence Day and various victories during the War of 1812. "Constitution" is currently the oldest commissioned warship afloat. is older, and in commission, but is in permanent drydock.
Submarines.
The primary missions of submarines in the U.S. Navy are peacetime engagement, surveillance and intelligence, special operations, precision strikes, battlegroup operations, and control of the seas. The U.S. Navy operates three types: ballistic missile submarines, guided missile submarines, and attack submarines. Ballistic missile submarines have only one mission: to carry and launch the Trident missile. Four ballistic missile submarines were converted to guided missile submarines, which have a primary mission of attacking targets on land. Attack submarines have several tactical missions, including sinking ships and other subs, launching cruise missiles, gathering intelligence, and assisting in special operations. Earlier attack submarines, such as the , are typically named for cities while "Ohio" class and later attack submarines are typically named for states. Attack submarines prior to the "Los Angeles" class were named for denizens of the deep, while pre-"Ohio"-class ballistic missile submarines were named for famous Americans (including foreigners with notable connections to the United States).
Aircraft.
Carrier-based aircraft are able to strike air, sea, and land targets far from a carrier strike group while protecting friendly forces from enemy aircraft, ships, and submarines. In peacetime, aircraft's ability to project the threat of sustained attack from a mobile platform on the seas gives United States leaders significant diplomatic and crisis-management options. Aircraft additionally provide logistics support to maintain the navy's readiness and, through helicopters, supply platforms with which to conduct search and rescue, special operations, anti-submarine warfare (ASW), and anti-surface warfare (ASuW).
The U.S. Navy began to research the use of aircraft at sea in the 1910s, with Lieutenant Theodore G. "Spuds" Ellyson becoming the first naval aviator on 28 January 1911, and commissioned its first aircraft carrier, , in 1922. United States naval aviation fully came of age in World War II, when it became clear following the Attack on Pearl Harbor, the Battle of the Coral Sea, and the Battle of Midway that aircraft carriers and the planes that they carried had replaced the battleship as the greatest weapon on the seas. Leading navy aircraft in World War II included the Grumman F4F Wildcat, the Grumman F6F Hellcat, the Chance Vought F4U Corsair, the Douglas SBD Dauntless, and the Grumman TBF Avenger. Navy aircraft also played a significant role in conflicts during the following Cold War years, with the F-4 Phantom II and the F-14 Tomcat becoming military icons of the era. The navy's current primary fighter and attack airplanes are the multi-mission F/A-18C/D Hornet and its newer cousin, the F/A-18E/F Super Hornet. The F-35 Lightning II is presently under development and was scheduled to replace the C and D versions of the Hornet beginning in 2012. Initial operational capability of the F-35C is now expected to be February 2019. The Navy is also looking to eventually replace its F/A-18E/F Super Hornets with the F/A-XX program.
The Aircraft Investment Plan sees naval aviation growing from 30 percent of current aviation forces to half of all procurement funding over the next three decades.
Weapons.
Current U.S. Navy shipboard weapons systems are almost entirely focused on missiles, both as a weapon and as a threat. In an offensive role, missiles are intended to strike targets at long distances with accuracy and precision. Because they are unmanned weapons, missiles allow for attacks on heavily defended targets without risk to human pilots. Land strikes are the domain of the BGM-109 Tomahawk, which was first deployed in the 1980s and is continually being updated to increase its capabilities. For anti-ship strikes, the navy's dedicated missile is the Harpoon Missile. To defend against enemy missile attack, the navy operates a number of systems that are all coordinated by the Aegis combat system. Medium-long range defense is provided by the Standard Missile 2, which has been deployed since the 1980s. The Standard missile doubles as the primary shipboard anti-aircraft weapon and is undergoing development for use in theater ballistic missile defense. Short range defense against missiles is provided by the Phalanx CIWS and the more recently developed RIM-162 Evolved Sea Sparrow Missile. In addition to missiles, the navy employs Mark 46 and Mark 50 torpedoes and various types of naval mines.
Naval fixed-wing aircraft employ much of the same weapons as the United States Air Force for both air-to-air and air-to-surface combat. Air engagements are handled by the heat-seeking Sidewinder and the radar guided AMRAAM missiles along with the M61 Vulcan cannon for close range dogfighting. For surface strikes, navy aircraft utilize a combination of missiles, smart bombs, and dumb bombs. On the list of available missiles are the Maverick, SLAM-ER and JSOW. Smart bombs include the GPS-guided JDAM and the laser-guided Paveway series. Unguided munitions such as dumb bombs and cluster bombs make up the rest of the weapons deployed by fixed-wing aircraft.
Rotary aircraft weapons are focused on anti-submarine warfare (ASW) and light to medium surface engagements. To combat submarines, helicopters use Mark 46 and Mark 50 torpedoes. Against small watercraft, they utilize Hellfire and Penguin air to surface missiles. Helicopters also employ various types of mounted anti-personnel machine guns, including the M60, M240, GAU-16/A, and GAU-17/A.
Nuclear weapons in the U.S. Navy arsenal are deployed through ballistic missile submarines and aircraft. The "Ohio"-class submarine carries the latest iteration of the Trident missile, a three stage, submarine-launched ballistic missile (SLBM) with MIRV capability; the current Trident II (D5) version is expected to be in service past 2020. The navy's other nuclear weapon is the air-deployed B61 nuclear bomb. The B61 is a thermonuclear device that can be dropped by strike aircraft such as the F/A-18 Hornet and Super Hornet at high speed from a large range of altitudes. It can be released through free-fall or parachute and can be set to detonate in the air or on the ground.
Naval Jack.
The current naval jack of the United States is the First Navy Jack, traditionally regarded as having been used during the American Revolutionary War. On 31 May 2002, Secretary of the Navy Gordon R. England directed all U.S. naval ships to fly the First Navy Jack for the duration of the "War on Terror". Many ships chose to shift colors later that year on the first anniversary of the September 11, 2001 attacks. The previous naval jack was a blue field with 50 white stars, identical to the canton of the ensign (the flag of the United States) both in appearance and size, and continues to remain in use with vessels of the U.S. Coast Guard and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. A jack of similar design was used in 1794, though with 13 stars arranged in a 3–2–3–2–3 pattern. When a ship is moored or anchored, the jack is flown from the bow of the ship while the ensign is flown from the stern. When underway, the ensign is raised on the mainmast. The First Naval Jack, however, has always been flown on the oldest ship in the active American fleet, currently .
Notable sailors.
Many past and present United States historical figures have served in the navy. Notable officers include John Paul Jones, John Barry (Continental Navy officer and first flag officer of the United States Navy), James Lawrence (whose last words "don't give up the ship" are memorialized in Bancroft Hall at the United States Naval Academy), Stephen Decatur, Jr., David Farragut, David Dixon Porter, Oliver Hazard Perry, Commodore Matthew Perry (whose Black Ships forced the opening of Japan), and Chester Nimitz, Admiral of the Pacific Fleet in World War II.
The first American president who served in the navy was John F. Kennedy (who commanded the famous "PT-109"). Others included Lyndon B. Johnson, Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, and George H.W. Bush. Both Theodore Roosevelt and Franklin D. Roosevelt were the assistant secretary of the navy prior to their presidencies. Many members of Congress served in the navy, notably U.S. Senators Bob Kerrey, John McCain, and John Kerry. Other notable former members of the U.S. Navy include astronauts, entertainers, authors and professional athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="20518089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518089" title="Diego Romano">
Diego Romano

Diego Sebastián Romano (born 11 March 1980 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Ergotelis F.C. in the Greek Super League. He plays midfield.
Club career.
Romano made one appearance for Newell's Old Boys in the Argentine Primera during the Apertura 2000 tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20518095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518095" title="Goldman v. Weinberger">
Goldman v. Weinberger

Goldman v. Weinberger, , was a United States Supreme Court case in which a Jewish Air Force officer was denied the right to wear a yarmulke when in uniform on the grounds that the Free Exercise Clause applies less strictly to the military than to ordinary citizens.
Background.
Goldman joined the United States Air Force as an inactive reserve in 1973. He received a Health Professions scholarship to work towards a PhD in Psychology at the Loyola University of Chicago. Subsequently, Goldman entered service at March Air Force Base in Riverside, California as a commissioned officer and clinical psychologist at the on-base mental health clinic. As an Orthodox Jew and rabbi, Goldman's faith required him to wear a yarmulke to show that he is aware that God is a higher power and above him.
For years, Goldman wore his yarmulke without controversy by staying near his station at the clinic and wearing his service cap above the yarmulke while outdoors. In 1981, however, he was required to testify as a defense witness at a court-martial. As a result, the prosecution witness was discredited, and subsequently a government attorney lodged a complaint. Subsequently, his commanding officer at the hospital, Colonel Joseph Gregory, informed him that he was violating Air Force Regulation 35-10, which states that "headgear will not be worn... while indoors except by armed security police in the performance of their duties." The officer then ordered him to not wear the yarmulke while in uniform outside the hospital.
Goldman refused this order, and instead his attorney filed a complaint to the Air Force General Counsel. Gregory then ordered that Goldman cease wearing his yarmulke even when within the hospital. Goldman requested to be allowed to report for duty in civilian clothes until the issue was settled in court, but he was denied this and was threatened with court-martial. It was at this point that Goldman sued the Secretary of Defense, Caspar Weinberger for Free Exercise Clause violations. He was favored at the District Court of Washington, D.C., but that decision was reversed in the Court of Appeals. The Supreme Court granted the writ of certiorari.
Supreme Court decision.
Because Goldman alleged that this was a Free Exercise violation, he indicated that the defense had to pass the "Sherbert" test: by demonstrating a "compelling interest" for the violation. He then submitted evidence that there was not a compelling interest for preventing the display of religious apparel, because it presented no danger to military discipline. However, the Court decided against him on a 5-4 decision. The majority opinion, written by Rehnquist, held that this was of no consequence- it contended that the Sherbert test did not apply because the Free Exercise Clause and even the First Amendment in general did not apply to the military in the same way that it did to civilian society. The justification for this was a need to "foster instinctive obedience, unity, commitment, and esprit de corps." The dissenters argued that the decision gave too much deference to the military's judgment and that some judicial scrutiny of military necessity claims should be required.
Congressional response.
In the court's ruling it was only decided that the Constitution failed to protect the freedom to wear religious apparel in uniform- it did not outright bar it. This distinction gave Congress the power to enact legislation that would reverse the policy. Allowing "neat and conservative" religious apparel accommodations had been in consideration since 1985, following the cases' ruling in the Court of Appeals. Proposals to do so failed during the case's trial period, but finally succeeded in 1988 through a provision to the annual National Defense Authorization Act. It provides for a general rule that "a member of the armed forces may wear an item of religious apparel while wearing the uniform of the member's armed force." The bill containing the provision was passed by both houses of Congress and signed into law by President Ronald Reagan.

</doc>
<doc id="20518097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518097" title="Mark Lamb">
Mark Lamb

Mark William Lamb (born August 3, 1964) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. He is currently the head coach of the Swift Current Broncos of the Western Hockey League (WHL). Lamb was born in Ponteix, Saskatchewan, but grew up in Cadillac, Saskatchewan.
Playing career.
Lamb was drafted 72nd overall in the 1982 NHL Entry Draft by the Calgary Flames. Lamb would go on to play just one game for the Flames before signing with the Detroit Red Wings in 1986. In his one season with Detroit, Lamb played 22 regular season games. Lamb was claimed by the Edmonton Oilers in 1987 where he spent a total of five seasons, winning the Stanley Cup with them in 1990. Lamb was then claimed in the 1992 NHL Expansion Draft by the Ottawa Senators and served as the team's co-captain alongside Brad Shaw during the 1993–94 NHL season. On March 5, 1994, Lamb was traded to the Philadelphia Flyers for the Flyers' 1988 first round pick Claude Boivin and minor league goaltender Kirk Daubenspeck. He played play just 27 games for the Flyers before he was traded to the Montreal Canadiens for cash. He finished his career with four seasons in the International Hockey League with the Houston Aeros and one in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga in Germany for Landshut EV. In total, Lamb played 403 regular season games in the National Hockey League, scoring 46 goals and 100 assists for 146 points.
Coaching career.
Lamb retired as a player in 2000. A year later he returned to Edmonton as an assistant coach. In 2002, Lamb moved to the Dallas Stars under the same role. Following a season which saw the Stars finish out of the playoffs with a record of 36-35-11. Mark Lamb is now the head coach of the Swift Current Broncos.
Career statistics.
</pre>

</doc>
<doc id="20518102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518102" title="Format18">
Format18

Format18 () was an extremely violent Russian neo-nazi group based in Moscow, that was suspected of being involved in the murder of almost 600 immigrants in less than a year. It was led by the nazi-skinhead Maxim Martsinkevich, and had close relations with the political party National Socialist Organization.
F18 was known for posting videos on their website containing racist attacks, humiliating interviews with their political opponents (mostly militant anti-fascists). When the Russian police shut down their website in 2007 after arresting Martsinkevich, they had posted nearly 200 videos. A lot of them can still be found on filesharing websites like YouTube and AOL Video. They are believed to be the group that started the trend among Russian neo-nazis of taping their attacks on immigrants and posting them online.
Format18 has appeared in several documentaries about Russian neo-nazis, like "From Russia with hate", and "Ross Kemp on gangs".
Their website re-opened earlier this year, but was quickly shut down by the police again. A few months later, a group calling themselves "Fanat18" started posting videos of throwing molotov cocktails at the homes of immigrants, and other hate crimes. The people behind these videos are believed to be former members of Format18.
Origin of name.
The number 18 is a coded reference to Adolf Hitler, as A is the 1st and H is the 8th letter of the Latin alphabet.

</doc>
<doc id="20518117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518117" title="Alex Levinsky">
Alex Levinsky

Alexander "Mine Boy" Levinsky (February 2, 1910 – September 1, 1990) was an American-born Canadian professional ice hockey Defenseman who played nine seasons in the National Hockey League for the Toronto Maple Leafs, Chicago Blackhawks and New York Rangers. He received his unusual nickname from his father, who would attend his son's games and shout "That's mine boy" He was born in Syracuse, New York, but grew up in Toronto, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="20518129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518129" title="Phil Watson">
Phil Watson

Joseph Philippe Henri Watson (April 24, 1914 in Montreal, Quebec – February 1, 1991) was a professional ice hockey player and coach in the NHL.
Coaching career.
Soon after retiring as a player Phil Watson became a coach. He was Head coach of

</doc>
<doc id="20518133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518133" title="Miguel Sebastián Garcia">
Miguel Sebastián Garcia

Miguel Sebastián Garcia, nicknamed "Pitu", (born 27 January 1984 in Santa Fe) is an Argentine football midfielder who plays for Superleague Greece club Atromitos. He started his career in Unión de Santa Fe, base in his hometown, from which he was loaned firstly to Palestino and subsequently to Iraklis. After being released by Unión de Santa Fe he played for a brief period for Aris in the Greek Superleague, before returning on a free transfer to Iraklis during the 2010 winter transfer window.
Club career.
Iraklis.
Pitu joined Iraklis on loan during the summer of 2007. He made his league debut for his new club in a match against Atromitos for the fifth round of the 2007-08 season, as he replaced Giannis Papadopoulos in the 56th minute of the match. He continued to appear regularly for the club until the end of the season and he even managed to score his first goal for Iraklis, in a match against OFI. It was a crucial, match deciding, goal, scored in the injury time of the match, disengaging Iraklis from the relegation battle. In the end of the season he counted 1 goal out of 20 league appearances.
Aris.
On 31 August 2009 Pitu signed for Aris on a free transfer. He made his debut for Aris in an 1-1 away draw against Panthrakikos, as he replaced his teammate Neto in the 76th minute. Pitu scored his only goal for Aris in a cup match against Aspropyrgos. He contributed in Aris' campaign as, in a match against AEL, he hit the corner by which his teammate Sebastian Abreu scored the equaliser for his team. He managed to appear in total of 10 matches for Aris before being released by the club on 1 February 2010.
Iraklis.
On the very same day of his release Pitu signed a contract with former cub Iraklis. The debut in this second spell for Iraklis was made in a local derby match against PAOK that ended 1-1. Until the end of the season he featured in a total of ten games for Iraklis.
Atromitos.
Following the Iraklis's relegation, he joined Greek First Division side Atromitos on 29 June 2011, signing a two-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="20518148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518148" title="Islam Awad">
Islam Awad

Islam Awad () (born 2 July 1987) is an Egyptian footballer who currently plays for Zamalek SC as a midfielder as well as Egypt national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20518152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518152" title="ED Moratalaz">
ED Moratalaz

ED Moratalaz is a football team based in Madrid in the autonomous community of Community of Madrid. Founded in 2006, it plays in the Primera de Aficionados. Its stadium is Nuevo La Dehesa with a capacity of 2,500 seats.
History.
Escuela Deportiva Moratalaz is created in the year 2006 by the merger of two teams:
Club Deportivo Moratalaz and Escuela Deportiva Unión de Moratalaz.

</doc>
<doc id="20518186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518186" title="Toyota RegiusAce">
Toyota RegiusAce

The Toyota RegiusAce is a minivan sold primarily in the Japanese market, and is related to the HiAce.
The first Regius Ace was introduced August 1999 with different versions called the Regius Hiace and Regius Touring Hiace sold at Toyopet and Vista dealerships. The Regius Ace uses a cab over setup, meaning that front seat passengers sit on top of the front axle and the 1TR-FE engine is located underneath the floor and between the front passengers. 
When the "Vista" sales network was replaced by the "NETZ" sales network, the Regius Ace was sold exclusively at the Netz Store. The first generation H100 series was manufactured between 1999-2004.
The second generation series H200 was completely restyled and is currently in production. Transmission choices are a 5-speed manual transmission or a 4-speed automatic, with the gearshift lever integrated into the instrument panel so as to allow front seat passengers access to the rear of the vehicle from the inside. A moderate restyle was completed November 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20518192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518192" title="National Unity (Ireland)">
National Unity (Ireland)

National Unity was an Irish nationalist political study group in Northern Ireland.
Nationalism in Northern Ireland in the late 1950s was dominated by the Nationalist Party. This effectively operated as a network of elected politicians. Its attempt to build a rank-and-file movement, the Irish Anti-Partition League, had ceased to function in 1956 and was wound up in 1959. Although a few former members had formed local branches of the Nationalist Party, most were unorganised, while the only checks on and support for the politicians were conventions held before each election in order to select candidates. 
In response to this, Michael McKeown and Queen's University of Belfast lecturer James Scott founded National Unity in 1959 and organised events calling for radical changes in Irish nationalism. The organisation encouraged the Nationalist Party to increase its level of activity, for it to appeal to Unionists, and also to try to draw young Irish republicans away from violence.
In order to appeal to Unionists, National Unity called for nationalists to draw up a blueprint of a united and independent Ireland, and for all nationalists to unite and build a national organisation. This had little impact on the Nationalist Party, so in 1962, National Unity renewed its call, declaring that it might contest elections where no candidate clearly stood for an alternative to the current constitutional situation.
The organisation did not ultimately stand any candidates, but finding that the Nationalist Party was unresponsive, it worked with Gerry Quigley, Secretary of the Irish National Teachers' Organisation, to call a conference of all nationalists.
The conference was held on 19 April 1964 in Maghery. It was well attended, although Nationalist Party leader Eddie McAteer rejected his invitation, and other Nationalist MPs were reluctant to accept criticisms raised of them. The conference founded the National Political Front, into which National Unity dissolved itself.

</doc>
<doc id="20518201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518201" title="Milt Halliday">
Milt Halliday

Samuel Milton Halliday (September 21, 1906 - August 16, 1989) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Ottawa Senators from 1926 until 1929, and was a member of the Stanley Cup-winning team of 1927.
Playing career.
Born in Ottawa, Ontario, Halliday made the jump to NHL hockey from the amateur ranks of the Ottawa Gunners of the Ottawa City Hockey League, joining the hometown Ottawa Senators for the 1926–27 season. Halliday would play on a line with Hec Kilrea and Jack Duggan. That season, the Senators would defeat the Boston Bruins in the Stanley Cup championship, in the first final series between two NHL teams. 
In the following two seasons, Halliday would split his time between the Senators and minor pro teams in London, Ontario and Niagara Falls, Ontario of the Canadian Pro minor league. After the 1928–29 season, Halliday would not play in the NHL again, traded by Ottawa to Hamilton, Ontario of the International League. He would play the rest of his career for various minor professional teams of the International League and the Can-Am leagues. He left professional hockey in 1936 to return to Ottawa, where he played two seasons as a reinstated amateur player for the Ottawa Montagnards of the Ottawa City League before retiring from competitive hockey.

</doc>
<doc id="20518250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518250" title="Northern Ireland Assembly Commission">
Northern Ireland Assembly Commission

The Northern Ireland Assembly Commission (usually referred to as the Assembly Commission) is the corporate body of the Northern Ireland Assembly. The commission is headed by the Speaker of the Northern Ireland Assembly, currently William Hay MLA.
Establishment.
The Northern Ireland Act (1998) established a Northern Ireland Assembly. The Act provides for the creation of a Commission to make "arrangements for administrative, secretarial or other assistance" to the Assembly. The Act defines the Presiding Officer (styled Speaker in the manner of the old Parliament of Northern Ireland) as the chairperson of the Commission. Legal proceedings taken for or against the Assembly are taken for or against the Commission on behalf of the Assembly.
The Assembly staff assigned to this body now form an enlarged Commission Secretariat.
Responsibilities.
The Commission has responsibility for the pay and pensions of members both directly and through tax-payer funded appointees. The first ever Act of the Assembly was to do with members pensions and was taken through its Assembly stages with very little ado by a member of the Commission. The members of the commission are party appointees who receive a substantial premium over and above the basic MLA salary. This body also has an interest in the provision of property, staff and services to support Assembly members, Parliament Buildings and grounds.
Commission membership.
The Commission consists of the Speaker along with five other Assembly members.

</doc>
<doc id="20518252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518252" title="Witch Crafty">
Witch Crafty

Witch Crafty is the 60th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on March 14, 1955, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
A witch riding around on a broomstick crashes into a factory chimney and breaks her broom. Fortunately, the factory happens to be a broom factory, so she takes it in to get a new handle. Woody is working the night shift, and kindly makes a new handle for the broom. However, he insists that the witch pay him 50 cents for the broom, and will not allow her to have it until she does so. This prompts the witch to invent numerous schemes to get the broom back, all of which fail (and usually do no more than earn another reminder from Woody to pay the 50 cents).
Eventually, she relents and pays Woody a fake 50-cent coin. Woody lets her into the broom vault, and she discovers it is stacked with brooms, none of which respond to the words "And away we go!" (which are the words to make the broom fly). Woody, laughing, mimics her words, unknowingly holding onto the enchanted broom, which launches him out the open window.

</doc>
<doc id="20518266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518266" title="Private Eye Pooch">
Private Eye Pooch

Private Eye Pooch is the 61st animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on May 9, 1955, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
Professor Dingledong the taxidermist school instructor is about to teach his students "how to stuff a woodpecker in one easy lesson." For this purpose, he goes to a jail-like room with cells, and from one of these cells, he picks Woody. Escaping the nutty taxidermist's clutches, Woody is pursued by an unforgettable private eye, Strongnose the bloodhound. The remaining cartoon deals with the bloodhound's attempts to capture Woody, and with Woody's frustration of same. The chase leads through a hollow log, a railroad tunnel, a lumber yard, an ice machine and a door factory, and finally, back to the taxidermy school, where the instructor threatens to stuff the bloodhound for his failure. Woody intervenes, and he and Strongnose team up and lock up the professor, with plans to stuff him.

</doc>
<doc id="20518293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518293" title="Abdelaziz Tawfik">
Abdelaziz Tawfik

Abdelaziz Tawfik () (born 24 May 1986) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Smouha Sporting Club as a midfielder as well as Egypt national football team.
Tawfik played in the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship in the Netherlands.
He is the brother of Egyptian Premier League footballer and Zamalek Ahmed Tawfik.
Club career.
Tawfik's good spell at El Mansoura convinced ENPPI to lay an offer to win his services, although he was of little to no significance. The young midfielder quickly established himself in his new club and as a result joined the Egypt national football team squad. His good performances did not go unnoticed in Europe. Then he transferred to Al-Masry since the beginning of season (2011–2012).

</doc>
<doc id="20518296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518296" title="Gods of Metal (film)">
Gods of Metal (film)

Gods of Metal is a 1982 American short documentary film produced by Robert Richter. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20518313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518313" title="List of Louis Blériot medal winners">
List of Louis Blériot medal winners

The Louis Blériot medal is an aviation honor awarded by the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale (FAI), the international aviation record adjudicating body. The medal may be awarded up to three times every year to record setters in speed, altitude and distance categories in light aircraft. The award was established by 1936 in honor of Louis Blériot.

</doc>
<doc id="20518344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518344" title="Wilbert Hiller">
Wilbert Hiller

Wilbert Carl "Dutch, Wib" Hiller (May 11, 1915 – November 12, 2005) was a professional ice hockey player in the NHL.
He died of congestive heart failure in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20518353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518353" title="United States Senate election in Kentucky, 2010">
United States Senate election in Kentucky, 2010

The 2010 United States Senate election in Kentucky took place on November 2, 2010 alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Primaries for each respective party were held on May 18, 2010. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Jim Bunning decided to retire instead of seeking a third term. Republican nominee Rand Paul won the open seat.
Bunning's controversies.
In early 2009, incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Jim Bunning said he would need to raise $10 million for his re-election campaign. However, National Republican Senatorial Committee chairman John Cornyn pressured Bunning to retire due to concerns that he could lose a re-election bid. In July 2009, Bunning announced he would not run for re-election.
In February 2009, Senator Bunning stated that another justice could soon be appointed to the United States Supreme Court because Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who had been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer, would be dead within nine months, creating a significant amount of controversy, which resulted in an apology from Bunning.
In late May 2009, Bunning called fellow Kentucky Senator and Republican Minority Leader Mitch McConnell a "control freak" and suggested that he did not need McConnell's endorsement. He has also challenged Lexington Herald Leader editor John Stamper to an arm wrestling match over a question of being "fit to serve."
Additionally, Bunning created further controversy in February 2010 when he objected to a proposal of unanimous consent for an extension of unemployment insurance, COBRA, and other federal programs, citing that this extension was not pay-as-you-go. He proposed an amendment which sought to find the funds to pay for the bill from the Stimulus Bill of 2009, and declared that he supported the unemployed, but that a bill such as this only added to the growing deficit and that it should be paid for immediately. Senator Bob Corker joined Bunning, while other senators worked to cease his objections. When Senator Jeff Merkley urged him to drop his objections to vote on a 30-day extension of benefits, Bunning responded "tough shit." Bunning finally agreed to end his objection to the bill in exchange for a vote on his amendment to pay for the package. It failed 53–43 on a procedural vote. The extension of unemployment benefits then passed by a vote of 78–19.
Republican primary.
Campaign.
On August 20, 2009, a grassroots-planned moneybomb raised $433,509 for Rand Paul's campaign in a 24-hour period. According to Paul, this set a new record in Kentucky's political fundraising history (for a 24 hour period). Republican Liberty Caucus endorsed Paul in November 2009. On December 22, 2009, Rand Paul picked up the endorsement of Concerned Women for America. Paul has embraced the Tea Party movement, and has promoted "small government principles," one day after he officially entered the race for Kentucky's open seat. Paul has run a strong anti-Washington message. One commercial tied Grayson as part of the problem, noting that Grayson raised money with AIG executives in Washington. In another advertisement, Paul had also attacked Grayson as a career politician and a liar.
Grayson created a new website that attacked Paul for his "strange ideas," such as his opposition of the PATRIOT Act, and what Grayson alleged to be his support of closing down Guantanamo Bay and saying that Iran was not a threat. He also attacked Paul for being a Duke University fan. He sent out another TV ad and web video that stirred controversy by making the case that Paul believes that foreign policy decisions made prior to September 11, 2001 are partially to blame for the attacks. Paul immediately responded by launching a statewide television ad in which he expresses his "outrage at terrorists who killed 3,000 innocents" before accusing Grayson of a "lie" and a "shameful" tactic. Grayson has accused the Fox News Channel of favoring Paul over him.
On May 18, 2010, Paul won the Republican nomination. After conceding the election to Paul, Grayson said, "It's time to put all differences aside, unite behind Dr. Paul, he needs our help and I for one stand ready to serve".
Democratic primary.
Campaign.
Mongiardo announced that he had received the endorsement of Governor Steve Beshear and has raised $420,000.
Due to Conway's large margin of victory in his state-wide campaign for attorney general, his fundraising ability, and the age difference between Conway and Bunning, Conway was described as a viable candidate.
Both candidates were against the Senate version of the Affordable Care Act. When Mongiardo said that "it was time to start over," he was criticized by Conway and labeled "Dr. No." Both candidates supported the final version. Attorney General Conway refused to join a lawsuit claiming that health care reform is unconstitutional.
On May 18, 2010, Conway won the Democratic nomination.
General election.
Candidates.
Kentucky's ballot access requirements allow Republicans and Democrats to run for office with two signatures, but require minor parties and independents to collect at least 5,000 signatures. The filing deadline for minor party and independent candidates was on August 10, and no candidate filed.
Some speculate that the reason why no minor party or independent candidate filed is because Paul's candidacy may have helped discouraged it. The Libertarian Party of Kentucky held its nominating convention for 2010 elections and failed to nominate a candidate for the U.S. Senate, as no one stepped forward to seek nomination to that office. Despite comments from some observers that Paul espouses Libertarian beliefs, the Kentucky Libertarian Party has issued an official press release stating "Rand Paul is not a libertarian" and detailing the differences between Paul's beliefs and Libertarian principles. Similarly, the Constitution Party of Kentucky has avoided the Senate race ostensibly because of Rand Paul's presence in that race and perhaps because of his more minarchist stance than Trey Grayson, especially if the latter had been the nominee.
Billy Ray Wilson, an independent of London, filed as a write-in candidate.
Campaign.
The campaign attracted $8.5 million in contributions from outside groups, of which $6 million was spent to help Rand Paul and $2.5 million to help Conway. This money influx was in addition to the money spent by the candidates themselves: $6 million by Paul and $4.7 million by Conway.
Before the final Paul-Conway debate, a MoveOn activist was stomped on by a Rand Paul supporter and a video of the event was later used in a Conway TV commercial. Paul and Conway condemned the attack and the supporter was banned from campaign events.
Paul was endorsed by The Kentucky Enquirer, The Richmond Register, and the Bowling Green Daily News; as well as by the National Federation of Independent Business, Council for Citizens Against Government Waste, National Right to Life, US Chamber of Commerce, National Vietnam and Gulf War Veterans Coalition, Mike Huckabee, and Tony Perkins/FRC Action PAC.
Conway was endorsed by the Courier-Journal and the Lexington Herald Leader.
Debates.
There were 5 televised debates between the two candidates. The he first debate on October 3, 2010, which was moderated by Chris Wallace, 
seemed to focus on President Obama's decisions during his 2 years as President. Paul stated, "I think his agenda is wrong for America. I will stand up against President Obama's agenda." Conway responded, "I am a proud Democrat. I'm certainly not going to be on the left of Barack Obama." At the time of the debate, the election's polls indicated the race was a dead heat.

</doc>
<doc id="20518356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518356" title="Bedtime Bedlam">
Bedtime Bedlam

Bedtime Bedlam is the 62nd animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on July 4, 1955, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
Woody Woodpecker operates a babysitting service when he receives a call for a babysitting job. Woody is shown the baby's crib and, after the parents leave the house, rushes to the refrigerator, makes some sandwiches, opens a few bottles of Coke, and settles down to enjoy the evening TV show in solid comfort. Just as he is completely relaxed and enjoying himself, he hears the baby cry. He opens his Baby-Sitters' Manual and ascertains that when the baby cries, you give him a bottle. He prepares the bottle, takes it to the crib, and, to his consternation, discovers that he is babysitting baby gorilla.
About to rush out of the house, he suddenly remembers the $50 fee, so he decides to stick it out. Following directions in the Baby-Sitters' Manual, he does everything in his power to get the baby gorilla asleep. The baby defies every rule, but Woody finally gets the baby asleep and settles down to await the arrival of his parents.

</doc>
<doc id="20518360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518360" title="Borislav Georgiev">
Borislav Georgiev

Borislav Georgiev (; born 17 July 1974) is a former Bulgarian footballer. In his career he played as a defender and defensive midfielder. 
Georgiev played for Sachsen Leipzig in Germany and for Kallithea F.C. and Levadiakos F.C. in the Greek Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="20518374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518374" title="¿Quién merece ser millonario?">
¿Quién merece ser millonario?

¿Quién merece ser millonario? (English translation: "Who deserves to be a millionaire?") is a Chilean game show based on the original British format of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?", shown on the Chilean television network Canal 13. The show was initially hosted by Don Francisco from 2006 to 2008, then by Sergio Lagos from 2008 to 2010. "¿Quién merece ser millonario?" was broadcast from 2006 to 2010.
The main goal of the game is to win 120 million Chilean pesos by answering 15 multiple-choice questions correctly. There are four lifelines: "Fifty-Fifty" ("50 y 50"), "Phone a Friend" ("llamado telefónico"), "Ask The Audience" ("La Votación del Público") and "Switch the Question" (previously "Three Of The Audience" ("los 3 del público"), where a contestant can ask three people from audience who claim that they know the correct answer). When a contestant got the fifth question correct, he/she will leave with a minimum of CL$250,000. When a contestant got the tenth question correct, he/she left with at least CL$3,200,000. There are only 6 contestants in the preliminary "Fastest Finger First" round.

</doc>
<doc id="20518394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518394" title="Şarkım Sevgi Üstüne">
Şarkım Sevgi Üstüne

"Şarkım Sevgi Üstüne" (My Song Is About Love) was the Turkish entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 1987, held in Brussels, Belgium. The song was sung by Seyyal Taner & Lokomotif in Turkish.
The song was performed tenth on the night, following Spain's Patricia Kraus with "No estás solo" and preceding Greece's Bang with "Stop". At the close of voting, it had received no points, placing 22nd and last in a field of 22.
It was succeeded as Turkish representative at the 1988 Contest by MFÖ with "Sufi".

</doc>
<doc id="20518395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518395" title="Leonardo Rodriguez Pereira">
Leonardo Rodriguez Pereira

Leonardo Rodrigues Pereira or simply Leonardo (born September 22, 1986 in Vila Velha, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors in the K-League. Leonardo usually plays as an attacking midfielder but can also play as a winger and a side midfielder.
AEK Athens F.C..
On July 30, 2009, Leonardo signed a five-year contract with AEK Athens. On August 20, Leonardo made his official debut for AEK, in the game versus Vaslui in the Europa League. Leonardo made his league debut in the 1–0 away win over Atromitos on August 30. He scored his first goal for AEK on 6 December, against Panionios.
In the Greek playoffs home 4–2 win against Aris Thessaloniki F.C., Leonardo came in as a substitute in the 51st minute and scored twice. AEK's next fixture was facing Aris again, held in Kleanthis Vikelidis Stadium. The score was 1–0 against AEK, and Leonardo (who had also come in as a substitute that match) made the score 1–1 and equalized in injury time, giving AEK an invaluable point. In the 2011/12 season, he played in 26 matches scoring 9 goals, and was the club top scorer in the league.
Personal life.
Leonardo is married to Raica Paulista, and the couple has one daughter. Leonardo who came to Greece at the age of 18 speaks fluent Greek.
Statistics.
"Last updated May 29, 2012"
Honors.
AEK Athens

</doc>
<doc id="20518400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518400" title="Buck Hill">
Buck Hill

Buck Hill is a ski hill in the north central United States, in the city of Burnsville, Minnesota, a suburb south of Minneapolis. It is one of three ski areas located within the Twin Cities metropolitan area, the others are Afton Alps and Hyland Ski and Snowboard Area. Buck Hill opened in 1954 and offers ski, snowboard, and tubing trails. Artificial snow is often utilized for maintaining the slopes, because while Minnesota's winters are cold, the snowfall is relatively low for a ski area, averaging less than per year.
Buck Hill faces east, overlooking the adjacent Interstate 35. The ski area is lighted for night skiing, and operates three chairlifts (2 quads, 1 triple) and multiple surface tows (trail map). The base area consists of a parking lot and a short strip of lodges. The ski runs use the east face of the physical hill, with the other sides occupied by residential housing, with a municipal water tower sharing the summit. The vertical drop of the ski area is a modest 262 feet (80 m).
History.
Buck Hill was named by early settlers, who noticed its summit was a gathering spot for Mdewakanton Dakota to watch male deer (bucks) drink at Crystal Lake.
The ski area was started by Chuck Stone, who discovered the sport as a child recovering from polio, and had worked as a lift attendant at Suicide Six in Vermont. Returning to Minneapolis, he wanted to start a ski area, and went to the public library to search out viable topography. The present ski area of Buck Hill was the tallest hill close to the Twin Cities, but was on private land, part of a remote farm owned by Grace Whittier. Stone (and his fiancée Nancy) convinced Ms. Whittier to lease them the property, succeeding where previous wooers had failed, and the ski area began operating in 1954. Ms. Whittier left the property to St. Olaf College, in Northfield, Minnesota upon her death.
World Cup racers.
World Cup ski racers Kristina Koznick and Lindsey Vonn learned to ski and race at Buck Hill. Koznick, now retired from international competition, was a top slalom racer. Vonn (née Kildow) races in all five disciplines and is dominant in the speed events. She is among the best female ski racers in history, with four overall World Cup titles (2008, 2009, 2010, 2012) and was the gold medalist in downhill at the 2010 Winter Olympics. She was also a double gold medalist in the speed events at the 2009 World Championships, taking the downhill and Super-G. As of March 2012, Vonn has 53 World Cup victories.
Both were coached by Erich Sailer, an energetic octogenarian from Austria who has been the racing coach at Buck Hill since 1969. Sailer was inducted into National Ski Hall of Fame in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20518407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518407" title="Square Shootin' Square">
Square Shootin' Square

"Square Shootin' Square" is the 63rd animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on September 26, 1955, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
Dapper Denver Dooley is running from the cops. He then hides the money he had stolen in a tree, where Woody had coincidentally lived. A chase happens between the duo.
Woody eventually gets Dooley arrested, who goes crazy in his prison cell.
Notes.
"Square Shootin' Square" marks Dapper Denver Dooley's first appearance, voiced by Dal McKennon. Eventually, Dooley would replace Buzz Buzzard, and in turn, be replaced by Gabby Gator, as Woody's main antagonist in the series. Also the same music from Hot Noon (or 12 O'Clock for Sure) can heard in the bar scene.

</doc>
<doc id="20518415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518415" title="Bygones">
Bygones

Bygones may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20518434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518434" title="To Live or Let Die">
To Live or Let Die

To Live or Let Die is a 1982 American short documentary film directed by Terry Sanders. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20518441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518441" title="Bunco Busters">
Bunco Busters

Bunco Busters is the 64th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on November 21, 1955, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
Captain Haddock from the Bunco Squad (Dal McKennon) serves as narrator, telling the viewing audience about "The Case of the Gullible Woodpecker." Woody (Grace Stafford) inherits a fortune and Con-man Buzz Buzzard (McKennon) decides to use every trick he can to swindle him out of his new wealth (including using a phony treasure map). Woody gets it back in the end when Buzz crashes through the ceiling and lands in a filing cabinet in the office of Captain Haddock, who "closes the file" on the case.
Quotes.
"Bunco Busters" contains one of the most memorable quotes in the "Woody Woodpecker" canon:

</doc>
<doc id="20518467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518467" title="The Tree Medic">
The Tree Medic

The Tree Medic is the 65th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on December 19, 1955, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
A tree surgeon halts his car in front of a hollow tree in the forest and hangs up a sign saying, "Doctor Is In." The tree, however, belongs to Woody, who is awakened by the surgeon's drill. Determined to protect his home, Woody jams a cake pan over the drill, which the surgeon tugs at furiously. The doctor then treats the tree with repeated intervention from Woody.
Production notes.
"The Tree Medic" marked another modification for Woody's look, as his bright green eye were replaced by black ovals. The diminutive woodpecker also shrunk in size even more, making him more stylized. It was this simple version of Woody that became his official look for the remainder of the series.
"The Tree Medic" marked Alex Lovy's return at directing a "Woody Woodpecker" cartoon since 1943's "The Dizzy Acrobat". He would continue directing shorts in the series until 1960's "Ballyhooey".

</doc>
<doc id="20518475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518475" title="Ulrik Christian Gyldenløve (1630–1658)">
Ulrik Christian Gyldenløve (1630–1658)

Ulrik Christian Gyldenløve (7 April, 1630 – December 11, 1658) was an illegitimate child of Christian IV of Denmark and his chambermaid and mistress Vibeke Kruse. 
In February 1645, Gyldenløve was given the estate Skinnerup gård by his father. He was not impressed with its name nor its derelict condition. He rebuilt the manor and renamed it Ulriksholm. He was subsequently made a count.
Gyldenløve was general of the Realm () and commander-in-chief of the Danish army during the Dano-Swedish War of 1657–1658. Ulrik led the charge of a student army against the Swedish army during the siege of Copenhagen in 1658. When the Swedes stormed Kallebodstrand in Copenhagen, where Gyldenløve had his headquarters, a bloody struggle was fought between the Danish-Dutch defenders and the Swedish-German attackers. Gyldenløve was slain by several enemy gunshots.
The "Gyldenløvesgade" streets in Copenhagen and Odense are named after him. Gyldenløve was remembered by the Danish nobility and peasantry as one of Denmark's foremost military commanders.
Christian V also had a son with the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="20518487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518487" title="Rovajärvi">
Rovajärvi

Rovajärvi is the main artillery practice range of the Finnish Army and the largest such range in Europe at 1110 km². It is located within the municipalities of Rovaniemi and Kemijärvi. A two-week general military exercise for artillery conscripts is arranged biannually in Rovajärvi.

</doc>
<doc id="20518495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518495" title="Harold Cotton (ice hockey)">
Harold Cotton (ice hockey)

William Harold "Baldy" Cotton (November 5, 1902 - September 9, 1984) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 12 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Toronto Maple Leafs and New York Americans.
Playing career.
Cotton's hockey career began in Pittsburgh after moving there to attend Duquesne University. In 1925 he began playing for the Pittsburgh Yellow Jackets of the United States Amateur Hockey Association while attending school. He would later sign with the NHL's Pittsburgh Pirates, playing with the club for parts of 4 seasons. He was traded to the Toronto Maple Leafs in the middle of the 1928-29 season and would record a career high 38 points the following year in his first full season with Toronto. Cotton won his only Stanley Cup playing for the Maple Leafs in 1931-32. In 1935 he was sold to the New York Americans and played for two more seasons until he retired in 1937.
Front office.
After playing professional hockey, Cotton served as a scout for the Boston Bruins and Minnesota North Stars, retiring from hockey permanently in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20518502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518502" title="1975 Rose Bowl">
1975 Rose Bowl

The 1975 Rose Bowl was a college football bowl game played on January 1, 1975. It was the 61st Rose Bowl Game. Fifth ranked USC Trojans defeated third ranked Ohio State Buckeyes 18-17 in one of the most exciting games in the history of the Rose Bowl. USC quarterback Pat Haden passed to Shelton Diggs for the two-point conversion that gave the Trojans the Rose Bowl victory and the UPI's college football national title.
Ohio State.
The defending Rose Bowl champs were the nation's top ranked team for much of the season, until they were upset by Michigan State at East Lansing on November 9 by a score of 16-13. Two weeks later, the Buckeyes earned the Rose Bowl berth with a 12-10 victory over Michigan, when kicker Mike Lantry's last second field goal attempt sailed just wide.
USC.
USC was upset by Arkansas 22-7 in Little Rock in the season opener, then reeled off 5 straight wins before a 15-15 tie at home against California. They won their final four games, the most dramatic being a season ending 55-24 win over Notre Dame in which the Trojans trailed 24-0.
Aftermath.
Undefeated Oklahoma was the #1 team in the AP poll, but were on probation so they could not go to a bowl game. The UPI poll did not consider teams on probabation, so going into the bowl games, they had Alabama #1, followed by Ohio State, Michigan, and USC. USC's dramatic Rose Bowl win enabled them to leapfrog both Ohio State and Michigan, and when Notre Dame upset Alabama in the Orange Bowl, 13-11, USC was voted #1 in the UPI poll.

</doc>
<doc id="20518504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518504" title="Traveling Hopefully">
Traveling Hopefully

Traveling Hopefully is a 1982 American short documentary film directed by John G. Avildsen. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20518515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518515" title="Stanmore College">
Stanmore College

Stanmore College is in the London Borough of Harrow and was established as a tertiary college in 1987. In 1993 all colleges in the post-16 sector ceased to be controlled by their local education authorities and Stanmore College became a Corporation funded by the Further Education Funding Council, and since 2001 by the Learning and Skills Council, which has been replaced by successor organisations: the Skills Funding Agency and the Young People’s Learning Agency. The College facilitates learning from Further Education (the Sixth Form) to Part-Time (Courses for Adults) and Employer Training. Its Sixth Form provides education to an average of 1,500 16-19 year old school leavers. Students come from the Borough of Harrow and a wide area beyond including a significant amount from Brent, Hertfordshire and Barnet.
Curriculum.
The College offers a wide range of vocational programmes and A levels and it has recently secured STEM Assured status – an outcome-based standard that quality assures scientific, technical, mathematical and engineering deli ery. It has excellent links with industry and ensures that its programmes include employability skills and students are informed of appropriate career paths to meet the requirements of the jobs of the future.
Recent years have seen Stanmore College operate with a sharpened focus on five areas, namely:
Stanmore College is responsive to the needs of local businesses and offers a wide range of courses and bespoke training to support these organisations. Whether a startup with an exciting new idea or an established business looking for fresh perspectives and skills, it can fill any training gaps with the commercial skills and knowledge required to help a business to flourish.
Expansion of the College.
The College is continuously updating its resources and buildings to offer industry standard equipment and facilities and has a newly refurbished Learning Resources Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20518520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518520" title="After the Ball (1956 film)">
After the Ball (1956 film)

After the Ball is the 66th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on February 13, 1956, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
Pierre Bear runs a bowling ball factory in the great North. Pierre mistakenly chops down Woody's treehouse and converts into a bowling ball. Despite this, Woody decides to still reside in it, and goes about trying to outwit the bear. Pierre uses a water hose, air pump, deep freeze and even hocus-pocus to evict the tree's tenant, but all he gets are knotted bowler's fingers. 
Notes.
According to the original order, "After the Ball" may have been the first "Woody Woodpecker" film that featured a shorter Woody with black dots for eyes. The original production number for "After the Ball" is U-52, while the previous film, "The Tree Medic" is U-53.

</doc>
<doc id="20518523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518523" title="Zdravko Popović">
Zdravko Popović

Zdravko Popović (born 2 January 1983) is a Croatian footballer who plays for AEK Athens in the Football League 2, as Forward.
Club Career.
He joined AEK in 2013, signing a 2-year contract, after playing for Simurq PFC in Azerbaijan Premier League.
His former clubs include NK Zagreb, NK Croatia Sesvete, OFI Crete and Levadiakos. He led Croatia Sesvete in goal-scoring in both of his seasons with the club, notching a total of 51 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20518524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518524" title="2003 Open Gaz de France">
2003 Open Gaz de France

The 2003 Open Gaz de France was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Stade Pierre de Coubertin in Paris in France that was part of Tier II of the 2003 WTA Tour. It was the eleventh edition of the tournament and was held from February 3 through February 8, 2003. Serena Williams won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="20518532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518532" title="Fearnville">
Fearnville

Fearnville is a small area of Leeds which has boundaries with Roundhay, Seacroft, Oakwood, Gipton and Harehills. Fearnville is commonly described as being part of Roundhay or Oakwood, although it is classed as being in the Killingbeck and Seacroft ward.
Fearnville Leisure Centre.
Fearnville Leisure Centre, off of Oakwood Lane, is a fitness/leisure centre commonly used by residents from Fearnville and the surrounding areas. It offers a variety of facilities, such as swimming, gym and football. There is a crown green bowling club on the grounds.
Gipton Gala.
The Fearnville Leisure Centre playing fields are the location of the annual Gipton Gala. However, in 2010, there has been serious concern for the years gala, because of a group of travellers that set up a group of caravans on the fields a few weeks before the gala was set to happen. This is the first time, since the gala was reintroduced to locals, that there has been talk of cancelling the gala. However, they were moved off of the fields used for the gala by West Yorkshire Police on Monday 6 July 2010.
Fearnville Hall.
Fearnville Hall (sometimes referred to as Fearnville House) is a small country house, located off of Dib Lane, behind a row of houses on Dib Lane and the adjacent Fearnville Crescent. Fearnville Hall is a Grade 2 listed building, built in the early 19th century. The building is a two-story house, made with grit stone and ashlar with a slate roof. Currently, Fearnville Hall is in a very poor state of repair. The grounds of the house are open through the driveway off of Dib Lane, apart from part of a tree trunk placed in the driveway to try to deter fly tippers from using the ground. The grounds being open has meant that there has been much vandalism caused to the building, which has resulted in many of the windows and doors being covered with metal sheets.
Amenities.
Dib Lane is the main shopping parade in Fearnville. This shopping parade is split into two parts by houses and a pub, The Grange. The Grange pub is built on the site of an old manor house, and was named after the manor house, which sometimes causes people to confuse Fearnville Hall with The Grange. Dib Lane consists of many shops and takeaways, as well as a veterinary surgery, pharmacy and hair dressers. There is also a small shopping parade opposite Fearnville Leisure Centre which mainly consists of takeaways. On the boundary of Fearnville and Oakwood/Roundhay, there is a Co-op supermarket and small shopping parade as well as a McDonald's.

</doc>
<doc id="20518533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518533" title="Gerry Ehman">
Gerry Ehman

Gerald Joseph Ehman (November 3, 1932 – March 21, 2006) was a former NHL player and scout.
Ehman played in the National Hockey League for the Boston Bruins, Detroit Red Wings, Toronto Maple Leafs and the Oakland Seals/California Golden Seals. He played 429 regular season games in the NHL, scoring 96 goals and 118 assists for 214 points. He also played for various teams in the American Hockey League, Western Hockey League and the Quebec Hockey League. He died on March 21, 2006 of lung cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20518546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518546" title="Character comedy">
Character comedy

Character comedy is a method/genre used by some comedians. In character comedy the comedian performs as though he was a character created by him/her. A good deal of comedians have enjoyed fame from character comedy.

</doc>
<doc id="20518553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518553" title="CD Loeches">
CD Loeches

Club Deportivo Loeches is a football club based in Loeches in the Community of Madrid. Founded in 1968, it plays in the Primera Categoría Aficionados. Its stadium is "Nuevo Estadio" with a capacity of 1,500 seats, in Mejorada del Campo. 

</doc>
<doc id="20518565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518565" title="Conqueror-class ship of the line">
Conqueror-class ship of the line

The "Conqueror"-class ships of the line were a class of two 101-gun first rate screw propelled ships designed by the Surveyor’s Department for the Royal Navy.
Design.
The "Conqueror" class ships were designed in 1852 as two-decker 101-gun first rates in a period when many under-construction sail ships of the line were being redesigned to use screw propulsion in addition to sail. Two ships were subsequently completed, and .
Careers.
Both ships saw service in the Channel Squadron, and later in the Crimean War. Both were used to transport troops to Mexico in support of the French intervention there in 1861. HMS "Conqueror" was wrecked on Rum Cay whilst carrying this out, but without losses, and most of her machinery, guns and stores were subsequently salvaged. The advent of armoured ironclads, such as in the 1860s made the traditional ships of the line largely obsolete. HMS "Donegal" continued in service as a guard ship, in which role she took the last surrender of the American Civil War. She was hulked in 1886, and became part of the torpedo training school . She served until the establishment moved on shore in 1923, and was broken up in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="20518578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518578" title="Rudolph Kampman">
Rudolph Kampman

Rudolph "Bingo" Kampman (March 12, 1914 – December 22, 1987) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman in the NHL. He was born in Kitchener, Ontario.
Awards and achievements.
1942 Stanley Cup Championship (Toronto)

</doc>
<doc id="20518593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518593" title="Chief Charlie Horse">
Chief Charlie Horse

Chief Charlie Horse is the 68th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on May 7, 1956, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
Woodcarver Woody Woodpecker specializes in wooden Indians and wooden nickels who is hard at work on his latest creation: a life-sized statue of an Indian chief, which, by coincidence, is an exact likeness of notorious bandit Chief Charlie Horse. The telephone rings, and a customer asks if Woody has any wooden Indians for sale. Woody replies that he has one he has just finishing.
Meanwhile, outside Woody's shop, all is confusion as the sheriff and his posse are trying desperately to capture Chief Charlie Horse. They cart the wooden Indian away, believing him to be the real thing. Woody believes that the sheriff is the customer who telephoned, and he thinks that he has been slightly overpaid. Now Chief Charlie Horse himself enters Woody's shop, seeking a hiding place. The sheriff, realizing that made an error, returns to Woody's shop to search for the live Indian. Charlie hides the statue in a crate, and then, when the sheriff enters the room, he poses as the wooden Indian. Both Woody and the sheriff fall for the trick and believe that Charlie has gotten away. The sheriff takes back the reward money, and Woody starts to work on his model again. When Woody has finished, he tacks a "sold" sign on the carving, and Charlie lets out a resounding yell. Thinking that the real Indian is the wooden Indian, the sheriff throws Charlie out of jail.

</doc>
<doc id="20518600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518600" title="Siniša Gagula">
Siniša Gagula

Siniša Gagula (born January 3, 1984) is a Bosnian football player currently playing for FK Laktaši. He also holds Croatian citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="20518607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518607" title="Nyman's model">
Nyman's model

Nyman's model was developed by John A. Nyman in 2003 and presents an alternative view of moral hazard in the context of private health insurance in the United States. Nyman is professor of Economics at the University of Minnesota. 
His theory proposes that private health insurance acts as an income transfer between the sick and the healthy. As a result, the more moral hazard there is, the more money available for income transfer to the people who really need it. In other words, moral hazard in the private health insurance industry makes health care more affordable. He counters the arguments that moral hazard is always welfare decreasing and that voluntary purchasing of health insurance makes people worse off. Moreover, the utility lost by the healthy via premiums is less than the utility gain by the sick who receive that income transfer.

</doc>
<doc id="20518608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518608" title="LS8">
LS8

LS8 can be an abbreviation for :

</doc>
<doc id="20518612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518612" title="United Nations Public Service Awards">
United Nations Public Service Awards

The United Nations Public Service Award is the most prestigious international recognition of excellence in public service. It rewards the creative achievements and contributions of public service institutions that lead to a more effective and responsive public administration in countries worldwide. Through an annual competition, the UN Public Service Awards promotes the role, professionalism and visibility of public service.
Establishment of the UNPSA.
In 2003, the United Nations General Assembly, in its resolution A/RES/57/277,
designated June 23 as the United Nations Public Service Day to “celebrate the value and virtue of public service to the community”. The UN Economic and Social Council established that the United Nations Public Service Awards be bestowed on Public Service Day for contributions made to the cause of enhancing the role, prestige and visibility of public service.
The United Nations Millennium Declaration emphasized the role of democratic and participatory governance in assuring the rights of men and women to “live their lives and raise their children in dignity, free from hunger and from the fear of violence, oppression, or injustice”. It also noted that good governance within each country is a prerequisite to “making development a reality for everyone and to freeing the entire human race from want”.
Experience demonstrates that without good governance, nationally or internationally, and an efficient, competent, professional, responsive and highly dedicated public service, sustainable development and livelihood are jeopardized. The former UN Secretary-General, in his speech at the World Youth Forum in 1998, stressed the importance of public service by encouraging the world’s youth to enter into this field. He said, “In this changing world of new challenges, we need, more than ever before, dedicated and talented individuals to enter public service. More than ever before, we need people like you sitting here today, to make the choice of service to humankind.”
Purpose of the Awards.
The overall purpose of the United Nations Public Service Awards is to recognize the institutional contribution made by public servants to enhance the role, professionalism, image and visibility of the public service (Economic and Social Council decision 2000/231). It can be translated into the following more specific objectives:
Who is eligible.
All Public organizations/agencies at national and sub-national levels, as well as public/private partnerships and organizations performing outsourced public service functions, are eligible for nomination. The United Nations Public Service Awards take into consideration a geographical distribution of five regions. In order to level the playing field for nominations received from countries with varying levels of development and income, the following five regions have been established:
Nominations have to be made by another entity than the institution being nominated, i.e. self nominations will not be accepted. Eligible nominators include: Government departments and agencies; universities, non-governmental organizations, professional associations, etc. Purely scientific innovations, e.g. in medical or environmental science, do not qualify for the United Nations Public Service Awards.
The deadline to apply for the 2009 UN Public Service Awards Programme is 15 January 2009.
UNPSA categories and criteria.
In 2011, the United Nations Public Service Awards will be given in the following four categories:
Category 5 : Promoting gender responsive delivery of public services
For a description of the categories and application criteria, see UPAN Public Service Awards 565
Application process.
The application process consists of two steps.
UN Public Service Awards Ceremony.
UN Public Service Awards' winners are recognized during UN Public Service Day on 23 June of every year at a high-level event held in New York at UN Headquarters. UN Public Service Day intends to celebrate the value and virtue of public service to the community; highlight the contribution of public service in the development process; recognize the work of public servants, and encourage young people to pursue careers in the public sector. Since the first Awards Ceremony in 2003, the United Nations has received an increasing number of submissions from all around the world.
Management of the UNPSA Programme.
It is managed by the Division for Public Administration and Development Management of the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20518615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518615" title="Night Raid">
Night Raid

Night Raid (foaled 1918 in England) was a Leading sire in Australia of Thoroughbred racehorses. He sired two leading racehorses, namely Phar Lap and Nightmarch.
He was sired by the Doncaster Cup and Goodwood Cup winner, Radium and his dam Sentiment was by the Epsom Derby winner and good sire, Spearmint. Radium was the sire of several stakes winners including Clarissimus, who won 2,000 Guineas Stakes. Sentiment's only stakes winner was Night Raid. He was line-bred to Galopin in the 4th and 5th generation (4m x 5f).
Although well bred, Night Raid was only moderately successful on the racecourse, not winning any of his six starts in England, but he did finish third in a Nursery Selling Plate. In Australia he had twenty-nine starts for one win and a dead heat.
Stud record.
Night Raid served one season at stud in Australia during 1923 and then resumed racing. He was retired to stud in New Zealand in 1924. His legacy as a sire is outstanding. Night Raid sired two great racehorses, namely Phar Lap and Nightmarch, victors in the successive Group One, Melbourne Cup in 1929 and 1930.
In all Night Raid sired 13 stakeswinners that had 75 stakeswins, including: 
plus Aesulus, Lady Graceful, Pillow Fight, Peter Jackson and The Cardinal all of which were good horses in their own right.

</doc>
<doc id="20518618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518618" title="Walker-Hackensack-Akeley High School">
Walker-Hackensack-Akeley High School

Walker-Hackensack-Akeley High School (WHA) is a public high school located in Walker, Minnesota. It is part of Independent School District #113. Students come from Walker, Hackensack, Akeley, Onigum, and Laporte, Minnesota.
The school offers honors classes as well as Post Secondary Enrollment Options. PSEO is a Minnesota Department of Education program that allows qualifying high school juniors and seniors to take college classes for high school credit at no cost to the student. Foreign languages at WHA include Spanish for grades ninth through twelfth and German, although being phased out, for eleventh and twelfth grades.
Athletics.
The school has football, volleyball, girls and boys soccer, girls and boys basketball, wrestling, hockey, baseball, softball, boys and girls golf, boys and girls track, and cheerleading teams.
Speech.
The WHA speech team has competed for 44 years. In those 44 years, participants have earned 209 state speech medals, 39 state championships, and speakers have competed 32 times on the national level.
WHA has a number of National Forensic League Academic All-Americans including:
At the 2007 state tournament, the WHA speech team had a record five state champions including Rachel Swedburg, Beth Tuller, Sara Johnson, Laryssa Schoeck, and Matt Privratsky. The WHA team also had a record number of state medals with 17 total medals in 2007. In 2008, the WHA speech team won the section tournament for the 17th consecutive year.
At the 2008 NFL National Qualifying tournament, a record six speakers qualified for the NFL National Tournament in Las Vegas, Nevada in June 2008. These speakers were Beth Tuller, Bridget Corson, Marilyn Corson, Rachel Swedburg, Stephanie Stine, and Tia Massar. At the tournament, Bridget Corson was the first WHA speaker to make quarter-finals in a national event. She received 26th place in Extemporaneous Commentary.
In the 2010 speech season, WHA won sections for the 20th year in a row.
Theater.
WHA has a theater department, which as performed plays including:
Music.
WHA's music department consists of a concert band, stage band, and concert choir who each perform a winter and spring concert every year. They also compete in a fall solo contest and spring ensemble contest.

</doc>
<doc id="20518624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518624" title="Lavallette School District">
Lavallette School District

The Lavallette School District is a community public school district that serves students in kindergarten through eighth grade from Lavallette, in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States.
As of the 2008-09 school year, the district's one school had an enrollment of 138 students and 16.9 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 8.2.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "DE", the fifth highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
Students in public school for grades 9-12 attend Point Pleasant Beach High School in Point Pleasant Beach, as part of a sending/receiving relationship with the Point Pleasant Beach School District.
School.
The Lavallette Elementary School had an enrollment of 138 students as of the 2008-09 school year.
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="20518630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518630" title="Lammer">
Lammer

The Lammer river is a right tributary of the Salzach in Salzburg and is located below Hallein. The river rises in the "Tennengebirge" and flows from east to west, joining with the Salzach at Golling an der Salzach. 
The River Lammer is known for its very clean water and is very popular for wild water sportsmen. The length of the river is about .

</doc>
<doc id="20518651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518651" title="Serras de Sudeste">
Serras de Sudeste

Serras de Sudeste (English: "Southeastern Mountain Ranges") is a dissected plateau, also named Planalto Dissecado de Sudeste ("Southeastern Dissected Plateau") or Escudo Sul-Riograndense ("Shield of Rio Grande do Sul"), located in the southeastern portion of Rio Grande do Sul state in southernmost Brazil, near Uruguay.
Geography.
Topography.
This plateau has hills and hillocks covered by grasslands, known as "coxilhas" ("cuchillas" in Spanish), whose highest levels do not exceed 600 metres (1,970 feet) in altitude. This plateau was formed in Precambrian time, divided by the Camaquã River in two main units, "Serra de Herval" and "Serra dos Tapes". This region has a triangular area between the cities of Porto Alegre, Jaguarão and Dom Pedrito, approximately.
It is an old plateau, whose tabular relief is preserved only in areas between some rivers.
There are three municipalities, in this region, whose their urban areas are situated above 400 metres (1,312 feet) of elevation: Caçapava do Sul, with 444 metres (1,456 feet), Pinheiro Machado, with 436 metres (1,430 feet), and Encruzilhada do Sul, with 432 metres (1,417 feet). With an urban area above 300 metres (984 feet) of elevation, there are the municipalities of Canguçu, with 386 metres (1,266 feet), Piratini, with 349 metres (1,145 feet), and Santana da Boa Vista, with 306 metres (1,004 feet).
One of the highest points in this range of hills is Cerro do Sandin, with an elevation of 510 metres (1,673 feet), located in the municipality of Piratini.
Climate.
The climate of this region is subtropical or temperate ("Cfa"/"Cfb"), with mild to warm summers and cool winters, with frequent frosts and fog. The rainfall is well distributed throughout the year, but occasional droughts can occur and snow is uncommon (snow flurries usually occur once or twice a decade). The last snowfalls occurred on September 4, 2006, and on September 5, 2008, in some municipalities of the region.
The average annual temperature in Serras de Sudeste is between 16 °C (60.8 °F) and 18 °C (64.4 °F), and the average annual precipitation is about 1,400 mm (55.11 in). In the areas above 300 metres (984 feet) of elevation, the hottest month, January, has an average temperature of 21 °C (69.8 °F), and the coldest month, July, has an average of 11 °C (51.8 °F). In the lower areas of this plateau, the hottest month has an average between 22 °C (71.6 °F) and 24 °C (75.2 °F), and the coldest month has an average temperature between 11 °C and 12 °C (53.6 °F).
Vegetation.
This plateau is located in the ecoregion of the Uruguayan savanna, and consists mostly of grasslands, with low and herbaceous vegetation (pampa) and areas of palm savanna, gallery forests along rivers, and enclaves of submontane forest. Small groves of cultivated trees by the silviculture (Babylon willow, eucalyptus, pine, cedar, cypress, acacia, poplar and platanus) and native trees (Brazilian cherry, butia, Brazilian pepper, cockspur coral tree and araucaria angustifolia) are also found.
Fauna.
Grazing mammals of the hill range include the Pampas deer ("Ozotoceros bezoarticus"), the gray brocket or guazuvirá deer ("Mazama gouazoubira"), the capybara ("Hydrochoerus hydrochaeris"), the world's largest living rodent, and the Pampas fox ("Lycalopex gymnocercus"), and birds include the greater rhea ("Rhea americana") and the red-winged tinamou ("Rhynchotus rufescens").
Hydrography.
Serras de Sudeste is part of the watershed of the Camaquã River.
Tourism.
This region has been visited by many tourists due to the beautiful rural landscapes, with many inns among the hills. The city of Piratini, located in Serras de Sudeste, was the first capital of the Riograndense Republic, a former republic in the 19th century.
Economy.
The main economic activities of the region are: agriculture, animal husbandry, mining and viticulture, with production of wines of high quality, due to the characteristics of the soil and climate. Tourism is also economically significant.
The silviculture has had great economic importance, with the afforestation of grasslands with eucalyptus, pine and acacia, utilized in the logging industry.
Highways.
There are three Brazilian federal highways in the region: BR-116, BR-392 and BR-293.

</doc>
<doc id="20518653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518653" title="Kingsajz">
Kingsajz

Kingsajz is a 1987 cult Polish comedy fantasy film directed by Juliusz Machulski. The action takes place in contemporary Poland (late communistic period) and in a fictional Lilliputian kingdom called Szuflandia (Drawerland), hidden deep in the undergrounds of the Quaternary Research Institute. The movie is a strong and evident allegory of a communistic regime and thus was received very enthusiastically by anti-communist society. Kingsajz is considered to be one of the best Polish comedies and also one of the most important and socially significant pictures of the 1980s. It is also noticed as unreachable ever since in Polish cinema example of using highly oversized props and sets, supervised by production designer Janusz Sosnowski, made to capture a difference of size between lilliputs and used by them things from Kingsajz world. Drawerland sets were built in Łódź Studio soundstages as wall-to-wall set-construction. Some scenes were optically enhanced by a matte painting, made by artists from Barrandov Studios.
Title.
Name of the film, "Kingsajz", is actually "King Size" with spelling altered so, that it would be pronounced correctly in Polish. Such alteration of spelling of foreign, especially English words is considered amusing in Poland. In the movie Kingsajz is a name of a world of grown men in opposition to the Drawerland where liliputs live, as in Drawedland everything is miniature and mediocre and outside it everything is king size. Also a green potion that allows a liliput to became "big man" for a certain period of time was called Kingsajz.
Plot.
Olo Jedlina (Olo is informal for Olgierd) was born a liliput and serving Drawerland government he was permitted to visit Kingsajz. However after getting few drops of potion that made him human-sized he decided to stay in Kingsajz for good and drinking human soda drink called Polo-Cockta regularely he avoids shrinkink back into liliput size. He becomes a journalist in popular magazine and a boyfriend of attractive model and lives a peaceful life although in Drawerland he is considered traitor and refugee.
His close friend Adaś Happs (Adaś is informal for Adam) is a scientist that once helped to produce Kingsajz potion, rebelled and escaped too. Hiding in Kingsize he works in his secret laboratory to break the potion formula hoping to be able to manufacture it one day and deliver to all liliputs in Drawerland.
The movie starts when Adaś finally discovers the secret and has to immediately escape from his lab which is being demolished by liliput agents that tracked him down. He manages to contact Olo and tell him everything but before they meet Adaś is being kidnapped right in front of Olo. Before that happens however he puts the vial into a pocket of Ala that unknowingly to Olo was also called there by Adaś.
Olo follows her wanting to get the vial with Kingsajz but Ala doesn't trust him at their first meeting and just shows him empty pocket with a hole in it. She follows him for a while and when they meet at a fashion show in which Olo's girlfriend takes part Ala reveals that she still has a vial and gives it to Olo. It also turns out that she in fact designed the collection.
They both decide to free Adaś from Drawerland when he is being interrogated and tortured. They seek help of two others liliputs that concoct the plan and lead the rescue action but unfortunatedly both die before reaching Drawerland.
When Olo gets there alone and liliput-sized he allows himself to be captured and manages to fool Drawerland's high officials that he is in fact secret agent working on Adaś's case. He gives a name of liliput secret service official that he knew was killed very recently and tells it was his superior and only person that knew about Olo's assignment. Liliputs don't fully believe him but allow him to meet Adaś. Adaś gives him a message with Kingzajz formula encoded into it.
After that Olo manages to escape from Drawerland but the vial with Kingsajz which Adaś gave Ala earlier gets smashed so although he is free, he remains a liliput. Ala manages to decipher Adaś's message and knowing the potion ingredients she tries several times with different proportions but fails each time. When she is all resigned Olo manages to contact telepathically with Adaś and learns that water which is one of the ingredients must come from a rusty tap in Adaś'a flat.
When Ala goes there and gets water she manages to produce the potion seconds before liliput agents break into her flat to kidnap Olo. The potion works just at the right time for Olo to help the girl and knock down the agents.
Soon Adaś uses telepathy once more to call for help as Drawerland official deciphered his message too, accused him of treason and the rebel scientist is about to be executed. Olo and Ala manages to save him just in time and Olo goes to Drawerland human-sized to get his friend. There he faces three officials that were after him from the beginning. During the fight they give each other shrinking injections and keep fighting liliput-sized until all three officials are defeated.
Movie ends with Olo, Adaś, Ala and her father who also was a liliput traveling in a train. They are all happy and cheerful when they notice that train is in fact a model and through the window they see a giant figure of a boy playing with it. They are all terrified when it turns out that there is something more above Kingsajz.

</doc>
<doc id="20518667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518667" title="You Are Free (film)">
You Are Free (film)

You Are Free () is a 1983 West German short documentary film directed by Dea Brokman, in which five former U.S. Servicemen and a prison camp survivor give accounts of the liberation of the Nazi concentration camps in 1945. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20518693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518693" title="Basketball Federation of India">
Basketball Federation of India

Basketball Federation of India (BFI) is the governing and controlling body of Basketball in India. It is responsible for the development and promotion of the sport at all levels. BFI manages all the national level basketball operations in India. It is involved in organizing training camps and national tournaments, and in preparing Indian teams for both men and women international competitions in various age categories. The national team of India is also called as Young Cagers.
History.
First national level tournaments were organized in India in 1934. The India national basketball team became a member of FIBA in 1936. The governing body, BFI, was formed in 1950.
Current head of BFI is R.S. Gill.
Awards and recognition for Indian Basketball players.
The national basketball team|Indian basketball players have also won several trophies for their country. There are 17 Indian basketball players, who have been honored by the of India through the Award. 2 players was bestowed with Dhyan Chand Awards for lifetime achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="20518699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518699" title="Golf course turf">
Golf course turf

Golf course turf is the grass covering golf courses, which is used as a playing surface in the sport of golf. The grass is carefully maintained by a greenskeeper to control weeds, insects and to introduce nutrients such as nitrogen fertilization. The grass is kept at a constant height by mowing.
Nutrient management.
Nitrogen application timing.
Nitrogen is the nutrient required in greatest amount by turfgrass. During an autumn season, rates of nitrogen (N) application should be lowered to consider previous application’s residual available nitrate (NO3−) and mineralization (inorganic N), especially if there is substantial organic matter which releases its supply of sequestered N.
In the spring, heavy nitrogen applications for the first two months caused changes in color, but the nitrogen response by the grass was not maintained and a decrease in color was found as the growing season progressed. Spring fertilization can increase the tiller numbers of the grass compared to fall fertilization.
In the fall, application of nitrogen fertilizer caused improved color retention and early spring coloration. Year-to-year differences in nitrogen loss during the fall result from differences in temperature and precipitation. Lower levels of nitrogen loss during fall were found when it was warmer (more plant uptake) and dryer (less loss due to leaching).
The quality and color of turf will increase with nitrogen application amount. Both of the high rates created darker green turf throughout the duration of the experiment. There is a positive correlation between high levels of nitrogen fertilizer used on turf and turf quality for any level of wear.
Environmental quality.
Groundwater and air quality should be considered when applying fertilizer and pesticides to turf.
Fate of nitrogen.
Turf growth at the time of nitrogen application has an impact on nitrate (NO3) leaching risk. For example, grass uptook more N during active growth while uptake was limited in newly seeded turf. In another study, nitrogen applied after 15 September (of an northern-hemisphere autumn) caused relatively little plant growth, resulting in increased NO3 - N concentration in percolate water.
Areas made of sod undergo greater leaching than seeded turf plots. They attributed these differences to less root development in sod which resulted in less uptake of N by the plants. They also found that deep- rather than shallow-rooted grasses absorbed nitrogen more effectively. Additionally, the authors found that nitrogen uptake for loamy sand was greater than a sandy loam because the turf rooting systems were denser in the loam sand.
A highly soluble fertilizer, containing nitrogen in its nitrate form, such as ammonium nitrate, can create leaching three to seven times greater than United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) limits of (10 ppm) NO3-N during a time of ten to twenty-five days following nitrogen application. Hummel and Waddington, 2001, found that a slow release nitrogen fertilizer application could provide nitrogen over a long duration and keep nitrogen leaching and volatilization losses to a minimum. A further study demonstrated that after fertilizer application, nitrogen losses exceeded EPA limits.
Photoperiod (the length of daylight) affects overall plant uptake. When the length of daylight gets shorter, grass undergoes less photosynthesis and uptakes less nitrogen. To prepare the surface for the following year, high levels of nitrogen application need to be undertaken at the end of the growing season (such as the southern United States) and increase the risk of nitrate leaching. For example, greater water percolate concentrations of NO3 - N resulted from a late autumn application programme during a New England experiment.

</doc>
<doc id="20518706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518706" title="PGO waves">
PGO waves

Ponto-geniculo-occipital waves or PGO waves are phasic field potentials. These waves can be recorded from the pons, the lateral geniculate nucleus (LGN), and the occipital cortex regions of the brain, where these waveforms originate. The waves begin as electrical pulses from the pons, then move to the lateral geniculate nucleus residing in the thalamus, and then finally end up in the primary visual cortex of the occipital lobe. The appearances of these waves are most prominent in the period right before rapid eye movement sleep (or REM sleep), and are theorized to be intricately involved with eye movement of both wake and sleep cycles in many different animals.
Discovery.
The discovery of PGO waves goes back to 1959, when three French scientists released their scientific article of their study of these waves in animal test subjects. Although at this time, they did not have a specific name for this neurological phenomenon.
It was not until the published work of two American scientists that these waves became known as PGO waves. Their research focused on the propagation of these waves in cats, noticing that these field potentials started in the pons, propagating down to the lateral geniculate nucleus and the occipital lobe.
Other studies with these waves have been done on rats as well. Scientists tried to discern whether the rats had PGO waves, but learned that they are present only in the pons, and wave propagation does not excite any neurons in the lateral geniculate nucleus. As a result of this study, PGO waves are known as P waves in rodents.
PGO waves have been studied mostly through cat and rodent animal models. Despite the focus of the research, PGO waves have been found to exist in other mammalian species including humans and nonhuman primates, such as the macaque and baboon.
Detection of PGO waves.
In the original experiments, PGO waves (or P waves in rodent models) are found by placing electrodes inside the brain, next to either the pons, lateral geniculate nuclei, or occipital lobe. Along with electroencephalography (EEG) recording techniques, scientists are also able to show the correlation between other brain waves associated with REM sleep and PGO waves.
Although scientists know they exist, PGO waves have not been detected in healthy humans due to the ethical concerns about accessing these areas where the readings need to be taken from. However, advances in deep brain stimulation has made it possible to put electrodes inside the brains of humans with different pathologies and make EEG recordings of different nuclei. Due to the similarities with the animal models, we can infer that PGO waves are happening at the same frequency in human EEGs. Thus, scientists can infer that PGO waves exist in humans.
Mechanism for PGO wave generation and propagation.
The neurophysiological studies on PGO waves conclude that the generation of these waves reside in a collection of neurons located in the pons, regardless of species research is done on. From this point, the neurons branch out in a network that leads the phasic electrical signal toward the lateral geniculate nucleus and the occipital lobe.
Within this network, there are two types of neuronal groups: executive neurons and modulatory neurons.
Executive neurons.
These neurons are the ones that help to generate and propagate the PGO waves throughout the brain. One research paper further breaks down this "class" of neurons into two subsets: triggering neurons and transfer neurons. All of these neurons are located in the peribrachial area, which is a group of neurons surrounding the superior cerebellar penduncle.
Triggering neurons.
These neurons are located in the caudolateral region of the peribrachial area. These neurons actively fire during non-REM (NREM) sleep. The most recorded activity of the neurons is during the N3 stage of NREM, also known as the slow-wave sleep cycle. These same neurons are also active during REM sleep, but at a greatly reduced amplitude than NREM sleep.
Transfer neurons.
The neuronal cells that allow for the transfer of PGO waves from the pons to the other parts of the brain reside on the rostral portion of the peribrachial area. This grouping of cells fire in precisely two modes. The first mode is burst firing through low-threshold Calcium (Ca2+) ion channels. The other mode is a repetitive tonic firing through Sodium (Na+) dependent ion channels.
During the times when triggering neurons are firing, these cells receive those signals and begin increasing their firing. This, in turn, allows the wave to go out to the other portions of the brain.
Modulatory neurons.
As the executive neurons are firing, the spread of the wave is controlled by both excitatory and inhibitory inputs. These inputs come from the modulatory neurons, which help to regulate and control the amplitude and frequency of the wave. The following types of cells play a huge part in this control process.
Aminergic neurons.
Aminergic neurons are neurons that use monoamines as a neurotransmitter. This class of neurotransmitters is what keeps PGO wave amplitudes at very low levels during periods of a mammal being awake. The two specific aminergic neutransmitters are serotonin and norepinephrine.
Cholinergic neurons.
Cholinergic neurons are neurons that use acetylcholine as a neurotransmitter. Through different studies, these types of neurons have been proven to promote PGO wave generation, thus being an excitatory neuromodulator for triggering neurons.
Nitroxergic neurons.
Nitroxergic neurons use nitric oxide (NO) as a neurotrasmitter. In theory, the increase of nitric oxide is seen as an excitatory neuromodulator in PGO wave generation. This stems from animal testing that has shown increases in PGO waves as nitric oxide levels were increased in the pons.
GABA-ergic neurons.
GABA-ergic neurons use gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) as a neurotransmitter. These neurons are theorized to be inhibitory to aminergic neurons, and thus inhibitory to PGO wave propagation.
Vestibular nuclei.
The neurons within the vestibular nuclei region of the brain have been shown to provide excitatory bouts of PGO wave generation when stimulated. The tests showed that, while the vestibular nuclei aided in creating PGO waves, the excitation of this area of the brain was in no way needed for PGO wave formation.
Amygdala.
The neurons within the amygdala region of the brain have also been shown to provide excitatory bouts of PGO wave generation when electrically stimulated.
Suprachiasmatic nuclei.
The neurons within the suprachiasmatic nuclei region of the brain help to regulate REM sleep. The REM sleep cycle length causes the frequency of PGO waves to be phase locked.
Auditory stimulation.
The use of auditory stimulation has been shown to increase PGO waves during waking and sleeping cycles with neurons associated with transfers of auditory information. Even while the subject is awake and in total darkness, the amplitude of PGO waves increases by auditory stimulation. Another study also found that auditory stimulation increased the amplitude of PGO waves in slow-wave sleep and REM sleep and did not reduce the amplitude of the waves with repeated auditory stimulation. From this research, scientists can theorize that PGO wave generation from auditory stimulation contains a positive-feedback mechanism that can be excited by evoked PGO waves.
Basal ganglia.
The basal ganglia are a group of nuclei in the brains of vertebrates, situated at the base of the forebrain and strongly connected with the cerebral cortex, thalamus and pons. The basal ganglia are associated with a variety of functions, including arousal, motor control and learning. The main components of the basal ganglia are the striatum, pallidum, substantia nigra, and subthalamic nucleus (or subthalamus). This latter, glutamatergic nucleus is reciprocally connected with the PGO-transferring nuclei of the pons. In humans, subthalamic PGO-like waves, that resemble the PGO waves typically recorded in cats, can be recorded during pre-REM and REM sleep. This suggests that the subthalamus may play an active role in an ascending activating network implicated in the rostral transmission of PGO waves during REM sleep in humans.
PGO waves and REM sleep.
PGO waves are an integral part of rapid eye movement (REM) sleep. As stated earlier, the density of the PGO waves coincides with the amount of eye movement measured in REM sleep. This has led some researchers to further theorize about the usefulness of PGO waves for dreaming.
One key use of REM sleep is for the brain to process and store information from the previous day. In a sense, the brain is learning by establishing new neuronal connections for things that have been learned. Neurophysiological studies have indicated a relationship between increased P-wave density during post-training REM sleep and learning performance. Basically, the abundance of PGO waves translates into longer periods of REM sleep, which thereby allows the brain to have longer periods where neuronal connections are formed.
The importance of PGO waves during REM sleep also aids the idea of PGO waves as a signal that a person is dreaming. Since dreaming occurs during REM sleep, the PGO waves are theorized to be the signals that make the brain start to recount the experiences from the previous day. This, in turn, allows us to "see" our dreams since our visual sense is quickly going through the information it has stored.
For more information of the importance of PGO waves during REM sleep, please refer to Activation synthesis theory.
Future research.
The next big area to research regarding this topic is to understand what processes PGO waves are beneficial for in both states of sleep as well as consciousness. Although PGO waves are noticeably present during NREM sleep, some scientists believe they are also present during waking cycles. There is a possibility that PGO waves are essential for image correction of the eyes, since PGO waves are signals on a pathway that allow the motor cortex of the brain to interface with the vision system.
The other future interests in research of this topic are what PGO waves are precisely doing for us while we are dreaming. Some scientists theorize that PGO waves are essential for stabilizing the images that we have in our dreams. This theory comes from the eye movements that coincide with the readings from electrodes picking up PGO waves.
Also, scientists seek to discover how the presence of these signals fits in with the overall dreaming process. Research in PGO waves is of broad importance to neurophysiology because it involves the coordination of entire regions of the brain working together—coming from many different systems—to create our dreams, memories, and other experiences that we have.
Another area of potential research interest involves PGO waves during lucid dreaming.

</doc>
<doc id="20518715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518715" title="Anderson Gonzaga">
Anderson Gonzaga

Anderson Aparecido Gonzaga Martíns (born March 29, 1983 in Porto Feliz) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Sport Boys Warnes in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano.
In 2007, he arrived in Santa Cruz to play for Club Destroyers. The following year after having a fairly good season with the "canarios", he signed for Blooming, where he exceeded the expectations and finished as the topscorer in the Apertura tournament with 16 goals. He also scored two goals against Paraguayan club Olimpia in the preliminary stage of Copa Sudamericana 2008.
In August 2008, Gonzaga was transferred to Super League Greece club Panionios F.C. After an unsuccessful stint in Europe, he returned to Bolivia and signed for Bolívar in August 2009.
In July 2010 he transferred to Uruguayan club Danubio, where he played alongside Álvaro Recoba, who was also his teammate in Panionios F.C..
In July 2011 he joined Albirex Niigata in the J. League Division 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20518744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518744" title="Jarl Hjalmarson">
Jarl Hjalmarson

Jarl Harald Hjalmarson (15 June 1901, Helsingborg – 26 November 1993, Lidingö), was the leader of the conservative Swedish Rightist Party ("Högerpartiet"), today known as the Moderate Party, between 1950 and 1961.
Family.
Hjalmarson was the son of Major General Harald Hjalmarson, who helped to build up the Persian military and served in the Finnish Civil War. The elder Hjalmarson committed suicide after his return from Finland in 1918. Jarl Hjalmarson's mother was Blenda Hjalmarson, born Lindeborg. He married Eywor Dahlén in 1933 and had three sons, Torgils (born in 1936), Staffan (born in 1939) and Bo (born in 1943).
Career.
Hjalmarson became private secretary to prime minister Arvid Lindman from 1929 to 1930. From 1944, he was second deputy party leader in the Rightist Party. He became a member of the Parliament of Sweden's second chamber from 1947, after Professor Gösta Bagge. He became leader of the Rightist Party, following the retirement of the farmer and estate-owner Fritiof Domö, in 1950. 
During his time as party leader he managed to win improved election results for the Rightist Party in 1952, 1954, 1956 and
the two elections in 1958. In 1960 the Rightist Party lost seats and votes in the general election. This because on the issue of the new pensions system, that the party wanted to get rid of. After stern criticism inside the party, he made his intention public that he would stand down as party leader. This as soon as a new party leader had been chosen.
After his time as party leader, he served as governor of Gävleborg County from 1963 to 1971. He also served as a deeply respected mediator between Swedish labor and management to resolve labor conflicts. Later in his life, he became a vocal proponent for limiting the use of prisons, which he believed should only be used for the most dangerous criminals. He was also chairman of the Swedish Red Cross between 1970 to 1974.
When the Moderates started its party foundation for democratic aid and development they named it after Hjalmarson - Jarl Hjalmarson Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="20518759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518759" title="Calling All Cuckoos">
Calling All Cuckoos

Calling All Cuckoos is the 70th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on September 24, 1956, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
Herr Spring, a fat German cuckoo clockmaker, finds that after completion of a new clock, he now needs a cuckoo bird to occupy it. He therefore goes out into the Black Forest to find one. Woody Woodpecker hears the clockmaker calling, "Cuckoo, Cuckoo" as he enters the forest, and he decides to humor him, thinking him a little crazy. Woody pretends to be a cuckoo bird in order to live inside the clock and to upset the clockmaker's journey.
After a time, Woody's trapped inside a bird catcher's net, and takes delight in tormenting the clockmaker. A big brown bear, peacefully sleeping in the forest, is rudely awakened by a club in Woody's hands, swung from within the net, resulting in the bear taking his vengeance out on the German. From then on, it is a battle of wits between Woody and the clockmaker trying to capture the elusive Woody.

</doc>
<doc id="20518783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518783" title="Niagara Fools">
Niagara Fools

Niagara Fools is the 71st animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on October 22, 1956, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
The park ranger at Niagara Falls boasts about his impeccable record of enforcing the prohibition related to going over the falls in a barrel. Woody is in the crowd and instantly decides to attempt it. The ranger tries endlessly to prevent Woody from succeeding, but ends up in a barrel going over the falls himself each and every time, much to the delight of onlooking tourists, who cheer loudly. Eventually, the ranger takes his district with him. The end result has the entire crew going over the falls in barrels. Finally, Woody joins the ranger, dressed up as a police officer, and gives him a ticket for going down the falls in barrel.
Reception.
"Niagara Fools" became a massive hit in Brazil thirty years after its release, and is still popular in the country today.

</doc>
<doc id="20518799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518799" title="CF Gandarío Sanse">
CF Gandarío Sanse

Club de Fútbol Gandarío Sanse is a football club based in San Sebastián de los Reyes in the autonomous Community of Madrid. Founded in 2001, it plays in the Primera de Aficionados. Its stadium is Polideportivo Dehesa Vieja with a capacity of 1,000 seats.

</doc>
<doc id="20518806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518806" title="List of law schools in Pakistan">
List of law schools in Pakistan

This is a list of law schools in Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="20518808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518808" title="Robson Pereira de Andrade">
Robson Pereira de Andrade

Robson Pereira de Andrade, known as Robinho (born July 29, 1977), is a Brazilian football player currently playing for Arriana F.C.. After playing for Kavala F.C. for three years, he signed with Panthrakikos. He played there for five years in Gamma Ethniki and then promoted to the Beta Ethniki. Then a new promotion with Panthrakikos gave him the chance to play in Super League. Robinho stated that he fell in love with Komotini and the club. Although Kostas Vasilakakis, the new coach of Doxa Drama F.C., made him sigh the club, he also played to Ionikos in Athens. In 2010,he signed a team which is in a small village in Komotini called Aetos Arrianon and he gained a promotion to Delta Ethniki after finishing first both in regular season and play-offs of the local championship in Komotini with 77 points, 18 more than the second team Doxa Sosti and 22 more than the third team Spartakos Agion Theodoron.

</doc>
<doc id="20518813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518813" title="Sewing Woman">
Sewing Woman

Sewing Woman is a 1983 American short documentary film directed by Arthur Dong. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20518817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518817" title="Arts and Flowers">
Arts and Flowers

Arts and Flowers is the 72nd animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on November 19, 1956, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
Woody reads an enticing add in the newspaper that says GET YOUR PIECE OF ART HUNG IN A MUSEUM. Woody sounds interested, but his neighbor could do better. Woody first tries to paint a picture of a flower. The neighbor gets jealous and tries to paint the flower but Woody gets in front of him and paints it anyway.

</doc>
<doc id="20518824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518824" title="Shalini Chandran">
Shalini Chandran

Shalini Chandran is an Indian actress who is most famous for the role of Maithili in "Kahaani Ghar Ghar Kii". She also starred in "Hamari Betiyoon Ka Vivaah" as Tanya. She also performed in Kabhi Kabhii Pyaar Kabhi Kabhii Yaar. She is from a Tamil background. She can speak Hindi and English as well as some Tamil. She has done modelling and advertising assignments in addition to acting.
Shalini talks about her role of Maithili on this website below:
http://www.indya.com/news/apm_chat.html

</doc>
<doc id="20518830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518830" title="Pike Transit Initiative">
Pike Transit Initiative

The Pike Transit Initiative is a collaborative project in Northern Virginia between Arlington and Fairfax counties and the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority to bring transit improvements to the Columbia Pike corridor. Officially known as the Columbia Pike Transit Alternatives Analysis, the project began in 2003.
Pike Ride.
Pike Ride, a specially-branded set of bus lines, run along Columbia Pike to the Pentagon and Pentagon City Metro stations. Currently, over 14,000 people ride buses along Columbia Pike each day. Service is provided by Metrobus and Arlington Transit.
Streetcar.
In 2006, the Arlington and Fairfax County governments approved a "Modified Streetcar Alternative" for the corridor, which involves building a streetcar line while retaining extensive bus service.
The 4.7-mile streetcar line is expected to cost $138.5 million. The first streetcar was expected to begin service in 2011.
The Northern Virginia Transportation Authority approved $36.9 million for the streetcar in January 2008. However, since then, the Virginia Supreme Court ruled that the Authority may not collect taxes, as it isn't an elected body. This leaves funding for the streetcar project in limbo.
According to "Arlington Now" freshman County Board member Libby Garvey was the sole Board Member elected at the last election to oppose construction of a streetcar.
Garvey quoted mayor of Toronto Rob Ford's criticisms of streetcars, only to realize his credibility had been eroded due to a series of scandals.

</doc>
<doc id="20518850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518850" title="List of Fonejacker episodes">
List of Fonejacker episodes

The following is an episode list for the E4 series "Fonejacker". The series premiered on Comedy Lab with a pilot episode, and due to much popularity, a full series started on 5 July 2007, although the series was originally going to be aired in April at some point, but was delayed. A Christmas special was aired on 20 December of the same year. Then, in 2008, a second series began on 18 September. Both series have been released on DVD including special features such as Unseen Material and audio commentaries.
Each episode is approximately 23 minutes long.
Comedy Lab Pilot: 2006.
Comedy Lab Pilot Aired: May 2006
Series One: 2007.
Series 1 Aired: 5 July – 9 August 2007
Series Two: 2008.
Series 2 Aired: 18 September – 22 October 2008
Christmas Specials.
Christmas Message Aired: December 2006Christmas Special Aired: 20 December 2007

</doc>
<doc id="20518856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518856" title="Sergio Daniel Ponce">
Sergio Daniel Ponce

Sergio Daniel Ponce (born 9 January 1984 in San Martín, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Paniliakos F.C. in the Football League as a Attacking Midfielder, Right Winger.
Career.
Ponce began his professional playing career in 2004 with Chacarita Juniors in the Argentine 2nd division. Between 2008 and 2009 he was loaned to Greek side Panthrakikos F.C.. He returned to play for Chacarita Juniors in 2009 after the clubs promotion to the Primera División.

</doc>
<doc id="20518857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518857" title="Woody Meets Davy Crewcut">
Woody Meets Davy Crewcut

Woody Meets Davy Crewcut is the 73rd animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on December 17, 1956, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.

</doc>
<doc id="20518862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518862" title="Plant &amp; Food Research">
Plant &amp; Food Research

Plant & Food Research (Māori: Rangahau Ahumāra Kai) is a New Zealand Crown Research Institute (CRI). The institute was formed on 1 December 2008 by merging existing CRIs HortResearch and Crop and Food Research. 
The merged organisation has over 900 staff based at sites throughout New Zealand as well as science and business development staff working in the USA, Europe, Asia and Australia. 
The interests of the institute are based in horticulture, arable and seafood research, specifically in the areas of sustainable production, bioprotection, elite genetics & intelligent breeding, food and health science and biomaterials.
Areas of Research.
Breeding
New and novel plant varieties – "Pipfruit, kiwifruit, stonefruit, berries, potatoes, brassicas, onions, peas, cereals, hops and ornamentals."
Conventional breeding – "Over 300 hectares of research orchards and farms across New Zealand plus unique germplasm collections for key crops."
Functional genomics – "Molecular biology, genetic mapping, marker assisted selection, bioinformatics, metabolic profiling."
Consumer and producer trait targets – "Health, colour, texture, flavour, storage, flowering, shape, dwarfing, pest and disease resistance."
Postharvest
Smart packaging – "Biosensors and consumer-friendly packaging including ripeSense, now marketed by" Ripesense Limited.
Environmentally friendly pest and disease treatments and grading technologies – "Heat treatment (water or air) for insect disinfestation or pathogen reduction. Near Infra-Red (NIR) and non-destructive firmness grading technologies."
Hi-tech storage – "Modified atmosphere storage plus novel temperature manipulations and optimisation. Controlled atmosphere storage including dynamic CA storage."
Ripening control and monitoring – "Ethylene treatments (pre-ripening or conditioning), Ethylene antagonists" SmartFresh .
Freshcut innovation – "Technology that supports fresh-cut solutions with added food safety."
Sustainability & Bioprotection
Carbon efficiency – "Whole lifecycle analysis for key crops including kiwifruit and wine."
Soil ecology – "Soil and water management and modelling. Risk assessment."
Crop management tools – "Software tools that optimise inputs and interventions. CropLogic Potato Calculator and Spray Plan Manager."
Integrated pest and disease management – "IPM and IFP systems."
Pollination – "Artificial pollination, honeybee ecology, varroa mite resistance and natural varroa controls."
Non-chemical pest and disease control – "Biocontrols, pheromone-based insect mating disruption and trapping, Sterile Insect Technique."
Insect biology - "Biology, life history, behaviour and ecology of insects and mites."
Food & Health
Functional foods – "Plant-based foods and food ingredients that offer consumers health benefits beyond basic nutrition."
Superfruits and high health vegetable cultivars – "New, novel, natural plant cultivars with enhanced levels of health-promoting compounds."
Nutrigenomics and gastronomics – "Customised foods tailored to the needs of individuals based on their genetic profile."
Sensory evaluation – "Understanding and predicting future global consumer, market and technology trends through research into consumer behaviour and preferences."
High value seafoods – "New harvesting, postharvest, processing and storage technologies that improve the texture, taste and shelf life of key finfish, shellfish and crustacean species."
Major FRST Funded Research Programmes.
Better Border Biosecurity – in association with AgResearch, Scion, the National Centre for Advanced Bio-Protection Technologies, MAF Biosecurity, the Department of Conservation, Environmental Risk Management Authority New Zealand and the Forest Biosecurity Research Council.
A collaborative science programme delivering science-based solutions, new tools, technologies and knowledge to protect New Zealand's terrestrial plants. The programme supports the international competitiveness of New Zealand's export industries and protects natural, recreational and amenity estates from exotic pests and diseases.
Engineering Marine Molecules
Development of new extraction and molecular modification technologies for the industrial manufacture of marine protein and lipid products for use in food, biomaterials and nutraceuticals.
Exploiting opportunities from Horticultural Genomics
Identification of the genetic mechanisms involved in key plant traits to inform breeding programmes, including the establishment of technologies required for gene identification and marker characterisation.
Fashionable plants
Development of novel varieties and technologies for the high-value ornamental market.
Food-microbe-host interactions – in association with AgResearch
The development of a technological platform to generate knowledge about the interactions between food, the intestinal microbiome and the human genome. This knowledge will be used to develop new, value-added, export-focused SMART foods that deliver improved health, performance and well-being.
From Tools to Traits
Development of non-food and new food products with novel functional, health or colour properties derived from an improved knowledge and understanding of the carbohydrate and carotenoid pigment pathways of plants.
Lifestyle Foods"'
Developing knowledge, tools and concepts to enable industry to deliver healthy products for consumers, initially in the form of convenient snack foods, with good sensory appeal and targeted energy release capability.
Future Vegetables
The development of high value vegetables that can be produced sustainably and exported to world markets, including development of product concepts with enhanced consumer values and underpinned by new and improved production technologies that support economic and environmental sustainability.
Higher Value Seafoods
Increasing the value of seafood products through increased harvest recovery and creating niche products based on New Zealand seafood.
Kiwifruit Research Consortium – in association with ZESPRI Group Limited
Development of plant breeding, screening and evaluation technologies to increase number of cultivars developed in the breeding programme with reduced time to market.
Land Use Change and Intensification - in association with AgResearch
Developing improved tools and land management practices and decision support tools that enhance the productive capacity of agricultural land while retaining soil and groundwater quality.
Looking into fruit
Development of tools and technologies to measure quality attributes of fruit pre-harvest, reducing harvest losses and labour costs while maximising yield.
Low-impact disease control
Development of purpose-built disease management systems for the horticulture industry, incorporating biological, genetic and fungicidal controls applied according to disease risk.
New Berries
Identifying components of berryfruit with added health benefits and developing customised berryfruit products with high flavour and validated health-enhancing attributes.
Nutrigenomics – in association with The University of Auckland and AgResearch
Determining how food and food composition affects health based on genetic information, including developing gene-specific foods that prevent, control or cure disease. The initial target for the programme is Crohn’s disease and other inflammatory bowel disorders.
Pipfruit 2020 - a juicy future
An integrated research programme developed to underpin industry strategies for economic transformation through enhanced quality of fruit products and services, including building an understanding of consumer preferences and applying this knowledge to breeding programmes.
Premium kiwifruit: growing the future
Building fundamental understanding of carbon partitioning and development of fruit, leading to the development of innovative new kiwifruit technologies, to increase productivity and fruit quality.
Roots for Sustainability - in association with AgResearch
Identifying germplasm resources for breeding new and improved pastoral and arable crop cultivars with root systems that improve water and nutrient uptake, and reduce the impact of productive systems on the environment.
Sensor labels
Development of cost-effective horticultural packaging systems with ripeness indicators that conform to global food contact regulations.
Sustainable IPM"'
Reducing the reliance of New Zealand horticulture on broad-spectrum and persistent insecticides by developing alternative and sustainable means of controlling pests, and delivering produce that achieves the most stringent market requirements.
Sustainable Land Use Research Initiative (SLURI) - in association with Landcare Research and AgResearch
Developing tools and knowledge to quantify and value the function, quality and resilience of New Zealand’s productive soils and landscapes across a range of land uses for land management and policy purposes.
Taste the Future
Development of novel kiwifruit varieties to achieve premium prices, including maintaining an elite germplasm collection and identifying novel compounds and genes that can be used in producing high value flavour ingredients for foods and beverages.
Wellness Foods
Developing innovative foods based on combining the health-enhancing properties from fruits and vegetables.

</doc>
<doc id="20518865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518865" title="Division for Social Policy and Development">
Division for Social Policy and Development

The Division for Social Policy and Development (DSPD) is part of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs (DESA) of the United Nations Secretariat. The Division seeks to strengthen international cooperation for social development, particularly in the areas of poverty eradication, productive employment and decent work and the social inclusion of older persons, youth, family, persons with disabilities, indigenous peoples, persons in situations of conflict and other groups or persons marginalized from society and development.
The Division monitors national and global socio-economic trends, identifies emerging issues, and assesses their implications for social policy at the national and international levels. To this end, the Division:

</doc>
<doc id="20518870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518870" title="On Green Dolphin Street (song)">
On Green Dolphin Street (song)

"On Green Dolphin Street" (originally entitled "Green Dolphin Street") is a 1947 popular song composed by Bronisław Kaper with lyrics by Ned Washington. The song, composed for the film "Green Dolphin Street" (which was based on a 1944 novel of the same name by Elizabeth Goudge), went on to become a jazz standard after being recorded by Miles Davis in 1958. 
Other notable performers.
Other artists who have recorded the song include 

</doc>
<doc id="20518887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518887" title="Witch trial of Fuersteneck">
Witch trial of Fuersteneck

The town of Fuersteneck, near Grafenau in Bavaria, Germany, was the location of a witch trial in 1703. A record of the trial was obtained from the parsonage of Röhrnbach.
Accusation.
Afra Dickh (also written Afra Dick) was a serving girl at the Frueth farm in Wittersitt, part of the modern-day parish of Ringelai. The accusation made was of poisoning, bedevilment of humans and animals, associating with other witches and dealings with the devil. Co-accused were the 13 year old shepherdess Maria, who was also in service at the same farm and the widowed farmer Maria Kölbl, a mother of 15 from Neidberg near Ringelai.
Judgement.
On account of magic and arsony (in puncto veneficii et incendii), Afra Dickh was hanged by executioner Sebastian Fleischmann of Passau on 1 June 1703, at the place of execution in Fürsteneck near Perlesreut, and afterward burnt to ashes at the stake with 30 blocks of wood and 40 pounds of pitch.

</doc>
<doc id="20518899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518899" title="Aleix Vidal">
Aleix Vidal

Aleix Vidal Parreu (born 21 August 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for UD Almería as a forward.
Football career.
Born in Valls, Tarragona, Catalonia, Vidal signed for RCD Espanyol in 2008 but never appeared for its first team, finishing his only season with the club on loan to Greek outfit Panthrakikos FC. On 31 August 2009 he signed for Segunda División side Gimnàstic de Tarragona, but spent the vast majority of the season with Pobla de Mafumet CF, the farm team.
Vidal joined RCD Mallorca in the 2010 summer, being assigned to the Balearic Islands team's reserves in Segunda División B. In mid-June 2011, after his team's relegation, he joined another reserve team also in the same category, UD Almería B.
Vidal made his debut for the Andalusians' first team on 27 August 2011, against Córdoba CF. Shortly after he was promoted to the main squad and received the #8 jersey, following the departure of Albert Crusat to Wigan Athletic; in his second season he scored four goals in 37 games – 30 starts, nearly 2,600 minutes of action – as the club returned to La Liga after two years.
On 6 August 2013 Vidal renewed his link with Almería, until 2017. He made his top flight debut on 19 August, starting in a 2–3 home loss to Villarreal CF, and scored his first goal roughly a month later, in a 2–4 away loss to Atlético Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="20518900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518900" title="Uncial 0277">
Uncial 0277

Uncial 0277 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek-Coptic uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 7th or 8th century. 
Description.
The codex contains small parts of the Gospel of Matthew 14:22,28-29, on 1 parchment leaf (7.7 cm by 7.6 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 7 lines per page, in uncial letters, the leaf has survived in a fragmentary condition.
It uses pagination, the number of page is 44.
Location.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th or 8th century.
The manuscript was found in Egypt.
The text was published by Paola Pruneti in 1983.
Currently the codex is housed at the Instituto Papirologico "G. Vitelli" (PSI Inv. CNR 32 C ) in Florence.

</doc>
<doc id="20518901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518901" title="Lebanese Army Naval Academy">
Lebanese Army Naval Academy

The Lebanese Army Naval Academy ( "Madrasat al-Kouwat al-Bahriya") is part of the Lebanese Navy. The academy is located at Jounieh Naval Base, Jounieh, in the Keserwan District, and is responsible for the fundamental basic education of the officers and non-commissioned officers students in the fields of naval, military, scientific, and general culture studies.
History.
The naval academy was founded in 1972 and its mission was to organize the several educational offices dedicated to the naval expertise. Since early 1990s, the academy's programs have developed and increased in size, thus leading to several training courses given such as the naval rescue course, a training course for naval officers, diving and ciphering courses, in addition to a naval navigation course, a languages course, a training course on the radar and other.
Prior to 2003, all naval students used to take their courses abroad; however, since then the school started receiving students to follow the courses domestically. Nevertheless, some students are sent aboard for further education.
Organization & Structure.
The academy is organized as follows:
Academy System.
Volunteering students naval officers follow one year in the Military Academy where they learn the different military sciences, later they move back to the Naval Academy to follow a two years naval specialization. After that, the students graduate from the Military Academy.
The system for the non-commissioned officers is similar, as a NCO follows one year in the Teaching Institute, then moves back to the Naval Academy for two year of naval specialization. After the first year, students are divided onto different specializations:
Admission.
The academy accepts 10 students per year only, as the school's capacity is 150, and as of 2007, 21 officers and 10 non-commissioned officers have only graduated.
Requirements.
The admission follows the same admissions criteria of the Military Academy & the Teaching Institute, as student have to follow the first year in those academies according to their rank.
Training subjects.
The training subjects include navigation, maneuver, aerial monitoring, oceanology and naval signaling, in addition to long navigational training (for a period of about 10 days) outside Lebanese waters. Students also learn the certified naval protocol due to their needed objectives locally and internationally, with the naval laws and security precautions taken in the sea.
In addition, some of the major courses taken by the students include Math, Computer, Mechanics and engineering, while third year students train on naval ships for a period of one month.
When it comes to NCOs, more emphasis is put on the scientific and technical materials, that's in addition to the military sciences, health sciences, International law, International Humanitarian Law, general knowledge, along with French and English language.
Teachers.
The teachers in the academy are mainly Navy officers according to their specialization, in addition to ground forces officers for the subjects related to infantry, artillery, and armor; however, when it comes to the subjects related to general culture and sciences, doctors from the Lebanese University on loan from the Military Academy teach the subjects. Moreover, teachers from the French Cultural Center are responsible for teaching the French courses.
The academy also occasionally hosts special workshops by foreign teams, these workshops are usually attended by the navy officers and soldiers, in addition to personnel from the Navy SEALs Regiment if concerned.

</doc>
<doc id="20518905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518905" title="Serge Michel Odzoki">
Serge Michel Odzoki

Serge Michel Odzoki (born 29 December 1948) is a Congolese politician. A member of the Congolese Labour Party (PCT), he is a journalist by profession and worked for years as a diplomat before serving in the government of Congo-Brazzaville as Minister of Sports and Youth from December 2007 to September 2009. He has been a Deputy in the National Assembly since 2009.
Biography.
Odzoki was born in Ouesso. He studied in France and earned a degree in journalism. Back in Congo, he worked as a journalist; he was the press attaché to the Presidency of the Republic from 1979 to 1981, as well as editor in chief at National Congolese Broadcasting and deputy editor at National Congolese Television. He then served as Director of National Congolese Broadcasting from 1984 to 1986. Subsequently, he was Deputy Delegate of the Congolese Embassy to the Agency of Cultural and Technical Cooperation (ACCT) from 1986 to 1993, as well as Deputy Permanent Representative of Congo to UNESCO and cultural and press counsellor at the Congolese Embassy in France. In 1997, he became the interim "chargé d'affaires" at the Congolese embassy in Germany, holding that post for ten years.
In the June–August 2007 parliamentary election, Odzoki was elected to the National Assembly as the PCT candidate in the first constituency of Ewo. He received 32.67% of the vote in the first round against 22.28% for Yvon Norbert Gambeg of the Club 2002-PUR; in the second round of voting, he defeated Gambeg, receiving 62.65% of the vote. Following the election, he was chosen as First Vice-President of the Education, Culture, Science and Technology Commission in the National Assembly in September 2007. He was subsequently appointed to the government as Minister of Sports and Youth on 30 December 2007.
Odzoki was dismissed from the government on 15 September 2009; he was succeeded at the Ministry of Sports by Jacques-Yvon Ndolou on 21 September 2009. He then returned to his seat in the National Assembly. At the PCT's Sixth Extraordinary Congress in July 2011, he was elected to the PCT's 51-member Political Bureau and designated as the PCT's Secretary for Communication and Spokesman.
In the July 2012 parliamentary election, Odzoki was re-elected to the National Assembly as the PCT candidate in the first constituency of Ewo; he won the seat in the first round of voting, receiving 60.43% of the vote. In September 2012, he was again designated as First Vice-President of the National Assembly's Education, Culture, Research, Science, and Technology Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="20518921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518921" title="Lucrezia Landriani">
Lucrezia Landriani

Lucrezia Landriani (born ca. 1440), was the mistress of Galeazzo Maria Sforza, Duke of Milan, and the mother of his renowned illegitimate daughter, Caterina Sforza, Lady of Imola, Countess of Forlì. Lucrezia had three other children by the Duke, and two by her husband.
Biography.
Lucrezia was the wife of Count Gian Piero Landriani, a courtier at the ducal court and a close friend of Galeazzo Maria Sforza (24 January 1444- 26 December 1476), son of Francesco Sforza, Duke of Milan and Bianca Maria Visconti, Duchess of Milan. Galeazzo Maria would become Duke of Milan upon the death of his father on 8 March 1466. 
Lucrezia was born in Milan around 1440; nothing further, however, is known of her early years, or her parentage. A contemporary portrait of Lucrezia painted by Domenico Veneziano, shows her to have been quite beautiful, with blonde hair, blue eyes, a high forehead, and fine features. She bore her husband Gian Piero two children, a son Piero Landriani, who later became castellan of the fortress of Forlimpopoli; and a daughter, Bianca Landriani, who married Tommaso Feo, castellan of Ravaldino Castle and the brother-in-law of Caterina Sforza. Lucrezia became Galeazzo Maria's mistress sometime around 1460, when he was sixteen years of age.
She bore Galeazzo Maria at least four children:
Lucrezia's children were legitimised and raised at the ducal court, alongside Galeazzo's legitimate children by his second wife Bona of Savoy. They were, however, entrusted into the care of their paternal grandmother, Bianca Maria Visconti. The most gifted, and remarkable child of Galeazzo and Lucrezia was Caterina, who was instructed in the arts of diplomacy and warfare by her grandmother. These were necessary skills in the political ambience of 15th century Italy, which was marked by intrigue, treachery, assassinations, and continuous strife, caused by the intense rivalry of the city-states and their rulers.
On 26 December 1476, Galeazzo Maria Sforza was stabbed to death inside the church of San Stefano in Milan. His only legitimate son by Bona of Savoy, Gian Galeazzo Sforza, succeeded him as Duke of Milan. 
Lucrezia Landriani died on an unknown date.

</doc>
<doc id="20518925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518925" title="Princess Margaret School">
Princess Margaret School

Princess Margaret School (founded 1955) is a secondary school in St. John's, Antigua. Its principal is Colin Green.

</doc>
<doc id="20518935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518935" title="Christos Charalabous">
Christos Charalabous

Christos Charalabous (; born October 3, 1981 in Limassol) is a Cypriot football player who plays for Aris Limassol.

</doc>
<doc id="20518939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518939" title="Chinese-Danish relations">
Chinese-Danish relations

Chinese-Danish relations may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20518943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518943" title="Green Dolphin Street (disambiguation)">
Green Dolphin Street (disambiguation)

Green Dolphin Street may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20518946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518946" title="Charles S. Desmond">
Charles S. Desmond

Charles Stewart Desmond (December 2, 1896 – February 9, 1987), was an American lawyer and politician from New York. He was Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 1960 to 1966.
Life.
Desmond was born and died in Buffalo, New York. He was the son of Patrick Desmond and Katherine (Jordan) Desmond. He graduated A.B. and M.A. from Canisius College. 
During World War I, he served as a second lieutenant in the United States Marine Corps Aviation. However, he caught influenza during training and did not get overseas before the Armistice.
In 1920, he graduated LL.B. from University at Buffalo Law School.
He married Helen Ryan (d. 1958) and they had four children.
In January 1940, he was appointed by Governor Herbert H. Lehman a justice of the New York Supreme Court to fill a vacancy.
In November 1940, he was elected on the Democratic and American Labor tickets a judge of the New York Court of Appeals, and re-elected in 1954 on the Democratic, Republican and Liberal tickets. In 1959, he was elected unopposed Chief Judge. He retired from the bench at the end of 1966 when he reached the constitutional age limit of 70 years. 
Afterwards he lived at his farm in Eden, New York, resumed his private practice and taught at the University at Buffalo Law School. He died at the Mercy Hospital in Buffalo.

</doc>
<doc id="20518975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518975" title="Red Riding Hoodlum">
Red Riding Hoodlum

Red Riding Hoodlum is the 74th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on February 11, 1957, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
Woody Woodpecker sends Knothead and Splinter on an errand to deliver a basket of goodies to their Grandmother's house. They encounter a Wolf and soon realize that the events are occurring just like the Little Red Riding Hood story. However, things start to differ once Granny gets a good look at the Wolf. She falls head over heels in love with him and goes to redo her make-up. She puts on a red curly wig, curls her eyelashes, puts on a red shade of lipstick and powders her face. She embraces the Wolf and plants a giant kiss on his lips while red hearts appear in the air.

</doc>
<doc id="20518990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20518990" title="Softkinetic">
Softkinetic

SoftKinetic is a Belgian company which develops gesture recognition hardware and software for real-time range imaging (3D) cameras (such as time-of-flight cameras). It was founded in July 2007. SoftKinetic provides gesture recognition solutions based on its technology to the interactive digital entertainment, consumer electronics, health & fitness, and serious game industries. SoftKinetic technology has been applied to interactive digital signage and advergaming, interactive television, and physical therapy.
Originally centered around providing software development kits and middleware, SoftKinetic branched out into internal game and application development with the establishment of SoftKinetic Studios in September 2009. SoftKinetic then progressed into hardware, partnering with time-of-flight camera developer Optrima in September 2010, with the two companies merging into a reformed SoftKinetic by March 2011.
SoftKinetic's gesture recognition software platform, named "iisu", can recognize and distinguish or isolate different scenic elements, can identify and track the body parts of a user, and can adapt the user's shape, posture, and movements to an existing physical model, and vice versa. iisu is compatible with all major real-time range imaging cameras, and the middleware guards developers from the particularities of the hardware.
SoftKinetic's hardware solution, named "DepthSense" (formerly "OptriCam"), is a line of 3D time-of-flight imagers based on patented CMOS sensor and time-of-flight (TOF) technologies. Based on Current Assisted Photonic Demodulation (CAPD), the company's patented CMOS pixel technology, DepthSense hardware products range from sensors to consumer and professional 3D cameras.
SoftKinetic Studios has collaborated on numerous gesture recognition-based projects for various platforms such as PC, consoles, set-top boxes, arcade, and interactive digital signage; with companies such as Orange Vallée and Fuel Industries.

</doc>
<doc id="20519021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519021" title="Michael Collier (poet)">
Michael Collier (poet)

Michael Robert Collier (born 1953) is an American poet, teacher, creative writing program administrator and editor. He has published five books of original poetry, a translation of Euripedes' Medea, a book of prose pieces about poetry, and has edited three anthologies of poetry. From 2001 to 2004 he was the Poet Laureate of Maryland. As of 2011, he is the director of the Bread Loaf Writers' Conference, a professor of creative writing at the University of Maryland, College Park and the poetry editorial consultant for Houghton Mifflin (now Houghton Mifflin Harcourt).
Life.
Collier was born in Phoenix, Arizona and graduated from Brophy College Preparatory in 1971. He attended the Santa Clara University for one year, then transferred to Connecticut College in 1973 to study with the Pulitzer prize-winning poet William Morris Meredith, Jr. In 1977, he moved to London on a Thomas Watson fellowship and worked with editor William Cookson on the British literary magazine "Agenda". After graduating cum laude from Connecticut College in 1976, and receiving his M.F.A. in creative writing from the University of Arizona in 1979, he was a writing fellow at the Fine Arts Work Center in Provincetown, Massachusetts, from 1979 to 1980. He moved to the Washington, D.C., area in 1981, where he began teaching part-time at George Mason University, Trinity College and the University of Maryland, College Park. From 1983 to 1984, he was the coordinator of public relations and the poetry program at the Folger Shakespeare Library. In 1984, he was appointed full-time to the English faculty at the University of Maryland. In the summer of 1981, he attended the Bread Loaf Writers' Conference for the first time as the Margaret Bridgman Scholar in Poetry, followed by stints as a fellow in 1986, and as associate faculty in 1992 and 1993. In 1994, the trustees of Middlebury College appointed him Director of the Bread Loaf Writers' Conference. Founded in 1926, the Bread Loaf Writers' Conference is the longest-running writers' conference in the United States. In 2002, Houghton-Mifflin Publishers appointed Collier as its editorial consultant for poetry. He has edited books by the American poets Michael Ryan, Spencer Reece, and Alan Shapiro and the British poet Glyn Maxwell, as well as the books "Native Guard" by Natasha Trethewey which won the 2007 Pulitzer Prize and "Space Walk" by Tom Sleigh, which won the 2008 $100,000 Kingsley Tufts award from Claremont Graduate University. From 2001 to 2004, Collier served as the Maryland state poet laureate.
He is married and has two sons.
Work and artistic influences.
In a 2005 interview, Collier stated that he has "always been drawn to more formal poets like Robert Frost" and continued by saying that other "early influences included Anthony Hecht and early Robert Lowell…and W.H. Auden, Philip Larkin." He added "I strongly identify with Philip Larkin, Thomas Hardy, Randall Jarrell, and George Herbert."

</doc>
<doc id="20519027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519027" title="Box Car Bandit">
Box Car Bandit

Box Car Bandit is the 75th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on April 8, 1957, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International. Note the background for the title card is an actual boxcar with the title printed in big white letters on the boxcar side.

</doc>
<doc id="20519030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519030" title="The Children of Soong Ching Ling">
The Children of Soong Ching Ling

The Children of Soong Ching Ling is a 1984 Canadian short documentary film directed by Gary Bush. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
It is about the humanitarian work in support of children by Mrs. Soong Ching-ling, or Madame Sun Yat-sen. In particular the short film features an orphanage she sponsored.

</doc>
<doc id="20519049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519049" title="Declan Darcy">
Declan Darcy

Declan Darcy (Irish: "Déaglán Ó Dorchaí") is a former Gaelic footballer with Leitrim and Dublin. He helped Leitrim to win a Connacht Senior Football Championship as captain in 1994, he also won a Connacht Under-21 Football Championship in 1991. He won Leitrim Senior Football Championship titles in 1989, 1992, 1993, 1994 with Aughawillian. 
He was a selector of the Dublin U21 Football team for the 2009 championship season. Declan also helped manage St. Brigids minor team, alongside Gerry McEntee, Liam PLunkett and Mick Clerkin, to Minor 'A' Championship glory in 2008, winning both Dublin and Leinster titles. He worked alongside Shane O'Hanlon and Jim Brogan. 
He was a selector with the Dublin Senior team manager Jim Gavin, in 2013 and was part of the backroom team who were All-Ireland champions that year.
He was a selector with Jim Gavin, who guided Dublin to the 2013 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final after defeating Kerry in the semi-final by 3-18 to 3-11.
Dublin went on to win the final on 22 September, defeating Mayo by 2-12 to 1-14.

</doc>
<doc id="20519054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519054" title="The Unbearable Salesman">
The Unbearable Salesman

The Unbearable Salesman is the 76th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series, with a Knothead and Splinter. Released theatrically on June 3, 1957, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.

</doc>
<doc id="20519057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519057" title="2003 Open Gaz de France – Singles">
2003 Open Gaz de France – Singles

Venus Williams was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Serena Williams won in the final 6–2, 6–3 against Amélie Mauresmo.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. The top four seeds received a bye to the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20519074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519074" title="Diego Quintana">
Diego Quintana

Diego Jesús Quintana (born 24 April 1978 in Rosario) is an Argentine football player who spent his career mostly playing for Skoda Xanthi F.C. in Greece. He also holds Italian citizenship.
Quintana started his career in 1996 with Newell's Old Boys where he played 140 times, scoring 18 goals. After three seasons with Real Murcia of Spain he returned to Argentina to play for newly promoted Instituto de Cordoba in the Apertura 2004 tournament. After a brief spell with Barcelona Sporting Club of Ecuador in 2005 he joined Skoda Xanthi F.C. of Greece.
He scored the winning goal at the FIFA Youth World Cup in 1997 against Uruguay in front of 62,000 spectators at the Shah Alam Stadium in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Personal life.
He plays guitar and has performed in several shows with Aggelos Mourvatis' Music Lab in Xanthi, Greece.
In 2008, he performed with a group of his classmates from Aggelos Mourvatis' Music Lab the Skoda Xanthi Anthem during the team's 2008/09 squad presentation in front of approximately 4000 people. 
Cites The Ramones as one of his favorite bands.
Enjoys Stelios Kazantzidis's music.

</doc>
<doc id="20519078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519078" title="International Woodpecker">
International Woodpecker

International Woodpecker is the 77th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on July 1, 1957, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
Knothead and Splinter need help in their history lesson, and Woody digresses to tell them of their illustrious ancestors, starting with the caveman woodpecker who captured his mate. He tells of one family member in ancient Greece who mistook the columns of a temple for trees and caused the present-day picturesque ruins. Woody explains how another ancestor caused the Leaning Tower to lean; the collapse of the Roman Coliseum's wall; the disappearance of the nose on the Sphinx; an ancestor who was a matador in Spain; Woodpecker Raleigh[, who introduced the king-size cigarette; a family member who rode the Mayflower; another who chopped down the cherry tree and didn't tell a lie; a great-granduncle named Wyatt Urp out West; and the story of Apache Woodpecker, who strolled in Gay Paree. When Woody's story ends, the kids want to match their ancestors' adventures, but what a disappointment when he tells them that they'll merely take a trip to the Moon- this is old stuff from the 1870s.

</doc>
<doc id="20519092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519092" title="Kim Jae-wook">
Kim Jae-wook

Kim Jae Wook () was born on 2 April 1983. He is a South Korean model and actor.
Biography.
Kim was born in Seoul, South Korea, but his family went to Japan later on. Kim Jae Wook grew up in Japan until he was 7 years old, then returned to Korea. He started out performing in a band, but when he was 17, he started to model. Due to the time he spent in Japan, he can speak fluent Japanese. 
In 2002, Kim debuted in the role of a member of an indie band, in the MBC drama "Ruler of Your Own World". After the first role, he concentrated on his modeling career. 
In 2007, he auditioned for and won the role No Sun-ki in the 2007 hit drama series "The 1st Shop of Coffee Prince", more commonly known as just "Coffee Prince", which made him more popular in South Korea and several Asian countries. This role allowed him to use his Japanese language skills. He later appeared in the 2008 drama "The Kingdom of The Winds".
Kim served as the ambassador of goodwill for the 9th Jeonju International Film Festival (JIFF) in May, 2008.
His first movie in 2009, "Antique", which is based on the manga "Antique Bakery", grossed a total of $5,608,515 in South Korea, and was invited to the 59th Berlin International Film Festival. In this movie, he plays Min Seon-woo, a gay chef who works at "Antique cake shop". The role won him the "Best New Actor" award at 16th Korean Entertainment Awards. The same year, he also won the "Special Model Award" at the Asia Model Festival Awards.
Kim worked as the Grand Mint Festival (GMF, one of Korea's representative music festivals) Guy in October, 2009. At the same time he formed a modern rock band 「Walrus」 and was in charge of the guitar and the vocals. The name of the group came from the Beatles single 「I am the Walrus」 released in 1967. 
Kim played the leading part in Bee TV's first original Korean Drama 「キミの記憶をボクにください〜ピグマリオンの恋〜 (Please give me the memory of you~A Romance of Pygmalion~)」. The drama will be aired in March, 2010. For this role he spoke Japanese and Korean. 
In May 2011 Kim along with fashion models, Jang Yoon-ju, Ji Hyun-jung, Han Hye-jin and Song Kyung-ah, co-authred a book titled "Top Model". It is based on their experiences in the industry and includes beauty, makeup and styling tips. 
He also co-starred in Golden Heart, a miniseries featuring Janice Man of Hong Kong, in which he spoke English. 
He completed filming for "Mary Stayed Out All Night" (also known as "Marry Me, Mary!") and enlisted for mandatory military service on 5 July 2011 for 21 months of active duty after five weeks of basic military training.
He made his comeback in TVN television series "Who Are You," playing the dead boyfriend of Seo Yi-hyun's character
He also played a role in KBS television series "Inspiring Generation" as Kim Hyun-joong's rival, but appeared in only 8 episodes, then quit as a result of an unavoidable circumstance.

</doc>
<doc id="20519097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519097" title="To Catch a Woodpecker">
To Catch a Woodpecker

To Catch a Woodpecker is the 78th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on July 29, 1957, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.

</doc>
<doc id="20519123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519123" title="Michael Gspurning">
Michael Gspurning

Michael Gspurning (, born 2 May 1981) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Superleague Greece club PAOK. Born in the city of Graz in southeast Austria, Gspurning has been called up to the Austrian national team 3 times, including 2 World Cup qualifying matches. Gspurning began his career at Austria Wien in the Austrian Bundesliga and moved to DSV Leoben after not appearing for the senior team. He played for 3 seasons at Leoben in the third-teir Regionalliga Mitte before moving to ASKÖ Pasching in the Bundesliga in 2004. He played 7 total games and was a substitute in UEFA Cup matches before moving to Skoda Xanthi of Superleague Greece, where he played for 5 seasons. Gspurning was signed by the Sounders in December 2011 and has been their primary goalkeeper, having the third-lowest GAA of all MLS goalkeepers in his debut season.
Club career.
Youth at Austria Wien and DSV Leoben.
Michael Gspurning was born in Graz and began his career at age 19 after being part of the youth squads of Austria Wien by being promoted to the senior team in 2000, but did not make an official appearance for the senior team. He joined third-tier Regionalliga Mitte club DSV Leoben in 2001 and became a regular starter for Leoben and appeared in 62 league matches over 3 seasons.
ASKÖ Pasching.
Gspurning joined ASKÖ Pasching in 2004 and was a back-up behind Josef Schicklgruber, in the league with only 7 appearances over 3 seasons. He was unused in the 2004–05 UEFA Cup as Pasching lost on away goals to Zenit St. Petersburg after a 3–3 aggregate score in the second qualifying round. During the 2005–06 UEFA Cup, Pasching lost on away goals to Zenit after a 3–3 aggregate score for the second consecutive year in the second qualifying round. Gspurning was on the bench as the club qualified for the first round, but lost 3–0 to Livorno.
Skoda Xanthi.
Gspurning left Austria and signed with Skoda Xanthi in 2007, competing with Croatian goalkeeper Ivan Turina. He made his debut in a 3–0 loss to Iraklis Thessaloniki on November 25, 2007. Gspurning played four seasons with Skoda Xanthi and appeared in 89 league matches before leaving the club in 2011.
Seattle Sounders FC.
Gspurning joined Major League Soccer club Seattle Sounders FC on December 7, 2011 as a free agent to become their starting goalkeeper, replacing retired American veteran Kasey Keller, having been targeted since October by General Manager Adrian Hanauer. He joined the training camp for his new club in Arizona on January 30. Gspurning made his Seattle debut during 2–1 win over Santos Laguna in a CONCACAF Champions League quarterfinal fixture on March 8, 2012, having been delayed by an accident causing traffic. During the return leg on March 15, the Sounders lost 6–1 and were eliminated from the Champions League on a 3–7 aggregate score. Gspurning made his MLS league debut on March 17 in a 3–1 win over Toronto, conceding a strike from Ryan Johnson that would later win MLS Goal of the Week. The Sounders won 2–0 over Houston Dynamo the following week and gave Gspurning his first MLS career shutout. Gspurning was substituted at halftime of a May 2 game against the Los Angeles Galaxy because of an injury to his right hip. He was replaced by Bryan Meredith as the Sounders went on to win 2–0.
Gspurning returned on June 6, after missing 6 MLS games and being replaced by Meredith and Andrew Weber. He trained through mid-July to return and started in goal during a 2–1 win over the Colorado Rapids on July 28. Gspurning earned his first shutout since his injury against the Los Angeles Galaxy in a 4–0 win in August, lost in the U.S. Open Cup Final against Sporting Kansas City in a penalty shootout, having his save on Paulo Nagamura re-taken after a 1–1 draw. Gspurning played 2 matches in the 2012–13 Champions League, winning 3–1 over Caledonia AIA in Trinidad and Tobago in late August, and winning 3–2 over Honduran club Marathón after earning a yellow card and conceding 4 penalties over the 2 games. He earned an assist on Fredy Montero's goal against the Portland Timbers on September 15 off of a punt, and later started all four MLS Cup Playoffs games for the Sounders before they were eliminated in the Conference Finals by the LA Galaxy. Gspurning finished 2012 with 21 regular season games, conceding 15 goals for a 0.73 GAA, the third lowest in MLS history.
In 2013 season, Gspurning continued to be the club's first choice goalkeeper at the start of the season, making three consecutive clean sheets against Chivas USA, New England Revolution and Colorado Rapids. However on 14 July 2013, Gspurning injured his arm in a match against San Jose Earthquakes after Steven Lenhart caught him with a late challenge and was substituted, as Seattle lost 1-0. After seeing a specialist, it announced he will be out for two weeks. After three week out, he made his return to training and stated the collision could have been "avoidable", though refuse to blame Lenhart. After being feature on the bench against Toronto two days later, Gspurning made his return in goal, as Seattle lose 3-1 to Houston Dynamo. After conceding nine goals in two matches in early October, Gspurning was dropped for two matches for Marcus Hahnemann. On the last game of the season, Gspurning made his return in a 1-1 draw against Los Angeles Galaxy. In the MLS Cup Playoffs, Gspurning featured the first four matches to put Seattle through until his sending off in the West Conference Knockout round, in a 2-0 win over Colorado Rapids. The club would be eliminated from the MLS Playoffs after failing to win either legs losing 2-1 and 3-2 respectively against Portland Timbers.
In Conclusion of 2013 season, the club declined options on Gspurning.
PAOK.
After leaving Seattle Sounders, Gspurning moved back to Greece by joining PAOK on a six-month deal with an option for a two-year extension.
International career.
Gspurning made his international debut for the Austrian national football team at the age of 27 in a friendly match against Turkey on November 19, 2008, playing 90 minutes in a 4–2 defeat at Ernst-Happel-Stadion in Vienna. Gspurning played his first World Cup qualifier against Romania on April 1, 2009 in a 2–1 victory in Klagenfurt. He played his most recent game against Serbia on June 6, 2009 in a 1–0 loss in Belgrade. Gspurning has not received a call from the Austrian national team since 2009.
Style Of Play.
Sounder At Heart described Gspurning as "He's big, he's tall, he's nothing else like the man he replaced."
Personal life.
Gspurning is married and lives with his wife, young daughter, and new born son. He speaks German, English, and Greek from playing in various leagues. He was described as easygoing and a "jokester" by back-up goalkeeper Bryan Meredith and was eager to join the Seattle Sounders. He earned the nickname "Cerberus" during his time at Greek club Skoda Xanthi,

</doc>
<doc id="20519146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519146" title="David Gardiner (environmentalist)">
David Gardiner (environmentalist)

David McLane Gardiner (born 1955) is an American environmental strategist who has worked for the Clinton administration and United States Environmental Protection Agency. Gardiner was a member of the United States delegation present at the negotiations for the Kyoto Protocol.
Education and early career.
Gardiner graduated from Harvard University in 1977 with a degree in History, before joining the Sierra Club where he worked for 15 years. During his time working for the Sierra Club, Gardiner worked variously in the San Francisco office and as communication coordinator, before spending ten years working for them as Legislative Director in Washington, D.C. when the Sierra Club was lobbying for the Clean Air Act (1990) and other environmental protection legislation.
Gardiner joined the United States Environmental Protection Agency in 1993 as Assistant Administrator for Policy, Planning and Evaluation, a position he would remain in for six years. He also served as EPA Administrator Carol Browner's senior representative to the President’s Council on Sustainable Development during his time with the EPA.
Following on from his time with the EPA, Gardiner continued working with the Clinton administration, now working as an environmental strategist. He directed the White House Climate Change Task Force and spent time as a senior member of various United States delegations, including the 1997 delegation that negotiated the Kyoto Protocol.
Later career.
Gardiner served the Clinton administrator for almost the entire 8 years that Bill Clinton was President. He is currently the President of an environmental consultancy company, "David Gardiner & Associates".

</doc>
<doc id="20519152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519152" title="The Springfield Paper">
The Springfield Paper

The Springfield Paper is a weekly newspaper the serves Springfield, Ohio and Clark County, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="20519156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519156" title="Demise (Nachtmystium album)">
Demise (Nachtmystium album)

Demise is the second full-length album by Nachtmystium. 

</doc>
<doc id="20519166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519166" title="Round Trip to Mars">
Round Trip to Mars

Round Trip to Mars is the 79th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on September 23, 1957, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.

</doc>
<doc id="20519184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519184" title="Jarvis (name)">
Jarvis (name)

Jarvis is a British surname and occasional masculine given name. Alternate spellings include Jervis, Jervois, Jervoise, Gervase, Gergais, Gervis, and Jarvie. People with the name Jarvis include:

</doc>
<doc id="20519193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519193" title="Luis Miguel Aparecido Alves">
Luis Miguel Aparecido Alves

Luis Miguel Aparecido Alves (born May 25, 1985) is a Brazilian football player currently playing for Iraklis Psachna F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="20519197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519197" title="The Garden of Eden (1984 film)">
The Garden of Eden (1984 film)

The Garden of Eden is a 1984 American short documentary film directed by Roger M. Sherman. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20519199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519199" title="Otto; or Up with Dead People">
Otto; or Up with Dead People

Otto; or, Up with Dead People is a 2008 Canadian and German queer cinema horror film. The film was directed by Bruce LaBruce and stars Jey Crisfar, Marcel Schlutt, Nicholas Fox Ricciardi and Gio Black Peter.
Plot.
The film is about a zombie named Otto who hitched a ride to Berlin and begins to explore the city. Otto is discovered by underground filmmaker Medea Yarn, who begins to make a documentary about him with the support of her girlfriend, Hella Bent, and her brother Adolf. Medea is trying to finish "Up with Dead People", the epic political-porno-zombie movie that she has been working on and convinces its star, Fritz Fritze, to allow the vulnerable Otto to stay in his guest bedroom. Otto discovers that he has a wallet that contains information about his past life, remembering details about his ex-boyfriend, Rudolf. He arranges to meet him at the schoolyard where they met.
Soundtrack.
The film's soundtrack (released on CD and as a Limited Double LP on the "Crippled Dick Hot Wax" label) contains an eclectic selection of pieces by contemporary musicians. Among them: Antony and the Johnsons, CocoRosie, The Homophones, Othon Mataragas and Ernesto Tomasini.

</doc>
<doc id="20519205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519205" title="Tom Sewell junior">
Tom Sewell junior

Thomas Sewell (born 15 March 1830 at Mitcham, Surrey; died 13 June 1871 at St John's, Sevenoaks, Kent) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1851 to 1868. His father was Tom Sewell senior.
A right-handed batsman and right arm fast roundarm bowler, he made 158 known appearances in first-class matches, of which 20 were for Kent between 1856 and 1866 and 109 were for Surrey between 1859 and 1868. He represented the Players in the Gentlemen v Players series on one occasion and, from 1860 to 1864, was a member of the United All-England Eleven (UEE). He was also a member of the team led by HH Stephenson that toured Australia in 1861–2, the first side from England to visit the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20519206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519206" title="Dopey Dick the Pink Whale">
Dopey Dick the Pink Whale

Dopey Dick the Pink Whale is the 80th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on November 15, 1957, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.

</doc>
<doc id="20519233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519233" title="Fodder and Son">
Fodder and Son

Fodder and Son is the 81st animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on November 4, 1957, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.

</doc>
<doc id="20519234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519234" title="Hartmut Boockmann">
Hartmut Boockmann

Hartmut Boockmann (August 22, 1934 – June 15, 1998) was a German historian, specializing in medieval history.
Boockmann was born in Marienburg (Malbork). He made his Ph.D. in 1965. Boockmann was professor for medieval and modern history in Kiel from 1975 to 1982, then in Göttingen, between 1992 and 1995 at the Humboldt-University of Berlin, and thereafter until his death in Göttingen again. Boockmann was specialized in the German Late Middle Ages. He died in Göttingen.
External links.
Texts of Boockmann in the web:
Biography

</doc>
<doc id="20519240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519240" title="Wellington Gonçalves">
Wellington Gonçalves

Wellington Gonçalves (born July 7, 1983) is a Brazilian football player currently playing for Fotball League 2 side Panelefsiniakos.
Career.
Wellington moved to Greece in March 2003, initially joining Apollon Kalamarias F.C. on a two-year contract. In February 2005, he extended his stay with Apollon Kalamarias for another 3 years.
In August 2008, he joined Thrasyvoulos F.C. on a one-year contract. Successive six-month spells with Diagoras F.C. and Anagennisi Karditsa F.C. would follow.
In July 2010, Wellington moved to Agrotikos Asteras F.C. on a two-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="20519255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519255" title="Garfield Weston Merit Scholarships for Colleges">
Garfield Weston Merit Scholarships for Colleges

Garfield Weston Merit Scholarships for Colleges (GWMSC) is a scholarship program designed to recognize exemplary college students who are passionate about their field of study and are interested in helping their communities.
History.
In 1998, the W. Garfield Weston Foundation collaborated with the Canada Merit Scholarship Foundation to start a scholarship program for college students.
Awards.
The Garfield Weston Merit Scholarship for Colleges (GWMSC) program will present the three types of awards to students who are beginning their first year of college. The GWMC will present GWMSC National Awards to 25 students. This scholarship is waives the tuition the student must pay at a consortium college. This scholarship is renewable for one or two years. The GWMC will also present 18 GWMSC Regional Awards which is a $4,000 scholarship for one year of college study. The third award is the GWMC Pronvincial Award which is a $2,500 scholarship for one year of study.

</doc>
<doc id="20519266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519266" title="Leoganger Ache">
Leoganger Ache

The Leoganger Ache is a left tributary of the River Saalach and drains the valley of the same name, the Leoganger Tal. After appr. 15 km it joins the Saalach 1.7 km north of Saalfelden. 
It originates near the border with Tyrol and flows from west to east. Exactly in the middle it passes through the village of "Leogang".
The Leoganger Ache is formed near the Tyrolean border in Hütten in the municipality of Leogang at a height of 960 m from:
Including the Schwarzleobach the river is 22 km long.
The Leoganger Valley runs from west to east and falls openly and gently into the Saalfelden Basin, passing the village of Leogang about halfway down.
Northwest of Saalfelden, in the cadastral municipality of Uttenhofen, it discharges into the Saalach (at a triple confluence with the Urslau).
Its northern, right hand tributaries comprise several mountain streams that drain the limestone massifi of the Leoganger Steinberge (the "Grießbach and Weissbach" empty into the "Grießner Bach", the "Birnbach" from Birnhorn joins at Leogang and the "Weissbach" at Ecking). From the Slate Alps the main streams are the "Schwarzbach" (with the "Dunkelkendlbach" from the "Asitz" and the "Klammbach" from the Halderbergkogel).
The "B 164 Hochkönig Road" (which comes from Bischofshofen via Dienten and Saalfelden) runs along the Leoganger Valley over the Grießen Pass and via Fieberbrunn to St. Johann in Tirol – it is the only internal Austria link between Tyrol and the east which does not cross a high Alpine pass, but is also linked to Salzburg via the Little German Corner.

</doc>
<doc id="20519269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519269" title="Al Dewsbury">
Al Dewsbury

Albert Percy "Dews" Dewsbury (April 12, 1926 – December 16, 2006) was a Canadian NHL defenceman. Dewsbury by today's standards was of average size but for a player in the 1940s and 1950s, he was very imposing at 6'2" 202 Lbs. He was born in Goderich, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="20519271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519271" title="John W. Frazer">
John W. Frazer

John Wesley Frazer (January 6, 1827 – March 16, 1906) was an American soldier, planter, and businessman. He was a career officer in the United States Army, and then served as a Confederate general during the American Civil War.
Frazer's most notable action during the Civil War was when he surrendered the Cumberland Gap and was captured in the autumn of 1863. He was held as a prisoner of war until after hostilities ended in the spring of 1865, and then took up work in farming and business.
Early life and career.
Frazer (variously written as Fraser or Frazier) was born in 1827 in Hardin County, Tennessee. He was a brother of Charles W. Frazer, who also would serve as a Confederate general. In 1845 Frazer entered the United States Military Academy at West Point, and graduated four years later standing 34th out of 43 cadets. He was appointed a brevet second lieutenant in the 2nd U.S. Infantry Regiment on July 1, 1849. Frazer was promoted to second lieutenant on June 30 the following year, and to first lieutenant in the 9th U.S. Infantry on March 3, 1855. Two years later he was promoted to the rank of captain on May 1.
Frazer had spent his U.S. Army career on "routine garrison duty at various points" across the United States, until resigning his commission, which was accepted on March 15, 1861.
Civil War service.
When the American Civil War began, Frazer chose to follow the Confederate cause. At the time he was likely living in Mississippi, the state that had appointed Frazer to West Point and to the Confederate Army in 1861. On March 16 Frazer was commissioned a captain in the Confederacy's regular army infantry. On April 5 was ordered to Louisiana to supervise the regular army recruiting for Baton Rouge and for New Orleans, Frazer's headquarters. On May 11 he was ordered to end his recruiting duties and proceed to Baton Rouge and directly command the city's barracks. On June 17 he was appointed to the provisional army in the 8th Alabama Infantry with the rank of lieutenant colonel. Frazer chose to resign from the Confederate Army in March 1862, but re-entered the service as colonel and commander of the 28th Alabama Infantry on November 2.
Cumberland Gap.
Following the Kentucky Campaign, Frazer again resigned from the Confederate Army in late 1862. His most notable military service occurred after he was appointed a brigadier general on May 19, 1863, and given command of the 5th Brigade of the Army of Tennessee that July. His force consisted of about 2,300 men in three regiments and a battery of artillery, and was ordered to defend the Cumberland Gap "at all hazards" by area commander Maj. Gen. Simon B. Buckner, who was himself ordered to rejoin the Army of Tennessee just prior to the Battle of Chickamauga. Frazer began strengthening the fortifications already there to try to block any Federal advance into East Tennessee.
That fall, forces under Union Maj. Gen. Ambrose Burnside moved toward the Cumberland Gap. Burnside sent a brigade under Col. John F. DeCourcy to deal with Frazer's men, while the rest of the Union soldiers quickly marched on and captured Knoxville, Tennessee, on September 2. DeCourcy threatened the Gap from the north, but Frazer did not think this force sufficient to remove him and held his position. On September 7, Burnside sent another brigade led by Brig. Gen. James M. Shackelford, who approached Frazer's men from the south and demanded surrender of the Confederates, which Frazer again rejected. On September 8, both DeCourcy and Shackelford sent messages requesting Frazer's surrender, and those too were rejected. The next day, Burnside himself along with yet another brigade (under Col. Samuel A. Gilbert) closed on Frazer's position. At about 10:00 a.m., Burnside demanded a surrender, saying he now had enough soldiers to assault and take the Confederate garrison. This was finally enough to convince Frazer to give up the Gap, which he did at about 3 p.m. on September 9. No blood was shed in the three-day Battle of the Cumberland Gap.
Burnside had succeeded in deceiving Frazer, leading him to believe that the opposing Federals were much stronger than they appeared. Frazer thought his Confederates to be surrounded, outnumbered, and lacking enough provisions needed for a prolonged siege, and he unconditionally surrendered his garrison. The Confederate defeats at Vicksburg and Gettysburg earlier in July may also have affected Frazer's decision.
As they lined up, the Confederates were shocked to see the size of the force to which they had surrendered. Although around 100–300 men did escape through DeCourcy's lines just after the surrender, Frazer, his men and their weapons, and 14 guns were turned over to Burnside. This also gave the Union control of the Cumberland Gap, which it retained until the war's end.
Confinement.
Frazer was sent to join other captured Confederate officers at Fort Warren in Boston Harbor, where he spent the rest of the war. During this time the Confederate Congress took up Frazer's nomination to brigadier general. Due to public and political criticism of his actions at the Cumberland Gap, Frazer's appointment was promptly rejected on February 16, 1864.
After the conflict ended he was finally released and paroled from Fort Warren on July 24, 1865.
Postbellum.
After the Civil War Frazer relocated to Arkansas, where he began operating a plantation. Several years later he moved to New York City, where he engaged successfully in business. Frazer died there from an accident in the spring of 1906, and was buried in Clifton Springs.

</doc>
<doc id="20519273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519273" title="Recollections of Pavlovsk">
Recollections of Pavlovsk

Recollections of Pavlovsk () is a 1984 Soviet short documentary film directed by Irina Kalinina. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20519274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519274" title="Koronis Pharmaceuticals">
Koronis Pharmaceuticals

Koronis Pharmaceuticals is a Seattle area biotechnology company founded in 1998. Koronis is dedicated to the development of antiviral therapeutics based on a novel mechanism, Viral Decay Acceleration (VDA). The Company’s lead product candidate is KP-1461 for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection. The company also has products in development for the treatment of hepatitis C and RSV infection.

</doc>
<doc id="20519276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519276" title="1923 Giro d'Italia">
1923 Giro d'Italia

The 1923 Giro d'Italia was the 11th edition of the Giro d'Italia, a cycling race organized and sponsored by the newspaper "La Gazzetta dello Sport". The race began on 23 May in Milan with a stage that stretched to Turin, finishing back in Milan on 10 June after a stage and a total distance covered of . The race was won by the Italian rider Costante Girardengo of the Maino team. Second and third respectively were the Italian riders Giovanni Brunero and Bartolomeo Aymo.
This year saw the debutant Ottavio Bottecchia finish in 5th place overall, and the leading 'isolate' (rider without a team). Bottecchia caught the attention of French rider Henri Pélissier, who instigated his glorious Tour de France career. 
Participants.
Of the 96 or 97 riders that began the Giro d'Italia on 23 May, 38 of them made it to the finish in Milan on 10 June. Riders were allowed to ride on their own or as a member of a team. There were three teams that competed in the race: Atala, Legnano, and Maino.
The peloton was completely composed of Italians. The field featured two former Giro d'Italia champions in the 1919 Giro d'Italia winner Costante Girardengo and returning champion Giovanni Brunero. Other notable Italian riders that started the race included Bartolomeo Aymo, Ottavio Bottecchia, Angelo Gremo, and Giovanni Rossignoli.
Final standings.
General classification.
There were 38 cyclists who had completed all ten stages. For these cyclists, the times they had needed in each stage was added up for the general classification. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the winner.

</doc>
<doc id="20519280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519280" title="Carlos de Castro">
Carlos de Castro

Carlos Enrique de Castro Storace (, born 19th April 1979) is a Uruguayan footballer who currently plays at Universidad César Vallejo as a centre back. 
He spent a couple of years playing abroad for Deportes Melipilla from Chile, Club San José from Bolivia, and recently with Thrasyvoulos F.C. of Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="20519283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519283" title="International Small Group and Tree Planting Program">
International Small Group and Tree Planting Program

The International Small Group and Tree Planting Program, or TIST, is a comprehensive sustainable development program for developing-world locations. TIST was started in 2000 and exists in Africa (Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda) and India. The TIST program has three separate but related aims: development, commercial opportunity, and replication.
The development goal of the TIST program is to empower and equip subsistence farmers to restore their natural environment, increase soil fertility, create jobs, strengthen the local community, and move from famine to surplus.
Program summary.
TIST trains and encourages small groups to develop and share "best practices." TIST introduces improved farming and land use techniques to isolated subsistence farmers who are now planting millions of new trees. Using a combination of small group development and training programs and providing small stipends to groups, TIST helps local farmers meet their economic needs, even during severe dry seasons.
Small groups agree to meet the program requirements and assure tree survival and use of improved, sustainable land use techniques for years to come. The improved farming practices and tree planting will improve local welfare by stabilizing the local food supply and by providing families with additional income from TIST tree benefits and payments.
TIST small groups are also educated about HIV/AIDS and equipped to formulate a response to this pandemic at the group and village level. Adopting conservation farming techniques increases food and decreases annual physical effort after the first seedbeds are created. Family members can continue to plant in these seedbeds year after year and have food.
Most of the 60,000 TIST farmer participants were currently using the traditional 3-stone cook stoves or handmade mud stoves. Through work with Envirofit International, TIST has been able to bring healthy cook stoves and the training necessary for an effective replacement for their traditional stoves to many of TIST members.
Project areas
TIST currently operates in four countries:
TIST origins.
The initial pilot implementation site of TIST was in Mpwapwa, Tanzania. Mpwapwa is located southeast of Tanzania’s capital, Dodoma.
External links.
idea is straightforward -- the results are remarkable.” http://issuu.com/mitimagazine/docs/miti19, page 10-11

</doc>
<doc id="20519285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519285" title="Themison of Laodicea">
Themison of Laodicea

Themison of Laodicea () (123 B.C.E. to 43 B.C.E.) was the founder of the Methodic school of medicine, and one of the most eminent physicians of his time.
Themison was a native of Laodicea in Syria, and a pupil of Asclepiades of Bithynia. Nothing more is known about the events of his life except that he seems to have travelled a great deal; as he mentions Crete and Milan, apparently as an eye-witness. Neither is it certain if he ever visited Rome, though it is perhaps more probable that he did so. He differed from his teacher on several points in his old age, and became the founder of a new sect called the Methodic school ("Methodici"), which long exercised an extensive influence on medical science. He wrote several medical works, but in what language is not mentioned; of these only the titles and a few fragments remain, preserved principally by Caelius Aurelianus, for example: "Libri Periodici"; "Epistolae" in at least nine books; "Celeres Passiones" in at least two books; "Tardae Passiones" in at least two books; "Liber Salutaria"; "De Plantagine".
He was perhaps the first physician who made use of leeches, and he is said to have been attacked with hydrophobia, and to have recovered. Eudemus and Proculus are said to have been followers () of Themison, which may only mean that they belonged to the Methodic school.
Themison was criticized by Soranus for his cruel handling of mental patients. Among his prescriptions were darkness, restraint by chains, and deprivation of food and drink. Juvenal satirized him and suggested that he killed more patients than he cured, but whether he means this Themison or some contemporary is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20519286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519286" title="Civil Aviation Authority of Uganda">
Civil Aviation Authority of Uganda

The Civil Aviation Authority was created by an Act of Parliament in 1994 as a state agency of the Ministry of Transport, Housing and Communication. The mandate of the CAA is to coordinate and oversee Uganda's aviation industry, including licensing; regulation; air search and rescue; air traffic control; ownership of airports and aerodromes; Ugandan and international aviation law; representing Uganda in an international capacity to the aviation community; and to all other aviation matters. 
Head offices are at Entebbe International Airport in Kampala. Current business of the CAA includes the construction of the new cargo terminal and customs building at Entebbe Airport.
Organization and operations.
The Uganda CAA works with an administrative and operational structure of five directorates:

</doc>
<doc id="20519319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519319" title="McArdle Laboratory">
McArdle Laboratory

The McArdle Laboratory for Cancer Research is a basic cancer research facility located on the University of Wisconsin–Madison campus in Madison, Wisconsin. It houses the university's Department of Oncology . The staff of the McArdle Laboratory numbers approximately 200. Twenty-eight faculty members lead research groups focused on various fields such as cancer virology, signal transduction, cell cycle, cancer genetics, and carcinogenesis.
Peer-reviewed grants awarded on a competitive basis by agencies such as the National Cancer Institute, Department of Defense, American Cancer Society, and Susan G. Komen for the Cure provide the major source of research funds for the McArdle Laboratory. A small percentage of McArdle’s operating budget is provided by the State of Wisconsin. Private donations and bequests made directly to the McArdle Laboratory play a vital role in the support of the research carried out at the Laboratory.
Founding faculty Harold P. Rusch, Roswell Boutwell, Charles Heidelberger, Elizabeth and James Miller, Gerald C. Mueller, and Van Rensselaer Potter helped to establish the international reputation of the McArdle Laboratory and to build the strong foundation of basic cancer research on the University of Wisconsin campus. The former and current staff include recipients of the Bristol Myers Award in Cancer Research; members of the National Academy of Sciences; past presidents of the American Association for Cancer Research; recipients of the American Cancer Society Research Professor and Junior Faculty Research Awards; and members of the National Cancer Advisory Board and the President’s Cancer Panel. Howard M. Temin (1934-1994) received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine (shared with David Baltimore and Renato Dulbecco) in 1975 while a member of the faculty at the McArdle Laboratory.
The training of young scientists for careers in cancer research has been an important aspect of the McArdle Laboratory since its beginning. The McArdle Laboratory was the first cancer research institution in the country to grant a Ph.D. degree in Oncology. The graduate program, now called Cancer Biology, is one of the few programs in the world devoted specifically to cancer research. Over 1400 men and women have received training at the pre- and postdoctoral level at the McArdle Laboratory. Alumni hold research and teaching positions at universities, research institutes, governmental agencies, and in industry around the world. McArdle alum Günter Blobel received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1999 for "the discovery that proteins have intrinsic signals that govern their transport and localization in the cell".
History.
The McArdle Laboratory for Cancer Research was established in 1940 as one of the first basic cancer research facilities in the world. The foundation for the development of the Laboratory and the University of Wisconsin's program in experimental cancer research was made possible by the generous donations of private citizens. 
In the 1930s, a bequest in the will of Jennie Bowman established the Jonathan Bowman Memorial fund in memory of her father, a prominent state senator. This fund provided the seed money for the initiation of a cancer research program at the University of Wisconsin in Madison. The Bowman funds initially were allocated for fellowships to promising young investigators interested in studying cancer. One of the Bowman Fellows, Dr. Harold P. Rusch, became the first Director of the McArdle Laboratory and established the cancer research program at the University of Wisconsin. 
The construction of the first McArdle building resulted from a bequest by Michael W. McArdle, a prominent Chicago industrialist and attorney from Door County, Wisconsin. Expanded facilities, funded by the National Cancer Institute, were provided by the construction in 1964 of the present McArdle Laboratory.
Serving as the Director until 1972, Dr. Rusch (with help from Associate Director Dr. Van R. Potter) charted the course for the Laboratory's scientific future by recruiting a staff of talented young scientists, whose creativity and productivity soon earned the McArdle Laboratory an international reputation for excellence in cancer research. From 1972-1991, Dr. Henry C. Pitot, a prominent pathologist and oncologist, provided the leadership as the center expanded its program. Dr. Elizabeth C. Miller, who with her husband and scientific partner, Dr. James A. Miller, laid the groundwork for the field of chemical carcinogenesis, also played a key leadership role in the administration of the center, serving as the Associate Director of the Laboratory from 1973 until her death in 1987. In 1992 Dr. Norman R. Drinkwater assumed the directorship, and Dr. Bill Sugden became the Associate Director of the McArdle Laboratory. Dr. F. Michael Hoffmann took over as Associate Director in 2006 and Dr. James D. Shull became the Director in September 2009.
In its early years, a major focus of McArdle's research program centered on studies of chemical carcinogenesis. McArdle scientists established the basis of the chemical induction of various cancers and discovered how known carcinogens initiate the genetic changes in cells that result in tumor formation. Early studies also focused on the biochemistry of cancer cells and how they differ from normal cells. Gradually the focus of the research program was expanded to other areas of cancer research including the role of viruses in the causation of cancer and, more recently, the roles of oncogenes and developmental processes in cancer.
References.
"Something Attempted, Something Done", by Harold P. Rusch, University of Wisconsin Medical Alumni Association, 1984. 
A Tribute: Wisconsin’s McArdle Laboratory Celebrates Its 50th Anniversary, Journal of the National Cancer Institute, Volume 82 (No. 20): 1602-1610, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20519321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20519321" title="Reign of the Malicious">
Reign of the Malicious

Reign of the Malicious is the debut full-length album by Nachtmystium.
Originally released on CD November 9, 2002 by Regimental Records (limited to 666) and LP by Sombre Records (limited to 350).
Tape version released by Asgard Musik on August 27, 2003 (limited to 500
copies).
Reissued with the Self-Titled EP on one CD by Desire of Goat Productions in 2005 (limited to
500 copies)
Reissued in 2005 as a Pic-Disc by Ahdistuksen Aihio Productions.
Reissued by Candlelight Records in 2008 with alternative cover art.

</doc>
