<doc id="20499527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499527" title="Howard Payne (athlete)">
Howard Payne (athlete)

Andrew Howard Payne (17 April 1931 – 1 March 1992) was an Olympic athlete from England. He specialised in the hammer throw events during his career.
Born in Benoni, Gauteng (South Africa) Payne represented Great Britain in three consecutive Olympic Games, starting in 1964. He previously competed for Northern Rhodesia. Payne claimed the gold medal for England in the men's hammer throw event at three consecutive Commonwealth Games: 1962, 1966 and 1970. 
He died in Birmingham aged 60. Payne was at one time married to discus thrower Rosemary Payne.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20499542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499542" title="Payyappaddy">
Payyappaddy

Payyappady is a small village in Puthuppally panchayat. Payyappady means "Slowly Sung" in Malayalam. There are no legends behind this name.
This small village is famous for Sri Lakshmaswamy Temple, Vennimala&Sree Dharmasastha temple Malakunnam and St. Stephen's CSI church. St. Thomas Orthodox Church Vellukutta is another famous church here. 
Aaraattuchira, Kochumattam, Vennimala, Cheramkulam, Malakunnu, Mundiyakkal, Akkamkunnu, Puthuvel etc. are the nearby small villages and considered as a part of it. The place is mainly hilly, contains small streams and ponds. Rubber, Banana, Pepper are main agriculture products.
History.
Ithihyamala Published by Kottarathil Sankunni details the legend behind the Venniamala temple and historical importance of the village.
Local festivals.
1) Vennimala Temple Annual Aaraattu Festival is one of the major festival. A procession is hosted at the temple Arratuchira stream during this festival.
2) Karkida Vavu Bali at Vennimala Temple
3) St. Thomas Orthodox Church Vellukutta celebrates annual festival (Mayalatho) on 1 Feb and 2 Feb. A procession will be held from Kochumattam to Kanjirathamoodu during this time.
4) Vennimala Sreedharmasastha Temple Mandalam chirappu .
5) St. Stephen's church, Payyappady, harvest festival is celebrated every year on 26th of December. On the eve of this day, a procession moves from the church to CMS LP school and returns to the church. During this harvest festival day, auctions of "first harvest" agricultural items are held.
Celebrities.
1) Vettom Mani. Famous Malayalam Author. 
2) Dr. Ninan Abraham. Vice Chancellor (retd) Kanpur University, UP, India
3) RS Pisharody.Sanskrit Pandit
4) Varghese puthenparampen.kadhikan and malayalam teacher
Public services.
1) PCO and Post Office. Pin Code 686011
2) Bank. Brach of Puthuppally Co-operative Bank
3) Milk Society. Affiliated to Milma Kottayam
4) Public Health Center (No Doctor)
Tourist information.
Vennimala temple is situated at the summit of a hill which rises 1,500ft above sea level. The height offers beautiful views as well as opportunities for cycling and trekking.
Close to the Vennimala temple is a cave with significant historical importance to the local area, with many stories citing the cave.
Public buses are available to Payyappady from Kottayam via Puthuppally every fifteen minutes - this journey is 10 km and takes around thirty minutes. Trekking and rikshaw travel to the Vennimala temple is possible from Payyappady and Payyappaddy junction respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20499546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499546" title="Bruno Lazaroni">
Bruno Lazaroni

Bruno Amorim Lazaroni (born September 13, 1980) is a Brazilian football player currently playing for Al-Ittifaq in Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="20499564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499564" title="Tuolumne Meadows Ranger Stations and Comfort Stations">
Tuolumne Meadows Ranger Stations and Comfort Stations

The Tuolumne Meadows Ranger Station and Comfort Stations are examples of National Park Service Rustic design in Yosemite National Park. They are within the Tuolumne Meadows Historic District at Tuolumne Meadows. The ranger station was built in 1924 using peeled log construction. The ranger station doubled as the park entrance station for the Tioga Road. Its function was partly superseded by a newer structure in 1936, using larger quantities of stonework. 
Later structures.
Later structures, such as the comfort station or public toilet, was designed by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs and was built by Civilian Conservation Corps labor. 
Other structures, including bunk houses and mess halls were built in the Tuolumne Meadows Historic District at the same time to similar design standards. The original CCC mess hall, built in 1934, has become the Tuolumne Meadows Visitor Center.

</doc>
<doc id="20499570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499570" title="Antony Pogorelsky">
Antony Pogorelsky

Antony Pogorelsky (Russian: Анто́ний Погоре́льский Никола́й) is a penname of Alexey Alexeyevich Perovsky (Russian Алексе́й Алексе́евич Перо́вский), (1787–) a Russian prose writer.
He was a natural son of A.K. Razumovsky and an uncle of Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy, also a well-known man of letters. 
During the Great Patriotic War of 1812 (invasion of Napoleon Bonaparte) he served in the acting army as a volunteer. When living in Germany during his military service Perovsky took a great interest in German romanticism, and Hoffman, in particular, and it had a great impact on his own creativity. After retirement he settled in Petersburg and took care of upbringing and education of his nephew Aleksey. During that period Perovsky came to be one the most active defenders of Alexander Pushkin, then a beginning poet. 
After the death of his father in 1822 Aleksey Perovsky settled in Pogoreltsy Estate in Ukraine, together with his sister and nephew and took the penname of Antony Pogorelsky, based on the estate name. 
Antony Pogorelsky’s remarkable set of stories "Dvoinik" (The Double, or My Evenings in Little Russia) (1828) was closely related to the German fantastic tradition ("Serapion Brothers" by Hoffman) and anticipated the famous "Evenings on a Farm Near Dikanka" by Nikolai Gogol and "Russian Nights" by Vladimir Odoevsky. In 1829 Pogorelsky published the book that brought him real fame: it was the fairy tale "Black Hen, or Living Underground" written for his nephew, the first book about childhood in Russian literature. His novel "Monastyrka", a “moral-descriptive novel” combining both sentimental and romantic elements was very well accepted by public and critics.

</doc>
<doc id="20499572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499572" title="Havmanden-class submarine">
Havmanden-class submarine

"Havmanden" class submarine may refer to one of these types of Royal Danish Navy submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="20499585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499585" title="BuddyTV">
BuddyTV

BuddyTV is an entertainment-based website based in Seattle, Washington, which generates content about television programs and sporting events. The website publishes information about celebrity and related entertainment news through a series of articles, entertainment profiles, actor biographies and user forums.
History.
BuddyTV was co-founded in 2005 by Andy Liu and David Niu. The pair graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a Master of Business Administration, a master's degree in business administration. They sold their previous company, NetConversions, to aQuantive in 2004. While on a holiday, they realized that television is a "very passive or non-social experience", and wanted to "express ourselves at the time of the show". The website is also designed to allow real-time commentary for sports, allowing former players and fans to broadcast their opinions on basketball and baseball games. Niu felt that other Internet companies which were offering online sportscasting tools did not effectively combines audio broadcasts with online comments and forums.
In May 2007, BuddyTV received a loan of $250,000 from the Charles River Quick Start Seed Funding Program, at which time it was attracting 2 million unique visitors per month. In a first round financing, Gemstar-TV Guide International invested $2.8 million into the website. In September 2007, paidContent reported that BuddyTV was being acquired by Comcast, at which time is was receiving 3 million unique visitors per month and had hired 20 employees. However, the reports were later confirmed to be untrue. In April 2008, BuddyTV raised $6 million in a second round, with investments mainly coming from Madrona Venture Group. The two rounds saw a total raise of $9 million. Funding was expected to go towards investing in new personnel and technology.
BuddyTV has been compared to the television commentary site Television Without Pity. Television Without Pity's co-editor Sarah Bunting said that the website's focus is on in-depth and humorous recaps that appear three or four days after the episodes air. BuddyTV is designed, however, to provide immediate feedback. Liu said that many television networks were interested in partnering with BuddyTV to build online communities around their shows.
In September 2010, BuddyTV entered the mobile space with a new app for the iPhone and iPad. “We’re making a big bet on the mobile and tablet side of things,” said CEO Andy Liu. “When I watch TV, I’ve got my iPad open, I’ve got mobile phones nearby as well, and I think in the next 12 to 18 months this whole movement towards being a lot more social in television is really going to come together, and we just want to get ahead of that. It’s amazing how much hardware has changed this space.”
Soon after its first mobile app release, Seattle entrepreneur and technology executive Bill Baxter joined BuddyTV as its chief technology officer and executive vice president of products. A year later, the app was featured in TechCrunch.
Business model.
BuddyTV makes money through online advertising and by offering advanced publishing tools to commentators. The website has a partnership with Windows Media Center, allowing viewers to turn on BuddyTV commentary on their televisions during shows. In 2007, online survey hosting company QuestionPro and Buddy TV created a new way for advertisers to learn about the viewers of television series which featured their ads. BuddyTV uses custom online surveys from QuestionPro to gather information and opinion from the community of fans. BuddyTV's analysts compile the results and produce a report within days for the advertiser.
In June 2010, BuddyTV entered an advertising partnership with Flixster and Rotten Tomatoes. "This is a terrific partnership that capitalizes on each company's growth in social networking, mobile, and online to reach a huge and influential audience of trendsetting consumers," said Joe Greenstein, co-founder and CEO of Flixster Inc. "For us, we now have a large and professional sales force to sell our inventory directly to agencies and advertisers," said BuddyTV's Neal Freeland. "We already have some of these relationships, but expect this partnership to grow the volume significantly."
Impact.
BuddyTV has been described as "the Web's best entertainment-based community site".
The website contains information about 410 television series, and provides content to the "Seattle Post-Intelligencer". Co-founder Liu describes it as the "largest independent TV fan site". In March and April 2007, BuddyTV was the seventh most visited website in the Seattle startup index.

</doc>
<doc id="20499594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499594" title="Haras du Mezeray">
Haras du Mezeray

Haras du Mezeray is a French Thoroughbred horse breeding farm located at Ticheville, Orne, in the Lower Normandy region of France. A property, it was founded in 1962 by prominent horseman, Paul de Moussac (1924-1995). The operation maintains one hundred horse stalls and a pre-training center suitable for all-weather galloping. 
Now run by Charles-Henri de Moussac, Haras du Mezeray has maintained up to seventy mares and its current stallion roster includes Ballingarry, Muhtathir, and Trempolino.
Since its founding, Haras du Mezeray has produced notable horses such as Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winners Trempolino (1987) and Subotica (1992), 1988 Arlington Million winner Mill Native, and in Kentucky, Artie Schiller, winner of the 2005 Breeders' Cup Mile.

</doc>
<doc id="20499616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499616" title="Begović">
Begović

Begović () is a Serbian, Bosnian and Croatian surname. It is derived from the Ottoman Turkish word "beg". It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20499620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499620" title="Gilmar Lobato da Rocha">
Gilmar Lobato da Rocha

Gilmar Lobato da Rocha, simply Gilmar (born 17 October 1973 in Natal, Rio Grande do Norte), is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a central midfielder. He also held Portuguese citizenship, due to the many years spent in the country (14 seasons in representation of four teams).
In Portugal's top division Gilmar amassed totals of 142 games and five goals, with Varzim SC (two seasons) and Associação Naval 1º de Maio (five, even though he did not appear in his last one).

</doc>
<doc id="20499692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499692" title="René Cresté">
René Cresté

René Cresté (5 December 1881 – 30 November 1922) was a French stage and film actor and director of the silent film era. Cresté is possibly best recalled as Judex, the title character in the Louis Feuillade-directed crime-adventure serial "Judex", which ran in twelve installments in theaters from 1917 until 1918.
Early life and career.
Born in Paris, France, he began his acting career on the stages of Paris in distinguished theatrical roles in plays such as "Claudine à Paris" ("Claudine in Paris"), written by and performed alongside Colette, "Ruy Blas" by Victor Hugo and "Adrienne Lecouvreur" by Eugene Scribe.
"Judex".
René Cresté was signed to a contract to the Gaumont Film Company in 1908. Little is known of his first film appearances as they are considered lost. In 1912 he began appearing in a series of mystery shorts directed by Léonce Perret. He then began appearing in a number of films directed by Louis Feuillade for Gaumont studios. At the onset of the First World War, Cresté enlisted in the French army and actively participated in the fighting. Injured and demobilized, he resumed his acting career at Gaumont studios by the end of 1915.
In 1916, Feuillade and writer Arthur Bernède began to develop a surrealistic character called 'Jacques de Tremeuse' (aka 'Judex') - a mysterious avenger who sports a signature long dark cloak and wide-brimmed slouch hat. The character's nemesis was the callous banker Favraux, who had carelessly driven thousands of people into bankruptcy. The character of Judex is widely recognized as one of cinema's first superheroes.
René Cresté was eventually cast as 'Judex' and the serial began production in 1917 and was released the same year in its first installment to critical and public praise. The serial also starred Musidora, Édouard Mathé, Gaston Michel, René Poyen, Yvette Andréyor and Yvonne Dario.
Following the success of "Judex", Cresté appeared in the 1918 serial "Tih Minh", directed by Feuillade, then founded his own film production company, Films-René-Cresté, for which he produced and directed several ultimately unsuccessful films.
Death.
René Cresté died in 1922 of tuberculosis. To support the financial needs of his widow and infirmed daughter, a charity gala was organized by friends of the Cresté family in February 1929. Three months following the event, his only daughter Renée died.

</doc>
<doc id="20499699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499699" title="Alfred Frank Hardiman">
Alfred Frank Hardiman

Alfred Frank Hardiman (21 May 1891 - 17 April 1949) was an English sculptor. He was born at 17 Orde Hall Street, London, the son of Alfred William Hardiman, silversmith, of Holborn, and his wife, Ada Myhill.
Life.
Hardiman won a London County Council Scholarship to the Royal College of Art in 1912, and three years later joined the Royal Academy School. After a period as an engineer's draughtsman in the Royal Flying Corps during the First World War, Hardiman resumed his studies and in 1920 was awarded the British Prix de Rome scholarship, spending two years at the British School at Rome. There he developed his style, a blend of naturalism and classicism influenced by Roman and Etruscan art and early fifth century Greek sculpture.
Hardiman’s best-known (but also most controversial) work is the Earl Haig Memorial on Whitehall in London. More universally admired are the heraldic lions flanking the main entrance to the City Hall, Norwich, a work which fully epitomises his style. He was appointed consultant sculptor to the building, having worked with one of the architects, Stephen Rowland Pierce, on the Haig Memorial. Hardiman also carved three large stone figures for the council chamber, and worked with other sculptors on the project including James Woodford and Eric Aumonier.
Hardiman was elected Associate of the Royal Academy in 1936 and a full Academician in 1944. He became a fellow of the Royal Society of British Sculptors in 1938 and the following year received their silver medal for his statue of Haig. In 1946 he won a gold medal for his bronze fountain figure for the New Council House, College Green, Bristol, which however was never erected.
In 1918 he married Violet, daughter of Herbert Clifton White, of London, and had two daughters. He died at Stoke Poges 17 April 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="20499714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499714" title="Jalan Sedili Kechil">
Jalan Sedili Kechil

Jalan Sedili Kechil, Federal Route (Formerly Johor state route ) is a federal road in Johor, Malaysia. It is also a main route to Teluk Mahkota and Tanjung Balau.
Route background.
The Kilometre Zero of the Federal Route 213 starts at Tanjung Sedili.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 213 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20499729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499729" title="Edoardo Giorgetti">
Edoardo Giorgetti

Edoardo Giorgetti (born February 5, 1989) is an Italian breaststroke swimmer.
In 2006, Giorgetti was Junior World Champion in 100 m and 200 m breaststroke, and in 4×100 m medley relay.
In 2007, Giorgetti was Junior European Champion in 200 m breaststroke and won the silver medal in 100 m of the same stroke behind Dániel Gyurta. He also represented Italy at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships swimming 100 m breaststroke.
In 2008, Giorgetti set the new short course European record for 200 m breaststroke in 2:05.02.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20499755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499755" title="2010 European Men's Handball Championship qualification – Group 4">
2010 European Men's Handball Championship qualification – Group 4

The qualification group 4 for the 2010 European Men's Handball Championship includes the national teams of Croatia, Finland, Greece, Hungary and Slovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="20499767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499767" title="Xavier Saint-Just">
Xavier Saint-Just

Xavier Saint-Just pseud, of Georges Neczpal (age unknown) was a 20th-century French artist, painter and illustrator. He illustrated ads for many of the top magazines during the 1950s and 1960s. He is most widely regarded as a children's book illustrator but also created erotic art under the slight name variation of Xavier Saint-Justh into the 1980s. His whimsical style of art was very influential and is still imitated by illustrators today. Among the best-known of Saint-Just's art works are his Bambi paintings which were commissioned for a children's book by Felix Salten, they have been reproduced on everything from clothes and handbags to cigarette lighters .

</doc>
<doc id="20499776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499776" title="Marcelo Oliveira da Silva">
Marcelo Oliveira da Silva

Marcelo Oliveira Silva known as Marcelinho (born 10 September 1984) is a Brazilian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20499788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499788" title="Streatlam Castle">
Streatlam Castle

Streatlam Castle was a Baroque stately home located near the town of Barnard Castle in County Durham, England. Owned by the Bowes-Lyon family, Earls of Strathmore and Kinghorne, the house was one of the family's three principal seats, alongside Glamis Castle in Forfarshire, Scotland and Gibside, near Gateshead. Streatlam incorporated some of land, along with an estate consisting of some twenty farms. The last occupant was Lord Glamis, heir to the earldom, although the estate was owned by the Earl of Strathmore, his father.
History.
The House came to the Bowes family in the mid-Eighteenth century. For much of the nineteenth century, it was owned by John Bowes, the eldest son of the 10th Earl of Strathmore who was illegitimate under English law as his parents married after he was born (and under Scottish law as they had no Scottish domicile), but was able to inherit a life interest in the family's English wealth and properties. During his tenancy, Streatlam was described as consisting of twenty-four bedrooms, two oak drawing-rooms, the yellow drawing room, the great dining room, the billiard-room, the study and the gentlemen's room.
Following his death without issue, the estate was reunited with the Earldom in 1885. Unlike the fate of other properties which belonged to the Bowes-Lyon family, such as Gibside (which lay within a major coalfield near Gateshead and so was considered spoilt by pollution from the surrounding coal mines), Streatlam sat amidst the beautiful countryside of the Durham Dales.
Decline and demolition.
The last occupier was Lord Glamis, heir to the Earldom, who had been living there since at least 1915. The Earl of Strathmore was determined to sell off the house and the land, however, and the bulk of the estate was sold to private tenants, with the remainder fetching £100,000 at auction. 
Lord Glamis moved to a substantial farm near East Grinstead, where he resided until he succeeded his father as Earl of Strathmore in 1944.
Some see it as little surprise that the Earl of Strathmore chose Glamis Castle over Streatlam, the house being considered architecturally "awkward and unsatisfactory" (as was claimed in Country Life Magazine in 1915). Also as the aristocratical titles of the last owner and occupant would suggest, Streatlam was less important in historical terms.
Although there was no pressing financial need to sell at the time, with the family still earning a substantial income from the estate's coal mining holdings, in the end the house was simply considered superfluous. The Earl also owned Wemmergill in County Durham, St Paul's Walden Bury in Hertfordshire and the Gibside estate in Gateshead. It was also a time when many aristocratic families were seeking to cut back on ostentatious displays of wealth following the destruction of the nobility in the Russian Revolution, plus there was a shortage of domestic servants following the First World War. 
Lady Strathmore, though ill at the time, hurried down to Streatlam to rescue as many items as possible, many of which were taken to Glamis Castle. The armorial ceiling, installed at Streatlam by John Bowes, were moved to the Bowes Museum, which he had established.
Finally in 1959 the shell was blown up as a training exercise by the Territorial Army. Today only Streatlam Park remains.

</doc>
<doc id="20499797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499797" title="Ryan MacBeth">
Ryan MacBeth

Ryan MacBeth (born 29 April 1991) is a Scottish football midfielder who is currently playing for Clyde in Scottish League Two.
Career.
Having been part of the Partick Thistle youth set-up, he was signed at the start of the 2008-09 season on the Modern Apprentice scheme. He made his first team début against Stirling Albion at Forthbank, coming on as a substitute for Alan Archibald in the second half of the Third Round Scottish Cup match on Saturday 29 November 2008.
In February 2011, he joined Clyde on loan for a month. He was released by Partick Thistle in March 2012. 
Clyde.
MacBeth made his début starting the second half in the 2-1 win over Annan Athletic at Broadwood.

</doc>
<doc id="20499800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499800" title="David Ridler">
David Ridler

David Ridler (born 12 March 1976 in Liverpool) is an English footballer and manager.
He began his career with Wrexham, turning professional in August 1995. In May 2001, after over 100 football league appearances, he was released and joined Macclesfield Town. In March 2003 he joined Scarborough, but left in July that year to join Shrewsbury Town. In May 2004 he was part of the Conference play-off winning side that took Shrewsbury back into the Football League.
He lost his place in the Shrewsbury side and was made available for loan in September 2004.
In March 2005 he left Shrewsbury to join Conference National side Leigh RMI.
He began the 2007-08 season with Prescot Cables, but left in October 2007 to join Winsford United.
He left Winsford to join Caernarfon Town in September 2008.
On 21 May 2009 Dave was appointed assistant manager of Prescot Cables. He became Caretaker Manager when boss Joe Gibliru left in November 2010 and was chosen as full-time boss a month later. He left the club to coach overseas in late 2011.
David is currently working with Liverpool F.C. at their academy in Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="20499816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499816" title="Stevan Kovačević">
Stevan Kovačević

Stevan Kovačević (; born 9 January 1988 in Kragujevac, Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for F.C. Arouca in Portugal, as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="20499821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499821" title="Cambio Democrático">
Cambio Democrático

Cambio Democrático can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20499844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499844" title="Peter Farmer (hammer throw)">
Peter Farmer (hammer throw)

Peter John Farmer (25 June 1952) is an Australian-American hammer thrower, and educator. Born in Sydney, NSW Australia, he moved to El Paso Texas, USA in the early 70's to pursue his academic career, at University of Texas at El Paso, where he completed his bachelors degree, master degree and doctoral degree.
He participated in:
In addition, he has held coaching appointments, National Coach of Mexico, Throwing Coach of Norway and at the Australian Institute of Sport. Peter also held positions as a television sports reporter and international commentator (Network 10 and ABC); and Executive Director of a non-profit sports and recreation community organization.
Dr. Farmer authored a book on Planning and Management of Sport Facilities, and written several book chapters and articles in the areas of Risk Management, Event and Facility Management, and areas in Track and Field.
He has resided between the USA (Texas, North Carolina, Louisiana) and Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20499862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499862" title="Nicolas Godemèche">
Nicolas Godemèche

Nicolas Robert Michel Godemèche (born 22 June 1984 in Marseille) is a French footballer who plays for Waasland-Beveren in Belgium, as a defensive midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="20499875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499875" title="Scremerston">
Scremerston

Scremerston is a village in Northumberland, England. The village lies on the North Sea coast about south of Berwick-upon-Tweed. Scremerston lies adjacent to the A1, the main national north/south trunk road, providing access to Newcastle upon Tyne to the south, and to the Scottish capital Edinburgh to the north.
History.
The lands historically were held by the Radcliffe family, Earls of Derwentwater, but when James the last earl was tainted in 1716 the lands were granted to the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital. At the end of the nineteenth century the sole landowners are given as the Lords of the Admiralty.
Geological variations in this area allowed many seams to develop, some two feet thick, and were among the earliest coal formations in Britain. There were extensive collieries and manufactories of lime, bricks and tiles around Scremerston, and this, as well as agriculture, were the mainstays for employment for people in the area. The soil is of a clay nature, perfect for the making of bricks and tiles. Crops such as wheat, beans, barley, oats and turnip were grown. The parish is largely agricultural, but the influence of mining is responsible for the growth of the township, though today all of those mines have been closed. The Anglican church of St. Peter's stands here, consecrated in 1842 and built in the early English style. There was also a Primitive Methodist chapel built in 1886 at a cost of nearly £400. The population for 1851 is given as 1,152 people though by 1891 it had fallen to 890.
Governance.
Scremerston is in the parliamentary constituency of Berwick-upon-Tweed.
Landmarks.
The Devil's Causeway passes the village less than to the west. The causeway is a Roman road which starts at Port Gate on Hadrian's Wall, north of Corbridge, and extends northwards across Northumberland to the mouth of the River Tweed at Berwick-upon-Tweed.
Sports.
Berwick RFC, which plays in the Scottish leagues, is based here.

</doc>
<doc id="20499890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499890" title="Sommerrodelbahn">
Sommerrodelbahn

A Sommerrodelbahn is a form of dry toboggan run. Located on the side of a steep hill, it may consist of a track or rail upon which cars or carriages run downhill at high speed or simply a concave concrete trough down which participants slide on plastic 'toboggans'. 
An example of a "Sommerrodelbahn" may be seen in the Austrian village of Pettneu. It is in length. 

</doc>
<doc id="20499895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499895" title="Dayyan Neve">
Dayyan Neve

Dayyan Neve (born 31 March 1978) is an Australian professional surfer.
Surfing.
WCT.
In 2009 he was nominated as one of Cleo (magazine)'s Bachelor of the Year award.

</doc>
<doc id="20499905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499905" title="Saulo Rodrigues dos Santos">
Saulo Rodrigues dos Santos

Saulo Rodrigues dos Santos or simply Saulo (born February 18, 1982) is a Brazilian football player currently playing for Cypriot First Division club AEP Paphos. He holds Portuguese citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="20499918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499918" title="Corsenside">
Corsenside

 
Corsenside is a village in Northumberland, England alongside the A68 road about north of Corbridge.
Governance.
Corsenside is in the parliamentary constituency of Hexham.
Religious sites.
The tiny church of St. Cuthbert at Corsenside, between the road and the river, contains a Norman chancel arch. The age and dedication of the church makes it probable that this was one of the spots where the body of St. Cuthbert rested during the flight of the monks from Holy Island, 875-882 AD. They probably came here from Elsdon; and continued by way of Bellingham, Haydon Bridge, Beltingham, etc. The neighbouring house with small mullioned windows is a 17th-century building.

</doc>
<doc id="20499926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499926" title="Delia Pemberton">
Delia Pemberton

Delia Pemberton (born 1954) is an author and lecturer in Egyptology, formerly with the British Museum and Birkbeck College, University of London, UK. Best known for her work in museum education, she has published a number of popular works on ancient Egypt and related topics for both adults and children.

</doc>
<doc id="20499933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499933" title="John Cecil Clay">
John Cecil Clay

John Cecil Clay, 1875-1930, was an American illustrator known for genre and caricature paintings.
Clay was born in Ronceverte, West Virginia to a long-time Southern family. He was a student of Henry Siddons Mowbray at the Art Students League of New York and had a graphic style that was suited to illustration. A recurring subject was pretty young women. During his life he worked for "Life" and "Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly".
He was a member of Society of Illustrators and was represented at the St. Louis Exposition-World's Fair 1904. Apart from the above mentioned magazines he also worked as an illustrator for "The Century Magazine", "Saturday Evening Post" and "Good Housekeeping".

</doc>
<doc id="20499937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499937" title="Diego Ângelo de Oliveira">
Diego Ângelo de Oliveira

Diego Ângelo de Oliveira, known as Diego Ângelo (born 17 February 1986), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Eskişehirspor in Turkey, as a central defender.
Club career.
Brazil.
Born in Anápolis, Goiás, Diego Ângelo started his professional career in São Paulo state with Santos FC. After signing a six-month contract in July 2005, he penned a new one-year deal in January of the following year.
On 1 March 2007 Ângelo left for Ituano Futebol Clube, signing a contract until 31 December. He played in the season's São Paulo State League, as well as in the second national division: he started the opening match against Ceará Sporting Club on 12 May, and scored a goal on 10 July in a 3–1 home win against Paulista Futebol Clube.
Ângelo played his last match for Ituano on 28 August 2007, a 1–1 home draw against Marília Atlético Clube, with his team ranking 20th and last.
Naval.
On 30 August 2007, Diego Ângelo signed for Associação Naval 1º de Maio in Portugal. He made his official debut on 30 September in a 0–2 loss at C.D. Nacional, and finished his first season with 22 games and four goals as the Figueira da Foz outfit managed to retain its top division status.
In 2009–10 Ângelo played all 30 league matches for Naval, who finished a best-ever eighth. During that season he also signed a pre-contract with Italian side Genoa CFC, after the Serie A team agreed a fee with the Portuguese.
Genoa and Eskişehirspor.
On 19 May 2010, Diego was called up to Genoa's end-season training camp. He made his club debut on the same day, a 2–1 friendly match with Prima Divisione team A.S. Lucchese Libertas 1905.
On 12 August, however, he left for Turkish club Eskişehirspor on loan, with the Süper Lig club having an option to purchase him at the end of the campaign. In late May 2011, the player was signed permanently to a two-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="20499943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499943" title="Pringle Kennedy">
Pringle Kennedy

Pringle Kennedy (1855–1925) was an author and barrister. He wrote 2 books (during 1905-1925) for which he is best known:
Pringle Kennedy has observed ("Arabian Society at the Time of Muhammad", pp. 8–10, 18-21): "Muhammad was, to use a striking expression, the man of the hour."
In 1908, the young Bengali revolutionary, Khudi Ram Bose, an 18 year-old, was hanged for throwing a bomb at the carriage of Pringle Kennedy and killing his wife and daughter.
Pringle Kennedy died in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="20499945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499945" title="Partido Nacional Liberal">
Partido Nacional Liberal

Partido Nacional Liberal can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20499954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499954" title="Howtel">
Howtel

Howtel is a village in Northumberland, England about northwest of Wooler. The name Howtel is thought to mean Low Ground with a Holt or Wood.
History.
Howtel once possessed a strong pele, mentioned in the report of Sir Robert Bowes on the Border in 1542 as one of several that had been "rased and casten downe" by the Scots. The surviving ruins of Howtel Tower are now surrounded by farm buildings. The village is listed, too, along with Lanton, Milfield, Heatherslaw, Branxton, Heaton, Pawston, and Mindrum in the order of the watch in this part of the Border, as set forth in an act of Edward VI's reign. The villages mentioned had to supply a nightly patrol of fourteen men, who made their rounds on horseback. At the close of the nineteenth century the Alnwick and Cornhill branch of the North East railway passed close by, and the nearest station was at Kirknewton. Watson-Askew-Robertson was named as the lord of the manor. There was a Presbyterian chapel, which was built in 1850 to seat 350 people. The village also had a national school, built in 1875 for 60 children. The average attendance was 45 and the schoolmaster was Robert Strong. The census returns for 1891 show that there were 116 people living in Howtel; this represented a slight drop from the beginning of the century when the returns stood at 186.
Governance.
Howtel is in the parliamentary constituency of Berwick-upon-Tweed.

</doc>
<doc id="20499955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499955" title="Danny Fairbrass">
Danny Fairbrass

Danny Fairbrass is a carp angler from the United Kingdom. He is also the founder of Korda Developments, a company which manufactures terminal tackle items, specifically for carp fishing. He has made a number of different carp fishing programs including the Korda Underwater Carp Fishing series, Thinking Tackle for Sky Sports and State of the art Carp Fishing with fellow angler Frank Warwick.
He currently lives in Blackheath, South East London.
His personal best is a catch of 72 lb's from Gigantica, a lake he purchased in 2008.
Danny's UK personal best is 48 lb 10oz.
Korda Developments.
Fairbrass is perhaps best known for being the founder of Korda Developments. He started his business by selling Leads out of a bucket around Walthamstow Reservoir.
for more information look at korda and http://www.korda.co.uk
Charity Work.
Danny also has many fundrasing events to encourage young anglers to get involved in the sport, including the Carp Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20499972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499972" title="Duncan Clark (athlete)">
Duncan Clark (athlete)

Duncan McDougall Munro Clark (22 June 1915 – 8 July 2003) was an Olympic athlete from Scotland. He specialised in the hammer throw events during his career.
Clark represented Great Britain in two consecutive Olympic Games, starting in 1948. He claimed the gold medal for Scotland in the men's hammer throw event at the 1950 British Empire Games in Auckland, New Zealand.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20499980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499980" title="Warden, Northumberland">
Warden, Northumberland

Warden is a village in Northumberland, England about west of Hexham.
The North and South Tyne actually meet near the village of Warden. There is a pleasant walk from the Boat Inn along the bank of the South Tyne to the meeting of the waters. The Boat Inn was formerly the place of a ferry until the toll bridge was built across the river. The toll house still stands, but the old bridge was replaced in 1904 by a County structure. The Newcastle and Carlisle Railway crosses the river by a strongly built iron bridge. Warden is dominated by the old motte, now tree covered, and higher still are the earthworks of a prehistoric fort. The church boasts one of the slender Anglo-Danish towers which are a feature of the Tyne valley. The churchyard appears oval in shape, which reinforces the notion of the great age of these Tyne parish centres. A carved stone stands close to the tower, but nothing more is claimed for it than being a 'market cross'. As, however, there is no record of a market here, inherently unlikely because of the proximity of Hexham market, a better case for its origin may be as one of the boundary crosses marking the sanctuary limits or 'frith' of St Wilfrid's church at Hexham. The socket of one such cross survived near the road at Acomb.
From Warden one can see eastwards among the trees which rise on the northern slope of the valley the spire of the Church of St John Lee on high ground at Acomb. It commemorates the hermitage of St John of Beverley, sometime bishop of Hexham (689-705). The present church is no older than 1818-85.
From High Warden, on the hillside, a path leads to a large fortified British camp crowning the hill, which gives a fine outlook over the surrounding country.
Governance.
Warden is in the parliamentary constituency of Hexham.
Economy.
Warden is situated on a triangle of land between the two Tynes. It had a water mill on the North Tyne and a paper mill on the South Tyne, which started in 1763 and still exists. A century ago a visitor described how the rags were converted into beautiful white paper. The mill employed 63 hands.
Religious sites.
The church at Warden is dedicated to St Michael, and has a fine upstanding Anglo Saxon tower dating back to the eleventh century, and built of Roman stone. Indications are that there was a church earlier than the tower, and in the post Conquest period, another church was added to the tower. The tower arch is built of Roman material, probably from Chesters. Transepts were added in the thirteenth century making the church cruciform in shape. There were alterations in the eighteenth century, and the chancel was rebuilt in 1889. In the chancel is a Norman grave-cover that is the best of its kind in the county. Its shape and tile decoration symbolise a house of the dead.
There are a number of incised grave covers in the porch, and a Roman altar that has been carved with Saxon knot-work. It has been split and reversed, possibly "to empty out the devils." An 18th century horsing-stool stands at the church-gate.
There is also a Methodist church built in 1851. In appearance it resembles a barn rather than an ecclesiastical edifice.

</doc>
<doc id="20499997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20499997" title="Rolldabeats">
Rolldabeats

rolldabeats (previously Tarzan) is an online music database dedicated to drum and bass and its various stylistic origins. It was launched in February 2005 by the original webmaster Thijs Engels, and web designer Tom "Haste" Johnson. According to the website, the database holds over 100,000 tracks released by more than 20,000 artists.
History.
rolldabeats originally started as an offline database stored on Engels' computer, first as plain text and then later as an Excel worksheet. The database grew and after five years Engels decided to make the database available online. In late 2001 he launched Tarzan using the database compiled from his personal music collection. With the help of site visitors through the guestbook and forum, the database continued to expand in both detail and volume.
In 2005 the website was redesigned by Haste, one of the contributors from the Tarzan forum, and was relaunched as rolldabeats in February with its own domain name. It is now co-owned by Engels and Haste and maintained by a small team of site moderators, and has subsequently collected information on over 100,000 tracks released by more than 20,000 artists.
The site was nominated twice for Best Website in the Dutch Drum 'n' Bass Awards of 2006–07, losing to DnBForum.nl on both occasions, and taking joint second with 3VOOR12 in the latter. It has also promoted a series of DJ mixes titled "A Decade in the Mix" by various members of the site staff which illustrate the development of drum and bass in the 1990s. The site held a fundraiser on 3 November 2007, hosted by London nightclub DiTch, featuring several live sets including DJ Bailey of BBC Radio 1Xtra.
Content.
rolldabeats provides information on artists, releases and record labels which includes catalogue numbers, track listings, release dates and cover artwork. The site owners are considering incorporating features such as audio clips of tracks, and music videos. The site also has an active Internet forum for announcements and submitting updates.
Site content is collected in several different ways. Originally the database was compiled from Engels' personal music collection, and later extended from the collections of site moderators. Some of the data is also gathered from online research by the site staff. The site also gathers much of its information from visitors through a forum, as well as other means including e-mail and instant messaging, which is then confirmed and added manually by a site moderator. Visitors, particularly artists and label owners, are openly encouraged to submit updates on any information that is missing or incorrect.

</doc>
<doc id="20500022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500022" title="Popular Action">
Popular Action

Popular Action may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20500023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500023" title="Kamala Nagar">
Kamala Nagar

Kamala Nagar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20500030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500030" title="Early Spring (painting)">
Early Spring (painting)

Early Spring is a hanging scroll painting by Guo Xi. Completed in 1072, it is one of the most famous works of Chinese art from the Song Dynasty period. The work demonstrates his innovative techniques for producing multiple perspectives which he called "the angle of totality."
The poem in the upper right corner was added in 1759 by Emperor Qianlong. It reads:

</doc>
<doc id="20500033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500033" title="Alexandre Hauw">
Alexandre Hauw

Alexandre Hauw (born 22 January 1982 in Bourgoin-Jallieu, Isère) is a French footballer who plays as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="20500037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500037" title="Matthew Songer">
Matthew Songer

Matthew Songer is an American surgeon and Chairman of the Board of Pioneer Surgical Technology, which he founded in 1992 and based in Marquette, Michigan. 
His first major product developed was the Songer Cable, used in spine surgeries. Dr. Songer and the Songer Cable were featured in the book, "Contemporary Management of Spinal Cord Injuries: From Impact to Rehabilitation". [http://books.google.com/books?id=UUfs4lYLFZEC&pg=PA166&lpg=PA166&dq=songer+cable&source=web&ots=mZP04PoHQX&sig=EoJLn-QQYKhAPFEVk6rntltrky0#PPA165,M1] 
Dr. Songer earned a biological sciences degree at Michigan Technological University, a medical degree at the University of Illinois and an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.

</doc>
<doc id="20500041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500041" title="Nikon D3X">
Nikon D3X

The Nikon D3X is a 24.4 megapixel professional-grade full frame (35mm) digital single-lens reflex camera (DSLR) announced by the Nikon Corporation on 1 December 2008. The D3X is the third camera in Nikon's line to offer a full frame sensor, following the D3 and D700. As Nikon's new flagship model, it augments the Nikon D3S, Nikon's high-speed professional model, and while the D3S retains advantages in terms of high ISO performance and higher frame rate, the D3X offers a dramatic increase in resolution and image detail.
The D3S and D3X follow the earlier Nikon D1, Nikon D2H, Nikon D2Hs, Nikon D2X, Nikon D2Xs, and Nikon D3 as the company's top-of-the-line DSLRs intended for professional photographers, which in turn share a lineage with the Nikon F through Nikon F6 series of film SLRs. 
Features.
It otherwise offers nearly all the features of the D3S, including robust weather-sealed alloy-body construction and a built-in vertical grip. Its Nikon EXPEED image processor features automatic correction of lateral chromatic aberration, and vignetting ("vignette control") and lens distortion ("distortion"), as well as image rotation ("straighten") via playback ("retouch") menu and in camera 5:4 aspect ratio cropping.
Reception.
The combination of very high resolution with the option of 14-bit per channel recording and a very sharp anti-aliasing filter (which Nikon claims is a unique design) provides extremely high image quality, with superior dynamic range and color accuracy compared with that of other 35mm-format digital cameras. 
Reception of the Nikon D3X by independent reviewers has been very positive, with reservations centered on just a few disadvantages, especially its high price. Imaging Resource concludes that the D3X produces the highest image quality of any camera they have tested to date. Digital Photography Review likewise concludes that the resolution and image detail is stunning, probably the best of any digital SLR camera on the market, including the closest competitor from Canon, the EOS-1Ds Mark III. Nikon claims the D3X is a competitor to medium-format digital backs, a claim supported both by testing and by many D3X users who report on their experiences online. On the down side, Digital Photography Review notes that the D3X performs worse than the D3 in terms of speed (frame rate) and high ISO performance. Like many reviewers, they also point out the most obvious disadvantage of the D3X: the camera lists for $8000, though the present market price is much lower.
The Nikon D3X has been tested by many other independent reviewers. Sample images with many cameras at all ISO speeds can be compared. In May 2009, the D3X won the TIPA European Photo & Imaging Award, in the "Best D-SLR Professional" category.

</doc>
<doc id="20500044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500044" title="Champika Liyanaarachchi">
Champika Liyanaarachchi

The First woman to be the editor of a daily newspaper in Sri Lanka, Champika Liyanaarachchi is the Editor-In-Chief of Sri Lanka’s largest selling English daily, the Daily Mirror.
A lecturer in International Law at the Faculty of Graduate Studies, University of Colombo she took over duties as the Editor-In-Chief, Daily Mirror in January 2007 thus becoming the youngest editor ever to head a national newspaper.
Liyanaarachchi holds a Master’s Degree’ Degree in Conflict Resolution (MCR) from University of Colombo and is currently reading for her M Phil/ Ph D at University of Kelaniya, Sri Lanka. 
She read for a Bachelor’s degree in English Literature from University of Sri Jayewardenapura. The University of Sri Jayewardenapura offered her a youth fellowship after she became the student to get the highest marks for English Literature in the first year. This fellowship, granted to the university by the Japanese government, saw her travelling to South Africa, Tanzania, UAE and Japan within a span of three months. She was the President of the English Literary Association of the university and joined the Mirror editorial while still being a second year student.
Liyanaarachchi was appointed the Editor-In-Chief of Daily Mirror in January 2007 and under her the Daily Mirror became the first ever newspaper to break news on web dailymirror.lk as well as on iPad. Besides, in 2009 she started Mirror’s Tamil news website tamilmirror.lk,and also the Daily Mirror mobile breaking news service with two mobile phone operators. In addition to this the Daily Mirror also runs the sports website mirrorsports.lk which too comes under her purview.
Three years after taking over duties as Chief Editor, Liyanaarachchi managed to double the circulation of the Daily Mirror.
The Sri Lanka Representative for Paris based Reporters Sans Frontieres (Reporters without Borders) from 2003-2006, Liyanaarachchi was a member of the Board of Directors of the Commonwealth Journalists Association (CJA) from 2003 – 2012.
Winner of Zonta – Woman of Achievement in Media 2004 award she was a speaker at the 2009 World Editors’ Forum as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20500045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500045" title="Disease in colonial America">
Disease in colonial America

Disease in colonial America was a very dangerous unknown entity with very few remedies at the beginning of Colonial America. Throughout Colonial America many diseases came, some deadly and others treatable but all had in common, that they were the first diseases that were seen by the new country. The most common way to purge one of any disease was blood letting. The method was crude due to the initial lack of knowledge about infection and disease among medical practitioners. The diseases helped shape modern medicine and doctors, and allowed colonists to broaden their knowledge and experience with what was virtually unknown at the time.
Physicians.
In Colonial America, governors, churchmen, and educators administered medical care to the residents in their village or town. Each learned the art of medicine and healing through apprenticeship, learning from an instructor at a patient's bedside. He would help his instructor by doing various duties such as the housework. In Colonial America, there was no distinction between physicians and surgeons; when an emergency occurred the person who was responsible for administering medical care was expected to handle all aspects of the problem. In some cases, there were families in which the practice of medicine was passed down through the generations. Because so many were "unqualified" in medicine and had only limited experience making a diagnosis, they were forced to rely on papers written by others or drugs. There were several noted physicians in Colonial America.
Thomas Sydenham.
Thomas Sydenham was an English Physician whose medical writings influenced American physicians like Thomas Thacher. Sydenham threw aside medical speculating, making him the first great modern clinical physician. He wrote first hand accounts of diseases like malarial fever, gout, dysentery, and chorea. His separation of scarlatina from measles was a medical breakthrough. His commonsense was found throughout Thomas Thacher's article based on his works.
Thomas Thacher.
Thomas Thacher was an outstanding Puritan preacher and physician of his time. After coming to America at fifteen, Thacher received his early education under pastor Charles Chauncy. Thomas Thacher's education was liberal, he learned Hebrew, Arabic, and "the elements of medicine". Thacher committed much of his time to the practice of medicine and was regarded by other colonists as a prominent physician in Boston. Shortly before Thomas Thacher's death in 1677, he wrote a short article on smallpox and measles. It was the first medical paper written that was published in America. Although the article was only one page, it had great importance because it was an abbreviated portion of writings by Thomas Sydenham. The article was written to make colonists aware of the smallpox epidemic in Boston at the time. Thacher's idea of broadcasting the article did not catch on; however, there was some endeavor to care for common illnesses.
Giles Firmin.
Giles Firmin was a deacon in Boston, who came to America from England in 1632. While practicing medicine in Ipswich, Massachusetts, Firmin became the first anatomical lecturer in America. Firmin gave detailed lectures about dried bones stimulating an interest of the General Court in 1647. The court recommended that his anatomical lectures be given at least once every four years. Nevertheless, like Thacher’s article broadcast it was not followed and anatomy went untaught.
John Winthrop.
John Winthrop was a physician who was in constant communication with England asking for advice on various medical topics. Winthrop realized the Colony needed trained doctors and received from a physician in England eight pages of notes on herbs and their uses in curing diseases in 1643. Through these notes, Winthrop used the knowledge to advise the people in the Colony. He was untrained in medicine and had little experience in making a diagnosis relying a great deal on the notes from England. Winthrop's recommendations were for various ointments, nauseous remedies, cupping, bandages and baths. His practice was later taken over by his son.
Epidemic of Diseases.
Epidemics of many diseases were repented during the colonial times - particularly smallpox, plague, and yellow fever.
Yellow Fever.
Yellow Fever was a disease that caused thousands of deaths and many people to flee the afflicted areas. It begins with a headache, backache, and fever making the patient extremely sick from the start, and gets its name from the yellow color of the skin, which develops in the third day of the illness. At the end of one week, the afflicted person is either dead or recovering. Yellow Fever is transmitted by mosquitoes, when it bites an infected person it carries several thousand infective doses of the disease making it a carrier for life passing it from human to human.
Yellow Fever made its first appearance in America in 1668, in Philadelphia and New York as well as Boston in 1693 brought over from Barbados. Throughout the Colonial period, there were several epidemics in those cities as well as Texas, New Hampshire, Florida and up the Mississippi river as far as St. Louis, Missouri. During many of these epidemics, the residents who chose to stay in the area avoided others by shutting themselves in their houses away from friends and jobs. Unemployment and businesses coming to a halt was universal. The death rate was so high the people had to work day and night to bury the dead.
Smallpox.
Smallpox is caused by the variola virus and is extremely contagious, for it is spread by physical contact and affects children and adults alike. The epidemics of the disease were recurrent, devastating, and frequent.
Colonists tried to prevent the spread of smallpox by isolation and inoculation. Inoculation was new to the country and very controversial among people because of the threat that the disease could become uncontrollable and spread. Introduced by Zabdiel Boylston and Cotton Mather in Boston in 1721. The procedure involved injecting the infection into the patient, which resulted in a mild form of the disease. This led to a shorter period a person had Smallpox than if they had contracted naturally.
Strong support for inoculation came the leading Puritan minister, Cotton Mather, who preached for inoculations during the 1721 smallpox epidemic in Boston. His advice was heeded primarily by well-educated wealthy Puritan families. The town of Cambridge and Harvard College combined broad-based inoculation programs with inspection and isolation efforts. They providing a model followed by other New England communities, which increasingly adopted the immunization and quarantine policies by 1800.
South Carolina resisted inoculation. James Kilpatrick, a British physician vigorously promoted vaccination in the mid-18th century, but failed to convince local medical and political leaders.
Other Colonial Diseases.
Although Yellow Fever and Smallpox were two very destructive diseases that affected Colonial America, many other diseases affected the area during this time. During the early days of the colonial settlement, people brought with them contagious diseases. After the importation of African slaves, more serious parasitic diseases came to Colonial America.
Malaria.
This disease is a parasite that is found in mosquitoes, which bred more rapidly as virgin soil was broken in the Carolina lowlands for rice cultivation. The parasite found the slaves as a reservoir for the infection of the mosquito. The mosquito then transmitted the parasite to other slaves and the white population, causing rapid development of highly malarious communities. The disease spread from Maryland to Georgia, Alabama, and Florida, inland to Ohio and Missouri, and down the Gulf of Mexico. As a result from this rapid spread, Malaria became established in Colonial America.
Hookworm infection.
The Hookworm infections were first seen in 1845 Florida and 1850 Louisiana. This disease is thought to have been introduced into Colonial America from the Eastern Hemisphere, caused by a tropical parasite that was distributed throughout the moist soils of the southwest, from Virginia to Illinois and down the Gulf of Mexico toward Texas. The slaves were the carriers of the disease polluting the soil that they worked, depositing the parasitic eggs. As the eggs hatch, the parasite infects those near the soil where it lives.
Beriberi.
Unlike some diseases, beriberi is a treatable, preventable disease caused by the deficiency of vitamin B1. First seen in 1642 by the Dutch physician Jacobus Bontius, it was named for the Cingalese word meaning weakness-weakness. Beriberi is seen in two forms: wet and dry. When in the dry form the patient experience pains in their extremities, paresthesias, paralyses, and contractures due to being a paralytic type of disease. When beriberi is in its wet form the patient can expect swelling of the extremities and face along with an effusion of fluid into their joints, pleural cavity, and pericardial cavity. Beriberi in this form can lead to sudden death.
New England fishermen first discovered the disease in Colonial America in the 19th century. There have been accounts that beriberi was seen in Jamestown with people experiencing swellings and fluxes and high fevers as well as soldiers in the American Civil War who experienced the same symptoms as the disease beriberi.
Typhoid and dysentery.
Acute Bacillary dysentery has a shorter duration than Typhoid but both cause bloody flux. These two diseases are deadly in their own right but when a person has both at the same time it is almost impossible to recover.
The Typhoid Fever causes a prolonged burning fever, is debilitating, and causes death more often than not. It occurs mostly in the hot months of the year but can flare up at any time. The first epidemic of the fever was located in Virginia by Reverend Robert Hunt after taking a voyage where Typhoid Fever transpired. Typhoid Fever was a huge component of military operations; because many soldiers would become afflicted with the disease the military had a shortage of men. More men died from Typhoid Fever than in action or from wounds.
For others not listed, see Colonial Diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="20500049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500049" title="Communist Left (Chile)">
Communist Left (Chile)

The Communist Left () was a political party in Chile. The party was founded by Senator Manuel Hidalgo in 1931, as a split from the Communist Party of Chile. The organization organized various illegal trade unions. In 1937 the party merged into the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20500063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500063" title="Kamala Nagar, Bangalore">
Kamala Nagar, Bangalore

Kamala Nagar is a suburb in western Bangalore, India. It is a part of Bangalore urban district and falls in the BBMP (Bruhat Bengalooru Mahanagara Paalike) jurisdiction.
Commercial area.
There are many shops catering to all needs
Transport.
The closest railway Station is Bangalore City and Yeswanthpur Railway Station. Closest mofussil bus station is in Majestic. It is at a distance of approximately 6 km from Kamala Nagar bus stand.
The Major bus operate are 96-C, 96-G & 96-H to Majestic.

</doc>
<doc id="20500066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500066" title="Variable structure control">
Variable structure control

Variable structure control (VSC) is a form of discontinuous nonlinear control. The method alters the dynamics of a nonlinear system by application of a high-frequency "switching control". The state-feedback control law is "not" a continuous function of time; it "switches" from one smooth condition to another. So the "structure" of the control law "varies" based on the position of the state trajectory; the method switches from one smooth control law to another and possibly very fast speeds (e.g., for a countably infinite number of times in a finite time interval). VSC and associated sliding mode behaviour was first investigated in early 1950s in the Soviet Union by Emelyanov and several coresearchers.
The main mode of VSC operation is sliding mode control (SMC). The strengths of SMC include:
The weaknesses of SMC include:
However, the evolution of VSC is an active area of research.

</doc>
<doc id="20500072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500072" title="Expo Station">
Expo Station

Expo station is the name of several stations close to Expo (exhibition)s and convention centres

</doc>
<doc id="20500074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500074" title="Christine Danelson">
Christine Danelson

Christine Danelson (born May 22, 1987 in Union County, New Jersey) is an American actress best known as the understudy for the role of Tracy in the national tour of the Broadway musical "Hairspray" Danelson performed as Tracy nearly 60 times during the tour, and was critically well-regarded, with one Reno reviewer commenting "As Tracy, Danelson is the show's centerpiece and she's terrific." 
Danelson trained at the Paper Mill Playhouse in Millburn, NJ and at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center in Newark, NJ.
Danelson has appeared in two "Law & Order" franchise episodes and in two feature films, "My Sassy Girl" and "Burn Card". In 2010, she graduated cum laude from Kean University in Union, NJ where she was named the 2008 Kean Idol.
Most recently, Christine Danelson was a part of the Off Broadway production of Cloaked. She then went on to star as the lead the in Hairspray at the Paper Mill Playhouse in New Jersey. Christine was very well received at the Paper Mill and received many outstanding reviews. The Star Ledger suggested that show was better than Broadway and said: "One reason “Hairspray” is more believable in Millburn is Christine Danelson. While she dons the requisite fat suit to display Tracy’s girth, Danelson is one of the most attractive young women to have played the role. And she seems to go from one frenetic dance number to the next without shedding even a single bead of perspiration." 
The New York Times also offered their opinion of Danelson's performance at the PaperMill: "A young veteran of the show’s national tour, Christine Danelson is a joyful sweetheart as Tracy, with a mischievous Bette Midleresque face and a strong, yet fittingly cooing voice. Effortlessly gyrating through the dances — even when she snapped a shoe strap during the finale on opening night — Ms. Danelson blesses Tracy with a touch of vulnerability that makes viewers root for her ingenuous character’s triumph over Baltimore’s racism and skinnier girls. " 

</doc>
<doc id="20500080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500080" title="John Arthur (cricketer)">
John Arthur (cricketer)

John Lake Allen Arthur (born 7 April 1847, in Longford, Tasmania) was a Tasmanian cricket player, who played first class cricket for Tasmania. 
He was an opening batsman and a roundarm bowler which was the more common form of bowling at the time. Arthur represented Tasmania in three first-class matches, and a single game for a Rest of Australia side in 1872/73. Bizarrely, despite not normally playing as a wicket-keeper and never taking a single first-class catch, he did effect one first-class stumping whilst filling in as keeper. In the same match in the 1868-69 season he captained the Tasmanian side, although the match was lost and Tasmania were bowled out for just 18 in the first innings. 
John Lake Allen Arthur died in his hometown of Longford, Tasmania on 26 April 1877, aged 30 years and 19 days.

</doc>
<doc id="20500085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500085" title="Porter County Courthouse (Indiana)">
Porter County Courthouse (Indiana)

Porter County Courthouse is in Valparaiso, Porter County, Indiana. The current building replaced the brick building in 1883. The current building is 128 feet by 98 feet. It was built with a square tower rising out of the center. The tower was 168 feet tall with a clock on each side. Built of Indiana limestone from Ellettsville, it cost $125,909. During construction there were several problems with the building stone. It was eventually finished at an additional cost $10,000.
History.
The County Courthouse has always occupied this site. The first Courthouse was built in 1837. It was a wooden frame construction at a cost of $1,250. In 1853 it was replaced by a brick building (40 x 60 foot) at a cost of $13,000. An old photograph I the Historical Society of Porter County shows a Greek Revival style building. Rectangular shape with a belfry rising above a pilastered portico. The belfry is three horizontal bands, the second with louvers for a bell and a small domed top.
On December 27, 1934, the Courthouse caught fire. The temperatures were below zero degrees Fahrenheit. The fire rose through the 168-foot tall tower sending ashes across the city. It took local fire departments and some from Gary and LaPorte to finally contain the blaze. When it was out, the central structure was severely damaged and the building gutted. The cause was never determined, but many at the time believed electrical wiring caused it. The building was repaired at a cost of $172,000 by a Lafayette firm. While the profile has been lowered and the tower has not been rebuilt. The current building is much of what was restored in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="20500097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500097" title="Felipe Guimarães">
Felipe Guimarães

Felipe "Lopes" Guimarães (born March 22, 1991 in Anápolis, Goiás) is a Brazilian racing driver.
After a childhood in karting, Guimarães transitioned to the extremely competitive Formula Three Sudamericana series at the age of 16 and finished 4th in points with two victories. 2008 took him to Europe where he competed in Euroseries 3000 where he finished 9th in points. He then competed in 11 rounds of the 2008-09 A1 Grand Prix season for A1 Team Brazil where his best finish was second place in the feature race at Kyalami. He signed on with Bryan Herta Autosport to make his Firestone Indy Lights debut at Watkins Glen International in July 2009. He finished on the podium in 3rd place in his first Indy Lights start. He made two more Indy Lights starts and finished in second at Infineon Raceway.

</doc>
<doc id="20500100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500100" title="Going Straight (film)">
Going Straight (film)

Going Straight is a 1916 American silent crime drama film directed by C.M. Franklin and S.A. Franklin. The film stars Norma Talmadge and is one of the few films featuring Talmadge that exists.

</doc>
<doc id="20500110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500110" title="List of rivers of Antigua and Barbuda">
List of rivers of Antigua and Barbuda

Antigua and Barbuda does not have any permanent rivers. Following is a list of streams in Antigua. Barbuda does not have any streams.

</doc>
<doc id="20500116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500116" title="Marc Aaronson Memorial Lectureship">
Marc Aaronson Memorial Lectureship

In order to create a fitting tribute to the memory of Marc Aaronson, his family, friends, and colleagues have established and privately endowed the Marc Aaronson Memorial Lectureship to promote and recognize excellence in astronomical research. The Lectureship and cash prize are awarded every eighteen months to an individual or group who, by his or her passion for research and dedication to excellence, has produced a body of work in observational astronomy which has resulted in a significant deepening of our understanding of the universe. Any living scientist is eligible for this award without consideration of race, sex, or nationality. 
Marc Aaronson came to Steward Observatory as a postdoc after receiving his PhD degree from Harvard in 1977 and became an Associate Professor in 1983. His astronomical research focused on many of the most important problems of observational cosmology: the cosmic distance scale, the age of the Universe, the large-scale motion of matter, and the distribution of invisible mass in the Universe. Aaronson made important contributions to our understanding of stellar populations in the Large Magellanic Cloud. In recognition of his research achievements, Aaronson was awarded the George Van Biesbroeck Award by the University of Arizona in 1981, the Bart J. Bok Prize by Harvard University in 1983, and the Newton Lacy Pierce Prize by the American Astronomical Society in 1984.
Aaronson died in 1987 in a freak accident while doing what he loved most, making astronomical observations. He was only 36 years old. Aaronson's passionate love for astronomy continues to serve as a lasting inspiration to his many colleagues, students and friends and serves as the inspiration for this award.

</doc>
<doc id="20500118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500118" title="Mike Ellis (athlete)">
Mike Ellis (athlete)

Michael ("Mike") John Ellis (born 3 September 1936 in London, Greater London) was an Olympic athlete from England. He specialised in the hammer throw events during his career.
Ellis represented Great Britain at the 1960 Olympic Games. He claimed the gold medal for England in the men's hammer throw event at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Cardiff, Wales.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20500151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500151" title="Helen Longworth">
Helen Longworth

Helen Longworth (born 1976, Preston) is a British actor. She has appeared in many radio plays including playing Zofia in two series of "On Mardle Fen", Susie Dean in "The Good Companions" and Marina in "Pericles". Also "A Song For Edmond Shakespeare" (2005) and "The Pattern of Painful Adventures" (2008), both fictional treatments of the life of William Shakespeare. 
Appearances in "Hollyoaks", "Heartbeat" and "Emmerdale". Lead vocalist with rock band "Heroes of She".
She has played the pig-hand named Hannah in "The Archers". 

</doc>
<doc id="20500163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500163" title="Nick Scoville">
Nick Scoville

Nick Scoville is the Francis L. Moseley Professor of Astronomy at Caltech and departmental chair.
His research interests include interstellar molecular clouds, the star formation which occurs in these clouds, interacting ultraluminous-infrared galaxies and active galactic nuclei. His main hobby outside of astronomy is steel sculptural welding. He works on the Hubble Heritage Project, and the Cosmic Evolution Survey multi-wavelength deep-field study of galaxies in the early universe.

</doc>
<doc id="20500170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500170" title="Ecuadorian Popular Revolutionary Union">
Ecuadorian Popular Revolutionary Union

The Ecuadorian Popular Revolutionary Union (, URPE) was a political coalition in Ecuador, formed in 1980 by the People's Committee and the Second Independence Movement. The two organizations constituting URPE had previously belonged to the Broad Left Front (FADI).

</doc>
<doc id="20500176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500176" title="Gene Washington">
Gene Washington

Gene Washington may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20500178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500178" title="Timothy Prince">
Timothy Prince

Timothy George Alexander Prince OBE FRAeS (born 1949) is one of the founder members of the Royal International Air Tattoo, the world’s largest military airshow.
Tim Prince worked for the DoT / CAA as an Air Traffic Controller from 1966 to 1978. He was one of the founding members of the Air Tattoo, which was first staged at North Weald Airfield in 1971. He is currently the Chief Executive of the Royal Air Force Charitable Trust Enterprises and the Royal International Air Tattoo. He was also a founder member and Trustee of the Royal International Air Tattoo Flying Scholarships for Disabled People (formerly Flying Scholarships for the Disabled).
He lives in Gloucestershire, UK with his wife Penny, with whom he has two sons, Rufus & Hugh.
Prince was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2009 Birthday Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="20500180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500180" title="Partido Social Democrata">
Partido Social Democrata

Partido Social Democrata or Partido Social Demócrata may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20500183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500183" title="Suzuki GSX1100F">
Suzuki GSX1100F

The Suzuki GSX1100F was introduced in October 1987 as a sports tourer with a 16 valve engine and a 5 speed gearbox, it formed part of the Suzuki GSX series range.
It had a full touring fairing and was particularly noted for its electrically powered height adjustable wind screen that was prone to failures. The engine came originally from the GSX-R1100, but was retuned to provide more low-end and mid-range power. The bike had very good aerodynamics which meant that the 136 hp engine gave the bike a very high top speed, indeed the GSX1100F was among the fastest bikes in the world at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="20500196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500196" title="Edmund Candler">
Edmund Candler

Edmund Candler (1874 – 1926) was an English journalist, novelist and educator notable for his literary depictions of colonial India. His fictional tropes and settings are comparable in many ways to those of Rudyard Kipling, a writer whom he self-consciously imitated.
Life.
Candler was educated at Repton School and Emmanuel College, Cambridge, where he graduated BA in classics in 1895. Candler embarked on a career in India which was to last intermittently for the next twenty-five years. He aimed to finance his literary ambitions by teaching, and was first employed by a school at Darjeeling in the Himalayan foothills. It was on the other side of the great range that he would first achieve prominence as a writer, after gaining an appointment as the Daily Mail correspondent accompanying the expeditionary force led by Sir Francis Younghusband into Tibet in 1903-4. His experiences in Tibet, including witnessing the storming of the Gyantse Dzong, later provided material for his travelogue "The Mantle of the East" and the short story 'At Galdang-Tso.' His account of the expedition, for which he is today principally known, was published in 1905 as "The Unveiling of Lhasa". He returned to teaching in India but resigned his post at Manikpur in Bengal in a heightened atmosphere of political unrest following the Alipore Bomb Case. He claims in his autobiography that he resolved to leave after finding a death-threat lying on his desk. Preferring the politically quiescent atmosphere of a princely state, he took up the post of Principal at Mohindra College, Patiala. He left Patiala to serve as a war correspondent during the 1914-1918 War, and reported on the British capture of Baghdad for the "Manchester Guardian" in 1917. On returning to India was appointed Director of Publicity for the Punjab in 1919, a position which he held until his permanent retirement to England in 1921.
In comparison with most of the British population in India at the time Candler held some startlingly liberal and sympathetic views of Indian nationalism. Although he does regard the political resistance of his Bengali students with a very serious eye, he concedes in his autobiography that put in their position he too would seek a means of overthrowing imperial rule. However the lack of trust in those whom he wished to educate ultimately led him to despair of ever enjoying intimate friendship with Indians and to abandon hope in the British Empire as a civilizing project. Disillusioned, he became gradually embedded in the political conservatism of ‘Anglo-Indian’ club society, and in 1913 his fellow-author E.M. Forster found him in the “loneliness and isolation of his life at Patiala” a cantankerous and creatively parched figure. Candler’s work, most notably his self-portrait as the schoolmaster Skene in the novel "Siri Ram: Revolutionist", registers “the passage from romantic expectations to a disappointed acceptance of the unease which English and Indian generated in each other measures the distance between a traveller’s fantasies … and a white resident’s experiences.”
Writings.
In a letter of 1909 to his brother he writes that in his more confident moments he feels that “my stuff reeks of India more than any stuff but Kipling’s.” Kipling had left India for the last time in 1891, and his admirer Candler self-consciously follows in his footsteps, literary and literal. The Kiplingesque image of India as a grandiose and irrational land comes naturally to Candler, and when describing locations significant in Kipling’s own fiction, such as Benares (Varanasi), he applies imaginative treatments and tropes such as the heroic, Romantic or Gothic to some degree pre-fabricated for him by his master. On some occasions he in fact cites Kipling directly. Kipling’s fiction forms hence a palimpsest in which Candler, for all his considerable talent, is heavily enmeshed. He shows awareness however that India, which was by his time much further advanced upon its own project of self-definition, is no longer subject to British definitions. His major work of fiction, the novel "Siri Ram: Revolutionist", shows a writer caught awkwardly between his great predecessor and his own original and perceptive, if jaded, view of Indian youth. The novel arguably registers the passing of the ‘High Noon’ of the British Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="20500198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500198" title="China (footballer born 1980)">
China (footballer born 1980)

Leonardo Bruno dos Santos Silva known as China (born August 14, 1980 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer of Chinese heritage as a Right back.
Career.
Dos Santos Silva is a strong right-back who began his football career at Bangor and had spells with Palmeiras, América-RJ and Volta Redonda before he joined Flamengo in 2004.
In 2005, he moved to VfL Bochum. China helped the German club to rise to the first division and gained some prominence in European football. However, he preferred to return to Brazil in 2006 to Paysandu, Campeonato Paraense defending champions, then go through Coritiba, Avaí and in 2008, competed in the Campeonato Carioca at Madureira.
Later that year, after the state fair, China joined the European club Paços Ferreira, Portugal, signing a contract for two years. He was released before the end of the contract. A major factor in the withdrawal from the Portuguese club was a knee ligament problem that haunted him for some time.
After spending most of 2008 and 2009 without any action, China was hired by the Volta Redonda to compete in the Campeonato Carioca 2010 and later that year ended up going to Bangu, where he played the Série D of the Brazilian Championship.
After his contract with Bangu was done, China joined Série B side ABC on May 18, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20500234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500234" title="Quebec cider">
Quebec cider

Quebec cider is crafted in the apple-producing regions of Montérégie, Eastern Townships, Chaudière-Appalaches, the Laurentides, Charlevoix and Capitale-Nationale, in Canada. The revival of cider is a relatively new phenomenon, since Quebec's alcohol regulating body, the "Régie des alcools, des courses et des jeux" began issuing permits to produce craft cider only in 1988. In 2008, some 40 cider makers were producing more than 100 apple-based alcoholic beverages.
History.
The honour of planting the first apple tree in the history of Quebec goes to Louis Hébert, apothecary from Paris and New France's first settler. He did so around 1617 on the site where Quebec City was founded in 1608. A good number of the first French settlers to the colony were Normans who brought over the apple cider craft. Sizable orchards developed in the region of New France, particularly on Île d'Orléans.
The Sulpicians, who settled on the Island of Montreal in 1657, possessed, beginning in 1666, a little orchard inside the fenced garden of the seminary on Notre-Dame Street. A bigger orchard was planted on the side of Mount Royal, in the mid-1670s. On this site, the "mission de la Montagne" where Marguerite Bourgeoys had her school, they erected a fort, in 1685, where they were using two cider presses. In 1705, the production of cider was about 30 barrels, and part was sold outside the religious community.
In 1731, the orchards covered on the Island of Montreal, on the side of the mountain and around town. From 1731 to 1781, the surface area occupied by the orchards rose from . The common cultivars at the time were the Calville blanc, Calville rouge, Famous, Reinette, Bourassa, Pomme blanche, Pomme grise of Montreal and Sauvageon. These cultivars have been supplanted by others since.
The British Conquest of 1760, confirmed by the cession of 1763, brought along all kinds of changes in the habits of French Canadians. Great Britain's protectionist trade policy, limiting exchanges within the British Empire, favoured the importation of alcohols from England (whisky, gin) and Antilles (rum), and discouraged all the artisanal productions of the inhabitants. Only beer, produced by industrialists from Great Britain (or of British origin), expanded significantly in the 19th century.
On August 15, 1807, in "Le Canadien" of Quebec City, there was an article in which the author deplored that more efforts were not made to encourage the cultivation of apples on Île d'Orléans and to export cider, which he judged "superior or at least equal to that of Europe and the United States". He suggested also that the production could serve to diminish the excessive consumption of rum, a "source of disastrous ruins in a lot of families."
The artisanal production of cider continued until the period of prohibition on alcohol in the middle of the 1910s. In April 1919, a great majority of Quebecers (78.62%) voted yes in a Quebec referendum asking them if "beer, ciders, and light wines" should be allowed, as excluded from the list of prohibited alcoholic beverages. However, in 1920, a legislative omission rendered cider illegal in the territory of Quebec. Indeed, the Canadian "Alcoholic Beverages Act" which ended prohibition and created the monopoly of the "Commission des liqueurs du Québec", did not legislate on cider, which consequently found itself in a judicial void. It was only in 1970, half a century later, that the situation was corrected. During this period, cider continued to be produced by several apple growers, but they were not legally permitted to sell it.
When cider became legal again, Quebecers were served a cider produced industrially, which was disliked very much by many and gave it a bad reputation. Makers were unable to supply to the demand and inundated the market with products that had no maturity. A whole generation experienced the Grand Sec d'Orléans, which to many, evoked what is most undrinkable when it comes to alcohol. Sales declined after a few years, and cider, barely gotten out of its "dark age", was plunged back into it. From about a year in 1971, the production dropped to per year in 1982. It was only at the end of the 1980s when the first craft production permits were issued by the "Régie des alcools, des courses et des jeux du Québec", that Quebec cider was truly reborn, about the same time as beer and wine, for the same reason.
The ciders crafted by small cider makers then multiplied, often avoiding to use the word "cidre" on the bottle to avoid alarming the consumers. The first Quebec ice cider was crafted by Christian Barthomeuf in Dunham in the Eastern Townships during the winter of 1989–1990. The first bottles bear the "1990" "millésime". Ten years later, cider makers obtained the authorization to name their products "cidre de glace" (ice cider). A regulation on cider was finally adopted by the National Assembly of Quebec in November 2008.
Types.
Quebec cider makers prepare various types of ciders, which are categorized according to the production method, the percentage of alcohol, the effervescence, or the residual sugar content.
Cider is said to be "light" when it contains 7% of alcohol or less, "strong" when it contains 7% to 13%, and "apéritif" when between 13% to 20%. "Flavoured" cider, perfumed with aromas of berries, honey or maple, generally contains less than 10% alcohol.
As it is with wine, cider can be "still" (without bubble) or "sparkling" (with bubbles).
Sparkling apple cider is crafted either by injecting carbon dioxide, in "closed vats" using the Charmat process or the traditional "champenoise" method. The result is a cider said to be "semi-sparkling" when in impregnated naturally with carbon dioxide, under low pressure (less than ), "carbonated semi-sparkling" when impregnated artificially with carbon dioxide, also under low pressure. It is "sparkling" when impregnated naturally with carbon dioxide under a pressure between and "carbonated sparkling", if artificially impregnated with carbon dioxide under of the same pressure of . 
Apple mistelle is a cider obtained from a must kept fresh, that is unfermented, to which alcohol is added.
Ice cider, an innovation from Quebec, is crafted by pressing apples naturally frozen by winter's cold. Similar to the late harvest of grapes, apples picked during winter allow for a must with a high sugar content, when water, turned into ice, is separated from the apples. This step is called the "cryoconcentration" of sugar. The final result, after the fermentation of the must, is a liqueur-like and mellow liquid, containing between 9 to 13% of alcohol.
Regions.
Quebec counts six cider-producing regions, which correspond more or less with its apple-producing regions: the Montérégie, Eastern Townships, Chaudière-Appalaches, the Laurentides, Charlevoix, and Capitale-Nationale.
Apples.
Cultivation of apples is well developed in Quebec, which produces in quantity several cultivars of apples, the McIntosh, Paula Red, Spartan, Cortland, Empire, Vista Bella and Jersey Mac being among the most common.

</doc>
<doc id="20500244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500244" title="Ozéia de Paula Maciel">
Ozéia de Paula Maciel

Ozéia de Paula Maciel (born January 2, 1982) is a Brazilian football player currently playing for Criciúma.
Career.
On 1 March 2010 Grêmio Porto Alegre made official his arrival at Paços de Ferreira, of the Brazilian defender, the footballer is tied to the Portuguese by a contract until 2012, and transfer on loan until December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20500252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500252" title="Revolutionary Party of the Workers of Bolivia">
Revolutionary Party of the Workers of Bolivia

The Revolutionary Party of the Workers of Bolivia (, PRTB) was a political party in Bolivia, formed in 1972 as the political wing of the National Liberation Army (ELN). PRTB was later move away from the "foquismo" line of ELN. PRTB published "El proletario".
Electoral alliances.
In 1978, PRTB formed part of the Revolutionary Left Front. In the July 1979 elections, PRTB supported the Popular and Democratic Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20500274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500274" title="Bovista plumbea">
Bovista plumbea

Bovista plumbea, also referred to as the "paltry puffball", is a small puffball mushroom commonly found in Western Europe and California, white when young and greyish in age. Easily confused with immature "Bovista dermoxantha", it is attached to the substrate by a tuft of mycelium.
Description.
The fruiting body of the sporocarp is 1.5–3.5 cm broad, attached to the substrate by a tuft of mycelium, and spherical to slightly compressed. The exoperidium is white, becoming buff to pale-tan and minutely tomentose, and sometimes areolate. It eventually flakes away, or peels off in sheets, the latter occurring at maturation in hot, dry conditions. In contrast, the endoperidium membranes are lead-grey, with or without adhering fragments of exoperidium. They often live in scattered to clustered in disturbed areas, especially in sparse grass. They are edible when young and white, but are often considered too small for eating.
Spores.
Spores are 5.0–6.5 x 4.0–5.5 µm, ovoid, thick-walled, and nearly smooth, with a central oil droplet, and a 7.5–11.5 µm pedicel. The capillitium is composed of individual elements, rather than interwoven, main branches thick-walled, flexuous, rapidly tapering, forking more or less dichotomously, ochre-colored in KOH.
The spores are released via a small apical pore. The gleba is white, turning dingy yellowish, olive-brown, finally dark-brown and firm-textured. However, the subgleba and sterile base are usually absent. Fruiting occurs throughout the mushroom season.
Synonyms.
Obsolete synonyms for "B. plumbea" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20500281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500281" title="Xu Pu">
Xu Pu

Xu Pu (traditional Chinese 徐溥), Minister in Ming Dynasty under Hongzhi Emperor, was born in 1429 AD and died in 1499 AD.
Biography.
Xu Pu was a scholar in the palace, and successfully graduated from the highest Imperial civil examination service as a Jin Shi (進士) in 1454 AD.
He entered the Grand Secretariat as a Minister in 1487 AD. He had a quiet conservative policy, which aimed at compromise and friendly relations to his colleagues. His predecessor was Liu Ji. Xu Pu wanted the Emperor to check on the power of Li Guang and the Daoists, but failed with his protests. He was received in audience only once during 12 years as Minister.
However in 1497 AD he was entrusted with the preparation of the Statutes of the Ming Dynasty 大明會典 (Da Ming Huidian), which were published in 1509 AD.
He was known to be lenient to his subordinates and in private life he was distinguished for filial piety and charity. When he died in 1499 AD he left 800 mou of tax-free land to the poor of his clan, canonised as Wen Jing (文靖).
References.
中國人名大字典 A Chinese Biographical Dictionary by Herbert A. Giles, Cheng Wen Publishing CO., LTD. Taipei, 1975

</doc>
<doc id="20500301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500301" title="Tanjung Sepat, Pahang">
Tanjung Sepat, Pahang

Tanjung Sepat or better known as Pantai Sepat is a typical Malay fishing village located about 10 km from Kuantan and is located on the way south to the royal town of Pekan. From Kuantan, it is accessible via Jalan Abu Bakar and is an alternative way to the royal town of Pekan. Unlike beaches which slope to the sea for a few meters and then suddenly drop deep, the beach at Pantai Sepat seems to slope very gradually to the sea. The beach is famous among locals as the place is serene and tranquil.

</doc>
<doc id="20500307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500307" title="Sackville Ferry">
Sackville Ferry

The Sackville Ferry is a cable ferry across the Hawkesbury River in New South Wales, Australia. The ferry connects the communities of Sackville, on the north/west bank of the river, and Sackville North, on the south/east bank. Because of the tortuous course of the river, the ferry actually runs north-west from Sackville to Sackville North.
The ferry is operated by a private sector operator under contract to New South Wales Roads and Maritime Services (RMS), carries a maximum of 12 cars at a time, and is free of tolls. The crossing is in length and takes approximately 3 minutes. The ferry operates on demand 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, but is closed for maintenance on the first Wednesday of each month between 1245 and 1515.
The Sackville Ferry is the farthest upstream of four cable ferry crossings of the Hawkesbury River proper. In order downstream, the others are the Lower Portland Ferry, Webbs Creek Ferry and Wisemans Ferry. A fifth ferry, the Berowra Waters Ferry, crosses a side-arm of the river.
A ferry service is known to have operated across the river at Sackville since at least 1883, and possibly the 1870s. Initially privately owned, by c1908 the operation of the ferry was sub-contracted by Baulkham Hills Shire Council to a local resident. In 1918 the ferry was jointly owned and managed by the Colo Shire Council and Baulkham Hills Council. It was taken over by the New South Wales Department of Main Roads, a predecessor of RMS, shortly after that body's inception in 1932. 

</doc>
<doc id="20500318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500318" title="Tanjung Lumpur">
Tanjung Lumpur

Tanjung Lumpur is a traditional fishing village located near the mouth of the Kuantan River. It is loosely translated into English as the " Cape of Mud". This village was in fact one of the earliest villages opened by the Malays in Kuantan many decades ago. It is located in the district of Kuantan about 2 kilometers away from Kuantan city. Tanjung Lumpur and Kuantan is divided by Kuantan river at the middle and connected by a bridge (Jalan Abu Bakar) . Tanjung Lumpur is well known for its "ikan bakar" (grilled fish).

</doc>
<doc id="20500322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500322" title="Damien Crosse">
Damien Crosse

Damien Crosse is an American pornographic actor who appears in gay pornographic films and magazines. He was an exclusive for Titan Media 2006-2008. Crosse is currently under contract with Raging Stallion Studios. In 2008, Crosse and gay adult performer Francesco D'Macho launched Stag Homme Studios, a production label based in Madrid. The real-life partners will be prominently featured in live webcasts, DVDs and other content. He currently lives in Madrid, Spain. He is openly gay.
In June 2009, he married his business partner and co-star Francesco D'Macho. The wedding was held in Madrid.
Crosse received an XBIZ Awards 2009 nomination for GLBT Performer of the Year.
Videography.
Crosse also appeared as "Sebastian" in three episodes of "Broke Straight Boys" and has appeared in five episodes of "Circle Jerk Boys"

</doc>
<doc id="20500340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500340" title="Gaelle Adisson">
Gaelle Adisson

Gaelle Adisson is an Urban, deep house, and downtempo singer/songwriter/producer born in New Jersey.
Career.
The Atlanta-based artist is most notable known for her vocals on the hit "King of My Castle", a song by the Wamdue Project. In 2004, Gaelle released her debut album, "Transient" through the label Naked Music. Her style is known for its smooth signature.

</doc>
<doc id="20500342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500342" title="Kelly Berville">
Kelly Berville

Kelly Mathurin Berville (born 5 January 1978 in Colombes, Hauts-de-Seine) is a French footballer. A defender, he can operate as either a centre or left back.

</doc>
<doc id="20500346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500346" title="Dave Strickler">
Dave Strickler

Dave Strickler (b. 1944) is a reference librarian noted for his compilation of "Syndicated Comic Strips and Artists, 1924–1995: The Complete Index", regarded as a major reference work by researchers and historians of newspaper comic strips.
Born in Iowa, Strickler holds degrees from the University of Florida, Georgetown University and Florida State University. Prior to earning a library degree in 1988, Strickler was involved in linguistics, hotel management, entertainment coordination at Walt Disney World and professional gambling. Since 1988, he has been employed as a reference librarian at the University of Southern California, a library automation specialist in Provo, Utah and Emeryville, California, an abstracter/indexer of nursing journals, a motel owner/operator and, since retirement, an editor of financial documents and a lower brass musician.
"Syndicated Comic Strips and Artists, 1924-1995: The Complete Index", published by Strickler's Comics Access in 1995, is a comprehensive compilation of American newspaper comic strips. Covering more than 4700 syndicated strips and panels, it is the largest single listing of comic strips ever compiled. The alphabetical list of strips gives dates of syndication, along with names of individuals associated with the strips. A separate section displays an alphabetical list of 3300 artists, writers and creators, providing the titles of strips each worked on with dates of their work. Another section offers a translation of nicknames and pseudonyms.
Compilation and indexing.
Strickler's main source of information was the "Syndicate Directory" published by "Editor & Publisher" (with the exception of the WWII years 1943 and 1944). His introduction explains how he began the project in 1992:
Online comic strip database.
Strickler, who lives and works near William Randolph Hearst's castle in San Simeon, California, maintains an online searchable index of comic strips in the "Los Angeles Times" from 1904 to the present (August, 2011). One can search by title or by artist. Kevin Roderick's influential blog LA Observed described the database in the August 21, 2008 posting "Every comic, ever, in the LAT":
Strickler explained: “The United States has five major national newspapers with long back runs widely available nationwide in microfilm. Three of these newspapers have never carried comics ("The New York Times", "The Wall Street Journal", "The Christian Science Monitor"), and one has carried comics only sporadically ("The Washington Post"). That leaves the "Los Angeles Times" as the only newspaper with comics in the United States with a long back run that is widely available.”
In addition, Strickler maintains a separate but unpublished index of approximately 8100 U.S. comic strips, encompassing the comics from "Editor & Publisher", the "Los Angeles Times" and every other source discovered in 20 years of research.
Character index.
Strickler has compiled, but not made public, an index of nearly 36,000 comic strip characters.

</doc>
<doc id="20500372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500372" title="Adrianna Nicole">
Adrianna Nicole

Adrianna Nicole (born in San Francisco, California, United States) is a pornographic actress. She started out in the adult film industry in 2000, doing bondage and BDSM work under the stage name "Seven". She later changed her pseudonym to "Petal Benson" in 2002 (as noted when she began working with kink.com's websites.) when she started working with renowned BDSM artisan Simon Benson. In 2006 when she and Benson parted ways, she stopped using the alias "Petal Benson", though she occasionally still uses the alias "Seven" for her straight BDSM work. She later changed her stage name to "Adrianna Nicole" when she officially entered the "vanilla" adult film industry in around 2004. Since then, she has appeared in over 340 movies.

</doc>
<doc id="20500383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500383" title="William Arthur Conceição dos Santos">
William Arthur Conceição dos Santos

William Arthur Conceição dos Santos (born July 27, 1982 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian football player. He is under contract with the Portuguese squad Portimonense.

</doc>
<doc id="20500395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500395" title="Canton of L'Île-Rousse">
Canton of L'Île-Rousse

The Canton of L'Île-Rousse is one of the 4 cantons of the arrondissement of Calvi, in the Haute-Corse department, France. It consists of 6 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="20500403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500403" title="Gran Alianza Nacional">
Gran Alianza Nacional

Gran Alianza Nacional can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20500406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500406" title="Tole’afoa Solomona To’ailoa">
Tole’afoa Solomona To’ailoa

Tole’afoa Solomona To’ailoa is a Samoan lawyer and politician. To’ailoa gained notability as chairman of People Against Switching Sides (PASS), an organisation dedicated to campaigning against government legislation on changing the side of the road vehicles would drive on, which received significant media coverage in Samoa, as well as some coverage in Australia and New Zealand. PASS notably organised two protest marches, "the largest demonstrations in the nation's history".
In July 2008, To’ailoa co-founded the People's Party, which grew out of PASS. In November, he was elected as the party's President, and confirmed that he would be running for Parliament, from the Vaimauga East constituency, in the 2011 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20500442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500442" title="Leandro Tatu">
Leandro Tatu

Leandro Ângelo Martins, known as Leandro Tatu (born April 26, 1982) is a Brazilian striker who currently playing for Bangkok United in Thai Premier League.
Club career.
Steaua București.
2011-12 season.
Tatu started the season well, scoring the opening goal in the 36th minute against Voința. The match ended 1-1. He then scored a goal against Mioveni in a 4-0 win. He made a string of 90 minute appearances before playing no Liga I games in November only one game in December. He resumed his starting appearance in March. His next goal did not come until April 2012, where he scored against Oțelul. He made 28 appearances for Steaua overall in the season in the domestic league. He helped the team to a 3rd place finish in the Liga I which meant they qualified for the Europa League, although they were eliminated in the 7th round of the Cupa României.
At the end of the first part of the 2013–14 season, Tatu was released from Steaua.

</doc>
<doc id="20500464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500464" title="2005–06 Cardiff City F.C. season">
2005–06 Cardiff City F.C. season

During the 2005-06 season Cardiff City played in the Football League Championship. It was the club's third year in the Championship since being promoted from League One.
Season Review.
Kit.
Cardiff ended a 3 year deal with Puma and changed to Spanish company Joma. Housing firm Redrow continued as the main shirt sponsor.
League.
Cardiff began their season with 1–0 loss to Ipswich Town but bounced back with a win at Leeds United before going four games without a win, breaking the streak with consecutive wins over Leicester City and Crystal Palace. On 22 October Cardiff recorded their biggest win of the season with a 6–1 victory over Crewe Alexandra but this was followed by two draws and a loss and by Christmas the sides form had seen them win just three out of thirteen games since the end of October.
The new year saw a continuation of Cardiff's poor form with a 5–1 defeat against Reading. Six wins from the final eighteen games of the season left Cardiff with a 12th place finish.
League Cup.
Cardiff entered in round one, beating Colchester United 2–0 at the Colchester Community Stadium. They claimed a victory in the second round over Macclesfield Town before being eliminated by Leicester City in the third round.
FA Cup.
Cardiff were drawn against Premier League side Arsenal after entering the competition in the third round, suffering a 2–1 defeat at the Arsenal Stadium on 7 January.

</doc>
<doc id="20500472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500472" title="Deryn Brace">
Deryn Brace

Deryn Brace (born 15 March 1975) is a Welsh footballer.
Career.
Born in Haverfordwest, Brace began his career as a trainee with Norwich City, turning professional in July 1993. He left in April 1994 to join Wrexham having failed to make the first team at Carrow Road. He spent six years with Wrexham, playing in over 100 league games, and also playing in the European Cup Winners Cup and in an FA Cup quarter final. He won ten Under 21 caps for Wales and only missed a full cap through illness, having contracted pneumonia. 
He was released by Wrexham in May 2000 and early in the following season joined Llanelli. Later that season he moved to Carmarthen Town and during the 2001-02 season left to join Haverfordwest County. In June 2002 he was appointed player-manager of Haverfordwest, at the age of just 27 years, guiding them to a UEFA Cup spot in his second season in charge. He also works full-time as postman and stepped down from his manager’s post due to his work commitments in October 2006. He initially remained as player, but was released later that month by new manager Derek Brazil and rejoined Carmarthen Town.
He was appointed as player-manager of Carmarthen in May 2007, where he remained for three years before stepping down in June 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20500478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500478" title="David Nasaw">
David Nasaw

David Nasaw (born 18 July 1945 in Cortland, New York) is an American author, biographer and historian who specializes in the cultural and social history of early 20th Century America. Nasaw is on the faculty of the Graduate Center of the City University of New York, where he is the Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr. Professor of History. 
In addition to writing numerous scholarly and popular books, he has written for publications such as the "Columbia Journalism Review", "American Historical Review", "American Heritage", "Dissent", "The New Yorker", "The New York Times", "The Wall Street Journal", "Slate", "The London Review of Books", and "Condé Nast Traveler".
Nasaw has appeared in several documentaries, including "The American Experience, 1996", and two episodes of the History Channel's April 2006 miniseries "10 Days That Unexpectedly Changed America": "The Homestead Strike" and "The Assassination of President McKinley". He is cited extensively in the US and British media as an expert on the history of popular entertainment and the news media, and as a critic of American philanthropy.
Early life and education.
David George Nasaw was born on July 18, 1945 in Cortland, New York, the oldest son of lawyer Joshua J. Nasaw (13 August 1909 September 1970) and Beatrice "Bea" Kaplan Nasaw (1917 17 January 2010), an elementary school teacher. Nasaw is the older brother of Jonathan Lewis Nasaw (b. 26 August 1947), the prolific author of at least nine thrillers; and Elizabeth Perl Nasaw (29 May 1956 28 February 2004), who as "Elizabeth Was" (later "Lys Was" and finally "Lyx Ish") was a poet and publisher of avant-garde magazines, and the cofounder of Xexoxial Editions and Dreamtime Village in West Lima, Wisconsin.
Nasaw grew up in Roslyn, New York, and, after a year studying in Denmark as an exchange student, graduated from Roslyn High School in 1963. Nasaw graduated from Bucknell University with a Bachelor of Arts in 1967, before enrolling in Columbia University, where he was awarded a Ph.D. in 1972 for his dissertation "Jean-Paul Sartre: Apprenticeship in History (1925-45)".
While studying at Columbia University, for more than two years from 1970 Nasaw was one of two full-time teachers in the Elizabeth Cleaners Street School, a short-lived experimental alternative free high school founded in New York City. The experience gave rise to the book "Starting Your Own High School," written by the students and edited by Nasaw.
Career.
Nasaw began teaching history at the College of Staten Island in 1978. During the 1987-1988 academic year, he was as a Fulbright Professor of American Studies at Hebrew University in Jerusalem. Nasaw has been on the doctoral faculty of the City University of New York's Graduate Center since 1990, where he also served as chairman. He was director of the CUNY Graduate Center's Center for the Humanities, and the chairman of the advisory board of the Leon Levy Center for Biography at the university. 
Nasaw is a founder of the "Radical History Review".
Personal life.
Since June 10, 1978, Nasaw has been married to Dinitia E.R. Smith, a novelist, Emmy award-winning filmmaker, and journalist, who worked as a correspondent for "The New York Times" for 12 years. They are the parents of twin sons: Peter Caleb Nasaw (b. 1980) and journalist Daniel Allen Nasaw (b. 1980).
Thoughts.
Although he has published two highly regarded, widely-selling full-length scholarly biographies, Nasaw describes himself as an academic historian, rather than a biographer. A historian, he says, "sweeps away the fables, the myths, the stories" and places scholarly subjects "in time and over time", while for biographers, the organization of the work is laid out in advance. "Writing history is not an art but a craft," Nasaw has said. "It requires interpretation and fifty sources and integrating and assembling this material into a story told by an individual voice."
Books.
In this Nasaw's highly cited history, Nasaw "unearthed the long-forgotten story of the Newsboy Strike." The book inspired the Disney film "Newsies" and the subsequent Broadway musical. 
"Going Out" "unearths fascinating details about everything from the early history of the movies to pre-World War I dance crazes," wrote critic Jackson Lears in the New York Times. Nasaw "raises fundamental questions about the web of connections joining commercial play, public space and cultural cohesion," he wrote.
Nasaw's 2000 biography of the American newspaper baron was praised as "an absorbing and ingeniously organized biography... of the most powerful publisher America has ever known", and for "immediacy that almost makes the reader forget that the author himself was not there as the story unfolded". In 2001, "The Chief" won the J. Anthony Lukas Book Prize and the Bancroft Prize for American history. It was nominated for a National Book Critics Circle Award.
Nasaw's 2006 biography of the American steel mogul, was a finalist for the 2007 Pulitzer Prize for biography. A reviewer praised Nasaw for "bringing to life the fascinating world of business moguls, statesmen, journalists and intellectuals in which Carnegie moved." Praising Nasaw's "keen all-rounder’s eye", Christopher Hitchens wrote: "The great strength of this immense biography is the way in which David Nasaw causes these tributaries — capitalism, radicalism, and educational aspiration — to converge like the three rivers (the Allegheny, the Ohio, and the Monongahela) whose confluence makes the site of Pittsburgh possible." The book was among "The New York Times"' 100 Notable Books of the Year, and among the Favorite Books of 2006 by the "Los Angeles Times", which praised it as "a fresh and thorough assessment."
Following the success of Nasaw's 2000 biography of William Randolph Hearst, Senator Ted Kennedy approached Nasaw to write a biography of his father, Kennedy patriarch Joseph P. Kennedy. Nasaw told the family that as an academic historian, he had no interest in writing an "authorized biography". "I told him I would undertake this project if I had guarantees to see all the documents at the Kennedy Library and elsewhere, and if I were free to write whatever I wanted, with no censorship or interference of any kind," Nasaw said. Senator Kennedy said he had read and admired Nasaw's book on Hearst and believed the historian would make a "fair evaluation of his life and contributions." The Kennedy family agreed to sit for interviews and to make Joseph Kennedy's private papers available.

</doc>
<doc id="20500481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500481" title="Iain Mitchell">
Iain Mitchell

Iain Mitchell is a British actor notable for his appearance as Thomas Cromwell in "The Other Boleyn Girl" (2008) and Superintendent Maitland in "Agatha Christie's Poirot" (2001, "Murder in Mesopotamia"). Onstage Mitchell has appeared in "La Cage aux Folles" and the adaptation of "His Dark Materials". He also played a priest in three episodes of the British sitcom series "'Allo 'Allo".

</doc>
<doc id="20500482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500482" title="Lake Saroma">
Lake Saroma

The name comes from the Ainu place name "saruomahetsu", meaning place of many Miscanthus reeds and rushes.

</doc>
<doc id="20500488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500488" title="Songs from the Back of a Van">
Songs from the Back of a Van

Songs from the Back of a Van is a compilation album by Dave House of B-sides, covers, alternate versions and remixes. The album was made to order on pre-order only, and was used to raise money for House's US tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20500492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500492" title="Theognis (disambiguation)">
Theognis (disambiguation)

Theognis is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="20500505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500505" title="Andrzej Jerzy Mniszech">
Andrzej Jerzy Mniszech

In October 2007 his painting, "Portrait of a Geisha", sold at Sotheby's for $85,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20500506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500506" title="Delson Ferreira">
Delson Ferreira

Delson Ferreira, known as Delson (born 26 July 1980 in Uberaba, Minas Gerais), is a Brazilian footballer, who currently plays for Associação Esportiva Merceana. A defensive midfielder, he also holds a Portuguese passport.
Football career.
Delson began playing in Brazil with Grêmio Esportivo Inhumense, moving to Portugal in 2001 to represent S.C. Salgueiros (by then in the top level). He made his debut in the competition on 16 September 2001, playing 90 minutes in a 1–0 home win against S.C. Braga.
As the team from Paranhos folded after the 2003–04 season, Delson joined Rio Ave FC, where he became an instant first-choice. After relegation in 2005–06, he contributed with 24 games and two goals to the side's return to the first division two seasons after.
In late June 2009, Delson moved to Greece's Larissa FC. In January of the following year, however, he returned to Portugal, helping lowly S.C. Olhanense retain its top flight status, and moving to the Algarve side permanently at the season's end.

</doc>
<doc id="20500510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500510" title="Intermap Technologies">
Intermap Technologies

Intermap Technologies () is a publicly traded company headquartered in Douglas County, Colorado, United States. Intermap provides geospatial solutions that allow GIS professionals in commercial and government organizations worldwide to build a broad range of applications. Industries such as energy, engineering, government, risk management, telecommunications, water resource management, and automotive use Intermap’s NEXTMap 3D terrain products and geospatial services.
History.
Intermap was formed on January 31, 1996, and commenced active business operations on September 1, 1996. On November 11, 1996, the company acquired all of the assets comprising the image mapping services division of Intera Information Technologies Corporation (IITC). Many of the senior members of Intermap’s original management team were employees of IITC. Intermap originally focused on providing 3D digital elevation maps for customers under specific contract arrangements. Typically, these projects specified areas to be mapped and were generally procured by governmental mapping and/or defense agencies.
IFSAR Products.
Intermap collects elevation data aerially, using aircraft equipped with Interferometric synthetic aperture radar (IFSAR) technology. Intermap’s IFSAR digital elevation model (DEM) and image products include:
The data, once processed, is included in nationwide digital elevation datasets called NEXTMap.
NEXTMap.
In 2002, Intermap commenced its NEXTMap program, which is focused on collecting and processing 3D digital elevation datasets for entire countries, including Great Britain (launched 2003), countries in Western Europe (completed in July 2008), the United States (completed in June 2010), and Southeast Asia. In contrast to historic mapping business models in which customers pay for the completion of specific mapping projects, Intermap is self-financing the NEXTMap program. The company then sells the use of its data through licensing agreements.
AccuTerra.
In 2008 Intermap launched AccuTerra GPS Maps which combines Intermap's NextMap data with Intermap's detailed recreation based data to creat highly accurate maps to be used on outdoor/recreation GPS devices. Currently Intermap has contracts to provide their high-resolution maps and data to the Magellan Navigation, Bushnell, Lowrance Electronics, and Pronounced GPS product lines, as well as the Apple iPhone. The AccuTerra iPhone App won "Best iPhone OS 3.0 Beta App" at Apple's Design Awards 2009. The Apple Design Awards recognize technical excellence and outstanding achievement in iPhone OS and Mac OS X development.
Customers.
The company has attained digital mapping contracts with companies across various industries and sectors, including geographic information systems (GIS), engineering, insurance risk assessment, oil and gas, environment, communications, transportation, and 3D visualization markets. In 2007, Microsoft announced a partnership with Intermap to create an enhanced version of Virtual Earth 3D for Great Britain, although that 3D product was later dropped in November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20500518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500518" title="Japan Academy Prize for Director of the Year">
Japan Academy Prize for Director of the Year

The of the Japan Academy Prize is one of the annual Awards given by the "Nippon Academy-sho association" (Japan Academy Prize Association).

</doc>
<doc id="20500522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500522" title="Andrzej Kowalski">
Andrzej Kowalski

Andrzej Kowalski (1930 in Sosnowiec – 2004) was a Polish painter and graphics artist. From 1949 to 1955, he attended the Cracow Academy of Fine Arts. He became director of the studio of painting and drawing at the Academy of Fine Arts in Katowice.

</doc>
<doc id="20500530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500530" title="Post-occupancy evaluation">
Post-occupancy evaluation

Post Occupancy Evaluation (POE) has its origins in the United States and has been used in one form or another since the 1960s. Preiser and colleagues define POE as 
"the process of evaluating buildings in a systematic and rigorous manner after they have been built and occupied for some time" 
Purpose of POE.
The British Council for Offices (BCO) summarises that a POE provides feedback of how successful the workplace is in supporting the occupying organisation and individual end-user requirements. The BCO also suggests that POE can be used to assess if a project brief has been met. Furthermore, the BCO recommends that POE is used as part of the Evidence-based design process, where the project usually refers to a building design fit-out or refurbishment, or to inform the project brief where the project is the introduction of a new initiative, system or process. POE usually involves feedback from the building occupants, through questionnaires, interviews and workshops, but may also involve more objective measures such as environmental monitoring, space measurement and cost analysis.
Components of POE.
A POE usually includes a mix of quantitative and qualitative techniques. Most POEs will involve seeking feedback from the occupants of the place being evaluated; this may be achieved through various survey methodology including questionnaire, interview or focus group. The occupant feedback may be supplemented by environmental monitoring, such as temperature, noise levels, lighting levels and indoor air quality. More recently, POEs tend to include sustainable measures such as energy consumption, waste levels, and water usage. Other commonly used quantitative measures include space metrics, for example occupational density, space utilisation and tenant efficiency ratio. Cost, either expressed as the cost of the project per square metre or the total cost of occupancy, is considered a key metric in building evaluation and may be compared with the occupant feedback to provide a better understanding of value.
Pre and post project evaluation.
The term "post occupancy" can be confusing and simply refers to an occupied building rather than a vacant one. As a consequence a POE may be carried out pre- and post-project. Furthermore, POEs may be conducted at regular intervals to monitor how the building facilities and its operation are currently supporting the occupants. A pre-project POE may be used to:
A post-project POE is usually carried out six to twelve months after the project completion. However, interim project reviews may be carried during the project delivery phase and on completion.
POE applies to all environments.
POE's are not only conducted in offices, the focus of the BCO guide, and there are many published POEs of a variety of other types of environment. For example, learning environments, libraries, jails, police stations, housing, health centres and even zoos.
Independent evaluation.
POE is usually carried out by trained professionals with a social science or workplace consulting background. Ideally the POE is conducted by an independent consultant who can offer an impartial assessment of the place undergoing evaluation.
See also.
The Deutsch Wikipedia page explains the German view of POE.

</doc>
<doc id="20500534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500534" title="Oliver Coleman">
Oliver Coleman

Oliver Coleman (born ) is a British actor.
Biography.
Coleman is notable for his portrayal of Toby in "The Line of Beauty" (2006) and of Henry Percy in "The Other Boleyn Girl" (2008), along with cameo appearances in "Primeval" and "Ashes to Ashes". He also plays Tom Kent in Casualty.
Coleman played Jed in Vertigo Films' 2012 low-budget horror film "The Facility" (originally titled "Guinea Pigs") directed by Ian Clark.
In 2012 Coleman joined the cast of "Casualty" in the role of paediatric specialist Dr. Tom Kent, making his first appearance on screen on 7 January.

</doc>
<doc id="20500535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500535" title="Andrzej Antałkiewicz">
Andrzej Antałkiewicz


</doc>
<doc id="20500537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500537" title="Cephalopod ink">
Cephalopod ink

Cephalopod ink is a dark pigment released into water by most species of cephalopod, usually as an escape mechanism. All cephalopods, with the exception of the Nautilidae and the species of octopus belonging to the suborder Cirrina, are able to release ink.
The ink is released from the ink sacs (located between the gills) and is dispersed more widely by accompanying its release with a jet of water from the siphon. Its dark colour is caused by its main constituent, melanin. Each species of cephalopod produces slightly differently coloured inks; generally, octopuses produce black ink, squid ink is blue-black and cuttlefish ink is brown.
A number of other aquatic molluscs have similar responses to attack, including the gastropod clade known as sea hares.
Inking behaviours.
Two distinct behaviours have been observed in inking cephalopods. The first is the release of large amounts of ink into the water by the cephalopod, in order to create a dark, diffuse cloud (much like a smoke screen) which can obscure the predator's view, allowing the cephalopod to make a rapid retreat by jetting away.
The second response to a predator is to release pseudomorphs ("false bodies"); smaller clouds of ink with a greater mucus content, which allows them to hold their shape for longer. These are expelled slightly away from the cephalopod in question, which will often release several pseudomorphs and change colour (blanch) in conjunction with these releases. The pseudomorphs are roughly the same volume and look similar to the cephalopod that released them, and many predators have been observed attacking them mistakenly, allowing the cephalopod to escape (this behaviour is often referred to as the "blanch-ink-jet manoeuvre").
Furthermore, green turtle hatchlings ("Chelonia mydas") that have been observed mistakenly attacking pseudomorphs released by "Octopus bocki" have subsequently ignored conspecific octopuses.
However, many cephalopod predators (for instance moray eels) have advanced chemosensory systems, and some anecdotal evidence suggests that compounds such as tyrosinase found in cephalopod ink can irritate, numb or even deactivate such apparatus. Unfortunately, few controlled experiments have been conducted to substantiate this. Cephalopod ink is nonetheless generally thought to be more sophisticated than a simple "smokescreen"; the ink of a number of squid and cuttlefish has been shown to function as a conspecific chemical alarm.
Octopuses have also been observed squirting ink at snails or crabs approaching their eggs.
Chemical composition.
Cephalopod ink contains a number of chemicals in a variety of different concentrations, depending on the species. However, its main constituents are melanin and mucus. It can also contain, among other things, tyrosinase, dopamine and L-DOPA, and small amounts of amino acids, including taurine, aspartic acid, glutamic acid, alanine and lysine.
Use by humans.
Cephalopod ink has, as its name suggests, been used in the past as ink; indeed, the Greek name for cuttlefish, and the taxonomic name of a cuttlefish genus, "Sepia", is associated with the brown colour of cuttlefish ink (for more information, see sepia). Modern use of cephalopod ink is generally limited to cooking, where it is used as a food colouring and flavouring, for example in pasta and sauces. For this purpose it is generally obtainable from fishmongers or gourmet food suppliers. The ink is extracted from the ink sacs during preparation of the dead cephalopod, usually squid, and therefore contains no mucus. Recent studies have shown that cephalopod ink is toxic to some cells, including tumor cells.

</doc>
<doc id="20500538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500538" title="Canton of Bastia-1">
Canton of Bastia-1

The Canton of Bastia-1 ("Centre") is one of the 16 cantons of the arrondissement of Bastia, in the Haute-Corse department, France. It consists of 1 commune:

</doc>
<doc id="20500551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500551" title="Canton of Bastia-2">
Canton of Bastia-2

The Canton of Bastia-2 ("Fango") is one of the 16 cantons of the arrondissement of Bastia, in the Haute-Corse department, France. It consists of 1 commune:

</doc>
<doc id="20500561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500561" title="Canton of Bastia-3">
Canton of Bastia-3

The Canton of Bastia-3 ("Turette") is one of the 16 cantons of the arrondissement of Bastia, in the Haute-Corse department, France. It consists of 1 commune:

</doc>
<doc id="20500563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500563" title="Włodzimierz Antkowiak">
Włodzimierz Antkowiak

Włodzimierz Antkowiak (born 30 October 1946 in Grudziądz) is a Polish poet and painter.

</doc>
<doc id="20500567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500567" title="Canton of Bastia-4">
Canton of Bastia-4

The Canton of Bastia-4 ("Cimballo") is one of the 16 cantons of the arrondissement of Bastia, in the Haute-Corse department, France. It consists of 1 commune:

</doc>
<doc id="20500571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500571" title="Canton of Bastia-5">
Canton of Bastia-5

The Canton of Bastia-5 ("Lupino") is one of the 16 cantons of the arrondissement of Bastia, in the Haute-Corse department, France. It consists of 1 commune:

</doc>
<doc id="20500579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500579" title="Picogen">
Picogen

Picogen is a rendering system for the creation and rendering of artificial terrain, based on ray tracing. It is free software.
Overview.
While the primary purpose of picogen is to display realistic 3D terrain, both in terms of terrain formation "and" image plausibility, it also is a heightmap-creation tool, in which heightmaps are programmed in a syntax reminiscent of Lisp.
The shading system is partially programmable.
Frontends.
Currently there is a frontend to picogen, called picogen-wx (based on wxWidgets). It is encapsulated from picogen and thus communicates with it on command-line level. Picogen-wx provides several panels to design the different aspects of a landscape, e.g. the Sun/Sky- or the Terrain-Texture-Panel. Each panel has its own preview window, though each preview window can be reached from any other panel.
Landscapes can be loaded and saved through an own, simple XML-based file format, and images of arbitrary size (including antialiasing) can be saved.

</doc>
<doc id="20500585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500585" title="Roman Artymowski">
Roman Artymowski

Roman Artymowski (born August 11, 1919 in Lviv - February, 1993 in Łowicz) was a Polish painter.

</doc>
<doc id="20500588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500588" title="Holmesina">
Holmesina

Holmesina is a genus of pampathere, an extinct group of armadillo-like creatures that were distantly related to extant armadillos. Like armadillos, and unlike the other extinct branch of Cingulata, the glyptodonts, the shell was made up of flexible plates which allowed the animal to move more easily. "Holmesina" species were herbivores that grazed on coarse vegetation; armadillos are mostly insectivorous or omnivorous.
"Holmesina" individuals were much larger than any modern armadillo: They could reach a length of 2 m, and a weight of 227 kg (500 lbs), while the modern giant armadillo does not attain more than 54 kg (119 lbs). 
They travelled north in the faunal interchange, and adapted well to North America, like the ground sloths, glyptodonts, armadillos, capybaras, and other South American immigrants. Their fossils are mostly found in Texas and Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20500589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500589" title="Canton of Bastia-6">
Canton of Bastia-6

The Canton of Bastia-6 ("Furiani-Montésoro") is one of the 16 cantons of the arrondissement of Bastia, in the Haute-Corse department, France. It consists of 2 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="20500594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500594" title="Marxist Workers Party">
Marxist Workers Party

The Marxist Workers Party was a communist party in the United States active in the late 1930s.
The MWP was a splinter group of the Proletarian Party, which left in 1937 because they disapproved of the PP vacillating line concerning the USSR and the popular front. The founders of the Marxist Workers Party were more critical of the Communist Party of Soviet Union line and, while granting that the USSR was, in some sense, a workers state, they had no use for the Comintern or the Communist Party. The new organization kept, however, some of the Proletarian Party's other characteristics, including an emphasis on Marxist education; hence its establishment of Marxian Labor Colleges in San Francisco, Chicago and Flint, Michigan. 
The group's first periodical was the "Marxian Labor College Bullitin" in San Francisco. This was moved to Chicago in 1939 and became "The Marxist Review" in 1940. The organization seems to have become defunct that year.

</doc>
<doc id="20500600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500600" title="Uncial 0270">
Uncial 0270

Uncial 0270 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 4th/5th century. 
Description.
It contains a small parts of the First Epistle to the Corinthians (15:10-15,19-25), on 1 parchment leaf (15.5 cm by 10.5 cm). Written in one column per page, 26 lines per page. 
The Greek text of this codex a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 4th or 5th century.
The codex currently is housed at the University of Amsterdam, in Amsterdam, with the shelf number GX 200.
It was examined by Sibinga.

</doc>
<doc id="20500604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500604" title="Tallahassee Democrat">
Tallahassee Democrat

The Tallahassee Democrat is a daily broadsheet newspaper. It covers the area centered on Tallahassee in Leon County, Florida, as well as adjacent Gadsden County, Jefferson County, and Wakulla County. The newspaper is owned by Gannett Co., Inc., which also owns the "Pensacola News Journal", the "Fort Myers News-Press", and "Florida Today", along with many other news outlets.
Knight Newspapers bought the "Tallahassee Democrat" in 1965. The "Democrat" was acquired by Gannett in August of 2005 in a newspaper swap with Knight Ridder.
Circulation.
Its daily circulation is estimated between 36,670 and 49,233 with a Sunday readership of 60,000.
Historical circulation based upon Gannett's annual reports.

</doc>
<doc id="20500618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500618" title="U.S. Route 62 in Pennsylvania">
U.S. Route 62 in Pennsylvania

U.S. Route 62 is a signed north-south U.S. Highway in Pennsylvania, which runs diagonally southwest-northeast through the industrial northwestern part of the state. Although initial portions of the route opened in 1926 in other areas of the country, U.S. 62 was not designated in the commonwealth until 1932. The highway connects the small cities of Sharon, Franklin, Oil City, and Warren to larger markets, such as Youngstown, Ohio and Buffalo, New York.
Route description.
U.S. Route 62 enters Pennsylvania from Ohio as part of the Shenango Valley Expressway. Four lanes, winding, and with limited stop lights, the road, which was built in 1958, bypasses the city of Sharon. A business route is signed on the former path of the highway. After passing through Sharon, the road reverts to two lane status, as it travels toward Mercer, the county seat of Mercer County. Here, it briefly joins US 19 through the center of town. The road then turns sharply toward a north-northeast alignment and features an interchange with Interstate 79. After cutting through rural Mercer and Venango counties, US 62 reaches the twin industrial towns of Franklin and Oil City. In Franklin, the highway is briefly cosigned with US 322, as it passes through the west side of town. The road then joins PA 8 to form a four–lane riverfront connector between the two towns. Immediately before entering Oil City, the roads split, with US 62 branching off to cross the Allegheny River over the Petroleum Street Bridge and serve the south side of town. After crossing this 1995 girder structure, which replaced a 1910 truss bridge, the highway remains four lanes until leaving the municipality.
The Allegheny River is only rarely out of sight as the highway winds its way through Venango and Forest Counties, crossing from the south bank to the north by way of the Hunter Station Bridge, an unusual 1934 truss design. It crosses the river a third time on the Tionesta Bridge, a 1961 girder structure that set the tone for 1980s–90s replacements of a series of historic bridges along the waterway. While traveling through Forest and into Warren County, the road is oriented in a north-south direction, which is reflected in its guide signs, despite the national route’s east-west direction. The route passes through the Allegheny Islands Wilderness, crosses the river again via the Irvine Bridge, and subsequently joins with US 6 to form part of the freeway bypass of Warren, which was constructed in 1969. The routes divide near the city center, and US 62 follows a narrow path of city streets in the old city core before becoming a four–lane highway north of the town. The highway becomes a two–lane road again as it heads toward the New York boundary.

</doc>
<doc id="20500626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500626" title="Stanisław Baj">
Stanisław Baj


</doc>
<doc id="20500637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500637" title="Canton of La Conca-d'Oro">
Canton of La Conca-d'Oro

The Canton of La Conca-d'Oro is one of the 16 cantons of the arrondissement of Bastia, in the Haute-Corse department, France. It consists of 8 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="20500642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500642" title="Train melody">
Train melody

A train melody is a succession of musically expressive tones played when a train is arriving at or about to depart from a train station. As part of train passenger operations, a train melody includes a parade of single notes organized to follow each other rhythmically to form a lilting, singular musical thought. In Japan, departing train melodies are arranged to invoke a relief feeling in a train passenger after sitting down and moving with the departing train. In contrast, arriving train melodies are configured to cause alertness, such as to help travelers shake off sleepiness experienced by morning commuters.
History.
In 1844, French classical pianist Charles-Valentin Alkan composed "Le chemin de fer" ("The Railroad"), a programmatic étude for piano designed to depict the happy journey of train passengers from departing a train station to portraying the train pulling into a second station. It is frequently cited as the first musical representation of railway travel. The joyful melody of "Le chemin de fer" subsequently has been celebrated as a forerunner to Arthur Honegger's famous orchestral work "Pacific 231", which also represents a locomotive.
Japan's railway network was owned by the state until 1987. The former Japanese National Railways (JNR) company was privatized at that time, and the network was split between six major companies in the Japan Railways Group and a range of smaller operators. Under JNR ownership, bells were used at stations to mark the arrival and departure of trains; but privatization gave local managers greater autonomy to customize their station environments. The idea of introducing more melodic alarms was developed, and this quickly spread after passengers reacted positively.
Characteristics.
Originally, the melodies used on Japan's railways sounded more like alarms. However, since the 1990s more attention has been paid to creating tunes which fulfil several criteria: clearly marking a train's arrival and departure, encouraging timely but unhurried boarding and disembarking, making passengers feel calm and relaxed, and standing out above announcements and other noise. Railway companies have established that the ideal length of a train melody, based on the typical dwell time of a train at a station, is seven seconds—so many tunes are designed to fit that length. Hundreds of different melodies—most written specifically for the railways—exist, and many stations or routes have their own characteristic tunes.
Reception.
Train melodies have proved to be popular with many people in Japan. Train carriage and rolling stock manufacturer Nippon Sharyo received permission to use four different train melodies owned by East Japan Railway Company and West Japan Railway Company; and in August 2002 the company released an alarm clock that plays the same lilting melodies heard on Japan's high-speed railway lines. One tune is designed to invoke the relief a train passenger experiences after sitting down and moving with a departing train, and another is intended to reduce sleepiness, such as that experienced by morning commuters. By September 2002, Nippon Sharyo had sold out the first shipment of 2,000 units, priced at 5,800 yen. In view of the success of the product, the company launched a website dedicated to the clock, featuring the Shinkansen train's melodies. Other companies have manufactured keyrings and straps featuring the tunes.
There has also been criticism over the use of melodies on trains and at stations. These focus mainly on noise pollution and the tunes' contribution to it; but one author has also claimed that their use is symptomatic of a paternalistic, bureaucratic attitude towards passengers from the railway authorities, similar to the excessive use of announcements and warnings.

</doc>
<doc id="20500672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500672" title="Michael C. Heim">
Michael C. Heim

Michael C. Heim became vice president of information technology and chief information officer of Eli Lilly and Company in January 2004 and is a member of the operations committee. 
He had been the chief technology officer with accountability for enterprise architecture and data strategy, the global implementation of SAP, and global financial and human resources information technology solutions since November 1999. 
A native of Cincinnati, he received a Bachelor of Arts degree in business administration from Marian College in 1977 and a master of business administration in 1978 from Bowling Green State University. Heim joined Lilly in 1979 as an analyst in the corporate information systems group. He became a staff financial auditor in 1981 and later became the company's first certified information systems auditor. In 1985, he rejoined information systems as manager with responsibility for manufacturing, marketing, financial and human resource systems support. 
Following a cross-functional assignment in as manager of engineering for facilities delivery administration, he was named director of information systems-medical operations in 1992. In 1995, he was promoted to information officer for Lilly Research Laboratories and in 1998 was named information officer for European and intercontinental operations with responsibility for IT activities outside the United States. 
Heim serves on a number of external councils including the Microsoft Pharmaceutical Advisory Council, the SAP Life Sciences Executive Council, the Marian College Technology Advisory Board, and the Board of Directors of Interactive Intelligence Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="20500673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500673" title="The Black Abbot">
The Black Abbot

The Black Abbot may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="20500684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500684" title="Vigneshwara Maha Vidyalaya">
Vigneshwara Maha Vidyalaya

Vigneshwara Maha Vidyalaya is a school in Trincomalee, founded in 1823 as a primary school by the Methodist church . It was upgraded to a Maha Vidiyalayam in 1979 and 1C grade school in 1981. Vikneshwara Maha Vidyalaya is located on the main street of the town of Trincomalee.

</doc>
<doc id="20500696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500696" title="Stefan Bakałowicz">
Stefan Bakałowicz


</doc>
<doc id="20500703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500703" title="List of omics topics in biology">
List of omics topics in biology

Inspired by the terms genome and genomics, other words to describe complete datasets of biological data, mostly sets of biomolecules originating from one organism, have been coined with the suffix "-ome" and "-omics". Some of these terms are related to each other in a hierarchical fashion. For example, the genome contains the ORFeome, which gives rise to the transcriptome, which is translated to the proteome. Other terms are overlapping and refer to the structure and/or function of a subset of proteins (e.g. glycome, kinome).
Hierarchy of topics.
For the sake of clarity, some topics are listed more than once.

</doc>
<doc id="20500705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500705" title="Wíres José de Souza">
Wíres José de Souza

Wíres José de Souza or simply Wíres (born December 30, 1982) is a Brazilian defensive midfielder currently playing for Rio Ave.

</doc>
<doc id="20500706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500706" title="Tangsteel">
Tangsteel

Tangshan Iron and Steel Group Company Limited, or Tangsteel, founded in 1943 and headquartered in Tangshan, Hebei, is one of the largest steel manufacturing state-owned enterprise in China. Its subsidiary and listed company, Tangshan Iron and Steel Company Limited () was established in 1994 and it was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 1997.
In 2006, Tangsteel merged with Xuanhua Iron & Steel Group and Chengde Iron and Steel Group to form "New Tangsteel Iron and Steel Group". In 2008, Tangsteel merged with Hansteel to form "Hebei Iron and Steel Group", which is the largest steel maker in China and the fifth largest in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20500732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500732" title="Hanna Bakuła">
Hanna Bakuła

Hanna Bakuła (born March 30, 1950) is a Polish painter, scenographer and Playboy's columnist.
Biography.
Bakuła has graduated with honors from the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw, where she has studied under such Polish masters as J. Tarasin, E. Eibisch, A. Kobzdej. In 1981 she left for New York and settled on Manhattan. She painted, designed scenography and costumes for the avant-garde theatre "The Kitchen". These designs were praised by "The New York Times" as the best of the Off Broadway projects and won Bakuta first prize.
In 1989 she came back to Poland. Since 1996 years Bakuła organizes Franz Schubert's Music Festivals. In 1997 she has established the Hanna Bakuta Foundation and later, the Women's Club.
Hanna Bakuła is author of the many portraits, including Grace Jones, Liv Ullmann, Yehudi Menuhin.
She's an atheist. Hanna Bakuła lives in Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="20500735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500735" title="Subotica (horse)">
Subotica (horse)

Subotica (foaled February 13, 1988 in Orne) is a French Thoroughbred racehorse best known or winning the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in 1992.
Background.
Sunotica is a bay horse bred by Paul de Moussac at his Haras du Mezeray in Lower Normandy. Through his sire Pampabird, owned by de Moussac, Subotica is a descendant of the great Nearco. He was out of de Moussac's mare, Terre de Feu, a daughter of the 1967 United Kingdom Horse of the Year, Busted.
Purchased and raced by Olivier Lecerf, Subotica was trained by André Fabre and ridden in all his major races by Thierry Jarnet.
Racing career.
In 1991 Subotica ran second in the Prix du Jockey Club to Suave Dancer whom he had beaten in the Prix Ganay. He went on to earn his most important win of 1991 by taking the Group one Grand Prix de Paris. Health problems forced the horse to be withdrawn from France's most prestigious race, the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. However, the following year the colt won the Arc, beating a strong field that included the undefeated filly User Friendly (2nd), St Jovite (4th), who had won the Irish Derby by twelve lengths in record time, and Epsom Derby winner, Dr Devious (6th).
Sent to Gulfstream Park in Florida for the October 31, 1992 Breeders' Cup Turf, Subotica finished fifth to upset winner, Fraise.
Stud record.
Retired to stud on November 24, Subotica's progeny have met with limited racing success.

</doc>
<doc id="20500762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500762" title="Ronaldo Maczinski">
Ronaldo Maczinski

Ronaldo Maczinski or simply Ronaldo (born September 11, 1980) is a Brazilian football player currently playing for Rio Ave F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="20500765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500765" title="Walter Forde">
Walter Forde

Walter Forde (21 April 1896 - 7 January 1984) was a British actor, Screenwriter and Director. Born in Bradford, Yorkshire in 1896 he directed over fifty films between 1920 and 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="20500792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500792" title="Terence Cowley">
Terence Cowley

Terence John "Terry" Cowley (born 17 July 1928, in Evandale, Tasmania, died 30 January 2012 in Launceston, Tasmania) was a cricket player, who played first-class cricket for Tasmania. 
He was a right-arm medium-fast bowler and he represented Tasmania in 30 first-class matches. Cowley had the honour of captaining the Tasmanian side five times in the 1960-61 and 1961-62 season, although Tasmania only managed to lose four and draw one during his captaincy.

</doc>
<doc id="20500796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500796" title="Jan Komski">
Jan Komski

During World War II, he worked in the resistance movement. In 1940 he fled Poland and headed toward France to join Sikorski's Army that was being formed there. However, he was arrested at the border of Czechoslovakia and imprisoned in Nowy Sącz and Tarnów before being sent to Auschwitz I in the first prisoner transport to that concentration camp. He was given prisoner number 564 under the name Jon Baraś, due to the forged identification papers he was carrying when arrested. 
On December 29, 1942, he escaped Auschwitz I with three other prisoners: Mieczyslaw Januszewski, Boleslaw Kuczbara, and Otto Küsel. Sixteen days later he was recaptured on a train heading toward Warsaw. Fortunately, he used a false name in his first arrest, as the Germans would have executed him on the spot had they known he was an Auschwitz escapee. He was sent to Montelupich Prison and from there back to Auschwitz II where he was given the prisoner number 152,884. During the last few years of World War II he was moved to Buchenwald, then to Gross-Rosen, Hersbruck and finally Dachau where he was liberated on April 29, 1945 by the United States Army.
After the war, he lived in Displaced Persons camps in Bavaria and Munich, where he married another Auschwitz survivor. They moved to the United States in 1949. In the U.S., he worked as a graphic artist with The Washington Post. Over the years, he created many drawings and paintings of life in a concentration camp.
He was featured alongside fellow concentration camp survivors and artists Dinah Gottliebova and Felix Nussbaum in the 1999 documentary film "Eyewitness", which was nominated for an Academy Award for Documentary Short Subject.

</doc>
<doc id="20500805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500805" title="LKL All-Star Day">
LKL All-Star Day

The Lithuanian Basketball League (LKL) holds an All-Star Day every February, with a variety of basketball-related events, exhibitions, and performances culminating in the LKL All-Star Game.
The All-Star Game.
The All-Star Game is the main event of the day. The 2008 game and its associated festivities were held in Vilnius at the Siemens Arena.
Events of All-Star Day.
Major events held during All-Star Day include:

</doc>
<doc id="20500806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500806" title="Keir Giles">
Keir Giles

Keir Giles, born on 26 January 1968, is a British writer and academic, and current Director of the Conflict Studies Research Centre. Giles is a leading expert on security issues affecting Russia, and on the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation. 
Before his academic career, Giles underwent pilot training with the Royal Air Force and worked as an actor with Gorky Film Studios, appearing in A Captive in the Land and other productions.

</doc>
<doc id="20500811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500811" title="Unnamed volcano (Ibugos)">
Unnamed volcano (Ibugos)

Unnamed volcano (Ibugos), is a submarine volcano near the island Ibugos in the Philippines.
Location.
The volcano is located off Ibugos Island, at the southernmost end Batanes Islands, in the province of Batanes, in the Cagayan Valley Region, in the Philippines, within the Luzon Strait between Luzon and Taiwan. 
Physical features.
The volcano is a submarine volcano rising to within of the sea surface, due west of Dequey Volcano.
It is one of the active volcanoes in the Philippines.
Eruptions.
Submarine eruptions reported in 1773, 1850, and 1854 are likely to have originated from this volcano. There have been no further reports since 1854.
Listings.
The Global Volcanism Program lists it as an unnamed historically active volcano. Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (PHIVOLCS) lists 22 active volcanoes in the Philippines, but has not included this unnamed volcano, or any volcanic activity at this geographical location.
Volcanoes of the Philippines are all part of the Pacific ring of fire.

</doc>
<doc id="20500826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500826" title="J. T. Petty">
J. T. Petty

J. T. Petty (self-styled "JT Petty", born 28 February 1977 in Raleigh, North Carolina) is an American film director, author, and video game writer. Petty's films and novels contain elements of the horror genre. He is best known for his writing on the Ubisoft video game, "Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell". He currently resides in Brooklyn, New York.
Film career.
After shooting his first feature, "Soft for Digging", in 1998 as a thesis project at NYU, it went on to screen at several festivals, most notably The Sundance Film Festival in 2002. Paced more like a silent film, it was recognized for its low budget of six thousand dollars and display of the death of animals and children.
After this, Petty directed films for production companies such as Miramax and HDNet. Currently he is working on a remake of "Faces of Death", which is being reworked as a fictional narrative.

</doc>
<doc id="20500838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500838" title="Portlaoise RFC">
Portlaoise RFC

Portlaoise RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Portlaoise, Leinster. They play in Division One of the Leinster League. The club is based on the main roundabout at the intersection of the motorway and the Cork road.
References.
Harry Nicholls has represented the club at every level and is very important to the club.

</doc>
<doc id="20500861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500861" title="Bolesław Barbacki">
Bolesław Barbacki


</doc>
<doc id="20500862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500862" title="St Paul's Church, Camden Square">
St Paul's Church, Camden Square

St Paul's Church is a church dedicated to Paul the Apostle on Camden Square in Camden, north London. It is called St Paul's because the estate was owned originally by the canons of St Paul’s Cathedral.
It was built in 1849 to designs by Frederick W. Ordish and John Johnson. The builder, John Kelk (later knighted) built the Albert Memorial.
The church was severely damaged in the Second World War and replaced with a single-storey church hall building which, though meant to be temporary, still houses the church's congregation at one end. Plans for a replacement were put forward in July 2008, incorporating the hall as well as new social housing and worship area. It and its parish are part of the St Pancras team of parishes, which also includes St Pancras Old Church, St Michael's Church, Camden Town, and St Mary's Church, Somers Town.

</doc>
<doc id="20500864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500864" title="Ellis Ryan">
Ellis Ryan

Ellis W. Ryan (June 7, 1904 – August 11, 1966) was the principal owner of the Cleveland Indians of the American League from through . He was born in Cleveland. A group headed by Ryan purchased the Indians from Bill Veeck. In 1952, Ryan sold his share of the franchise to Myron H. Wilson.
He died in 1966 at the age of 62 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
References.
Cleveland Indians owners

</doc>
<doc id="20500876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500876" title="List of Gothic Revival architects">
List of Gothic Revival architects

List of architects involved in the Gothic Revival.

</doc>
<doc id="20500878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500878" title="Myron H. Wilson">
Myron H. Wilson

Myron Henry "Mike" Wilson, Jr. (September 9, 1887 – August 19, 1962) was the principal owner of the Cleveland Indians of the American League from through . He was a native of Cleveland. In 1952, Wilson purchased the Ellis Ryan's share of the franchise to pecome president and principal owner. In 1956, Wilson and other minority shareholders sold the Indians to William R. Daley.
He died in 1962 at the Cleveland Clinic in Cleveland, Ohio after a one month hospitalization. He was 74.

</doc>
<doc id="20500889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500889" title="UCC GAA">
UCC GAA

UCC is a football and hurling club associated with University College Cork. UCC teams play in the Cork Senior Football Championship and Cork Senior Hurling Championship as well as the two main third-level competitions namely the Sigerson Cup in football, the Fitzgibbon Cup in hurling and the Ashbourne Cup in camogie. They also compete against inter-county sides in the pre-season McGrath Cup (football) and Waterford Crystal Cup (hurling).

</doc>
<doc id="20500899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500899" title="Andrzej Marian Bartczak">
Andrzej Marian Bartczak

Biography.
In the years 1963-1969 he studied at the Faculty of Tapestry and Fabric Design at the State Academy of Fine Arts in Łódź. His earliest works date from this period after graduation and include paintings, drawings, and prints. His artwork often depicts figures composed of highly expressive lines and rhythms with a variety of textures.
He is professor in the Department of Prints and Painting Academy of Fine Arts. Since 1984 he has been chairman of the Graphic Design workshops in Poland. He is a member of the International Association of Artists based in Switzerland. He received numerous awards, medals and awards in exhibitions and competitions for creativity and excellence in teaching in higher education art.
He lives and works in Łódź.

</doc>
<doc id="20500903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500903" title="Zenair Zipper">
Zenair Zipper

The Zenair Zipper is a Canadian ultralight high-wing, single seat aircraft that was designed by Chris Heintz and produced by Zenair.
The Zipper is a highly innovative design that strongly emphasizes portability over speed or carrying capacity.
Development.
The Zipper was designed in the early 1980s by established Canadian aircraft designer Chris Heintz and put into production by his company Zenair, of Midland, Ontario. Heintz's motivation for the Zipper was the ultralight aviation boom that was occurring in Canada at that time and the introduction of new aviation regulations by Transport Canada legally permitting the operation of ultralights.
The Zipper incorporates many unique features, all aimed at making the aircraft more portable. This focus was due the nature of operations in the early days of the ultralight popularity. Aircraft were not flown great distances to fly-ins or other sites, but were transported by trailer or on car top to be flown locally at remote locations.
The Zipper has a quick-folding wing, built around a D-cell leading edge and spar. There are no wing ribs and the trailing edge of the wing is established by a cable which tensions the sailcloth wing covering. The wing is folded by releasing the anti-drag cables next to the nose wheel and folding the wings back along the tailboom, still supported by their struts. The wing is designed to +6 and -3 g.
The Zipper features conventional three-axis controls, which was unusual in ultralights designed at this time. The all-metal, one piece, all-flying rudder and the elevator are quickly removable for transport. The tailboom is aluminum and square in cross section.
The standard powerplants provided with the Zipper kits were the JPX PUL 425 engine of and the Rotax 277 of . Fuel capacity is . The twin-engined Zipper II used a similar engine configuration to its competitor, the Ultraflight Lazair, placing both engines close together to minimize engine-out requirements.
Operational history.
Zenith Aircraft Company President Sebastien Heintz, son of the designer Chris Heintz, learned to fly in a Zenair Zipper.
In December 2008 there were four Zippers still registered in Canada. Consisting of two Zippers, one Zipper-RX and one Zipper II

</doc>
<doc id="20500913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500913" title="LKL All-Star Game">
LKL All-Star Game

The Lithuanian Basketball League holds its All-Star Game once ever year. The participants are currently chosen in two ways. The first is via fan ballot, with the leading vote recipients at each position starting the game; secondly the reserves are chosen by a vote among the head coaches of each squad's. Coaches are not allowed to vote for their own players. If a player is injured and cannot participate, the commissioner will select a replacement.
Features of the All-Star Game.
The All-Star Game is played under normal FIBA rules, but there are notable differences from an average game.
The player introductions are usually accompanied by a significant amount of fanfare, including lighting effects, dance music, and pyrotechnics. Special uniforms are designed for the game each year, usually green for the Lithuanians and white for the Time Team. A major recording artist typically sings the national anthem prior to tipoff.
Gameplay usually involves players attempting spectacular slam dunks and alley oops. Defensive effort is limited and the final score of the game is generally much higher than an average LKL game. The coaches also try to give most of the reserve players some time on the court instead of using a limited rotation as they would in a normal game. The fourth quarter of the game is often played in a more competitive fashion if the game is close.
Halftime is also longer than a typical LKL game due to musical performances by various artists.
Every few years, LKL alternates matches from Lietuviai and Time Team (Lietuviai being the All-Star Lithuanian team and Time Team being the All-Star foreigner team) to Vilkai and Ereliai (two teams of mixed foreign and Lithuanian players).
Other All-Star events.
The All-Star Game is the featured event of All-Star Day. All-Star Day also includes a number of popular exhibition games and competitions featuring LKL players.

</doc>
<doc id="20500914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500914" title="William R. Daley">
William R. Daley

William R. Daley (September 26, 1892 – October 21, 1971) was a businessman and owner of two franchises in Major League Baseball's American League. He was born in Ashtabula, Ohio in 1892.
Daley was the principal owner of the Cleveland Indians from through . In 1956, Daley purchased Myron H. Wilson's share of the franchise to become owner. In 1962, Daley sold the Indians to a group headed by general manager Gabe Paul.
In , Daley resurfaced when Dewey Soriano asked him to help pay the expansion fee to start the expansion Seattle Pilots. In return for paying most of the fee, Daley bought a 47 percent stake in the new team, becoming the largest shareholder and chairman of the board. He had considered moving the Indians to Seattle in the early 1960s. However, his return to baseball was short-lived; the Pilots went bankrupt after only one season and moved to Milwaukee as the Brewers.
Daley died at Cleveland in 1971 after a long illness.
References.
Cleveland Indians owners

</doc>
<doc id="20500922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500922" title="Camden Square">
Camden Square

Camden Square is a rectangular town square in the London Borough of Camden running parallel to Camden Road north of central Camden. Amy Winehouse and Orlando Jewitt both lived and died on the square, and one of its houses once housed the West African Students' Union. It now has a playground and dog walking area, and St Paul's Church is at the north end. It has a perimeter of . At the south end is the London Irish Centre.
In May 2012, the property where Winehouse lived and died was put on the market for £2.7 million after her family decided it was inappropriate to live there. Currently the area directly opposite the former singers house is used as a shrine with gifts and letters left by fans around the trees and the fence to the square. In the days following the singers death several 'Camden Square' road signs were stolen by fans.

</doc>
<doc id="20500941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500941" title="Eden Black">
Eden Black

"The Jezebel" Eden Black (born 28 January 1981) is the ring name of a retired British professional wrestler who wrestled internationally on the independent circuit in promotions such as Real Quality Wrestling, Shimmer Women Athletes and ChickFight among others. She was known for her wrestling attire, choosing loose-fitting street clothes similar Homicide, her strike-based style of fighting and her relationship with fellow wrestler JP Monroe. "Fighting Spirit Magazine" exclusively named her and rival Jetta as "spearheading a revolution in British wrestling" with regards to serious female wrestling.
Professional wrestling career.
Early career.
After enjoying the World Wrestling Federation at a young age, particularly Ultimate Warrior, Black became reinterested in the late '90s by the age of 18. After achieving a 2:1 in Journalism and Contemporary History, Black began attending independent shows in Barking town hall, East London and after being inspired by wrestlers such as Robbie Brookside and James Mason, Black turned her own hand at wrestling through the NWA UK Hammerlock school in Kent, where she would wrestle her first matches, mainly battle royals.
Domestic circuit.
After wrestling for Hammerlock her first significant appearance was part of an Independent Wrestling Federation Ladies Night to benefit Cancer research in 2004. After beating Jade in the first round, she lost to eventual winner Lexie Fyfe By 2006 she began to work in promotions around the UK, as well beating Skye in Irish Whip Wrestling, including appearing on the second televised show of LDN Wrestling, "Caesar's Beatings", where she defeated Coventry-born wrestler Jetta beginning a long standing feud between the two. The feud saw Jetta being inserted into a three way match, also featuring Sweet Saraya, for the vacant Real Quality Wrestling Women's Championship at "Summer Brawl" where Black won her first title. She was initially successful in the feud winning all her matches until the two competed in an intergender tag team match which Black and partner JP Monroe lost; the second match ended in a no-contest when Monroe turned on Black.
International Circuit.
Black began 2007 with RQW's "No Pain, No Gain" event, having to defend her Women's Championship against American wrestlers Cheerleader Melissa and MsChif but went on to lose singles matches against both of them, first to MsChif the next day for 3 Count Wrestling. The day after this was the first ChickFight to be held in the UK where Black advanced to the finals of a three-round tournament after defeating Daizee Haze and Lacey, but coming up short against Melissa. Her feud with Melissa continued at RQW's "Taking on the World" where she tagged with fellow Melissa enemy MsChif to take on the Cheerleader and her own long standing rival Jetta. The match also served as a warm up for "ChickFight VIII" where Black was booked to meet Melissa again to crown the first TransAtlantic Champion; Black came out on the losing end of both matches.
Her losing streak to American wrestlers was not exclusive to MsChif and Melissa though. In March she put aside her longstanding rivalry with Jetta to team up against Allison Danger and Sara Del Rey at Ring of Honor's Liverpool show "Fifth Year Festival: Finale." Allison Danger used the victory to bid for Black's title, gaining a chance at the Women's Championship during an RQW event; Black would retain the belt after the match went to a fifteen-minute time limit draw. Eden Black then began to make regular appearances at Danger's all-female Shimmer Women Athletes in Chicago eventually picking up a win over an American athlete in the form of Rain, who submitted to her Garden of Eden hold on "Volume 9". In June at Shimmer's "Volume 11" event, Black was entered into a knock-out tournament to crown the first Shimmer Champion but lost in the first round to Rain's fellow Minnesota Home Wrecking Crew member Lacey; incidentally these two would later team up with Jetta to form The International Home Wrecking Crew. The day after this, at "Volume 12" Nikki Roxx pinned her in a four-way match with the Barbie Crusher. On "Volume 13", taped that same day, Black had a chance to settle an old score when she fought Lexie Fyfe, who had beaten her early on in her career in 2004. Once again it was her Garden of Eden submission which led her to victory. Black's success continued onto "Volume 14" in October, where she again forced her opponent, this time Amber O'Neal, to tap out to the Garden of Eden. In her last Shimmer appearance to date, she teamed with MsChif and Daizee Haze in a six-woman tag team contest in the debut match of the International Home Wrecking Crew. Though Black did not secure the victory herself, she was on the winning team and it was her rival Jetta who was pinned after 25 minutes following Haze's Heart punch/Yakuza kick combination.
Back in Britain.
Although Black was mostly successful in America, months prior to her final SHIMMER appearance she lost her RQW Women's Championship at a 16 June RQW event to German wrestler Wesna, with Jetta and Amazing Kong also competing in the four way elimination match. Her rematch with Wesna, this time in a singles match, took place at "ChickFight IX.5" but ended in a controversial manner when Jetta interfered in the match to make it seem as if Black had used a foreign object, thus having her disqualified. Enraged, Black chased Jetta out of the building but the two were booked for a grudge match later on that same night; Giving Jetta a taste of her own medicine, Black attacked her from behind during her entrance leading to a brawl all around ringside that consumed most of the match until it officially began inside the ring with Black eventually losing as Jetta used the ropes for the pin. After Black was on the winning side of the tag team match at Shimmer, it became clear the two needed to settle their feud one-on-one and RQW decided to host the match in October. However, the hotly anticipated bout ended in a double count-out ostensibly due to the fierce fighting between the two, though Black had actually suffered a legitimate shoulder injury during the match and could not carry on.
Black would not appear again until April at a ChickFight event where she made an emotional retirement announcement that was interrupted by Jetta who demanded Black explicitly acknowledge she was the reason Black was retiring but rather than ignore her, Black challenged her to what was dubbed a "Career vs. Humiliation" match at "ChickFight XI" where, should she lose, Black would have to admit it was Jetta that retired her but if she won Jetta would have to publicly go on her knees and admit Black's superiority. Jetta made her intentions known by squashing Faith LeHaine early on in the evening, wrenching her shoulder with a Japanese stranglehold and spent most of the match against Black working on her shoulder but Black retaliated, applying the Garden of Eden around the ring post and eventually locking it on Jetta in the middle of the ring forcing her to tap out. Following the match Black announced that she didn't need Jetta to go on her knees as she had just proven her superiority in the match. She later announced her retirement from wrestling.

</doc>
<doc id="20500963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500963" title="Włodzimierz Bartoszewicz">
Włodzimierz Bartoszewicz


</doc>
<doc id="20500978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20500978" title="Hosur">
Hosur

Hosur is a town and a municipality in Krishnagiri district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is the headquarters of the Hosur taluk of Krishnagiri district. It is located about south east of Bangalore, north west of Krishnagiri, the district headquarters and west of Chennai, the state capital. Hosur is known for its expanding manufacturing industries and its pleasant climate.
History.
Rock paintings and carvings suggest that the area has been occupied during the Paleolithic, Neolithic, and Mesolithic ages.Hosur is said to be more than 800 years old on modern Era. Hosur was part of Mysore Kingdom until 1799, when Tipu Sultan lost the third Anglo-Mysore war, he handed over southern part of Mysore kingdom as a part settlement to English government, which includes Hosur, Denkannikotta, Thally, Krishnagiri, Dharmapuri and subsequently British government made Hosur as the capital of then Salem District.
Hosur was constituted as a Selection Grade Town Panchayat in the 1962. And it was upgraded to Second Grade Municipality in the Year 1992. In the year 1998 it was upgraded to Selection Grade Municipality vide G.O. (MAWS) No.85 Dtd. 22.05.1998. In 2011 Vide Go.no.127 dt.08.09.2011 town panchayat Mathigiri, Village Panchayats Zuzuvadi, Mookandapalli, Avalapalli, Chennathur included in Hosur Municipality. On 1980s industrialization began with the help of SIPCOT and Hosur became an Industrial Town.
Climate.
Hosur experiences a tropical savanna climate (Köppen climate classification Aw) with distinct wet and dry seasons. Due to its high elevation, Hosur usually enjoys a more moderate climate throughout the year, with occasional heat waves. The coolest month is January with an average low temperature of 17.1 °C and the hottest month is April with an average high temperature of 33.6 °C. Winter temperatures rarely drop below 12 °C, and summer temperatures seldom exceed 36 °C. Hosur receives rainfall from both the northeast and the southwest monsoons and the wettest months are September, October and August, in that order. The summer heat is moderated by fairly frequent thunderstorms but no flooding. Humidity is 31% and average rainfall is 84 cm.
Demographics.
As of the census of India 2001, Hosur had a population of 84,394 comprising 44,648 males and 39,746 females, making the sex ratio (number of females per thousand males) of the town to 890. A total of 11,751 people were under six years of age and the child sex ratio (number of females per thousand males under six years of age) stood at 972. The town had an average literacy of 84.48%, higher than the national average of 59.5%. There were are total of 19,850 households in the town.
As of 2001, Hosur had a total of 28,720 main workers: 136 cultivators, 409 agricultural labourers, 723 in house hold industries and 27,452 other workers. There was a total of 1,402 marginal workers: 10 marginal cultivators, 49 marginal agricultural labourers, 106 marginal workers in household industries and 1,237 other marginal workers.
Industries.
Hosur is an industrial hub for several Automobile and Manufacturing industries. The major industries are like TVS Motor Company Ltd, Ashok Leyland Limited, Titan Industries, Hindustan Motors, Kamaz Vectra Motors Ltd, Faiveley Transport India Ltd, Caterpillar India Pvt Ltd, Carborundum Universal Limited, Taneja aerospace and aviation Limited, Exide Industries Ltd, Hindustan Motors, Hindustan Lever Ltd, TTK Prestige Limited, Bata India Ltd, Kansai Nerolac Paints, INEL-India Nippon Electricals Ltd, Sundaram Fasteners Ltd, Easun Reyrolle Ltd, Supreme Industries Ltd, Field Fresh Foods Private Ltd, Tenneco Automotive India Pvt Ltd, Datum Data, Duroflex Ltd, Asia Tobacco Co.Ltd (I.T.C), Base Corporation Ltd, GRB Dairy Foods Pvt Ltd, Harita Seating Systems Limited, LuK India Pvt Ltd, AVTEC Limited, Gabriel India Limited, APL Apollo Tubes Ltd,Granite companies like Aro Granite Industries Ltd, Madhucon Granites Ltd, Tab India Granite Pvt Ltd,New tech Engineering etc. are several companies which have their manufacturing units in Hosur.
There have been plans for the development of an Information Technology Special Economic Zone at Vishwanathapuram in Hosur. ELCOT has called for applications for the allotment of land in the IT Park of Hosur in the month of June 2010.
Transport.
The National Highway NH 207 starts from Hosur in Tamil Nadu and it ends at Dobbasapete in Karnataka. National Highway NH 44(Old Number NH7) is starting from (Varanasi or Banaras) in Uttar Pradesh and it ends at Kanyakumari in Tamil Nadu and this road passing through this city. This city has well connected by road and rail network.
Hosur has a satellite Bus station at the center of city name on Ammarar K. Appavu Pillai Ex. President of Hosur. In August 31, 2007 old Bus Stand was demolished and it was re-constructed as a new modern satellite Bus station and it opened on July 18, 2010.
The Government of Tamil Nadu owned buses runs to many cities and towns in Tamil Nadu and also to other south Indian states. Rout no-503 Volvo Air condition buses also operated from Hosur to Chennai by Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation. This Volvo Air condition buses are operated for selected cities in Tamil Nadu. TNSTC and private operators also operate local city bus services connecting Hosur to nearby places like Bagalur, Denkanikottai, Thally, Rayakottai, Shoolagiri, and Attibele in Karnataka . Autorickshaws are another means of transport in Hosur.
Hosur has a railway station, located on the Bangalore-Salem railway line and falls under the Bangalore Division of the South Western Railway. Hosur is well connected to Bangalore, Coimbatore, Madurai, Tiruchchirapalli, Mysore, Mumbai and New Delhi by rail.
Air port
The Hosur Aerodrome is owned by Taneja aerospace and aviation Limited (TAAL) it was established in 1994 as the India's first private sector company to manufacture General Aviation aircraft in India. It has 7012 feet long and 150 feet wide runway. The nearest airport is the Bengaluru International Airport at Devanahalli, about 80 km from Hosur.
Agriculture.
A rich variety of fruits and vegetables are cultivated in Hosur. The land is very fertile and there is significant access to fresh water as well as trained labor. Crops consist of tomatoes, cabbages, onions, mangoes, capsicum, carrot, cucumber, beans, coriander leaves, noolkol, radish. It has a large vegetable wholesale market of 250 shops which caters south India with daily 100 lorry loads. Hosur and its surrounding area contribute to making the Krishnagiri district the largest producers of mangos in India.
Hosur exports most of the roses from India. Amudagondapally village near Hosur is the home to TANFLORA, the largest exporter of roses to various European countries during Valentine's Day. The roses grown by the growers are collected and processed in the post harvest facilities of Tanflora, packed and marketed under the brand name of Tanflora, primarily exported to Europe, Australia, Middle East, Far East and Japan. Also due to increase in domestic market, good quantities of flowers are sold in domestic market mainly in Delhi, Hyderabad, Chennai etc.
District Livestock Farm (Hosur)
Hosur Cattle Farm was started in 1824 by the British in an area of 1641.41 acres. The Tamil Nadu government maintains this green belt, along with a livestock research station focused on rare breeds of cattle, horse, poultry, sheep. A golf club is being planned by the district administration.
Central Sericultural Germplasm Resources Centre (CSGRC), Hosur
The center was established in 1991 at hosur. It has a mandate to collect, protect and conserve mulberry and silkworm germplasm resources. This is also a National Repository Centre for mulberry germplasm and a National Active Germplasm Site (NAGS) for mulberry germplasm under NBPGR. Over 10 Scientists are engaged in collection and conservation activity. For exchange and dissection of information the center has developed on-line multiple query based Mulberry Germplasm Information System (MGIS) with retrieval facility
Tourist Places.
In city Government owned Hotel is available for tourist named as Hotel Tamil Nadu.
Denkanikottai and Thally is located 25 km from Hosur. It is covered by a number of hills so the climate is very cool and pleasant. It experiences cold and cloudy weather resembling England. Hence it is popular with the name "Little England" since British Regime. Kelevarapalli Reservoir was constructed in 1995 AD. It is situated at a distance of 10 km from Hosur. Rajaji Memorial is the memory of the great leader Chakravarti Rajagopalachari, the Tamil Nadu Government has converted the house as a memorial in Thorapalli where Rajaji was born, . It is located 10 km from Hosur.
Politics.
Hosur assembly constituency is part of Krishnagiri Lok Sabha constituency.
Educational institutions.
The town has a good number of schools and colleges. There are three Industrial Training Institutes(ITI) which one is government owned, two polytechnics, three arts colleges of which one is exclusively for women Four engineering colleges and one Government Arts college which was opened during 2013-14 academic year onwards.

</doc>
<doc id="20501013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501013" title="Mieczysław Baryłko">
Mieczysław Baryłko

He graduated from Mikołaj Rej Gymnasium in Warsaw, during the World War II attended the Lycée for Machine Construction at the Wawelberg School. On 20 January 1943, he was arrested by Gestapo and detained in prison "Pawiak". He was subsequently imprisoned in the concentration camps of Auschwitz, Gross Rosen and Flossenburg until the end of the War in 1945.He returned to Poland to Elbląg where he started to work as a technician in the zinc and tin department of the Factory of Metal Goods. Next, he moved to Gdańsk, where he could finally realise his old dream and completed the studies in art at The State College for Visual Arts in Gdańsk with the seat in Sopot. He graduated in 1953, but from 1950 to 1972 he worked in his College. Initially, he was an assistant, then an adjunct and a senior lecturer. He participated in the painting works during the reconstruction of Old Town in Gdańsk. In the years 1956-1958 and 1968–1969, he was the Chairman of the Association of Polish Painters and Designers Branch in Gdańsk.
He works are in the collections of the National Museums in Warsaw, Gdańsk and Szczecin, the Historical Museum of the City of Gdańsk, the Dresden Gallery and private collections.

</doc>
<doc id="20501014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501014" title="LKL All-Star Game Most Valuable Player Award">
LKL All-Star Game Most Valuable Player Award

The Lithuanian Basketball League All-Star Game Most Valuable Player (MVP) is an annual Lithuanian Basketball League (LKL) award given to the player(s) voted best of the annual All-Star Game.
Winners.
! Year !! Player !! Nationality !! Team

</doc>
<doc id="20501024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501024" title="National Labour Party (Jamaica)">
National Labour Party (Jamaica)

The National Labour Party was a political party in Jamaica, founded by Ken Hill. Hill had been expelled from the People's National Party in 1952, accused of having advocated communism. The NLP ran three candidates in the 1955 general election; Ken Hill contested Kingston Western, getting 3,262 votes (21.91%, trailing behind the PNP and JLP candidates). Frank Hill contested the Saint Andrew Central seat, getting 784 votes (3.24%). W. M. Grubb finished second in the Hanover Eastern seat, getting 1,958 votes (30.31%).
The NLP disappeared in the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="20501026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501026" title="We R One">
We R One

"We R One" is the first and only single from British brother and sister duo Same Difference' debut studio album, "Pop". The song was also the duo's debut single. The duo rose to fame when they came third place in the fourth series of ITV1 talent competition "The X Factor". The duo performed the song on "The X Factor" on November 22, 2008, before releasing it physically two days later on November 24, 2008. The single was written by Jorgen Elofsson and Paul Westerlund, and produced by the Swedish production group Quiz & Larossi. The video for the song was filmed in Los Angeles, and features the duo in a car wash, with a large group of backing singers and dancers similar to the movies "High School Musical" and "Grease".
Music video.
The music video was uploaded onto YouTube in 2008. It shows Sean and Sarah Smith dancing in a car shop together with their friends.

</doc>
<doc id="20501027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501027" title="Steve O'Neill (owner)">
Steve O'Neill (owner)

Francis J. "Steve" O'Neill (September 18, 1899 – August 29, 1983) was the principal owner of the Cleveland Indians of the American League from through . In 1978, O'Neill purchased the Indians from the ownership group headed by Ted Bonda. After his death, O'Neill's estate owned the team until Richard Jacobs purchased the Indians in 1986. 
O'Neill was a lifelong resident of Cleveland. His family made its fortune in the trucking business. He bought a minority interest in the Indians in 1961, and was a limited partner during the tenures of William R. Daley, Gabe Paul and Vernon Stouffer. In 1973, however, he sold his Indians interest to become a limited partner in George Steinbrenner's syndicate that bought the New York Yankees. Five years later, he sold off his Yankees interest and bought a 63 percent stake in the Indians.
O'Neill was an alumnus of the University of Notre Dame, where he played basketball.

</doc>
<doc id="20501029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501029" title="Tilford Bach Festival">
Tilford Bach Festival

The Tilford Bach Festival was first held in 1952, following the creation of the Tilford Bach Society the same year. The Society and Festival were founded by Denys Darlow.
The principal venues for the Festival are All Saints Church Tilford, near Farnham, Surrey, and the Great Hall of Farnham Castle.
For the first two decades, performances at the Festival drew heavily on local musicians, amateurs as well as teachers and professionals; from the 1970s onwards, however, 'historically informed performance' came to dominate more and more, and amateur involvement gradually died out. Today the festival is an entirely professional event and specialises in performances of Baroque music using authentic instruments and orchestration.
Denys Darlow retired as Director following the 50th Festival in 2002; the current Music Directors are Laurence Cummings and Adrian Butterfield.

</doc>
<doc id="20501037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501037" title="Paulo Jorge Pedro Lopes">
Paulo Jorge Pedro Lopes

Paulo Jorge Pedro Lopes (born 29 June 1978 in Mirandela) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for S.L. Benfica as a goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20501045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501045" title="Paulo Lopes">
Paulo Lopes

Paulo Lopes is a municipality in the state of Santa Catarina in the South region of Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="20501054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501054" title="Tephrosia virginiana">
Tephrosia virginiana

Tephrosia virginiana, also known as Goat-rue or Goat's Rue, is a perennial dicot in familia Fabaceae. This subshrub has alternate compound leaves. Its leaves are imparipinnate, with relatively wide pinnae. All parts of the plant are pubescent giving it a silvery, hoary appearance. The terminal, compact racemes of cream and deep pink flowers bloom May to August. This plant prefers acidic soils, in part to full sun. It grows throughout the Midwest, New England and southeastern United States. Not easy to propagate, this plant can be found in sand savannas, open woods and glades, prairies and rocky soils.
All tissues of this plant are toxic, and should not be eaten by people or livestock. Crushed stems were previously used as a fish poison.

</doc>
<doc id="20501058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501058" title="Simen Skjønsberg">
Simen Skjønsberg

Simen Skjønsberg (2 September 1920 – 1993) was a Norwegian journalist and writer.
He was born in Øyer. During the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany he was arrested by the Nazi authorities following the 1943 University of Oslo fire. After being initially imprisoned in Stavern he was shipped to German camps, where he was incarcerated in Sennheim and concentration camp|Buchenwald until the liberation. He finally graduated as cand.mag. in 1950. He was hired as a journalist in "Dagbladet" in 1954, and was its cultural editor from 1959 to 1978. He was succeeded by Hans Fredrik Dahl.
He published several novels, including "Der bommene senkes" (1971), "Fuglebrettet" (1973), "Gitter i lyset" (1975) and "Ingen friplass på karusellen" (1977). He also wrote poetry, his collections including "Vi er blitt fremmede" (1965), "Flyttedag" (1969), "I realismesalen" (1984) and "Grensevakter" (1987). He was awarded the Mads Wiel Nygaards Endowment in 1970 and the Gyldendal's Endowment in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20501088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501088" title="Ohmer fare register">
Ohmer fare register

The Ohmer fare register was, in various models, a mechanical device for registering and recording the fares of passengers on streetcars, buses and taxis in the early 20th century. It was invented and improved by members and employees of the Ohmer family of Dayton, Ohio, especially John F. Ohmer who founded the Ohmer Fare Register Company in 1898, and his brother Wilfred I. Ohmer of the Recording and Computing Machines Company of Dayton, Ohio. This latter company employed up to 9,000 people at one time and was a major manufacturer of precision equipment during World War I. It was subsequently renamed the Ohmer Corporation and in 1949, acquired by Rockwell Manufacturing.
Fare registers on city buses were replaced by fare boxes by the middle of the 20th century, and today by ticket or card machines. Ohmer fare registers can be found in use and on display at trolley museums throughout the U.S.
A station on the Sacramento Northern line through Concord, California, was called "Ohmer", named for the Ohmer company and its fare register. The site is now occupied by the North Concord/Martinez Station of the Bay Area Rapid Transit system.
External links.
NY Times Obituary Nov.5, 1938, John F. Ohmer

</doc>
<doc id="20501106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501106" title="Theodora Smilets of Bulgaria">
Theodora Smilets of Bulgaria

Teodora (Bulgarian and ) was a Bulgarian princess and Queen consort of Serbia, the first wife of king Stefan Uroš III Dečanski of Serbia.
Teodora was the second daughter of Bulgarian Emperor Smilets and his wife, the daughter of "sebastokrator" Constantine Palaiologos and niece of Emperor Michael VIII Palaiologos.
Teodora was married to Serbian crown prince Stefan Uroš III (later king) on 24 August 1296. They had two children:
In 1314, her husband's father, Stefan Milutin, quarreled with Stefan, and sent him to Constantinople to be blinded. Teodora and the family went with him and established a household there until 1320 when they were allowed to return. Teodora died 20 December 1322 at the royal residence at Zvečan, Kosovska Mitrovica. She was buried in the nearby monastery Banjska.

</doc>
<doc id="20501120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501120" title="Valdomiro Duarte de Macedo">
Valdomiro Duarte de Macedo

Valdomiro Duarte de Macedo, simply known as Valdomiro (born 6 December 1979 in Salvador, Bahia), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Associação Portuguesa de Desportos as a central defender. 

</doc>
<doc id="20501121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501121" title="LKL Slam Dunk Contest">
LKL Slam Dunk Contest

The LKL Slam Dunk Contest is an annual Lithuanian Basketball League (LKL) competition held during the LKL All-Star Day.
Past LKL Slam Dunk Contest champions.
1994, Panevėžys – Gary Arrington (Statyba)
1995, Alytus – Darius Sirtautas (Atletas) 
1997, Kaunas – Darius Sirtautas (Žalgiris)
1998, Vilnius - Darius Sirtautas (Žalgiris)
1999, Kaunas – Eurelijus Žukauskas (Žalgiris)
2000, Kaunas – Robertas Javtokas (Lietuvos rytas)
2001, Kaunas – Robertas Javtokas (Lietuvos rytas)
2002, Kaunas – Dainius Šalenga (Žalgiris)
2003, Kaunas- Aaron Lucas (Lietuvos rytas)
2004, Kaunas – Marco Spears (Alita)
2005, Vilnius – Antonio Grant (Neptūnas)
2007, Vilnius – Aivaras Kiaušas (Sakalai)
2008, Šiauliai – Mantas Kalnietis (Žalgiris)
2009, Šiauliai – Arvydas Šikšnius (Sakalai)
2010, Panevėžys - Aron Baynes (Lietuvos rytas)
2011, Šiauliai - Algirdas Palaima (-)
2012, Klaipėda - Sonny Weems (Žalgiris)
2013, Šiauliai - Šarūnas Beniušis (LSU-Atletas)
2014, Klaipėda - Travis Leslie (Šiauliai)

</doc>
<doc id="20501126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501126" title="Little Holland House">
Little Holland House

Little Holland House was the dower house of Holland House in Kensington, England. It was at one point occupied by Charles Richard Fox and his wife, Lady Mary Fox, daughter of King William IV. Henry Thoby Prinsep, a director of East India Company family, gained a 21-year lease on it from Henry Fox, 4th Baron Holland thanks to the painter George Frederic Watts, a friend of both the Hollands and the Prinseps. Watts, the Prinseps and Henry's sisters-in-law such as Julia Margaret Cameron lived, worked and entertained here for 21 years, making it the centre of their salon.
When the lease expired in 1871, the Prinseps moved out and the Hollands demolished the building. Thobey Prinsep then leased a large plot of land on Melbury Road (abutting the estate of Lord Leighton) from the Earl of Ilchester, part of which he gave to Watts. On his plot, Watts had Frederick Cockerell build New Little Holland House, in which he lived from 1876 until his death in 1904. The house was destroyed in a bombing raid during World War II

</doc>
<doc id="20501141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501141" title="Baby Ray (band)">
Baby Ray (band)

Baby Ray is a band from Cambridge, MA that was formed in the 1996 from members of another band (Brain Helicopter). The founding members are Ken Lafler and Erich Groat (also of Willard Grant Conspiracy). Their sound carries a pop sensibility, while still adhering to the alternative style of rock from the 90's.

</doc>
<doc id="20501146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501146" title="Ludomir Benedyktowicz">
Ludomir Benedyktowicz


</doc>
<doc id="20501187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501187" title="LKL Three-point Shootout">
LKL Three-point Shootout

The LKL Three-point Shootout is a Lithuanian Basketball League All-Star Day contest held before the All-Star Game. Competitors try to score as many points as possible in one minute. There are five ball racks laid out over the three point arc: one on each baseline, one halfway between the baseline and the top of the arc on each side, and one at the top of the arc.
Each rack has five balls, four of which are worth one point (the standard orange balls) and the fifth one (a red, white, and blue ball; nicknamed the "money ball") is worth two points. Thus a perfect score is 30 points.
In the first round each contestant has one chance to score as many points as possible. The four with the top four scores advance to the finals.
Shootout champions.
1994 (Panevėžys) – Richard Thomas (Šilute)
1995 (Alytus) – Joey Vickery (Olimpas)
1997 (Kaunas) – Svajūnas Airošius (Neptūnas)
1998 (Vilnius) - Arūnas Grigas (Alita)
1999 (Kaunas) - Svajūnas Airošius (Neptūnas)
2000 (Kaunas) – Arvydas Macijauskas (Lietuvos rytas)
2001 (Kaunas) – Donatas Slanina (Žalgiris)
2002 (Kaunas) - Arvydas Macijauskas (Lietuvos rytas)
2003 (Kaunas) - Arvydas Macijauskas (Lietuvos rytas)
2004 (Kaunas) – Ainars Bagatskis (Žalgiris)
2005 (Vilnius) – Petras Šalvis (Neptūnas)
2006 (Vilnius) – Marius Kasiulevičius (Neptūnas)
2007 (Vilnius) – Gytis Sirutavičius (Nevėžis)
2008 (Šiauliai) – Marius Runkauskas (Neptūnas)
2009 (Šiauliai) – Marius Kasiulevičius (Neptūnas)
2010 (Panevėžys) - Derrick Low (Šiauliai)
2011 (Šiauliai) - Edvinas Ruzgas (Šiauliai)
2012 (Klaipėda) - Žygimantas Šeštokas (Juventus)
2013 (Šiauliai) - Marius Runkauskas (Neptūnas)
2014 (Klaipėda) - Marius Runkauskas (Neptūnas)

</doc>
<doc id="20501190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501190" title="Tiago Miguel Baía Pinto">
Tiago Miguel Baía Pinto

Tiago Miguel Baía Pinto (born 1 February 1988) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Rio Ave F.C. as a left defender.
He is the oldest son of João Vieira Pinto, whom successfully represented Benfica, Sporting and the Portuguese national team.
Football career.
Pinto was born in Porto. After receiving his first football lessons at Sport Lisboa e Benfica, although father João was already playing for neighbours Sporting Clube de Portugal, he soon made the same move and completed his formation at the José Alvalade Stadium.
In 2007–08 Pinto was loaned to C.D. Olivais e Moscavide in the third division, repeating the predicament in the following campaign with top level newcomers C.D. Trofense. In September 2009, he cut ties with Sporting and signed with Sporting de Braga. 
During his first and only season, Pinto failed to appear officially as the Minho side finished in second position, being released and joining fellow first-divisioner Rio Ave FC.

</doc>
<doc id="20501192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501192" title="Boulevard Diner">
Boulevard Diner

Boulevard Diner is a historic diner at 155 Shrewsbury Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.
It was built by Worcester Lunch Car Company and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20501199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501199" title="Ola H. Metliaas">
Ola H. Metliaas

Ola H. Metliaas (1943–2005) was a Norwegian civil servant and politician.
He was born in Orkdal, and had a background as chairman of the Young Liberals of Norway, the young wing of the Liberal Party, from 1966 to 1968. In 1972 he was the managing director of Ja til EF, an organization supporting Norwegian membership in the European Community. The issue was up for referendum in 1972, but the referendum failed, and Metliaas joined the Liberal People's Party which split from the Liberal Party due to this issue.
Metliaas was later director of Statens Attføringsinstitutt from 1979 to 1983, in the Norwegian Directorate of Labour from 1983 to 1988, of Ullevål University Hospital from 1989 to 1996, of the Norwegian Refugee Council from 1997 to 1999 and of Elverum Hospital from 1999 to his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20501213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501213" title="Uncial 0271">
Uncial 0271

Uncial 0271 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 9th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of Matthew 12:27-39, on one parchment leaf (33 cm by 26 cm). Written in two columns per page, 26 lines per page, in uncial letters. It is a palimpsest, the upper text contains menaeon in Greek. Formerly it was included together with Uncial 0272 and Uncial 0273 in Uncial 0133. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 9th century.
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the British Library (Add. 31919, f. 22) in London.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II. 

</doc>
<doc id="20501224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501224" title="St. Peters Catholic Church (Worcester, Massachusetts)">
St. Peters Catholic Church (Worcester, Massachusetts)

St. Peters Catholic Church is a historic church building at 935 Main Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.
The Gothic Revival church was built in 1884 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It was designed by architect Patrick W. Ford.

</doc>
<doc id="20501232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501232" title="John the Divine (disambiguation)">
John the Divine (disambiguation)

John the Divine or Saint/St John the Divine refers to the man whom Christian tradition variously calls:

</doc>
<doc id="20501240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501240" title="Military equipment of Turkey">
Military equipment of Turkey

The military equipment of Turkey includes a wide array of arms, artilleries, large surface vessels, cannons, armored vehicles, mortars, unmanned vehicles and many different equipments.
Historical development.
General.
The first initiative in establishing a defense industry in Turkey goes back to the period of the Ottoman Empire. Defense industry which had a strong position up until the 17th century, stayed outside the technological developments in Europe since the 18th century and has totally lost its impact starting from the World War I.
Thus, no significant defense industry infrastructure was present during the first years of the Republic and activities in this domain were limited to the establishment of new facilities near Ankara during the Turkish War of Independence. Having the view that defence industry is a part of the overall industrialization and development, the Republican Administration supported the State’s guidance in industrialization and therefore the defense industry during the first planning period. Despite such activities as the in-country aircraft production, a strong –infrastructure could not be established due to internal an d external conditions.
In the post World War II Period, activities in defense industry initiated during the first years of the Republic were not sufficient due to lack of State support, which came to a halt as a result of the foreign military aid received upon promotion of bilateral relations with the United States and Turkey’s membership of NATO.
However, regional problems Turkey faced in the 1960s, Cyprus crises in 1963 and 1967, Cyprus Peace Operation in 1974 and the arms embargo following the Peace Operation necessitated the development of a defence industry based on national resources. After 1974 Turkish Armed Forces Foundation were established with this understanding and some investments, though limited were initiated.
Besides the administrative and financial difficulties in maintaining and improving the national capabilities, limited national resources as well as the procurement policies proved insufficient to fill the increasing gap in Turkish Armed Forces defence equipment.
1923-1950.
Machinery, craftsmen and workmen transferred discretely from Istanbul and its surroundings at the end of the Ist World War played a crucial role in winning the War of Independence. Small scale and simple workshops in Ankara, Konya, Eskişehir, Keskin and Erzurum not only provided light weapons and ammunition but also lay the foundation for a sound local defence industry infrastructure.
General Directorate of Military Facilities was set up in 1921. Establishing and industry of weapons and ammunition was discussed for the first time during the İzmir Congress of Economics. In 1924 a facility for repair of light weapons and artillery and another facility for ammunition and carpenter work in Ankara; in 1924 a new ammunition facility in Ankara; in 1930 a capsule facility in Kayaş; in 1931 a power plant and steel facility in Kırıkkale ; in 1936 a facility for gunpowder, rifle and artillery; in 1943 a facility for gas masks in Mamak were established. In addition, Nuri KILLIGİL facility set up near Haliç region, İstanbul; in 1930 was then one of two private firms producing weapons. Producing pistols, 81 mm mortar and its ammunition, explosives and pyrotechnics, this facility provided support to the Turkish Armed Forces during the World War II.
In 1924, Gölcük Shipyard was set up for the maintenance of Yavuz battle cruiser. In 1941, Taşkızak Shipyard was reactivated.
Turkish aviation industry was initiated through the establishment of Tayyare ve Motor Türk AŞ (TamTAŞ) in 1926. The facilities of TamTAŞ established in Kayseri, started production in 1928; until 1939, a total of 112 aircraft –15 German Junkers A-20s, 15 US Hawk fighters, 10 US Fledging trainers, 15 German Gotha liaison aircraft –were produced. After completion of the maintenance of the aircraft in the inventory of the Turkish Air Force Command, TamTAŞ suspended aircraft production in 1939.
24 Nu. 37 aircraft and many gliders were produced in the aircraft facility founded by Nuri DEMİRDAĞ in Istanbul in 1936. but this private firm was out of operation in 1943.
The first major initiative in the aviation industry was the formation of an aircraft facility by Turkish Aviation Association in Ankara, 1941. Starting production in 1944, this facility produced 80 Miles Magister trainer aircraft, two –engine ambulance aircraft THK-10 light transport aircraft, 60 Ugur two-seater trainer aircraft and various types of gliders. The first aircraft engine facility was set up in Ankara, in 1945 and started production in 1948. various facilities were established in Malatya between 1942-43 in order to repair and maintain the aircraft procured from the United Kingdom during the IInd World War.
Foreign military aid that started upon Turkey’s membership in NATO and increased within a short period stalled the development of local defence industry which was at its preliminary stage of formation.
1950-1960.
Instead of improving the local defence industry, foreign aid and foreign procurement were practiced during this period. Because of the Cold War and military and political polarization after the 2nd World War, Turkey met its defence requirements through and in the framework of the NATO.
Within the impact of the increasing foreign aid in the post-IInd World War period, efforts for the development of local defence industry slowed down; orders of the Turkish Armed Forces from the local suppliers decreased, thus military facilities became a part of the Machinery and Chemical Industry Corporation (MKEK) which was formed as a State Economic Enterprise on 15 March 1950.
Development of, weaponry and equipment in the inventory of the Turkish Armed Forces was kept on the agenda by the Research and Development Department formed in 1954 under the Ministry of Defence in 1970, development studies of defence industry were reactivated.
1960-1970.
It was a period regional conflicts and the Cyprus issue. Cyprus crises in 1963 and 1967 and the Cyprus Peace Operation in 1974, the arms embargo imposed on Turkey as a result of this Peace Operation proved the need for a national defence industry. During the crises, Turkey was face with the difficulty of dependence on foreign supply. The deadlock experienced in this period caused to seek ways to reactivate national defence industry. During this period in which investments based on import substitution were common, production of G-3 and MG-3 rifles by the MKEK under German licenses were concrete examples of this policy put into practice.
1970–1980.
1970s have been the period in which solid initiatives were put into force so as to establish a national defence industry. As a result of the national reaction to the arms embargo against Turkey, Armed Forces Foundation were established. Although these Foundations formed enterprises such as Aselsan, Havelsan, Aspilsan thanks to the donations, it was soon realized that the actual need for a defence industry as required by the contemporary age could not be met through the Foundations.
1980-1985.
In 1980s, state initiative was undertaken to realize the modernization of the Turkish Armed Forces and the establishment of a national defence industry based on contemporary technology was set as the primary goal.
The first step in this direction was taken by the establishment of defence equipment Directorate as a state enterprise. However, the shortcomings stemming from its state-bound status prevented the success and all the properties of that enterprise were transferred to the Undersecretariat for Defence Industries (SSM) which was established in 1985 under the Law No: 3238
Today's Turkish defense industry.
One of the main tasks of the SSM is to re-organize and integrate the existing national industry so as to satisfy defence industry requirements, encourage new enterprises and channel them according to the integration and requirements, seek possibilities for foreign capital and technology contribution, guide enterprises and make plans for state participation in this respect.
Over the last 21 years since its establishment, and as a result of dedicated efforts, the Undersecretariat for Defence Industries has made real achievements in the creation of a modern national defence infrastructure in Turkey, with highly successful results in certain vital areas. Key defence industrial institutions have been established to meet the requirements of the Turkish Armed Forces through local sources, each of which fill an important gap in their scope of activity.
Additionally, some important capabilities have been obtained in the framework of the projects and industrialization activities. Briefly these are as follows:
Turkish defense industries are now able to manufacture authentic products and have a wide research and development programme in which main supporter is TÜBİTAK .
As a result of SSM projects now Turkey have existence of a defense industry. There are very sufficient sub-system producers, firms in Teknokent, small and medium sized enterprises, research institutions and universities.
Companies.
Artillery - rockets - missiles.
-Note: The M44T and M52T is a Turkish modernization, license built Rheinmetall 155mm howitser with Turkish Fire Control Systems.
Small arms.
Pistols
Submachine gun
Assault rifle
Machine gun
Shotgun
Rifle
Sniper rifle
Grenade launchers
Rocket launchers

</doc>
<doc id="20501251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501251" title="María José (EP)">
María José (EP)

María José is an EP by María José Castillo, released in 2008 by Sony BMG Latin America. It has been certified Gold for selling +5,000 copies. It is often considered as only an EP because it only has six tracks and has not enough length to be an album. Sometimes it is considered as an album, although "María José" is an EP.
Album information.
Initially set for a December 2, 2008, release, the album was pushed up to November 28, 2008. "María José" was released on November 26 because of the finishing of the album earlier than expected. The album was originally set to be released only on Costa Rica and then making a major studio album and releasing it in more selected countries, but later it was released in various other countries. The album is mostly a cover album, covering four of her songs performed on Latin American Idol, but it has two tracks that were written for Castillo and her partner Margarita Henríquez. The album along with Henríquez album, has been successful on its home country, but it was failure internationally. But later on December the album got more promotion on other countries, and the sales got higher.
The album has been very successful for Sony BMG Latin America, on December 8, 2008, Sony BMG announced Castillo and the public that the album had sold 5,000 and got a Gold Certification.
Chart performance.
The album was a big success on Costa Rica. To date, the album has only charted on several minor charts in Costa Rica and also some mayor charts on the same country. The album was also released on other areas in Central America. Castillo said she would release a bigger album or production that would be released with promotional advertisements and music videos.

</doc>
<doc id="20501272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501272" title="South Unitarian Church">
South Unitarian Church

The South Unitarian Church is an historic church building at 888 Main Street in the Main South neighborhood of Worcester, Massachusetts. The Romanesque Revival building was designed by Earle & Fisher and was built by the Norcross Brothers in 1894 for the South Unitarian Society, established in 1890. The building is made of sandstone blocks, laid in courses alternating in width. The front (eastern) facade features a high pitched gable, with two rows of three windows, then a pair of windows topped by a large half-round window To the right is the church entrance, a smaller projecting gable section with a doorway recessed in a round archway, topped by three smaller windows. To the rear behind the entrance is a square tower with a partial half-round side tower.
On March 5, 1980, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as South Unitarian. At the time of its listing it housed an Armenian Apostolic congregation; it presently houses a Spanish Seventh Day Adventist Congregation.

</doc>
<doc id="20501275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501275" title="EUCIP">
EUCIP

The European Certification of Informatics Professionals (EUCIP) is a professional certification and competency development scheme, aimed at informatics professionals and practitioners. EUCIP, which originated with the Council of European Professional Informatics Societies, is offered in a range of European countries through national computer societies. The EUCIP certifications are maintained by ECDL Foundation.
History of EUCIP.
The evolution of EUCIP stems from a series of earlier projects in the area of IT competence. These include the EISS (European Informatics Skills Structures) and EICL (European Informatics Continuous Learning) (circa 1995-1999), EPIC (European Professional Informatics Certificate) in 2000, which aimed at providing a basic level of IT professional certification, followed by EPICS (European Professional Informatics Certificate Service) in 2001–2003, which saw the development of what was soon to become the EUCIP Core syllabus. 
This EPICS activity involved input from several European Subject Matter Experts. In addition, the EPICS project applied for financial support from the EU, through the TEN-telecom program. As a result of this funding, a market validation project took place to prepare a business plan for a limited market in six European countries.
The name was changed to EUCIP in late 2001 and a EUCIP central organisation was created as part of CEPIS. An initial meeting of early adopters was held in Athens in January 2002 and the work of creating the EUCIP product (based on the initial activities from the EPICS) began. During 2002, a test base was developed and extensive piloting activities took place in Italy, Finland, Norway, UK, Estonia and Germany. Later in the year, the working groups which had been involved in designing the product were transformed into a more structured form and EUCIP moved into office space in the BCS (British Computer Society) headquarters in Swindon. The first official tests took place in Italy in July 2003, soon followed by Norway. During 2004 CEPIS decided to hand over operation and maintenance support for EUCIP to ECDL Foundation. The involvement of ECDL Foundation has led to further revision to the EUCIP programmes.
Candidates.
The EUCIP certification is available in 8 European countries with testing being administered in competence centres in each these countries for a fee. ECDL Foundation markets the EUCIP programme to practitioners working in industry, government and public organisations. EUCIP aims to create a pan-European skills standard for ICT Professionals, helps to close the IT skills gap, enhance worker mobility, and increases the labour market value of certified practitioners.
EUCIP Core.
According to ECDL Foundation, the EUCIP Core provides students with a solid foundation for all types of ICT related work. To achieve a EUCIP certification, the candidate must successfully pass a test in all three knowledge areas. These are:
A) Plan Area: The Use and Management of Information Systems
This area refers to requirements analysis and planning in the use of ICT within an organisation. It is therefore directly concerned with management processes and defining requirements within a strategic perspective.
B) Build Area: Development and Integration of Information Systems
This area includes processes for specification, development and testing, and maintenance of Information Systems. It deals with methodological and technological issues related to development processes.
C) Operate Area: Operation and Support of Information Systems
This area concerns installation, supervision and maintenance of ICT systems. Essential topics include: hardware and software concepts, management of networks, service delivery and support, and security.
EUCIP Professional.
EUCIP Professional demands advanced competence in a particular role. The professional level is based on a specialised competence that a candidate may earn by working through a variety of educational modules and by gaining practical experience. There are 21 professional profiles to choose from:
EUCIP IT Administrator.
IT Administrator is a standalone certification programme that certifies practical and theoretical knowledge of computer technicians. The certification covers a wide range of Hardware, Software and Networks knowledge areas. Syllabus 3.0 consists of the following modules:
In addition, ECDL Foundation has developed a EUCIP IT Administrator - Fundamentals module that provides a broad understanding of hardware, operating systems, networks and IT Security.

</doc>
<doc id="20501277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501277" title="Florence and the Machine">
Florence and the Machine

Florence and the Machine (stylised as Florence + the Machine) are an English indie rock band, consisting of lead singer Florence Welch, Isabella "Machine" Summers, and a collaboration of other artists. The band's music had received praise across the media, especially from the BBC, before they gained mainstream success. Specifically, the BBC played a large part in their rise to prominence by promoting Florence and the Machine as part of "BBC Introducing".
The band's first album, "Lungs", was released on 6 July 2009, and held the number-two position for its first five weeks on the UK Albums Chart. On 17 January 2010, the album reached the top position, after being on the chart for twenty-eight consecutive weeks. As of October 2010, the album had been in the top forty in the United Kingdom for sixty-five consecutive weeks, making it one of the best-selling albums of 2009 and 2010. The group's second studio album, "Ceremonials", released in October 2011, entered the charts at number one in the UK and number six in the US.
Florence and the Machine's sound has been described as a combination of various genres, including rock and soul. "Lungs" won the MasterCard British Album award at the 2010 BRIT Awards. At the 53rd Grammy Awards, Florence and the Machine were nominated for Best New Artist. Additionally, the band performed at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards and the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize Concert.
History.
2007–08: Formation and early years.
The name of Florence and the Machine is attributed to Florence Welch's teenage collaboration with Isabella "Machine" Summers. Welch and Summers performed together for a time under the name Florence Robot/Isa Machine. According to Welch, "The name Florence and the Machine started off as a private joke that got out of hand. I made music with my friend, who we called Isabella Machine to which I was Florence Robot. When I was about an hour away from my first gig, I still didn't have a name, so I thought 'Okay, I'll be Florence Robot/Isa Machine', before realising that name was so long it'd drive me mad." 
In addition to Summers (keyboards and backing vocals), the current band members include musicians Robert Ackroyd (guitar and backing vocals), Chris Hayden (drums, percussion and backing vocals), Mark Saunders (bass guitar and backing vocals) and Tom Monger (harp). In the past, Welch has praised the Machine for understanding her creative process, claiming, "I've worked with most of them for a long time and they know my style, know the way I write, they know what I want."
In 2007, Welch recorded with a band named Ashok, who released an album titled "Plans" on the Filthy Lucre/About Records label. This album included the earliest version of her later hit "Kiss with a Fist", which at this point was titled "Happy Slap". She signed a contract for Ashok with a manager, but feeling that she was "in the wrong band" she resigned, which cancelled the contract. Florence and the Machine are managed by Mairead Nash (one half of the DJ duo Queens of Noize), who decided to manage the singer when an inebriated Welch followed Nash into the toilets at a club and sang Etta James' 1962 song "Something's Got a Hold on Me".
2008–10: "Lungs".
Florence and the Machine released their first album "Lungs" in the United Kingdom on 6 July 2009. The album was produced by James Ford, Paul Epworth, Steve Mackey and Charlie Hugall. Much of the material on the album was written as reaction to what turned out to be a temporary break-up with Welch's former boyfriend. Welch said, "He prefers me not to talk about it. It's funny then singing about it." The album was officially launched with a set at the Rivoli Ballroom in Brockley, South East London. It peaked at number one in the UK and number two in Ireland. As of 6 August 2009, the album had sold over 100,000 copies in the UK and by 10 August it had been at number two for five consecutive weeks. Following its 25 July 2009 release for download in the United States, the album entered the charts at number seventeen on the "Billboard" Heatseekers Albums chart, ultimately peaking at number one. The album was released physically in the US on 20 October by Universal Republic.
"Kiss with a Fist" was released as the album's lead single on 9 June 2008. The track was featured on the soundtrack to the films "Wild Child", "Jennifer's Body", and "", as well as in the television series "90210", "Community" and "Saving Grace". Follow-up single "Dog Days Are Over", released on 1 December 2008, was recorded with no instruments in a studio the "size of a loo". The song was used in the American television series "Gossip Girl", "Covert Affairs", in the British television series "Skins", and in the theatrical trailer for the 2010 comedy-drama film "Eat Pray Love", starring Julia Roberts. "Dog Days Are Over" was also featured in the "Glee" episode "Special Education", where it was covered by Jenna Ushkowitz and Amber Riley. "Rabbit Heart (Raise It Up)" was released on 22 June 2009 as the third single from the album. A small part of the song's melody, as well as the lyric "How quickly the glamour fades", were lifted from New York band Gang Gang Dance's 2008 song "House Jam" without credit on the "Lungs" liner notes. Members of the group noticed this and brought it to the attention of Florence and the Machine's label. Island Records acknowledged infringement and agreed to pay Gang Gang Dance a share of the song's publishing royalties. Welch agreed that she erred and said her intent was to pay homage.
After the release of "Lungs", "Drumming Song" and a cover of The Source and Candi Staton's 1986 song "You've Got the Love" were released as singles, the latter of which also went on to become part of a mashup titled "You Got the Dirtee Love" between Welch and English rapper Dizzee Rascal. The two performed the mashup together at the 2010 BRIT Awards on 16 February 2010 and the recorded performance was subsequently released as a single the following day.
On 5 January 2010, "Hurricane Drunk" was originally announced as the next single from the album. However, on 3 March a re-release of "Dog Days Are Over" was announced on the band's website; it was released digitally on 11 April 2010 and on 7" vinyl the following day, coinciding with the release of a brand-new video. "Cosmic Love" was released on 5 July 2010 as the sixth and final single from "Lungs", with a music video having already been shot. The song was featured in several American television shows, including "Grey's Anatomy", "The Vampire Diaries", "V", "Nikita" and "So You Think You Can Dance". The band also made a guest appearance in the 7 February 2011 episode of "Gossip Girl", titled "Panic Roommate", where they performed an acoustic rendition of "Cosmic Love". On 12 May 2010, it was announced that Florence and the Machine would provide a track called "Heavy in Your Arms" for the , the third film of "The Twilight Saga". "" was released in cinemas on 30 June 2010, with "Heavy in Your Arms" playing during the end credits. The music video followed on 7 July 2010. An exclusive remix of "I'm Not Calling You a Liar" is featured in the 2011 video game "Dragon Age II" as "I'm Not Calling You a Liar (Dragon Age II: Varric's Theme)", produced by the game's composer Inon Zur.
2011–13: "Ceremonials".
Initially, Welch considered offers from the band's record label to record their second album in the United States to work with writers and producers in Los Angeles, but ultimately decided to record the album in the UK. The first demo session occurred in January 2010 with Welch and Paul Epworth at a small London studio. Numerous producers expressed an interest in working on the album but Welch rejected the offers because she wanted "Ceremonials" to be a better version of "Lungs" with a "more dark, more heavy, bigger drum sounds, bigger bass, but with more of a whole sound". For the rest of the year work on the album continued only intermittently as the band concentrated on an extensive tour of the United States, where "Lungs" had become popular. The majority of the writing for the album was done between January and April 2011, with recording taking place in April at Abbey Road Studios. Refinement took place at Epworth's own London studios while Welch recorded vocal tracks in various US studios, during days off from touring. The final recording session took place in July at Epworth's studio. Epworth co-wrote seven tracks. Several other British writers share credits on the album, including Summers, Kid Harpoon, James Ford and composer Eg White.
In February 2011, Florence and the Machine were nominated for Best New Artist in the 53rd Grammy Awards.
In June 2011 a cover of the Buddy Holly classic "Not Fade Away," which Florence and the Machine recorded for the tribute album "Rave on Buddy Holly" tied to Holly's seventy-fifth birthday year, was released and they performed "Ceremonials" setup track "What the Water Gave Me" at the Greek Theatre in Berkeley, California. In August 2011, the single "What the Water Gave Me" was released on iTunes along with an accompanying video on the band's website and YouTube channel. The video drew 1.5 million YouTube views in two days and the track received play on US alternative radio with strong support from Los Angeles radio station KROQ. The single "Shake It Out" was released over the internet in September 2011, with standard release 11 October. In Australia, the song was playlisted at Triple J and Nova radio networks and received strong airplay in Scandinavia, Italy and Canada.
The band's second album, "Ceremonials", was released on 31 October 2011. It reached number one on the UK Albums Chart and number six on the US "Billboard" 200. On 12 January 2012, Florence and the Machine were nominated for two Brit Awards, with the awards ceremony taking place on 21 February 2012 at the O2 Arena, London. On 26 April 2012, the band released "Breath of Life", a song which was recorded as the official theme song for the film "Snow White and the Huntsman". On 5 July 2012, a remix of "Spectrum (Say My Name)" by Scottish musician Calvin Harris was released as the fourth single from "Ceremonials", becoming the band's first UK number-one hit. Welch has expressed excitement about putting new material together for a third album after the band finishes touring at the end of September 2012. Welch collaborated for a second time with Harris on the song "Sweet Nothing", released on 12 October 2012 as a single from Harris's album "18 Months". The song entered at number one on the UK Singles Chart, becoming their second collaborative number-one single.
In mid-2012 it was announced that Universal Republic Records that they were going defunct, moving all artists including Florence and the Machine to Republic Records making the label itself revived. In late August 2012, Welch told "Style" magazine that she plans to take a twelve-month hiatus before starting work on the band's next studio album, stating, "There's a big 'take a year off' plan. The record company have put no pressure on me for the next album. They've said I can have as long as I want."
In December 2012, Florence and the Machine were nominated for Best Pop Vocal Album for "Ceremonials" and Best Pop Duo/Group Performance for "Shake It Out" at the 2013 Grammy Awards. On 4 April 2013, it was announced that Florence and the Machine had written a song for Baz Luhrmann's film rendition of "The Great Gatsby", titled "Over the Love", which was released on 17 April 2013 on SoundCloud.
Performances.
Florence and the Machine started off by playing a handful of gigs in and around London, and in August 2007, the band performed at the first year of the 1–2–3–4 Shoreditch Festival, performing alongside Lightspeed Champion on the MySpace Main Stage which was hosted by manager Nash's DJ double act, Queens of Noize. In May 2008, they supported MGMT on tour in Europe. The BBC played a large part in Florence and the Machine's rise to prominence by promoting her as part of "BBC Introducing". This led to them playing music festivals in 2008, including Glastonbury, Reading and Leeds and Bestival. Florence and the Machine were also part of the Shockwaves NME Awards Tour 2009 in January and February.
The group played the Concerts for Teenage Cancer Trust charity event at the Royal Albert Hall in March 2009. Florence and The Machine supported Blur for their 26 June comeback performance at the M.E.N. Arena in Manchester. They played at the Lovebox Festival on 18 and 19 July. In July 2009, the group was supporting Duran Duran. They performed at the Glastonbury Festival 2009, the Reading and Leeds 2009, Electric Picnic 2009 and T in the Park 2009.
Florence and the Machine played at Australia's Splendour in the Grass music festival in July 2010. The group drew one of the biggest crowds of the three-day festival. They performed in the natural open-air amphitheatre, which had to be closed off by security due to safety concerns as an unprecedented number of festival-goers rushed to see the performance. It is estimated that 28,000 people of the 33,000 people who attended the festival crammed in to see Florence and the Machine. The amphitheatre was reopened shortly after the start, once the safety concerns were allayed. In October 2009, the band's equipment and instruments were caught in a trailer fire during their European tour, forcing the band to use rented instruments to complete their remaining shows. Welch stated, "You could hear the harp's strings ping in the fire. Strange sound. We recorded it and I want to use it in a song."
On 27 October 2009, Florence and the Machine played their first official New York City gig at the Bowery Ballroom, and performed "Kiss with a Fist" on the "Late Show with David Letterman". On 5 November, the band performed "Rabbit Heart (Raise It Up)" on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" Welch stated although she would like to tour the United States, she is fearful of becoming homesick due to the time it would take to tour the country.
After the success of "Lungs" topping the UK Albums Chart in January 2010, seven months after the album was released, Florence and the Machine announced an eleven-date UK and Ireland tour called The Cosmic Love Tour in May 2010. Support acts include Babe Shadow and The Drums. Florence and the Machine performed at Oxegen 2010, T in the Park 2010, the Isle of Wight Festival 2010, Roskilde Festival 2010, V Festival 2010, and the San Miguel Primavera Sound 2010. In March 2010, it was that confirmed that the band's first headlining festival would be Latitude 2010, having been booked the previous September before achieving mainstream success.
The Cosmic Love Tour kicked off at Dublin's Olympia Theatre on 2 May 2010 where the group performed a new song called "Strangeness and Charm" and ended at London's Hammersmith Apollo on 15 May 2010. On 25 June, the group played the Glastonbury Festival 2010, where they performed "Strangeness and Charm" and a cover of Fleetwood Mac's "The Chain" during their ten-song set. Their performance drew one of the biggest crowds of the day and one of the biggest in the Other Stage's history.
Welch and Dizzee Rascal's performance of a mashup version of the band's single "You've Got the Love" and Dizzee's single "Dirtee Cash", titled "You Got the Dirtee Love", at the 2010 BRIT Awards on 16 February 2010 was described as "a definite highlight of the evening". This collaboration was released as a charity single the following day, peaking at number two on the UK Singles Chart. She reprised the performance when she joined Dizzee on stage during his performance at the Glastonbury Festival 2010. Florence and the Machine opened for U2 on the North American leg of their U2 360° Tour in June and July 2011.
International appearances: Solo and as a group.
In an interview with "New York Post"s PopWrap, Welch revealed that in the weeks and months prior to her 12 September performance at the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards, she was so nervous she lost sleep and cried. In addition, she struggled during the pre-show rehearsal with a move that required her to stand up on a rotating platform. The performance was directed by "So You Think You Can Dance" choreographer Travis Wall and had Welch performing with a host of hyperactive dancers. It was described as "both ethereal and downright joyous". After the performance, "Lungs" rose to number two on the iTunes albums chart and "Dog Days Are Over" rose to number nine on the iTunes singles chart. In addition, Florence and the Machine became the number-one search on Google and received 1,700 tweets per minute on Twitter. Florence and the Machine performed "Dog Days Are Over" on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" on 15 October 2010. On 20 November 2010, the band performed "Dog Days Are Over" and "You've Got the Love" on "Saturday Night Live". They performed an online-only concert at New York City's Ed Sullivan Theater on 16 December 2010 as part of the "Live on Letterman" concert series. Welch and a number of other female singers opened the 53rd Grammy Awards on 13 February 2011 with a tribute to an ailing Aretha Franklin. On 27 February 2011, Welch replaced pregnant Dido and sang her portion of Best Original Song nominee "If I Rise" (from "127 Hours") with A. R. Rahman at the 83rd Academy Awards. Two years of worldwide touring are scheduled to promote "Ceremonials".
Welch led a tribute to Amy Winehouse by performing Winehouse's songs "Back to Black" during the VH1 Divas Celebrates Soul concert held in December 2011. The group performed in Times Square on 31 December 2011 for the 40th annual "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve" special.
In July 2012 the group was forced to cancel two European dates after Welch sustained a vocal injury. She was able to recover and perform at the Osheaga Festival in Montreal on 3 August 2012. On 9 September, Welch performed three songs at the wedding of close friend Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds at Boone Hall Plantation in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina.
Style and influences.
Florence Welch has been compared to other female singers such as Kate Bush, Siouxsie Sioux, PJ Harvey, and Björk. During an interview, Welch cited Grace Slick as her influence and "hero". Florence and the Machine's style has been described as "dark, robust and romantic". Their music is a mix of "classic soul and midnight-on-the-moors English art rock". Welch stated that her lyrics related to Renaissance artists: "We're dealing with all of the same things they did—love and death, time and pain, heaven and hell." From 2008, Welch had a relationship with Stuart Hammond, a literary editor; their temporary split provided inspiration for much of the "Lungs" album. In 2011 the couple announced that they had broken up by mutual decision because of conflicting career demands; the break-up provided material for Florence and the Machine's second album.
Response.
Florence and the Machine won the Critic's Choice Award at the 2009 BRIT Awards after coming third in the BBC's Sound of 2009 poll. As well as attention from the BBC, the band received significant support from "NME" magazine, who included them on their annual Shockwaves NME Awards Tour for 2009, along with Glasvegas, Friendly Fires and White Lies.
"The Sunday Times" described Welch as "the most peculiar and most highly acclaimed female singer of the moment" and "the latest in a line of great English pop eccentrics". AllMusic referred to "Lungs" as "one of the most musically mature and emotionally mesmerising albums of 2009". "Spin" magazine rated "Lungs" eight out of ten and wrote, "You've gotta hand it to the girl: She always makes you feel "something"." The magazine named it the eighth best album of 2009. In December 2010, Florence and the Machine appeared on one of "Spin"s three holiday issue covers as Artist of the Year.
Florence and the Machine won the MasterCard British Album award for "Lungs" at the 2010 BRIT Awards, having also been nominated for British Female Solo Artist and British Breakthrough Act. On 19 February 2010, Florence and the Machine won Best International Band at the 2010 Meteor Awards. The group led the nominations for the 2010 MOJO Awards, with four nods. They received a nomination for Best New Artist at the 53rd Grammy Awards. In April 2011, Florence and the Machine were ranked 50 in the 2011 "Time" 100 poll, which annually lists the 100 most influential people in the world. American recording artist Beyoncé Knowles cited Florence and the Machine as an influence for her 2011 album "4".
Awards and nominations.
Brit Awards.
The Brit Awards are the British Phonographic Industry's (BPI) annual pop music awards. Florence and the Machine has received two awards from eight nominations.

</doc>
<doc id="20501289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501289" title="Prairie District Neighborhood Alliance">
Prairie District Neighborhood Alliance

The Prairie District Neighborhood Alliance (PDNA) is a non-profit resident organization in the South Loop community of Chicago, Illinois. The PDNA, founded in 2006, has grown to provide support and representation to thousands of residents living in and around the Prairie Avenue Historic District, Central Station and Museum Park, south Michigan Avenue corridor, and the broader South Loop. An area regarded as the fastest growing neighborhood in Chicago and one of the hottest neighborhoods in the country. Basic Members receive free email updates and newsletters on community events; development news; educational, historical and cultural programs; select surveys and other important community news and information. The PDNA provides additional membership programs offering support and benefits to residents, condominium/townhome associations, businesses, cultural institutions and organizations who reside within the Organization's boundaries and who agrees to and supports the purpose of the Alliance.
Mission and Purpose.
The Prairie District Neighborhood Alliance is a community organization whose mission is to build a sense of community and to promote the common good and social welfare for the South Loop area in Chicago. Also, to preserve the integrity of the neighborhood’s historic character and educate the public about its history. Further, to address issues of the neighborhood and provide it with an effective and transparent communication link with city municipal and government officials, developers, businesses and other influential groups, and to empower the community to work together in improving the neighborhood with the objective of fostering a collective, respectful and unified voice that translates into a powerful and influential force for improving and maintaining the community. 
The purpose of the Prairie District Neighborhood Alliance is to provide an environment to meet neighbors, exchange ideas, prioritize projects, propose solutions, and implement plans for the neighborhood. The Neighborhood Alliance is concerned with issues that affect the quality of life in the community. Issues such as: education and schools, proposed residential and commercial development, zoning regulations, traffic and infrastructure improvements, as well as social activities and events that will strengthen the neighborhood. Additionally, the PDNA is committed to developing, facilitating, seeking community input, organizing, and delivering a variety of comprehensive community surveys, and/or an assortment of community projects and programs such as neighborhood festivals, block parties, seasonal celebrations, crime prevention activities, historical and educational programs and beautification plans for upgrading neighborhood parks.
Accomplishments.
The Prairie District Neighborhood Alliance is concerned with issues that affect the quality of life in the community. Issues such as proposed residential and commercial development, zoning regulations, environmental, traffic and infrastructure improvements, as well as events that will strengthen the neighborhood. The PDNA objective is to sponsor a variety of projects such as neighborhood festivals, block parties, town hall meetings, crime prevention activities and upgrading neighborhood parks.
With such rapid growth in the South Loop, residents who live within the Prairie District Neighborhood Alliance boundaries have become increasingly concerned about the quality of new development and the quality of work performed on properties converted to residential use. Condo boards and residents have begun to band together to make their voices heard. Some have already achieved high-profile status. Additionally, the Prairie District Neighborhood Alliance and area residents work with the Alderman to actively review proposed development projects in an effort to encourage smart growth and to protect the architectural character of the Historic Prairie Avenue District seeking to be respectful of important nearby structures such as the Landmark Glessner House Museum and Clarke House Museum. 
On September 6, 2008, Alderman Robert Fioretti presented The Prairie District Neighborhood Alliance with a City Council resolution declaring September 6 as 'Prairie Avenue Day'. The City Council Resolution was presented to the PDNA at The Festival on Prairie Avenue, Mayor Richard M. Daley was in attendance during this significant moment. The Festival on Prairie Avenue, which took visitors back to the time of the 1893 World’s Columbian Exposition in recognition of the street's restoration to its 1890s appearance, was attended by over 1,200 residents. At the festival, the PDNA honored Mayor Richard J. Daley for his role in creating 'The Prairie Avenue Historic District', the first Historic District in Chicago. Current Chicago Mayor (and neighbor) Richard M. Daley attended the festival and accepted the honor on behalf of his father. 
The Prairie District Neighborhood Alliance and its residents banned together to successfully save the Vietnam Veterans Art Museum building at 1801 S. Indiana Avenue, a cultural pillar of the neighborhood, from being sold privately and converted into a night club. Instead, the building was purchased by the city of Chicago and conveyed to the Chicago Park District to become a new Community Center. The PDNA presented recommendations to the Commission on Chicago Parks and the Alderman to name an important new park which is located near 18th and Calumet Avenue, the site which marks the 1812 Fort Dearborn Massacre. On August 15, 2009 (the anniversary of the battle) the PDNA joined with the Alderman, Chicago Park District officials, Historians, Native Americans, Illinois Armory National Guardsman, Battle Descendants and a large number of community residents to commemorate and officially name the site as the "Battle of Fort Dearborn Park" and unveil an historic marker outlining the site's significance. The PDNA is also focusing on the development of other highly anticipated neighborhood parks. 
on Jan. 27, 2010 the Prairie District Neighborhood Alliance introduced the South Loop Neighborhood Watch with the support of the 1st District police and 2nd Ward Alderman, Robert Fioretti. Additionally, the South Loop Neighborhood Watch Google Group was launched. This important communication tool allows the neighborhood to share BEAT 133 crime alerts, tips, or suspicious activity of value to the community. Beat 133 compromises the Prairie District neighborhood, the Central Station and Museum Park neighborhood and the South Michigan Avenue Corridor. 
By aligning with the Alderman, businesses, cultural institutions and other like-minded organizations, the PDNA and its residents aim to bring much needed infrastructure and retail to the area.
Architecture.
The Architecture within the boundaries of the Prairie District Neighborhood Alliance represents every major building period in the history of Chicago, from the 1836 Greek Revival Clarke House (now a museum) to modern townhouse and condominium developments. Many of Chicago’s most important architects designed buildings here, including surviving examples by Daniel Burnham, Cobb and Frost, Solon Spencer Beman, Howard Van Doren Shaw, and Alfred Alschuler. Henry Hobson Richardson, a Boston architect, designed the Glessner House, a fully furnished house museum considered one of the most significant residential designs of the 19th century. A variety of architectural tours are available throughout the year, showcasing both the neighborhood as a whole, and specific buildings that have been preserved as house museums. More than two dozen buildings and sites, including mansions, industrial buildings, Motor Row District showrooms, and more, can be seen by walking through the area.

</doc>
<doc id="20501292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501292" title="Zane Tamane">
Zane Tamane

Zane Tamane (née Teilāne; born September 24, 1983) is a Latvian women's basketball player currently playing for Fenerbahçe Istanbul and Latvia women's national basketball team.
Tamane, who is 2.00m tall, was the first female basketball player in Latvia to be able to slam dunk in practice. She has played for the Washington Mystics in the WNBA, and was in the 2012 training camp with the Phoenix Mercury, but was waived. She has also represented Western Illinois Leathernecks in the NCAA.

</doc>
<doc id="20501301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501301" title="Ingrid Semmingsen">
Ingrid Semmingsen

Ingrid Elisabeth Semmingsen (29 March 1910, Hamar, Hedmark – 31 May 1995) was a Norwegian historian. Appointed as a professor at the University of Oslo in 1963, she was the first female professor of history in Norway.
Personal life.
Semmingsen was born in Hamar, as the daughter of Lieutenant Colonel and farmer Peter Thorvald Gaustad (1878–1949) and his wife Gudvor, née Todderud (1884–1956). She grew up at a farm in Stange. In 1939 she married Rolf Ingvar Semmingsen, a bureaucrat who served as director of the Norwegian Price Directorate.
Career.
Semmingsen took the cand.philol. degree in 1935 with a paper on the lower class in her native Hedmark from 1850 to 1900. She appeared in radio programs with popular singer Alf Prøysen, who came from a such social background. Her grandfather and great-grandfather had both been involved in the Marcus Thrane movement. Ingrid was a member of the radical group Mot Dag for a short period.
She later concentrated on American history and the Norwegian immigration to the United States. Her first publication was the 1938 article "Utvandringen til Amerika 1866–1873", which was printed in the journal "Historisk Tidsskrift". She published "En verdensmakt blir til. De forente staters historie" in 1946, with a second edition in 1972, as well as the work "Veien mot vest" in two volumes in 1941 and 1950. The second volume earned her the dr.philos. degree in 1951, becoming the first female history doctor in Norway. She was appointed professor in American history at the University of Oslo in 1963, as the first female professor of history in Norway.
Semmingsen's appointment in American history was replaced with an appointment in general history in 1968. She again concentrated on Norwegian nineteenth-century social history in addition to emigration history. She published "Standssamfunnets oppløsning i Norge" in 1954, and "Husmannsminner" (1960) was the result of a project at the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History. In the field of emigration history she published "Amerikabrev" (1958) and "Drøm og dåd. Utvandringen til Amerika" (1975). She retired in 1978, but long after this she has been considered an authority on the Norwegian immigration to the United States, together with Odd Lovoll. Lovoll has cited Semmingsen as his primary inspiration, and called her body of work a "national treasure".
Semmingsen was a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters from 1952, and held honorary degrees at the Uppsala University and the St. Olaf College. She was also a deputy member of the Norwegian Nobel Committee. Her last article was printed in 1988, and she died in 1995 in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="20501305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501305" title="Ephrata High School (Pennsylvania)">
Ephrata High School (Pennsylvania)

Ephrata High School is a rural, public secondary school in the Ephrata Area School District located in Ephrata, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.
Graduation Rate.
In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4-year cohort graduation rate. Ephrata Area School District's rate was 86% for 2010.
Academic achievement.
In 2010, the senior high school is in Making Progress: in School Improvement I status due to lagging student achievement. In 2009, the school was in School Improvement I AYP status due to chronic, low student achievement.
11th Grade Reading
11th Grade Math:
11th Grade Science:
College remediation rate.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 31% of Ephrata Area School District graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Dual enrollment.
The high school has offered a Dual Enrollment program since 2007. The program is open to seniors at Ephrata Senior HIgh School. Up to six credits a semester may be taken. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at their high school. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. Ephrata Area School District has concurrent agreements for Dual Enrollment with: Franklin and Marshall College, Pennsylvania State University - Berks Campus, Millersville University and Harrisburg Area Community College - Lancaster Campus. The state offers a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions.
For the 2009-10 funding year, the school district received a state grant of $6,484 for the program. For the 2010-11 school year, $5,608.00 was received from the PDE. For 2011-12, there are no state grants available, however the program continues. Parents and students are responsible for paying all costs associated with the course.
Graduation requirements.
The Ephrata Area school Board has determined that students must earn 21 credits to graduate including: English 4 credits, Social Studies 3 credits, Mathematics 4 credits, Science 3 credits, Physical Education and health 1.5 credits, Computer 0.5 credits, Consumer skills 0.5 credits, and Electives 3.5 credits.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district. At Ephrata Area School District the graduation project must be completed, in order to attend prom, participate in senior activity day and the graduation ceremony.
By Pennsylvania School Board regulations, for the graduating class of 2016, students must demonstrate successful completion of secondary level course work in Algebra I, Biology, English Composition, and Literature for which the Keystone Exams serve as the final course exams. Students’ Keystone Exam scores shall count for at least one-third of the final course grade.
Washington Education Center.
Washington Educational Center is on Marshall Street in Ephrata Borough. It opened in October 1999, in the vacant former Washington Elementary School, as an alternative for students that could not complete the requirements of a traditional brick-and-mortar education. In 2011, the school board changed the classification of the school to a second high school in the school district. The new status means that, upon successful completion or requirements, students will receive an Ephrata High School diploma.
In January 2011, the Pennsylvania Department of Education identified the Washington Education Center as being in the bottom 5% of the state's public schools, for student academic achievement. According to the report, just 7.69% of the pupils were on grade level in both math and reading. For a time, this alternative school permitted students from other school districts to attend, but it terminated that policy in 2010. Washington Education Center graduated 70 students in 2009. It serves as an alternative education, senior high school. The school was required, by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, to revise its programming to comply with the state-mandated 990 hours of attendance for students at public schools in 2010. In 2010, twenty four of the school's teachers had emergency teacher certification.
Extracurriculars.
The district offers a wide variety of clubs, activities and sports. Eligibility for participation is determined by the school board.ref></ref>
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.

</doc>
<doc id="20501306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501306" title="Lutz Heilmann">
Lutz Heilmann

Lutz Heilmann (born September 7, 1966 in Zittau, GDR) is a German politician of the left-wing party Die Linke. He was elected to the Bundestag in the 2005 federal election as a member of the party list in Schleswig-Holstein. Shortly thereafter it was revealed that he had worked for the Stasi (the East German secret police). Heilmann drew national and international media attention when he caused the website codice_1 (not the German Wikipedia, but a search portal for it run by Wikimedia Deutschland) to be blocked by a preliminary injunction on November 13, 2008. His Bundestag term ended in 2009, and he failed to be nominated for a second term.
Revelation of Stasi work.
Following his election in 2005, strong controversy erupted when it was revealed by the magazine "Der Spiegel" that he had worked for the Stasi (the East German secret police) from 1985 to 1990. Heilmann is the only official full-time Stasi employee to be elected MP to the Bundestag; although several other Die Linke politicians have been "unofficial" Stasi informants.
Heilmann narrowly survived an impeachment by the party electorate following his untruthfulness about his Stasi career prior to becoming MP.
Heilmann worked in the so-called "Hauptverwaltung Aufklärung Personenschutz" department of Stasi, a large and important department within the Stasi that was directly subordinated under Erich Mielke. The department was responsible for "personal security", but also took part in regular oppression activities and employed informants. His employment record at Stasi states that Heilmann joined the Stasi because of political motivation and that he identified with his work and saw his future as a Stasi employee. He left Stasi after it was dissolved following the fall of the communist regime.
The nomination of Lutz Heilmann as an MP by the Left Party has been strongly criticized by Hubertus Knabe, the director of the Berlin-Hohenschönhausen Memorial. Knabe stated that Heilmann "has no business being in parliament", and said it is "unacceptable for the victims of the GDR communist regime to imagine that a man with such a past should serve in a parliament".
Work history.
He attended law school from 1992 to 2004, obtaining an undergraduate law degree ("Diplom-Jurist") in 2004. During this time, he worked as a cashier at a filling station and as a carpet salesman. After a period of being unemployed (2004–2005) he obtained a position as articled clerk ("Rechtsreferendar") at the Landgericht (an intermediate court) in Lübeck which he quit after being elected to the Bundestag. In November 2009, he returned to his job as a clerk.
Political activities.
Heilmann took part in the "Jugendweihe" in 1981. He became a member of the communist party of the German Democratic Republic, the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED) in 1986, and has remained a member of its successor parties (SED-PDS, PDS, Die Linkspartei.PDS and now Die Linke), although he left the party in 1992 and rejoined in 2000.
Heilmann, who was previously married, has organized participation of the party's "queer" group at Christopher Street Days.
In the Bundestag, his main activity has focused on transportation policy favoring the environment. He argued for an increase in the LKW-MAUT and against a proposed waiver of the motor vehicle tax for new cars.
He has been involved in a fight within "Die Linke", trying to get Lübeck party boss Ragnar Lüttke expelled from the party. Four-year old photographs showing Lüttke at a party celebrating Joseph Stalin's birthday were obtained by a Flensburg newspaper in October 2008.
In 2009 he failed to be nominated again as a Bundestag candidate.
Lawsuit against "Wikimedia Deutschland".
On November 13, 2008, Heilmann pressed charges against "Wikimedia Deutschland e.V." at the Landgericht Lübeck, obtaining a preliminary injunction which barred the internet address codice_1 (which is controlled by "Wikimedia Deutschland") from linking to codice_3 (controlled by the U.S.-based "Wikimedia Foundation") as long as certain information about him is included in the German Wikipedia in the article Lutz Heilmann. Heilmann also filed legal complaints against one Wikipedia editor and two other online writers.
According to "Focus Online", Heilmann objected to claims that he had not completed his university degree, and that he had participated in a business venture involving pornography. He did however admit that he had served as "youth protection officer" for an internet sex shop run by a room mate. The report also suggests that the Wikipedia article had been repeatedly altered in line with his claims by an anonymous user operating within the Bundestag building, but Heilmann denied having been involved in an edit war.
In October 2008, some German newspapers reported that Heilmann was under investigation for having threatened a former room mate and that the committee on immunity of the "Bundestag" had lifted his immunity in the matter. Heilmann denied this and had a counter statement published. (According to "taz" charges were filed due to attempted coercion ("versuchte Nötigung"). Heilmann's counter statement fits to this explanation as he states that the committee on immunity of the "Bundestag" has dealt on October 17 with the matter in question related to short messages he sent to his former room mate.) This matter was reported in Heilmann's Wikipedia article. This claim, as well as claims that he had withheld parts of his Stasi records, were also cited by Heilmann as reasons for his action against "Wikimedia Deutschland".
After some statements were removed from his German Wikipedia article and after major media coverage, Heilmann announced on November 16 that he would drop the legal proceedings against "Wikimedia Deutschland", regretting that many uninvolved users of the encyclopedia had been affected. He vowed to continue his pursuit of the Wikipedia editor who had originally added the allegedly offensive material.
Heilmann later made a public statement on his actions against Wikipedia. "I didn't think it through and didn't anticipate the consequences," he admitted. Wikimedia Germany reported that on the Saturday of the blocking it had received record donations of €16,000, compared to €3,000 on an average day.

</doc>
<doc id="20501307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501307" title="Sashastra Seema Bal">
Sashastra Seema Bal

Sashastra Seema Bal or SSB (Meaning: "Armed Border Force") (Devanāgarī: सशस्त्र सीमा बल, ) is one of India's Central Armed Police Forces. It is often referred to as a paramilitary force (although it is not one of the three officially defined paramilitary forces of India). It is currently under the administrative control of the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA), Government of India. It was formerly known as the Special Service Bureau.
History.
SSB (Special Service Bureau ) was set up in early 1963 in the wake of the Sino-Indian War. The primary task of the force was to provide armed support for RAW. and secondary task was to inculcate feelings of national belonging in the border population and develop their capabilities for resistance through a continuous process of motivation, training, development, welfare programs and activities in the then NEFA, North Assam (northern areas of Assam state), North Bengal (northern areas of West Bengal state), hills of Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, and Ladakh. The scheme was later extended to Manipur, Tripura, Jammu (1965), Meghalaya (1975), Sikkim (1976), border areas of Rajasthan and Gujarat (1989), Manipur, Mizoram and some more areas of Rajasthan and Gujarat (1988), South Bengal (southern areas of West Bengal state), Nagaland (1989) and Nubra Valley, Rajouri and Poonch district of Jammu and Kashmir (1991). It was specifically created as the brainchild of Indian think tank to counter the Chinese. It was believed that militarily, the Chinese were superior to India and in the event of a war, the Chinese would overwhelm Indian forces. So in 1963 a unique force was created, which would in the event of Chinese occupation merge with the border population, donning civilian attire,working a parallel administration and carry out the war of India with the help of guerrilla tactics. The SSB came out to be successful which was evident by the success it achieved by training Mukti Bahini in Bangladesh and other places, COIN Op's in the north-east, and providing security at high peaks during Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 and Kargil War.
From the Cabinet, SSB was transferred to Ministry of Home Affairs and assigned the duties of manning the Nepal and Bhutan borders. SSB was renamed as "Sashastra Seema Bal" in accordance with its new role and come under the administrative control of the Ministry of Home Affairs in the year 2001. This was done after Kargil War when " one border one force concept" was adopted.
In the forty years of its existence, SSB endeavoured to present a benign face of the government among border populace in the far flung and inaccessible areas subscribing to the ETHOS of Service, Security and Brotherhood. The local populace always found SSB standing steadfastly with them during difficult times.
Pursuant to the recommendations of a group of ministers on reforming the national security system, SSB was declared as a Border Guarding Force and Lead Intelligence Agency (LIA) for Indo-Nepal border (January, 2001) and assigned the task of guarding the 1751 km long Indo-Nepal border along the states of Uttarakhand, (263.7 km with 3 districts), Uttar Pradesh (599.3 km - with 7 districts), Bihar (800.4 km - with 7 districts), West Bengal (105.6 km - with 1 district) and Sikkim (99 km). In March 2004, SSB was assigned the task of guarding the 699 km stretch of Indo-Bhutan border along the states of Sikkim- (32 km), West Bengal ( 183 km - with 2 districts), Assam (267 km - with 4 districts) and, Arunachal Pradesh (217 km - with 2 districts). Since then SSB was re-christened into Sashastra Seema Bal and reached new heights. SSB is the first border guarding force which has decided to recruit women battalions. It is doing excellent job as Border Guarding Force on INDO-NEPAL and INDO-BHUTAN Border.
SSB is also engaged in Counter Insurgency operations in Jammu and Kashmir and Anti naxal operations in Jharkhand and Bihar. It is also performing internal security duties i.e. Election duties and law and order duties in different parts of India.
SSB is celebrating the year 2013 as Golden Jubilee year marking fifty years of its raising. The celebrations have commenced with the Flag-off of a Mount Everest Expedition on 2nd  April, 2013 from Delhi. The team led by Shri Somit Joshi, Commandant, successfully reached at the peak at about 9.45 am on 21 May 2013 to commemorate the 50th anniversary.
Role.
The role of SSB consists of the following:-
(a) To promote sense of security among the people living in the border areas.
(b) To prevent trans-border crimes, and unauthorised entries entry or exit from the territory of India.
(c) To prevent smuggling and other illegal activities.
To achieve the above objectives, Ministry Of Home Affairs (MHA) Govt of India has conferred various powers to SSB personnel under Criminal Procedure Code 1973, Arms Act 1959, NDPS Act 1985 and Passport Act 1967. The GOI is also contemplating to confer powers under Customs Act 1962. These powers are to be exercised within a belt of 15 kilometers in the states of Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, West Bengal, Sikkim, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh running along the Indo-Nepal and Indo-Bhutan border and in any area of SSB operation.
Organization.
The highest-level headquarter of the force is the Force Headquarters (FHQ), also called the Directorate General of SSB, located in New Delhi. Force Headquarter (FHQ) is commanded by an officer of the rank of Director General. Director General is assisted by Additional Director General. Various Directorates like Operations and Intelligence, Personnel and Training, Administration, Provisioning and Communication, Medical, etc. function under the DG. Each Directorate is headed by an IG and assisted by DIG and other officers.
Frontier headquarters (FTR HQ) is commanded by an officer of the rank of Inspector General (IG) comes next in chain of command after FHQ. FTR HQR in turn exercises command and control over the sector HQs. There are Five FTR HQRs situated at Ranikhet, Lucknow, Patna, Siliguri and Guwahati.
The Sector HQs are commanded by Officers of the rank of Deputy Inspector General (DIG). There are Fifteen Sector Headquarters located at Almora, Pilibhit, Lakhimpur Kheri, Gorakhpur, Bettiah, Muzzafarpur, Ranidanga, New Jaipaiguri, Gangtok, Bongaigaon, Rangia, Tezpur, Jammu and Kashmir and Alwar. The Sector HQ exercises direct command and control over the SSB Battalions deployed in its area of responsibility along Indo-Nepal and Indo-Bhutan borders.
SSB Battalion having strength of 1172 personnel is commanded by officer of the rank of Commandant who is assisted by officers of the rank of Second-in-Command,Deputy Commandant and Assistant Commandant. Battalion is further divided into Companies and Border Out post (BOP). There are seven Companies in a Battalion and Each Company consists three Border outposts. Company is commanded by Assistant Commandants and BOP is commanded by Sub Inspectors.MHA has sanctioned 73 Battalions for SSB for Border duties and Internal Security duties.
Ranks.
There are two wings in SSB namely Combatised wing (Uniform Personnel) and Area wing (Non-Uniform OR Civil Personnel) which perform duties assigned by the FHQ. Both wings have their own cadre.Combatised wing perform duties in Battalions on INDO-NEPAL AND INDO-BHUTAN BORDER whereas Area wing perform duties in Area primarily for intelligence collection.
Training Centres.
The training to force personnel of the SSB is given on training centres and additional training centres. Training to force personnel is imparted in following training centres on Counter Subversion, Border Management, Perception Management, and Survival & Other Professional Courses Designed to enhance performance.
Apart from above there are Additional Training Centres at different places in which newly recruited constables are being trained.

</doc>
<doc id="20501310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501310" title="South Worcester Branch Library">
South Worcester Branch Library

The South Worcester Branch Library is a historic former library building at 705 Southbridge Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. The single story Classical Revival building was built in 1913 by Henry D. Whitfield with funds donated by philanthropist Andrew Carnegie. The main facade consists of four windows, two on each side of a slightly projecting central entry pavilion. The building is set on a high basement, and granite stairs rise to the a doorway that is flanked by sidelights, then Doric pilasters, full height windows, and square cut columns with a center recessed section. The entry is topped by a decorative limestone panels. The walls are principally yellow brick, with limestone trim.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It served as a branch of the Worcester Public Library until it was closed in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20501314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501314" title="Richard Snyder">
Richard Snyder

Richard Snyder may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20501321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501321" title="RAF Tarrant Rushton">
RAF Tarrant Rushton

RAF Tarrant Rushton was a Royal Air Force station near the village of Tarrant Rushton east of Blandford Forum in Dorset, England from 1943 to 1947.
It was used for glider operations during World War II and later revived for civilian operations. It is currently disused, though some buildings survive.
History.
Building of the airfield commenced in May 1942, the airfield being intended for the use of airborne forces of 38 Wing. On 17 May 1943 the base was handed over while still unfinished. Glider operations finally started in October 1943 and continued until 1945.
Horsa gliders from Tarrant Rushton left for France on the eve of D-Day, to begin Operation Tonga with an action that would later become known as Pegasus Bridge. Among the glider pilots was Jim Wallwork, on a Horsa nicknamed Lady Irene. The Tarrant Rushton gliders landed in occupied France shortly after midnight. Wallwork's aircraft was the first to touch down, but it landed heavily: the force of the impact catapulted both Wallwork and his co-pilot John Ainsworth through the front of the cockpit. Although stunned, this made them the first Allied troops to touch French soil on D-Day.
As part of Operation Tonga, a few Tetrarch tanks of 6th Airborne's Reconnaissance Regiment were also flown from Tarrant Rushton in Hamilcar gliders, towed by Halifax bombers, to land on the French coast near the mouth of the Orne river.
Other gliders were later flown from the airfield to Arnhem to take part in Operation Market Garden.
During the closing stages of WWII, aircraft were used for SOE operations.
In September 1946 the airfield was placed on Care and Maintenance status until abandoned in December 1947. However, 6 months later, in June 1948, Flight Refuelling Ltd arrived to begin 30 years of occupancy. Almost immediately Flight Refuelling became involved in the Berlin Airlift and, between July 1948 and August 1949, carried out nearly 4500 sorties using Lancastrians and Lancasters.
In the following 30 years most activity was centred around conversion of aircraft for in-flight refuelling and drone aircraft development, with FR Aviation refining their "Universal Drone Pack" on aircraft flown from the air field. The system allowed the test pilot to fly the aircraft from take-off to touch-down using only the push-buttons on a console identical to that of the ground operator of the drone, turning the button pushes into control surface and throttle movements.
During this time, Tarrant Rushton was the home of 8 Sea Vixens, among them XP924, (now G-CVIX), the only Sea Vixen to remain in flying condition. 
In the 70s Flight Refuelling left the airfield and flying operations moved to Hurn. After that, it was only used by gliders and occasionally by light aircraft until it was officially closed on 30 September 1980.
A memorial to the men who served at the airfield is located by the roadside next to one of the surviving hangars.

</doc>
<doc id="20501347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501347" title="Union Congregational Church (Worcester, Massachusetts)">
Union Congregational Church (Worcester, Massachusetts)

The Union Congregational Church or Chestnut Street Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church building at 5 Chestnut Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. The church is a well-preserved local example of Victorian Gothic Revival styling. Its basic appearance is reminiscent of the Notre Dame de Paris, although on a more modest scale. The building was designed by Earle & Fisher and construction took place between 1895 and 1897. Its main facade features twin towers flanking an entrance consisting of three trefoil arches, above which is a large rose window and an arched arcade connecting the two towers. The upper levels of the towers are open areas surrounded by paired narrow pointed-arch openings, and are decorated by crenellations and gargoyles. The main body of the church is covered in a slate roof (original replaced in 1948), and the stained glass of some of its windows was brought over from the buildings of other church congregations which merged into the Union congregation.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20501360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501360" title="Big Satan">
Big Satan

Big Satan is a musical project headed by saxophonist Tim Berne.
Tom Rainey (drummer) and Marc Ducret (guitarist), both regular collaborators with Berne, comprise the remainder of the band's line up.
History.
The group released its first album, "I Think They Liked It, Honey", in 1997, described by "Allmusic" as "a truly mesmerizing set that rings with ominous overtones and intricately constructed fabrics of sound".
It would be 2004 before the group's second album, "Souls Saved Hear", described as "dazzling" by "Allmusic", and was also praised by the BBC. "PopMatters" described it as "an adventurous listen for the most discriminating, open-minded listener".
An interview with Berne and a live set from The Vortex Jazz Club in London was broadcast by BBC Radio 3.
Their style of music is out-jazz or avant garde. Adopting many of previous out-jazz originators (like Ornette Coleman, John Coltrane, etc.), Big Satan's sound is aggressive but with a sense of humor.

</doc>
<doc id="20501361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501361" title="Mahaut River">
Mahaut River

Mahaut River may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20501368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501368" title="Boris Aleksandrovich Uspensky">
Boris Aleksandrovich Uspensky

Boris Aleksandrovich Uspensky (Russian: Борис Александрович Успенский), (12 July 1927 - 2005), was a prominent Russian poster and graphics painter.
Biography.
Boris Uspensky was born in Moscow. He studied in the Surikov Moscow Art Institute 1947-1953. In 1953 he became a member of the Union of Artists of the USSR. From 1985 he was Professor and Head of the Graphical Dep., Surikov Institute. In 1986 he became People's Artist of the USSR. From 1992 he was a full member of Russian Academy of Arts.
Works.
After graduation in 1953, he started a working partnership with fellow student Oleg Savostyuk. Their friendship and collaboration lasted for many years and proved to be a brilliant success, when they made a complete breakthrough in the poster genre by creating a new style inspired by the Russian folk art Lubok – brightly coloured stories, sometimes in a primitive style. "... The innovative feat of these two artists was that they returned the poster to life as a Work of Art after its death in the 1930s" (M. Lazarev). The artists worked mainly with the publishing houses Izogiz, Plakat, Sovietskaya Rossiya, and Sovietskii Khudozhnik, and in the famous creative workshop Agitplakat.
From the mid-1960s Uspensky and Savostyuk often traveled to Karelia, where they created several series of works: "The Loggers of Karelia", "Border Guards", and "Karelia".
In the 1960s Uspensky started working with the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow, where he was acquainted with the ballet choreographer Yuri Grigorovich and the dancer Vladimir Vasiliev. For the Ballet, Uspensky painted posters and drew illustrations for programmes and libretti, his first poster being "Swan Lake" for the ballet’s tour of France in 1958. Over the next decades he worked on many ballets, including "Petrushka", "Spartacus", "Angara", "Ivan the Terrible", "Leniniana" (after Mayakovsky), "Paganini", "Chopeniana (les Sylphides)", and "Romeo and Juliet".
This opportunity to see the life of the theatre from the inside, drawing sketches and recording impressions, was decisive in creating a lifelong passion for the artist – the ballet. With great enthusiasm he drew and painted ballerinas, danseurs and choreographers in a variety of situations - during and after rehearsals, at the barre, or resting, tired. Uspensky would always return to this theme, working in different media – oil, tempera, gouache, pencil, and silk screen prints.
The artist also loved the town of Tarusa, his father’s birthplace, located on the banks of the river Oka. For
hours he would admire the scenery, the vast expanses, the river in fog and rain, and the ancient trees.
Uspensky's first wife was prominent Moscow children's book illustrator Marina Uspenskaya

</doc>
<doc id="20501369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501369" title="Nicolás Diez">
Nicolás Diez

Nicolás Ignacio Diez Parajón (born February 9, 1977 in Buenos Aires) - nicknamed "Nico" - is an Argentinian footballer. He currently is a Ñublense in Chile, and he plays as a Winger or Midfielder.
Club career.
On July 2009, Diez signed for Deportivo Táchira of Primera División Venezolana for plays the Torneo Apertura 2009, in the same tournament Diez was proclaimed champions of the Apertura. On July 2010, he abandoned the club and he had the possibility of play in Deportes La Serena, but the transfer was frustred and he currently is a Free agent.
International career.
Diez appeared for the Argentina U-20 in Malaysia, with players such as Esteban Cambiasso, Juan Román Riquelme and Pablo Aimar. He also having a good friendly relationship with Juan Pablo Sorin.

</doc>
<doc id="20501384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501384" title="High Sheriff of Belfast">
High Sheriff of Belfast

The High Sheriff of Belfast is a title and position which was created in 1900 under the Local Government (Ireland) Act 1898, with Sir James Henderson the first holder. Like other high sheriff positions, it is largely a ceremonial post today. The current high sheriff is Brian Kingston, who took office in January 2013.
The High Sheriff is theoretically the judicial representative of the sovereign (the Queen) in the city, while the Lord Lieutenant of Belfast is the Sovereign's personal representative. Today, the office is now largely symbolic with few formal duties other than deputising for the Lord Mayor of Belfast at official events.
Appointments are made on annual basis by the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, who asks the outgoing High Sheriff and Belfast City Council to suggest the names of three people who are deemed suitable to hold the position. In recent years the Council has suggested only one candidate, who is normally a member of the Council. The High Sheriff's term of office runs from January to December, which is distinct from the term of office for the Lord Mayor and Deputy Lord Mayor who take up office in May or June each year.
Prior to 1900 sheriffs were elected by the city council.

</doc>
<doc id="20501390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501390" title="Order of Vanuatu">
Order of Vanuatu

The Order of Vanuatu has four grades.
Every grade in this order has another ribbon, each in the colours red-green-yellow and black.
The New Hebrides, a French-British condominium became independent in 1980. In 1988 the government of Vanuatu founded a single Order of Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="20501405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501405" title="Coniophoraceae">
Coniophoraceae

The Coniophoraceae are a family of fungi in the Boletales order. The family contains 6 genera and 28 species.

</doc>
<doc id="20501419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501419" title="Friedrich Wilhelm, Count Brandenburg">
Friedrich Wilhelm, Count Brandenburg

Friedrich Wilhelm, Count Brandenburg (January 24, 1792 – November 6, 1850) was a German soldier and politician. He was the son of King Frederick William II of Prussia and Countess Sophie von Dönhoff. He and his sister were made count and countess in 1794, and he was raised with the sons of Field Marshal von Massow. In 1807, he entered the regiment "Gardes du Corps". By 1848, he had distinguished himself in several battles and was a cavalry general. In November 1848, the king called him to Berlin to be Prussian prime minister, signaling the king's intention to quell the ongoing uprising. In 1850, he traveled to Warsaw to meet with Czar Nicholas. Shortly after his return, he took ill and died, it is said from the humiliation of the Czar's abandonment of the Erfurt policy.

</doc>
<doc id="20501423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501423" title="Miguel Ângelo Ferreira de Castro">
Miguel Ângelo Ferreira de Castro

Miguel Ângelo Ferreira de Castro (born 10 October 1984 in Lisbon), known as Miguel Ângelo, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for G.D. Chaves as a central defender.

</doc>
<doc id="20501436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501436" title="Suicide of Megan Meier">
Suicide of Megan Meier

Megan Taylor Meier (November 6, 1992 – October 17, 2006) was an American teenager from Dardenne Prairie, Missouri, who died of suicide by hanging three weeks before her fourteenth birthday. A year later, Meier's parents prompted an investigation into the matter and her suicide was attributed to cyber-bullying through the social networking website Myspace. Lori Drew, the mother of a friend of Meier, was indicted on the matter in 2008, but in 2009, she was acquitted.
Background.
Megan Taylor Meier was born on November 6, 1992 to Christina "Tina" Meier and Ronald Meier in O'Fallon, Missouri. During Megan's childhood she lived in the nearby Dardenne Prairie. She had a younger sister named Allison.
From the third grade, Megan had been under the care of a psychiatrist. She had been prescribed citalopram, methylphenidate and ziprasidone. She had been diagnosed with attention deficit disorder and depression, and had self-esteem issues regarding her weight. She was described by her parents as a "bubbly, goofy" girl who enjoyed spending time with her friends and family.
Meier attended Fort Zumwalt public schools, including Pheasant Point Elementary School and Fort Zumwalt West Middle School in nearby O'Fallon, Missouri. For eighth grade, her parents enrolled her at Immaculate Conception Catholic School in Dardenne Prairie. They thought that its policy requiring uniforms and prohibiting makeup and jewelry might help Megan fit in.
Soon after opening an account on Myspace, Meier received a message supposedly from a 16-year-old boy, Josh Evans. Meier and "Josh" became online friends, but never met in person or spoke. Meier thought "Josh" was attractive. As Meier began to exchange messages with this person, her family said she seemed to have had her "spirits lifted". This person claimed to have moved to the nearby city of O'Fallon, was homeschooled and did not yet have a phone number.
A 16-year-old male named "Josh Evans" was registered on the account used for bullying messages to Meier. But Lori Drew, the mother of Sarah, a former friend of Meier, later admitted creating the Myspace account. At the time of the suicide, the Drew and Meier families were neighbors, living four doors apart.
Lori Drew was aided by Sarah and by Ashley Grills, an 18-year-old employee of Lori. Lori and several others ran the hoaxed account. Witnesses testified that the women intended to use Meier’s messages sent to "Josh" to get information about her and later humiliate her, in retribution for her allegedly spreading gossip about Drew's daughter.
Death.
On Monday, October 16, 2006, the tone of the messages changed. "Josh" stated in a message sent to Megan: "I don't know if I want to be friends with you anymore because I've heard that you are not very nice to your friends". More messages of this type were sent; some of Megan's messages were shared with others; and bulletins were posted about her. According to Ronald Meier and a neighbor who had discussed the hoax with Drew, the last message sent by "Josh" read: "Everybody in O'Fallon knows who you are. You are a bad person and everybody hates you. Have a shitty rest of your life. The world would be a better place without you."
Meier responded saying, "You’re the kind of boy a girl would kill herself over." The last few exchanges were made via AOL Instant Messenger instead of Myspace. Meier was found 20 minutes later in her bedroom closet; she had hanged herself with a belt. Despite attempts to revive her, Megan Taylor Meier was pronounced dead the next day on October 17.
Investigation.
Local.
Several weeks after her death, Megan Meier's parents were told that the mother of one of their daughter's friends—with whom Meier had a falling out—had created the "Josh Evans" account. The parent, Lori Drew, who created the fake account, admitted that she and her daughter had the password to the account, and characterized the hoax to a reporter as a "joke." Initially, Drew denied knowing about the offensive messages that were sent to Meier. She told the police that the account was aimed at "gaining Megan's confidence and finding out what Megan felt about her daughter and other people". The neighborhood mother who had told the Meiers that Drew had the hoax account said "Lori laughed about it," and said she had intended to "mess with Megan." While Drew's name was excluded from most early news stories, CNN disclosed her name through the inclusion of the police report in its broadcast of the story; it was featured on many blogs.
It was more than a year between Meier's suicide and the first media report of the Internet hoax. The FBI was investigating the matter and had asked the Meier family to refrain from speaking publicly about it to keep the Drews from learning about their investigation. Shortly after the first anniversary of Meier's death, her aunt, Vicki Dunn, saw an article written by Steve Pokin of the "Suburban Journals" about internet harassment. She contacted Pokin to share Meier's story with him. Once the story broke, it quickly spread to national and international news outlets.
At a press conference on Monday, December 3, 2007, Jack Banas, the prosecuting attorney of St. Charles County, said that Lori Drew's 18-year-old temporary employee, Ashley Grills, wrote most of the messages addressed to Meier and that she wrote the final "Josh Evans" message addressed to Meier. Grills said she wrote the final message to end the MySpace hoax and get Meier to stop communicating with "Josh Evans." Banas stated that he did not interview Grills because, at the time, she was under psychiatric treatment for her participation in the Meier case. He did not plan to interview her at a later date.
The Meiers criticized the prosecutor's statements, saying that Banas did not interview any party other than the Drews and that Banas was solely relying on the testimony of the Drews. Banas said that the original FBI investigation into the matter, during which Grills was interviewed, established her role in the event. The Meiers have said they do not hold Grills responsible for Megan's death. Banas said Sarah Drew, now 15, was attending a different school and not living in Dardenne Prairie. He said Lori Drew was fearful of telling him where her daughter lives. According to Lori Drew's attorney, she had to close her advertising business in the wake of publicity about her role in the Internet account and messages. The Drews would probably be unable to continue to live in the neighborhood. Neighbors shunned the Drews following the revelations.
Internet webloggers posted photographs, telephone numbers, e-mail details, and addresses of the Drews and the employee on various websites. Businesses that advertised in Drew's coupon book business were also shunned. Sarah Wells, a weblogger who revealed the given and family names of Lori Drew, said, "I don't regret naming Drew." Stephen Hutcheon, a writer for the Australian newspaper "The Age", compared the Dardenne Prairie street where the Drews lived to Wisteria Lane in "Desperate Housewives." He noted that neighbors were feuding and there was an increased police presence. After reviewing the case, county prosecutors decided not to file any criminal charges in relation to the hoax.
Federal.
Drew was indicted and convicted of violations of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act in 2008 over the matter. Her conviction was reversed on appeal in 2009.
Reactions.
When Megan Meier's story was first reported in the "St. Charles Journal", readers were concerned about the unnamed adults implicated in the hoax. Later, the focus was on the decision by the St. Louis "Suburban Journals" decision not to print the names of the Drews. In an interview, the reporter said that names had been withheld to protect the minor child in the family. Webloggers learned and reported the names of Lori and Gary Drew, after they found the latter in minutes. The media eventually revealed Lori Drew's name and published her photograph.
Banas said he was aware of the national outrage against the Drews, which originated on the Internet in response to the Steve Pokin article in the "O'Fallon Journal". The Drews have had their home and work addresses, phone and cell phone numbers, and aerial photos of their home posted on the Internet. The Drews' property had also been vandalized. Banas said some of these actions against the Drews could constitute Internet stalking.
"Because we can’t prosecute somebody it certainly does not justify violating the law," Banas said. "We live in this country by the rule of the law." He described Lori Drew as "upset, cautious and guarded" when he interviewed her. Banas said that Mrs. Drew felt "terrible" about Meier's death. A vigil was held for Megan Meier on November 24, 2007. The crowd gathered in a nearby parking lot and walked past the homes of the Meiers and the Drews. A small piece of ground adjacent to the Drews' house was the scene of remembrances by friends of the Meiers.
The case has caused several jurisdictions to enact or to consider legislation prohibiting harassment over the Internet. The Board of Aldermen for the City of Dardenne Prairie, passed an ordinance on November 22, 2007, in response to the incident. The ordinance prohibits any harassment that utilizes an electronic medium, including the Internet, text messaging services, pagers, and similar devices. Violations of the ordinance are treated as misdemeanors, with fines of up to $500 and up to 90 days imprisonment. The city of Florissant, Missouri also passed a "Cyber Harassment" law, with other municipalities, counties, and states considering following suit. The state of Missouri is to revise its harassment laws in response to the case, updating them to cover harassment through computers and mobile phone messaging, and creating a new crime to cover adults 21 and over harassing children under the age of 18.
The new legislation went into effect on August 28, 2008 and was intended to cover loopholes in the current law. According to the "St. Louis Daily Record", the "new language expands the definition of the crime of 'harassment' to include knowingly intimidating or causing emotional distress anonymously, either by phone or electronically, or causing distress to a child." It also "increases the penalty for harassment from a misdemeanor to a felony, carrying up to four years in prison, if it’s committed by an adult against someone 17 or younger, or if the criminal has previously been convicted of harassment." This is one of the first comprehensive cyberbullying and cyberstalking state laws that protects children and adults from harassment on social networking sites. The bill is a reaction to Lori Drew's case dismissal and Governor Matt Blunt, the politician who signed the law into effect states, "needs tough laws to protect its children." A bill was introduced in the 111th Congress on April 2, 2009 as H.R. 1966. Both houses of the Missouri State Legislature voted unanimously on May 15, 2008 to criminalize usage of the internet to harass someone, the existing statute was expanded to prohibit abusive ""communication by any means..."" and is known as "Megan's Law." (not to be confused with New Jersey's Megan's Law). On May 22, 2008, Congresswoman Linda T. Sanchez introduced H.R. 6123 as the "Megan Meier Cyberbullying Prevention Act" to "amend title 18, United States Code, with respect to cyberbullying."
Tina Meier started the Megan Meier Foundation, headquartered in Chesterfield, Missouri. The organization states that it exists to promote "awareness, education and promote positive change to children, parents and educators in response to the ongoing bullying and cyberbullying in our children’s daily environment."

</doc>
<doc id="20501438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501438" title="Shahid Beheshti Teacher Training College">
Shahid Beheshti Teacher Training College

Shahid Beheshti Teachers Training College is a college in Mashhad dedicated to training teachers for Iran education system. It has been named after Ayatollah Mohammad Beheshti, an Iranian clergyman who was very influential in Iran Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="20501450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501450" title="Marian Harris">
Marian Harris

Marian Harris is a Democratic politician who served in the Ohio House of Representatives. A former educator and aide to United States Senator Howard Metzenbaum, Harris ran against Representative Larry L. Flowers in 2006 for a seat in the Ohio House of Representatives. Although unsuccessful in her first attempt, Harris performed better than what was expected, coming very close to ousting Flowers. As a result, she tried again for the seat two years later, in 2008. 
With Flowers out of the seat due to term limits, Harris was seen as a potential victor in obtaining a seat that had been held long by Republicans, including former Republican Speaker of the House Jo Ann Davidson. Harris faced newcomer Brad Lewis, in the general election, in what became a very contested race. The race wasn't decided until a month after election day. After all provisional ballots had been tallied, Harris was announced the winner over Lewis by 735 votes. She went on to take her seat on January 5, 2009. 
In the House, Harris was often one of the more liberal members of the delegation, supporting labor, anti-bias, domestic violence, children's issues and other Democratic initiatives. As a result, Harris quickly became a top tier target for Republicans for the 2010 cycle. For their candidate, Republicans ran Anne Gonzales a popular mayor of Westerville, Ohio with conservative credentials. Again, Harris was in one of the more contested and closest watched races of the year. 
Within an overwhelmingly Republican year, Harris was defeated by Gonzales, and the Democrats lost their majority in the Ohio House. As a result, Harris was a one-term Representative. 
Following her defeat, Harris remained in Columbus, where she is working to elect other Democratic candidates and serving as co-president of the National Council of Jewish Women Columbus while looking for employment.

</doc>
<doc id="20501470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501470" title="Swimming at the 1954 Asian Games">
Swimming at the 1954 Asian Games

Swimming was contested at the 1954 Asian Games in Manila, Philippine from May 5 to May 8, 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="20501479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501479" title="Paulo Roberto Sobrinho">
Paulo Roberto Sobrinho

Paulo Roberto Teles Goes Sobrinho, commonly known as Paulinho (born 24 August 1983 in Bahia), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Ermis Aradippou in the Cypriot First Division, as a right defender or midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="20501501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501501" title="Teatown Lake Reservation">
Teatown Lake Reservation

Teatown Lake Reservation is a nonprofit nature preserve and environmental education center in Westchester County, New York, in the United States. The reservation includes an nature preserve and education center located in the Westchester towns of Yorktown, Cortlandt, and New Castle. About 25,000 people come each year to hike the preserve's of trails, attend an education program, visit the Nature Center, or tour "Wildflower Island". Teatown's educators offer adult, family and children's programs to 10,000 participants annually, including nearly 6,000 schoolchildren and 700 summer camp students.
Known by locals simply as "Teatown", the organization works to conserve biodiversity, teach ecology and promote nature-friendly living. Located in the heart of the Lower Hudson Valley's Hudson Highlands bioregion, Teatown Lake Reservation's mission is to conserve open space, educate citizens about the environment, and involve the public in order to sustain the diversity of wildlife, plants and habitats for future generations.
Annual festivals.
Teatown conducts three annual celebrations that are open to the public: the Hudson River EagleFest, the Plant Sale, and the Fall Festival. The EagleFest takes place in February each year, when winter conditions make eagles easier to spot as they search for prey on the Hudson River. The EagleFest offers visitors live raptor demonstrations in tents at Westchester County's Croton Point Park. Short bus tours from Croton Point that take visitors to local eagle spotting sights up and down the lower Hudson Valley require reservations. Guides with scopes are located at the bus stops along the tour as well as at the Croton Point. About 2,500 visitors took part in EagleFest 2008, and about 4,000 visitors took part in 2009. Several dozen non-profit organizations, governmental agencies and municipalities participate. Other nearby nature and culture centers, such as the Beczak Environmental Education Center, Croton Point Nature Center, Van Cortlandt Manor, and Constitution Marsh Audubon Center hold concurrent eagle-themed programs during the EagleFest week. Before and during the event, 5,000 free eagle spotting maps are distributed.
The annual Nature Friendly Plant Sale celebrates the Cliffdale Farm legacy of Teatown and is a well-known source for local hardy and diverse garden plants. The plant sale takes place each spring.
The annual Fall Festival takes place at the Nature Center grounds each autumn, exploring harvest related activities from "the cider mill" to pumpkin carving.
Conservation outreach: Saving the nature that lies between the parks.
Teatown is rapidly developing a reputation as the foremost environmental organization in the Hudson Hills and Highlands, providing conservation leadership to this bioregion, which encompasses most of Westchester and Putnam counties, and parts of Dutchess, Orange and Rockland counties. Teatown takes an active role in state, county and community efforts to protect open space and natural areas.
Through sponsorship of the Hudson Hills and Highlands Environmental Leaders Learning Alliance (ELLA), Teatown provides assistance to civic leaders in crafting practical solutions to environmental issues and helps land owners and residents become more "nature friendly between the parks." ELLA's mission is to bring together town-appointed members of environmental commissions from across New York's Hudson Hills and Highlands to strengthen environmental protection at a regional level, through environmental training, sharing lessons learned, and fostering collaboration. Launched in 2008 under a multiyear grant from New York's Department of Environmental Conservation, the Alliance has good representation from the several dozen towns and villages whose conservation advisory council members are the principal beneficiaries. At each ELLA workshop, citizens who serve on their town's or village's environmental review committees receive training and insight into specific local challenges such groups face each month. For example, ELLA workshop topics have included background of locally invasive species, and detecting and protecting vernal pools. ELLA members have access to a resource library.
In 2008, Teatown and the New York–New Jersey Trail Conference established a partnership on a new effort to provide assistance to local trail programs in Putnam and Westchester counties. Launched in July 2008, the "Hudson Hills and Highlands Community Trail Program" is one part of the New York–New Jersey Trail Conference's larger effort to expand its reach east of the Hudson River from New York City to Columbia County. For nearly 100 years, New York–New Jersey Trail Conference volunteers have helped public agencies provide safe and responsible access to open space from New York City west to the Delaware Water Gap and north to the Catskills.
Environmental education.
An important part of Teatown's mission is to teach ecology and encourage responsible interaction with nature. About 25,000 people come each year to attend an education program, visit the Nature Center, hike its trails, or tour Wildflower Island, a island sanctuary located within Teatown Lake that is home to over 230 native and endangered species of wildflowers.
Teatown's educators offer a variety of environmental education programs, including weekend family and adults only programs, multi-week children’s series, school programs, school vacation camps, a summer camp, and special programs for Scouts and others organizations.
Over 10,000 participants annually attend one or more such educational programs, including nearly 6,000 school children and 700 summer campers. Annually, over 15,000 hikers traverse Teatown's of trails that span abundant fields, mixed forests, lakes, streams, swamps and farm land. Teatown volunteers also participate in the "Great Backyard Bird Count" sponsored by the Audubon Society each winter.
Teatown's Nature Center is a source of wildlife knowledge and home to a variety of amphibians, birds of prey, mammals and reptiles. The Nature Center also houses a store with books and small gifts. The Center often hosts gallery shows of art by area painters and photographers related to environmental themes.
Land stewardship.
Teatown Lake Reservation serves as an oasis for many of the plants and animals that inhabit the Hudson Hills and Highlands. Teatown recently expanded its Environmental Stewardship Program to manage the flora and fauna living in the preserve for the benefit of nature conservation and regional ecological health. What began as a gift of in 1963 has quadrupled in size, including many different habitats, from aquatic and wetland locations to upland woods and meadows.
The foundation of Teatown's Stewardship Program is built on science and environmental management. Staff, collaborating scientists, students, and volunteers work together to document, monitor, and study the reservation's habitats, plants, and animals and to assess their ecological health and conservation status.
Based on these data, Teatown staff are developing new management activities to better protect the ecological communities and enhance Teatown's contribution to local nature conservation. Long-term ecological monitoring using scientific methodologies will track the impact of the conservation efforts and allow for on-going adjustments and improvements. Scientists call this environmental stewardship process adaptive management.
Strengthening nature-friendly living through improved stewardship of private lands will be a key to ensuring regional sustainability. Hence, Teatown hopes to develop models that other land holders in the four counties of Hudson Hills and Highlands may learn from and follow.
Science in a living laboratory.
The Stewardship Program requires Teatown to conduct its own scientific studies of the reservation's habitats, plants, and animals. Teatown's Stewardship Program depends on the work of many scientists for its general understanding of the physical world (e.g. geologists and hydrologists) and the biological world (e.g. biologists and ecologists). This program is an example of the interdisciplinary work of modern conservation ecology.
In recent years, sprawling development, climate change, invasive species, and other environmental threats in Westchester County and the Hudson Hills and Highlands region call for more proactive land management practices. These efforts include setting management priorities and deciding on specific responses to environmental challenges. Teatown's science-based conservation efforts involve staff as well as students, collaborating scientists, partnering organizations, and volunteers.
One current scientific focus of Teatown's Stewardship Program is to document, assess, and begin formal monitoring of the reservation's biodiversity and natural resources. The monitoring portion of these studies will be on-going, so that population trends of flora and fauna can be detected over time. For example, the Stewardship Program team will be focusing its long-term monitoring efforts on habitats and organisms shown to be particularly sensitive to environmental change. These include the lakes, vernal pools and fens, lakeside dragonflies and damselflies, forest-interior birds, stream salamanders, turtles, and rare wildflowers.
Resources.
Books that mention Teatown Lake Reservation.
"In chronological order and starting with most recent:"

</doc>
<doc id="20501511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501511" title="Riverside, Ontario">
Riverside, Ontario

Riverside is a neighbourhood on the eastern edge of Windsor, Ontario. It is best defined by the waterfront road, Riverside Drive, which runs parallel to the Detroit River. The western boundary is approximately Westminster Boulevard running easterly to Rendezvous Shores and the Windsor/Tecumseh town line. That town line is formally defined by a drainage ditch to the Eastern side of the Rendezvous property. Rendezvous Shores is a recent development on the lands which were a large grass field between a marine basin and the Rendezvous Tavern, the Tavern was approximately 1150feet south from the Lake St. Clair shore and the marine basin, while the adjoining properties were a maximum 800feet, thus the marine basin jutted out into the southwest corner of Lake St. Clair. Most of the structure was break wall which was later landfilled to the east, and on most marine charts is referred to as Askin's Point.
Riverside was a town until annexed by Windsor on Jan. 1, 1966. It truly extends all the way to Tecumseh to the East but that 3 mile stretch along Riverside Dr. of waterfront property and farms, is what would retrospectively be called a Hamlet in the city plans.
Overview.
Riverside was fortunate to have evolved to a place of residence for the people of means enough to afford transportation costs out of the city along the Detroit River. This tradition continues as the idyllic location along the River has maintained a high standard of property value.
A short distance to the east extent (or growth) of Riverside was French Canadian farms or cottages for US residents. Both demographics appreciated the idyllic location of the South West coast of Lake St. Clair. The natural draw of this area persists to this day. A linear park called the Ganatchio trail is a heavily used greenway that found its genesis in this area. The park itself might be considered before its time. High costs have been endured since its creation. The park is so heavily used now that it is integral to life in Riverside for many residents. The cost may now seem lower as it is more closely related to the humanity because of higher use. It has been extended beyond the watercourse and spurned adjoining greenways within Essex County and maybe the "Trail" concept to adjoin counties.
Olde Riverside, as a "named" area within Riverside consists of ideally humble and larger discrete high quality aged homes and tree lined grid streets, portraying a Home Journal facade and probable lifestyle. Also a strip of commercial interests along Wyandotte which have resisted 'the mall' influence.
Riverside contains a broad economic range of residential properties. A very diverse history and a somewhat rebellious nature has somehow influenced the culture of the neighborhood as a whole.
Historical.
The Viking Yacht Club never existed. But it is an indication of how inspiring Riverside was to many...
In 1929, Bernard Dangerfield designed the Viking Yacht Club in Riverside, Ontario. 
Prohibition had a sizable influence on this area. The proximity to the monied interests of the U.S. led to the flourishing of several taverns that served not only as watering holes but as ties for American interests to secure alcohol. A party atmosphere persists to this day. Summer weekends still find the eastern end of Riverside Drive heavily used as many of Windsor's residents take part in this spirit and a drive through Riverside has the same draw today as it has since the dawn of the Motor City. 
Grand Taverns of Riverside
References.
The history of the Town of Riverside (1921 to 1966) has been published and recently released by local historian Richard A. Fullerton. (www.riversideontario.weebly.com)

</doc>
<doc id="20501529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501529" title="Joshua Budziszewski Benor">
Joshua Budziszewski Benor

He studied painting at Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw, graduating in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20501532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501532" title="Eduardo Godinho Felipe">
Eduardo Godinho Felipe

Eduardo Godinho Felipe, aka Edu (born 5 January 1976 in São Paulo), is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="20501535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501535" title="Dislocation creep">
Dislocation creep

Dislocation creep is a deformation mechanism in crystalline materials. Dislocation creep involves the movement of dislocations through the crystal lattice of the material. It causes plastic deformation of the individual crystals and in the end the material itself.
Dislocation creep is highly sensitive to the differential stress on the material. At relatively low temperatures it is the dominant deformation mechanism in most crystalline materials.
Principles.
Dislocations and glide planes in crystals.
Dislocation creep takes place due to the movement of dislocations through a crystal lattice. Each time a dislocation moves through a crystal, part of the crystal moves one lattice point along a plane, relative to the rest of the crystal. The plane that separates both parts and along which the movement takes place is called a glide plane. To allow the movement, all ionic bonds along the plane have to be broken. If all bonds were broken at once, this would require so much energy that dislocation creep would only in theory be possible. When it is assumed that the movement takes place step by step, the breaking of bonds is immediately followed by the creation of new ones and the energy required is much lower. Calculations of molecular dynamics and analysis of deformed materials have shown that deformation creep can be an important factor in deformation processes, under certain circumstances.
By moving a dislocation step by step through a crystal lattice a linear lattice defect is created between parts of the crystal lattice, which is called a dislocation. Two types of dislocations exist. Edge dislocations form the edge of an extra layer of atoms inside the crystal lattice. Screw dislocations form a line along which the crystal lattice jumps one lattice point. In both cases the dislocation line forms a linear defect through the crystal lattice, the crystal can be perfect on all sides of the line.
Both edge and screw dislocations move in directions perpendicular to their dislocation lines. This means edge dislocations move in directions parallel to their Burgers vectors and screw dislocations move in directions perpendicular to their Burgers vectors. In both cases this causes a part of the crystal to move relative to other parts. Meanwhile the dislocation itself moves further on along a glide plane. The crystal system of the material (mineral or metal) determines how many glide planes are possible, and in which orientations. The orientation of the differential stress then determines which glide planes are active and which are not. The Von Mises criterion states that to deform a material, movement along at least five different glide planes is required. A dislocation will not always be a straight line and can thus move along more than one glide plane. Where the orientation of the dislocation line changes, a screw dislocation can continue as an edge dislocation and vice versa. 
The length of the displacement in the crystal caused by the movement of the dislocation is called the Burgers vector. It equals the distance between two atoms or ions in the crystal lattice. Therefore each material has its own characteristic Burgers vectors for each glide plane.
Dislocation movement.
A dislocation can ideally move through a crystal until it reaches a grain boundary (the boundary between two crystals). When it reaches a grain boundary, the dislocation will disappear. In that case the whole crystal is sheared a little. There are however different ways in which the movement of a dislocation can be slowed or stopped. When a dislocation moves along several different glide planes, it can have different velocities in these different planes, due to the anisotropy of some materials. Dislocations can also encounter other defects in the crystal on their ways, such as other dislocations or point defects. In such cases a part of the dislocation could slow down or even stop moving altogether.
In alloy design, this effect is used to a great extent. On adding a dissimilar atom or phase, such as a small amount of carbon to iron, it is hardened, meaning deformation of the material will be more difficult (the material becomes stronger). The carbon atoms act as interstitial particles (point defects) in the crystal lattice of the iron, and dislocations will not be able to move as easily as before.
Dislocation recovery.
Dislocations are imperfections in a crystal lattice, that from a thermodynamic point of view reduce the amount of free energy in the system. Therefore, parts of a crystal that have more dislocations will be relatively unstable. By recrystallisation the crystal can heal itself. Recovery of the crystal structure can also take place when two dislocations with opposite displacement meet each other.
A dislocation that has been brought to a halt by an obstacle (a point defect) can overcome the obstacle and start moving again by a process called dislocation climb. For dislocation climb to occur, vacancies have to be able to move through the crystal. When a vacancy arrives at the place where the dislocation is stuck it can cause the dislocation to climb out of its glide plane, after which the point defect is no longer in its way. Dislocation climb is therefore dependent from the velocity of vacancy diffusion. As with all diffusion processes, this is highly dependent on the temperature. At higher temperatures dislocations will more easily be able to move around obstacles. For this reason, many hardened materials become exponentially weaker at higher temperatures.
To increase the free energy in the system, dislocations can tend to concentrate themselves in certain zones, so that other regions will stay free of dislocations. This leads to the formation of 'dislocation walls', planes in a crystal where dislocations localise. Edge dislocations form so called tilt walls, while screw dislocations form twist walls. In both cases the increasing localisation of dislocations in the wall will increase the angle between the orientation of the crystal lattice on both sides of the wall. This leads to the formation of subgrains. The process is called subgrain rotation (SGR) and can eventually lead to the formation of new grains when the dislocation wall becomes a new grain boundary.
Origin of dislocations.
When a crystalline material is put under differential stress, new dislocations form at the grain boundaries, and begin moving through the crystal.
Another way in which new dislocations can form are so called Frank-Read sources. These form when a dislocation is stopped at two places. The part of the dislocation in between will move along, causing the dislocation line to curve. This curving can continue until the dislocation curves over itself to form a circle. In the centre of such a circle the source will produce a new dislocation, and this process will produce a sequence of dislocations on top of each other. Frank-Read sources are also created when screw dislocations double cross-slip (change glide planes twice), as the jogs in the dislocation line pin the dislocation in the 3rd plane.
See also.
Notes:
Literature:

</doc>
<doc id="20501573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501573" title="All I Want (Howard Jones song)">
All I Want (Howard Jones song)

"All I Want" is a single taken from Howard Jones's third studio album.
Released in October 1986 in the UK as the lead single from the album "One to One", it reached #35 in the UK Singles Chart. In the United States, it was the third single from the album, and reached #76 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="20501579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501579" title="Lebanese Army Teaching Institute">
Lebanese Army Teaching Institute

The Teaching Institute also known as the "Training Institute" ( "Maa'had al-taa'lim") is a Lebanese Armed Forces training center, first established on August 7, 1961 as a teaching school in north Lebanon. However, it has been restructured, reconstructed, and reorganized many times throughout the years of Lebanon's civil war. Its last major overhaul was in 2000.
History.
The institute was established on August 7, 1961; as of September 1, 1967 the institute became an independent unity. The current structure of the institute is a result of many changes throughout the years up till 2000 and is as follows:
Mission.
The mission of the teaching institute is to provide the non-commissioned-officers and recruited soldiers with all stages of military training according to the dependent schools.
Schools.
Non-commissioned-officers school.
The school was founded in May 1967, and is headquartered at Mohamed Makki military base. Its mission is to train candidates for three years to get promoted to a sergeant.
Admission requirements:
Infantry school.
The school was founded on August 7, 1961, and is headquartered at Mohamed Makki military base. Its mission is to train conscripts as well as all recruited soldiers to pass any rank (study offices).
Specialized schools range.
Founded on December 24, 1983, and is headquartered at Mohamed Makki military base. Its mission is to train dependent specializations in addition to qualitative section sessions inside all offices.
The specialization schools are:
Support battalions.
In addition to the schools, the institute has its own logistics battalion founded on August 7, 1961, and is responsible to provide the schools with logistics and other basic needs. In addition, the institute has its own defense battalion founded on the same date, and it is responsible to safeguard and defend the institute.

</doc>
<doc id="20501581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501581" title="Richard C. Snyder">
Richard C. Snyder

Richard C. Snyder (21 August 1916 – 9 Dec 1997) was an American political scientist who specialized in foreign policy.
Life and career.
Snyder graduated from Union College in 1937 and earned his doctorate in 1945 from Columbia University. He then took a position at the Council on Foreign Relations.
He taught political science at Princeton University from 1946 to 1955, then was appointed Northwestern University political science department chair. From 1965 to 1970, Snyder served as dean and professor of administration and political science at University of California, Irvine and chaired the political science panel of the California Social Science Study Commission. He served as president of the International Studies Association from 1971 to 1972. He ended his career as director of the Mershon Center at Ohio State University. 
Snyder died in Scottsdale, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="20501582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501582" title="Edward Frederick Ertz">
Edward Frederick Ertz

Edward Frederick Ertz (born 1862 in Canfield, Illinois. Died 1954 in Pulborough, England) was an artist and fellow of the Royal Society of Arts. He was also an etcher and wood engraver.
He first worked in New Orleans and then New York, and showed work at the 1893 World's Fair. He went to Paris to train as a painter, exhibiting in the Paris salons from 1889. From 1892 to 1899 he was a professor of watercolour-painting and drawing at the Académie Delécluse in Paris. In 1899 or 1900 Ertz settled in the south of England, where he made paintings that were shown nationally and internationally. He kept a studio at Pulborough, Sussex, and taught at Kings Langley in Hertfordshire. He also produced coloured 'xylographie' (or 'xylographic') woodcut prints.
He is now remembered largely for his harbour and coastal scenes, and his early work in the American West.

</doc>
<doc id="20501588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501588" title="Lisbellaw St Patricks GAA">
Lisbellaw St Patricks GAA

Lisbellaw Saint Patricks are a hurling club from central County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland. They have been Fermanagh Senior Hurling champions on 31 occasions.
Club history.
In 1968 Adrian Corrigan and Father Peter McGuiness decided to form a hurling team drawing on players in the Lisbellaw area. McGuiness contacted Jimmy McPhillips of Coa and Fermanagh. He and his son John assembled some players and practices began in October 1968. Jimmy McPhillips died in 1984.
Facilities.
The club facilities include a hurling field with ballstops and a fence around the pitch. Modern facilities include changing rooms with a meeting room, showers, and toilets.
Location.
Lisbellaw Hurling Club is situated outside the town of Lisbellaw in central Fermanagh. Its proper address is Cavanacarragh, Lisbellaw.

</doc>
<doc id="20501601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501601" title="Emilio Guimoye">
Emilio Guimoye

Emilio Guimoye Hernandez (1891–1988/89) was a Peruvian agricultural entrepreneur who served as Minister of Finance (Secretary of the Treasury) from 1954 to 1955 for the Republic of Peru. 
Emilio Guimoye was born in Callao, Peru. His father died when he was 8 years old, his mother when he was 12, which forced him to withdraw from school and work to support his younger siblings. At the age of 14 he decided to go with his siblings to the southern village of Chincha, where he worked to many different trades. In 1915, he rented the Mencia farm in the Pisco Valley and became an agricultural entrepreneur. He undertook agricultural activities in nearly every valley on the country's central and southern coast, and re-invested the profits in other companies, from banking and financial entities to hotels, like the famous Hotel Paracas in Pisco, and real estate investments.
In 1954, the Peruvian economy was in crisis. Aware of the country's difficult situation, Guimoye did not hesitate to put his business aside and volunteered as Development Minister for the administration in office at the time, headed by Manuel A. Odría. By the end of the following year, he had performed very well in office. With a restored economy, and debts paid, he resigned his post. He only yearned to go back to his farming dream: the colonization of the northern Peruvian rainforest. Guimoye was adamant in the belief that the nation's rainforest offered significant economic and social opportunities, and that the nation's future lay in developing this potential. Therefore, instead of retiring, he decided to invest everything he owned in the colonization of Peru's northern rainforest. Guimoye settled in the Bagua area, where he dedicated himself to the cultivation of rice and cotton fields, as well as cattle breeding. However his hopes were frustrated by the Agrarian reform decreed by the left-wing dictatorship of Juan Velasco Alvarado in the 1970s, which paralyzed the initiative he had started.
Guimoye died at the age of 97.
Not too long after his death, the Peruvian postal service SERPOST, printed a limited edition collection stamp, in memoriam and recognition of who was one of the most important pioner in agricultural property for the Republic of Peru.
The Republic of Peru, currently owes to Emilio Guimoye and family members, the amount of US $ 30'000,000.00 as an indemnification, product of the agricultural reform on which his lands were taken away.

</doc>
<doc id="20501609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501609" title="Takala">
Takala

Takala was a king of Uvea, ruling from 1829 to 1830. He was both preceded and succeeded by Soane-Patita Vaimua Lavelua.

</doc>
<doc id="20501613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501613" title="Richard Leach">
Richard Leach

Richard Leach (born in Bangor, Maine in 1953) is an American hymn writer and poet.
He received a B.A from Bowdoin College in 1974, and an M.Div. from Princeton Theological Seminary in 1978. He was a United Church of Christ pastor in Connecticut from 1978 to 1999. He began writing hymns in 1987. In 1999 he left the ministry of the United Church of Christ and became a member of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America. He is a member of The Hymn Society in the United States and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20501615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501615" title="Béla Kéler">
Béla Kéler

Vojtech Keler (Hungarian: "Kéler Béla"), also known as "Adalbert Kéler" and "Adalbert Paul von Kéler"; born as "Albert Paul Keler" on 13 February 1820 in Bardejov; died 20 November 1882 in Wiesbaden) was a Slovakian-Hungarian composer and conductor.
Biography.
After dropping out of law school, he worked on a farm where he read a textbook by Johann Georg Albrechtsberger and started practicing the violin. By the time he moved to Vienna, he was good enough to play in the orchestra of the Theater an der Wien. While holding this position, he studied with Simon Sechter. He became leader of the Gungl Band in Berlin in 1854, and the next year succeeded Lanner in Vienna. From 1856 to 1863 he was Kapellmeister of an infantry regiment in the Vienna garrison. In 1867, he joined the Kur Orchestra in Wiesbaden, where he remained until 1873. In the 1870s, Kéler toured all over Europe.
Born in 1820 in Bardejov(Slovakia), christ.as Albert Paul. Father Stefan(1781-1849) was a Principal magistrate of the town of Bardejov(that years part of Austria-Hungary), mother Anna(1793-1848) raised 13children. Siblings: Frederika, Stefan, Emilia, Antonia, Matilda, Augusta, Apolonia, Ferdinand, Viktor, Jozefina, Amalia.
As a little boy he studied a violin(F.schiffer in Bardejov). The household was German. Education- in 1834 lyceum(in German language) in Levoca, then evang.collegium in Presov, later short studies in Debrecin- law, philosophy and also hung.language, soon he left and studied again in Presov. Living and working in Presov, leading a Students orchestra there. Since 1845 Wien(Theater an der Wien, from 1863 Wiesbaden(Germ.), there is also his grave.
His testament- all his work, autography etc. he gave to the town of Bardejov(Slovakia)- Museum of Bardejov. (Source: http://www.muzeumbardejov.sk/keler/en/index.html.)
Compositions.
He was very popular as a composer of orchestral and dance music, and was looked upon as one of the best of writers of violin solos. His overtures and compositions for small orchestra were long popular in the United States and England.
Johannes Brahms based one of his "Hungarian Dances" on a "csárdás" by Kéler (he mistakenly thought it was a genuine Hungarian folk melody), while Anton Bruckner copied the instrumentation and form (but not the harmony) of Kéler's "Apollo-Marsch" (also called "Mazzuchelli-Marsch") exactly for his own March in E-flat major. (The "Apollo Marsch" was later mistaken for a work of Bruckner's).

</doc>
<doc id="20501621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501621" title="Deletionism and inclusionism in Wikipedia">
Deletionism and inclusionism in Wikipedia

Deletionism and inclusionism are opposing philosophies that largely developed and came to public notice within the context of the community of editors of the online encyclopedia Wikipedia. The terms are connected to views on the appropriate scope of the encyclopedia, and the appropriate point for a topic to be allowed to "include" an encyclopedia article (i.e., "inclusion") or "delete" the article (i.e., "deletion"). Inclusionism and deletionism are broad terms falling within a spectrum of views. The concepts are closely related to Wikipedia's concept of notability, with deletionists and inclusionists taking a strong or relaxed stance on "notability" accordingly. Many users do not identify strongly with either position.
"Deletionists" are proponents of selective coverage and removal of articles seen as unnecessary or highly substandard. Deletionist viewpoints are commonly motivated by a desire that Wikipedia be focused on and cover significant topics – along with the desire to place a firm cap upon proliferation of promotional use (seen as abuse of the website), trivia, and articles which are of no general interest, lack suitable source material for high quality coverage, or are too short or otherwise unacceptably poor in quality.
"Inclusionists" are proponents of broad retention, including retention of "harmless" articles and articles otherwise deemed substandard to allow for future improvement. Inclusionist viewpoints are commonly motivated by a desire to keep Wikipedia broad in coverage with a much lower entry barrier for topics covered – along with the belief in that it is impossible to tell what knowledge might be "useful" or productive, that content often starts poor and is improved if time is allowed, that there is effectively no incremental cost of coverage, that arbitrary lines in the sand are unhelpful and may prove divisive, and that goodwill requires avoiding arbitrary deletion of others' work. Some extend this to include allowing a wider range of sources such as notable blogs and other websites.
To the extent that an official stance exists at 2010, it is that "There is no practical limit to the number of topics it can cover" but "there is an important distinction between what "can" be done, and what "should" be done", the latter being the subject of the policy "". The policy concludes "Consequently, this policy is not a free pass for inclusion".
Background.
Due to concerns about vandalism and appropriateness of content, most wikis require policies regarding inclusion. Wikipedia has developed spaces for policy and conflict resolution regarding the disputes for individual articles. These debates, which can be initiated by anyone, take place on an "Articles for deletion" page. Much discussion concerns not only the content of each article in question, but also "differing perspectives on how to edit an ideal encyclopedia."
At the end of each debate, an administrator judges the community consensus. Articles that do not require debate can be flagged and deleted without debate by administrators. If the administrator's decision is disputed, then the discussion can be taken to "deletion review," where the community discusses the administrator's decision. In controversial cases, the debates can spread to other places on the Internet.
A 2006 estimate was that pages about Wikipedia governance and policy entries were one of the fastest-growing areas of Wikipedia and contained about one quarter of its content.
Positions.
The Association of Inclusionist Wikipedians and the Association of Deletionist Wikipedians were founded by administrators. Each has a Wikimedia page listing their respective members, charters and principles. While written in humorous tones, they reveal the perceived importance of Wikipedia held by the members.
Inclusionists may argue that the interest of a few is a sufficient condition for the existence of an article, since such articles are harmless and there is no restriction on space in Wikipedia. Favoring the idiosyncratic and subjective, an inclusionist slogan is "Wikipedia is not paper."
On the other hand, deletionists favor objectivity and conformity, holding that "Wikipedia is not Google," a "junkyard," or "a dumping ground for facts." They argue that the interest of "enough" people is a necessary condition for article quality, and articles about trivial subjects damage the credibility and future success of Wikipedia. They advocate the establishment and enforcement of specific standards and policies as a form of jurisprudence.
According to veteran contributor Geoff Burling, newer members are less likely to have helped delete articles that should have been kept on hindsight, and so exercise less caution. Journalism professor K.G. Schneider has identified the mentality of deletionism as having manifested once the emphasis of the encyclopaedia shifted from quantity to quality.
A "Wikimorgue", in which all deleted articles and their edit histories would be retained, has been suggested as a means to provide . A website, Deletionpedia, in fact now has a file of representative deleted pages from February to September, 2008.
Alternatives.
Between the two groups, various ideologies have been formed that are not mutually exclusive.
In November 2004, editor Reene Sylverwind created the Association of Mergist Wikipedians to promote a middle ground between the two groups, as not all deletion debates result in keeping or deleting the article entirely. A merge from one article to another is executed by moving the relevant content from the former to the latter, and redirecting the former to the latter. This is a sort of compromise since the content still exists, satisfying the inclusionists, while the original article no longer exists by itself, satisfying the deletionists arguing against retention.
Criticism.
Documentarian Jason Scott has noted the large amount of wasted effort that goes into deletion debates. Being called an inclusionist or deletionist can sidetrack the issue from the actual debate, which may contribute to community disintegration, restriction of information, or a decrease in the rate of article creation that suggests a decrease in passion and motivation amongst editors. Nevertheless, some have observed that the interaction between the two groups may actually result in an enhancement of overall quality of content.
Startup accelerator and angel investor Y Combinator co-founder Paul Graham has written on a page listing "Startup Ideas We'd Like to Fund" that deletionists rule Wikipedia:
Deletionists rule Wikipedia. Ironically, they're constrained by print-era thinking. What harm does it do if an online reference has a long tail of articles that are only interesting to a few people, so long as everyone can still find whatever they're looking for? There is room to do to Wikipedia what Wikipedia did to Britannica.
Novelist Nicholson Baker recounted how an article on the beat poet Richard Denner was deleted as "nonnotable", and criticised the behaviour of vigilante editors on Wikipedia in "New York Review of Books". The article has since been restored.
Such debates have sparked the creation of websites critical of Wikipedia such as Wikitruth, which watches for articles in risk of deletion. Wikinews editor Brian McNeil has been quoted as saying that every encyclopedia experiences internal battles, the difference being that those of Wikipedia are public.
In 2009, Wikipedia began to see a reduction in the amount of edits to the site, which some called a result of user frustration due to excessive deletionism.
Notable debates.
Specific cases of disputes between deletionists and inclusionists have attracted media coverage.
The article on South African restaurant Mzoli's was nominated for deletion after being created by Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales, who said that supporters of deletion displayed "shockingly bad faith behavior." The article was kept after a multitude of editors helped work on it. The consequence is that while inclusionists can say the deleting administrator crossed the line, deletionists can say that the process works as notability was established.
In February 2007, the nomination of the Terry Shannon article for deletion was ridiculed by "The Inquirer".
The deletion of the biography of television anchor Susan Peters, the article for the Pownce website and Ruby programmer Why the lucky stiff also sparked controversy.
Comic book and science fiction/fantasy novel writer Peter David, who helped cast actor Kristian Ayre in the Nickelodeon TV series he co-created, "Space Cases", criticized the November 2009 deletion of Ayre's Wikipedia biography, and what he perceived as deletionism on the part of some of the project's editors, in his "But I Digress ..." column in "Comics Buyer's Guide" #1663 (March 2010), remarking that "Wikipedia, which has raised the trivial to the level of art form, actually has cut-off lines for what's deemed important enough to warrant inclusion." In attacking the practice in general, David focused on the process by which the merits of Ayre's biography were discussed prior to its deletion, and what he described as inaccurate arguments that led to that result. Referring to the processes by which articles were judged suitable for inclusion as "nonsensical, inaccurate and flawed", David provided information about Ayre with the expressed purpose that it would lead to the article's recreation. The article was recreated on January 20, 2010.
Notable advocates and analysts.
Wikipedia co-founder Larry Sanger identified himself as an inclusionist, excepting on topics pertaining to sexuality, for his Citizendium project.
Andrew Lih, a deletionist-turned inclusionist, observes a cultural shift from Wikipedia's initial expansion in that it has become more cautious. He changed his position when an article he created about the social networking website Pownce was speedily deleted by another administrator as advertising.
Subjects of deleted articles.
In July 2006, The Inquirer was offended by claims made by certain Wikipedia editors that it conspired with Everywhere Girl to create her phenomenon. They observed an apparent campaign to remove all references to Everywhere Girl on Wikipedia. Later, they found it contrary to common sense that what became included on Wikipedia was their series of reports on the deletions of the Wikipedia article.
In December 2006, writer and composer Matthew Dallman found that Wikipedia's biography of him was under debate, and became drawn to the vote counts. He was deciding to not participate on his own behalf due to Wikipedia's apparent dislike of self-promotion, saying that "It's like I'm on trial and I can't testify," though he would not be able to resist the urge.
Andrew Klein was disappointed that the article on his webcomic Cake Pony was deleted, despite his claims that the "article contains valuable and factual information about a popular internet meme." He conceded that "it's their site and you've got to play by their rules." Many other webcomic-related articles were deleted in fall 2006 to criticism by their artists.
Slate.com and "The Wall Street Journal" writer Timothy Noah documented his "career as an encyclopedia entry," and questioned the need for rules on notability in addition to rules on verifiability.
Scholarly research.
At the 2005 Digital Arts and Culture Conference, the two groups were discussed as examples among "Eventualism" and "Immediatism" in a successful large-scale architecture of participation.
The Institut national de recherche pédagogique (National Institute for Educational Research) in France, in case studies of Wikipedia, reported that while it was difficult to measure the influence of the groups as of April 2006, their existence is indicative of Wikipedia's internal dynamics consisting of multiple identities, and may play progressively increasing roles.
Deletion debates over an article on Enterprise 2.0 sparked a study by the Harvard Business School.
In the journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology, a study of Wikipedia social dynamics, called inclusionism and deletionism the two most prominent associations within Wikipedia. They observe that users in the same role (administrator, etc.) may hold different perspectives, and that "the diversity of member quality preferences and the low cost of forming or switching associations may encourage schism in an existing association or evolution of new groups." At the same time, the associations may help to better critique existing policies and to find and achieve points of convergence.
Other language Wikipedias.
Since each language Wikipedia sets its own notability standards, these have in some cases diverged substantially. The German Wikipedia is said by one journalist to be dominated by "exclusionists" whereas the English Wikipedia is "inclusionist"; although it is pointed out that the English Wikipedia has for several years required users to create accounts to create articles, which German Wikipedia does not. A debate in late 2009 over inclusion of several articles led to criticism in the German blogosphere of such vehemence and volume that the German Wikimedia held a meeting with several bloggers and German Wikipedia administrators regarding the German Wikipedia's notability criteria, and issued a press statement.

</doc>
<doc id="20501633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501633" title="Pat Buckley (footballer)">
Pat Buckley (footballer)

Patrick Buckley (born 12 August 1946) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Wolverhampton Wanderers, Sheffield United and Rotherham United.
Career.
Buckley began his career at Third Lanark in his native Scotland before joining English First Division side Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1964. He made his senior debut for the club on 30 September 1964 in a 0–2 loss to Birmingham City. He made 15 appearances during his first season at Molineux, scoring three times, but failing to halt relegation. 
He never managed to hold down a regular place in the Wolves side and left in 1968, after 29 appearances in total for them. He joined Sheffield United, but again was unable to hold down a starting place during his stay. He ended his league career with a brief spell at Rotherham United.
His father, Patrick (known as Paddy) was also a footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20501640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501640" title="Durham Dales">
Durham Dales

The Durham Dales is the name given to a large area of landscape in the west of County Durham, consisting primarily of the Durham portion of the North Pennines, in England.
Geography.
The Durham Dales consist primarily of a series of high exposed moorlands, hills and mountains, a number exceeding a height of 2,000 ft above sea level, along with the valleys or dales, from which the area gets its name. These valleys include Teesdale and Weardale. The area covers roughly one third of County Durham and is its least populous area.
Settlements.
There are just a few market towns within the area—Barnard Castle, Consett, Middleton-in-Teesdale, Stanhope, Tow Law, and Wolsingham,—though some also consider the Durham Dales to extend as far East as Bishop Auckland and Crook.
There are a number of small villages in the area, which in general tend to be sparsely populated and spread out, in great contrast to much of the rest of County Durham.
Geology.
Like much of the North Pennines, the Durham Dales form an anticline, with carboniferous limestone exposed at the surface. The Durham Dales, like much of the Pennines, have long been exploited for their rich mineralogical resources, notably lead and ironstone.
Ecology.
Many of the high hills are occupied by moors with peat-mosses, the higher ground being uncultivable and barely fit for pastures.
As with much of the landscape of the Pennines, they are generally upland areas of high moorland indented by the more fertile valleys of various rivers and streams.
The Durham Dales constitute the principal watershed for the county of Durham, as well as contributing to those of the neighbouring counties of Cumbria, Northumberland and North Yorkshire. The rivers Wear, Tees and Derwent all rise in the Durham Dales and flow eastward towards the North Sea. The Derwent helps to form County Durham's northerly border, and the Tees traditionally its southern border.
Along the course of the Tees are the three attractions of the High Force, Low Force and Cauldron Snout waterfalls.

</doc>
<doc id="20501669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501669" title="Soane-Patita Vaimua Lavelua">
Soane-Patita Vaimua Lavelua

Soane-Patita Vaimua Lavelua was a king of Uvea, ruling from 1826 to 1829, and again 1830 to 1858. He was preceded at first by Mulitoto, and succeeded by Takala; he succeeded Takala and was later succeeded by Falakika Seilala.

</doc>
<doc id="20501678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501678" title="2002 Open Gaz de France">
2002 Open Gaz de France

The 2002 Open Gaz de France was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Stade Pierre de Coubertin in Paris in France that was part of Tier II of the 2002 WTA Tour. It was the tenth edition of the tournament and was held from February 4 through February 9, 2002. Venus Williams won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="20501681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501681" title="Sir Richard Hoghton, 1st Baronet">
Sir Richard Hoghton, 1st Baronet

Sir Richard Hoghton, 1st Baronet (28 September 1570–1630) was a politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1601 and 1611.
He was born the eldest son of Thomas Hoghton of Hoghton Tower, Lancashire by Anne, the daughter of Henry Keighley of Keighley, Yorkshire. Thomas was murdered in 1589.
He was appointed High Sheriff of Lancashire for 1599 and was knighted in January 1600. In 1601 he was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Lancashire and was re-elected MP for Lancashire in 1604.
Hoghton was one of the first baronets, created on 22 May 1611.
Aa a staunch presbyterian, he promoted active dissent, a tradition that would be continued by later members of the family.
Hoghton died in 1630. He had married firstly Catherine, the daughter of Sir Gilbert Gerard with whom he had five sons and eight daughters, and secondly Jane, the daughter of Thomas Spencer of Rufford and widow of Robert Hesketh, with whom he had two more sons. The baronetcy was inherited by his eldest son Gilbert.

</doc>
<doc id="20501701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501701" title="Certified Public Accountants Association">
Certified Public Accountants Association

The Certified Public Accountants Association (CPA UK) (formerly Association of Certified Public Accountants) was formed in 1989 to represent the interests of Certified Public Accountants in the United Kingdom.
The Association's National Administration Centre and Head Office is in Manchester, England. 
Qualification.
CPA UK offers the designations of Certified Public Accountant (ACPA or FCPA). This is the main accounting qualification in the United States; there are also many CPAs in China, Australia and elsewhere. CPA UK was founded in 1989 to offer a British version.
The Association conducts examinations in bookkeeping and accountancy and is in three parts. Foundation level which comprises manual and computerised bookkeeping. Professional level I, which includes financial reporting, management accounting and taxation, allows the successful student the Technician's qualification. The final part or Professional level II includes advanced taxation, company law, company secretarial, ethics and public practice. After completion of the examinations the student must complete two years' experience in public practice.
Members of the Association may use the designatory letters ACPA (Associates) or FCPA (Fellows). 
Members wishing to use the designation Certified Public Accountant,or the designatory letters ACPA/ FCPA, in connection with offering services as a practising public accountant to the general public/business community, must be in possession of a valid, current practising certificate.
For a firm to use the designation Certified Public Accountant(s), all the partners or directors/shareholders must be members of the Association and the principal must hold a current practising certificate.
Affiliations.
CPA UK is affiliated to:

</doc>
<doc id="20501702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501702" title="Falakika Seilala">
Falakika Seilala

Falakika Seilala was a Queen of Uvea, ruling from 1858 until 1869. She was preceded by Soane-Patita Vaimua Lavelua, and succeeded by Amelia Tokagahahau Aliki.

</doc>
<doc id="20501716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501716" title="Jacksonville RollerGirls">
Jacksonville RollerGirls

The Jacksonville RollerGirls are a flat track roller derby league based in Jacksonville, Florida, (USA). Originally formed as the First Coast Fatales, the league changed to its current name in 2007.
The League.
The Jacksonville RollerGirls league consists of four teams that play within the league and compete with other teams in surrounding areas. They practice and bout at the Mandarin Skate Station and Jacksonville Ice & Sportsplex. Bouts have aired weekly on CW17 beginning September 25, 2010 [http://www.yourjax.com/sports/rollergirls].
The New Jax City Rollers all-star team finished fourth place in the Sunshine Skate 2008 state tournament in Tampa, Florida. In 2009, the New Jax City Rollers competed in the Sunshine Skate 2009 state tournament but were eliminated within the first day of competition.
For the 2008 season, the Jacksonville RollerGirls entered into a working relationship with a new league in Gainesville, Florida, the Gainesville Roller Rebels. Together, the two leagues presented 2 bouts in Jacksonville, and one in Gainesville, mixing skaters from either league onto each team.
The Jacksonville RollerGirls compete by the widely-adopted rules of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association.
Among roller derby leagues in the Southeast, the Jacksonville RollerGirls have earned a reputation for hitting hard, playing strong despite the score, and then showing fine hospitality and sportsmanship by partying and celebrating with friends, fans, and the opposing team well into the night.
Owing to their image and reputation, the Jacksonville RollerGirls were voted "Best Local Cult" by readers of Folio Weekly.
Community.
The Jacksonville RollerGirls regularly make appearances at local events, and volunteer time, labor, and goods for community organizations, including The Blood Alliance, Wolfson Children's Hospital, and Susan G. Komen for the Cure.
In January 2008, the league hosted two screenings of Hell on Wheels (2007 film) at the San Marco Theater.
Duuuval!
The Jacksonville Rollergirls adopted the slogan and battle cry "Duuuval!" in admiration of the league's home county, Duval.

</doc>
<doc id="20501718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501718" title="RAF Hamworthy">
RAF Hamworthy

RAF Hamworthy was a Royal Air Force Coastal Command seaplane base at Poole Harbour in Dorset, England, from 1939 to 1948. During the Second World War, it was used by the Royal Air Force, the Royal Navy and BOAC.

</doc>
<doc id="20501722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501722" title="Amelia Tokagahahau Aliki">
Amelia Tokagahahau Aliki

Amelia Tokagahahau Aliki was a queen of Uvea, ruling from 1869 until 1895. She was preceded by Falakika Seilala, and succeeded by Vito Lavelua II and Isaake.

</doc>
<doc id="20501728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501728" title="Maja Berezowska">
Maja Berezowska

From 1933 to 1936 she lived in Paris and worked with magazines such as "Le Figaro", "Le Rire" and "Ici Paris". She made a few caricature cartoons of Adolf Hitler which resulted in the official protest of the German Embassy in Paris, which sued Berezowska. She appeared in court but escaped having to pay any fine. However, Nazi Germans remembered her "outrage". After her return to Poland and the outbreak of World War II she was imprisoned at Pawiak, and later - with the death sentence - sent and imprisoned in Ravensbrück concentration camp. After the liberation of the Ravensbrück camp by the Soviet forces she left, with a group of other Polish women, first for Stockholm and a year later, in 1946, returned to her native Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20501738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501738" title="Mad Dog Radio">
Mad Dog Radio

Mad Dog Sports Radio is a Sirius XM Radio station which broadcasts sports talk, sports news, and play by play. This channel officially started broadcasting on November 12, 2008. However, Chris Russo, the channel's namesake was on the air before the channel officially signed on. On September 3, 2013 the station was re-branded Mad Dog Sports Radio. Despite getting more calls than any other national sports talk outlet, the station began to air less sports talk and more redundant play-by-play programming to save costs.
Current programming.
Weekday programming
Weekend programming highlights include
Mad Dog Sports Radio also employs Scott Wetzel and Dan Graca as regular fill-in hosts on both weekdays and weekends.

</doc>
<doc id="20501748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501748" title="Kennet Island">
Kennet Island

Kennet Island is a housing development in Reading, Berkshire, England. It is situated halfway between Reading town centre and the M4 motorway.
Part of the development is covered by a Government-backed initiative called My Choice Homebuy, aimed at giving first-time buyers a chance to get on the property ladder.
Kennet Island is developed by St James, and the first properties were sold early 2007. It is still being heavily developed, and plans for the future include a new traffic circle allowing easier access from the A33 dual-carriageway onto the estate itself. The Kennet Island development is one of the reasons why Berkeley Group has been able to weather the 2008 recession.
The development is expanding rapidly, with two more phases planned, the latter of the two coinciding with an expansion of Prudential plc, with new office buildings in a nearby industrial estate. In the 'Piazza', the central square of Kennet Island, is where the shops and several water features are located.

</doc>
<doc id="20501749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501749" title="InRock">
InRock

InRock is a Russian language rock magazine based in Moscow and distributed CIS-wide. The magazine was founded in Summer 2000 and focuses on all genres of rock music.
InRock has organized InProg, a progressive music festival in Moscow, since 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20501756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501756" title="Warwick High School (Lititz, Pennsylvania)">
Warwick High School (Lititz, Pennsylvania)

Warwick High School is a public secondary school in the Warwick School District located in Lititz, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.
School history.
Prior to the opening of the high school, Lititz was served by the Lititz Public School, located in the former building now on the site of the Lititz Elementary school.
Warwick High School was opened in 1956 and included students in grades six through twelve. Warwick Middle School was opened in 1971, which removed students in grades six through eight, leaving the current ninth- through twelfth-grade configuration.
2007 racist incident.
Warwick High School received press coverage on October 11, 2007, after three white students allegedly yelled racial slurs at minority students outside of the school building. As a result, the students were suspended, and Confederate flags were banned on school property. Several other incidents also occurred in the following days. In response, the community of Lititz commemorated the 2009 Martin Luther King Jr. Day holiday with "a clear statement against racism."
2009 shot glass incident.
Warwick High School was in the press once again when during the prom at the Willow Valley resort on May 2, 2009, shot glasses were handed out as prom favors, contradicting the school's anti-drinking demonstration that was specifically directed at the prom. The junior class, who is responsible for ordering the prom gifts, labeled them only as "prom souvenirs", therefore not allowing the principal to identify and stop the shot glasses from being ordered. The school has come under scrutiny for supposedly promoting underage drinking. The assistant principal has said "This will never happen again."
School mascot.
The high school's current mascot depicts the profile of a Native American warrior. Since 1999, Lititz residents, teachers, and students have criticized the mascot both as a racist stereotype and for misrepresenting a Native American religious symbol. The campaign to eliminate the mascot resurfaced during the 2009-2010 school year, as the district renovated the high school's football field; current plans call for a spear design in the center of the field. In 2010, the district removed the warrior logo from the high school's sign, replacing it with a black-and-red seal featuring the letter "W". The warrior image has been used less frequently since 1999; since then, residents have suggested to the school board that the mascot be changed to something representative of Lititz, such as "Wilbur Buds," a well-known product of the local Wilbur Chocolate Company.
Academics.
Warwick High School has a strong tradition in academics, having met the vast majority of the goals set for all schools by the No Child Left Behind Act for the 2007–2008 school year.
Fine arts.
The school is well known for the strength of its music program, notably its marching band, which won three consecutive championships in the Cavalcade of Bands competition circuit from 2006 to 2008.
Student Organizations.
Club for the Integration of the Arts.
In addition to success of the high school's curricular music program, many students also participate in a student-run organization called Club for the Integration of the Arts (CIA). Its main event, the coffeehouse, attracts upwards of 200 students (roughly 180 in 2010) and raised in 2010 $348 at a single coffeehouse. The proceeds are used to fuel art projects and curricula both within the high school itself and elsewhere. In 2010 proceeds were donated to Blackfeet Indians in Browning, Montana to help fund their initiative called "Sacred Grounds", an event similar to the CIA's coffeehouse.

</doc>
<doc id="20501766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501766" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 1322">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1322

In United Nations Security Council resolution 1322, adopted on 7 October 2000, after recalling resolutions 476 (1980), 478 (1980), 672 (1990) and 1073 (1996), the Council deplored the visit by Ariel Sharon to the Temple Mount (referred to in the Resolution by its Arab name Al-Haram Al-Sharif) and the subsequent violence which, according to the Resolution, had resulted in the deaths of over 80 Palestinians. The Resolution did not condemn or mention reported Israeli deaths, although it did deplore what it described as "many other casualties."
The Security Council reaffirmed that a settlement of the conflict must be based on resolutions 242 (1967) and 338 (1973), which called for peace based on negotiations between the Israeli and Arab sides. In this regard, it supported the Israeli-Palestinian peace process and reaffirmed the need for the full respect of the Holy Places of Jerusalem by all. 
The resolution labeled Sharon's visit to the Temple Mount a "provocation," and it deplored the visit as well as subsequent violence there and throughout the other Israeli-occupied territories, particularly the use of force against Palestinians. The violence was the worst in years, and marked the beginning of the Second Intifada. The Council called for an immediate cessation of hostilities and return to negotiations and it called upon Israel to abide by its responsibilities under the Fourth Geneva Convention concerning the protection of civilians in war. It stressed the importance of an objective inquiry into the recent events with the aim of preventing further repetition. Finally, the Secretary-General Kofi Annan was required to keep the Council informed on developments.
The resolution was sponsored by Malaysia and supported by several European countries. The original version of the resolution sought a strong condemnation of Israel. The United States, which abstained, threatened to veto this version, and the language was modified to remove mention of Israel by name.

</doc>
<doc id="20501772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501772" title="Diplocystaceae">
Diplocystaceae

Diplocystaceae (alternatively spelled Diplocystidaceae or Diplocystidiaceae) is a family of fungi in the Boletales order. The family was described by mycologist Hanns Kreisel in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20501774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501774" title="Isaake">
Isaake

Isaake was a king of Uvea, ruling in rebellion for one day in 1895. He was preceded by Amelia Tokagahahau Aliki, and succeeded by Vito Lavelua II.

</doc>
<doc id="20501777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501777" title="Kiejstut Bereźnicki">
Kiejstut Bereźnicki


</doc>
<doc id="20501782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501782" title="Gasterella">
Gasterella

Gasterellaceae is a family of fungi in the order Boletales. It contains the single genus Gasterella, which in turn contains the single species Gasterella luteophila, found in the USA. The genus and species was described by American mycologists Sanford Myron Zeller and Leva Belle Walker in 1935; the family by Zeller in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="20501785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501785" title="Otto Andreas Lowson Mörch">
Otto Andreas Lowson Mörch

Otto Andreas Lowson Mörch (his last name also spelled Mørch) (1828-1878) was a biologist, specifically a malacologist. He lived in Sweden, in Denmark, and in France.
Taxa described.
Bibliography and taxa described by Otto Andreas Lowson Mörch include:
1863
1864

</doc>
<doc id="20501787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501787" title="Danny Thomas (Welsh footballer)">
Danny Thomas (Welsh footballer)

Danny Thomas (born 13 May 1985 in Cardiff) is a retired Welsh former professional footballer. In his professional and semi-professional career, he played for Cardiff City and Carmarthen Town, Haverfordwest County and Bridgend Town. He has played for Wales at Under 17 and Under 19 level.
Career.
Thomas began his career as a trainee with Cardiff City, turning professional in July 2004. After impressing in the reserve side he was handed his league debut on 19 November 2004 when he was brought on as a second-half substitute for Chris Barker in the 1-0 defeat at home to Preston North End. He played in the FAW Premier Cup defeat to Bangor City later in the season but it would be his last appearance for Cardiff and he was released in May 2005.
He joined Carmarthen Town in July 2005 and since become a prolific goalscorer, scoring his 50th league goal for the side on 28 November 2009 during a 3-1 win over Bala Town. In June 2010, Thomas moved to local rivals Haverfordwest County.
A move to Bridgend Town, before a short-lived return to Carmarthen Town in the summer of 2012. He retired from Welsh Premier League football in October 2012 to join the Cardiff City Academy as coach to their Under-10 players

</doc>
<doc id="20501792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501792" title="Gastrosporium">
Gastrosporium

Gastrosporium is the sole genus in the fungal family Gastrosporiaceae. It contains two truffle-like species, the type "G. simplex", and "G. asiaticum". Both the family and genus were circumscribed by Italian mycologist Oreste Mattirolo in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="20501797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501797" title="St John's, Redhill">
St John's, Redhill

St John's is a hamlet on the fringes of Redhill, Surrey. The small community is now a conservation area circled by Earlswood and Redhill Common. St John's is in one of the three ecclesiastical parishes that make up Redhill. The area around St John's School and Church had very small beginnings but at one time grew so rapidly it was thought that it was the nucleus of a new town.
St John's School.
The history of St John's School began on 21 August 1840 when a decision was taken at a parish vestry meeting to claim compensation from the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway Company for the loss of grazing and other rights when it built the railway across common land in the Manor. Four years later the churchwardens were holding a meeting to decide what to do with £535.7s thus obtained. The decision was to spend one third of it on the poor rate and two thirds on building a National School at St John's. The Schools (Boys', Girls' and Infants') opened in 1845 and St John's, now in the form of a Community Primary school, is still going strong. More on the history of St John's and the School can be found here, the School's website also provides more information about the school.
Church of St John the Evangelist.
The church is Anglican and in the mid-higher category over the standard grade, Grade II*. The first version of the building here was built, on a prominent site on a spur of the North Downs, to designs by J T Knowles in 1843. To this aisles were added to designs by Ford & Hesketh 1867. The great change came in 1889, when John Loughborough Pearson was called on to remodel the church. He replaced the original building with a new nave and chancel, retaining the 1867 aisles, and in 1895 he added a new south-west steeple. The Pearson work is faced externally with stock brick with stone dressings, contrasting with the flint facings of the aisles.
Pearson's building is typical of his major churches, and shares characteristic features with such buildings as St Stephen, Bournemouth, All Saints, Hove, St Augustine, Kilburn and St John, South Norwood. The nave has five bays with arcades and clerestory. The west entrance is under a stone vaulted gallery and the timber roof is supported on stone transverse arches carried on shafts attached to the older arcade pillars. The three-bay chancel is narrower, the space being occupied by passage aisles for the western two bays, separating the chancel from a chapel on the south and organ chamber on the north. The south-west steeple rises to 185 ft. The tower has shallow set-back buttresses and a short octagonal spire with corner spirelets and single lucarnes. The eight bells are by Mears & Stainbank, 1895, rehung in 1972.
The interior is entirely faced with stone. The windows contain an almost complete series of stained glass installed by Clayton & Bell under Pearson's direction. The handsome triptych reredos, designed by Pearson, 1898, with small panel paintings in an elaborate gilded frame, has been recently conserved and regilded. There is a fine iron chancel screen of 1910, and the organ is by Willis, 1897, rebuilt by Hill, Norman & Beard in 1968. The marble pulpit, featuring the raising of Lazarus, and the font, in the form of a kneeling angel, date from 1882. The churchyard wall, of knapped flints, was built in 1867.
It is understood that the vestry was erected by F L Pearson after his father's death, but probably following his plans. It stands alongside the organ chamber, which forms an eastward extension of the North aisle, with a three-light window with Geometrical traces, in the east gable.
The vestry consists of a western section forming the choir vestry, gabled at right-angles to the aisle. with a three-light window in the north gable, and entered by a doorway in the west wall, and a clergy vestry to the east with a flat roof concealed by a straight moulded parapet with an east window of four small equal arched lights. To the west of the vestry is a small extension housing a boiler room.

</doc>
<doc id="20501800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501800" title="William Wither Beach">
William Wither Beach

William Wither Bramston Beach, PC (25 December 1826 – 3 August 1901) was an English Conservative politician, who served in the House of Commons for 44 years between 1857 and 1901, becoming Father of the House of Commons until he was run over by a cab.
Biography.
Beach was the son of William Beach of Oakley Hall, Hampshire and his wife Jane Henrietta Browne daughter of John Browne of Salperton Park, Gloucestershire . His family was connected to the Hicks Beach baronets. Beach was educated at Eton and Christ Church, Oxford where he excelled as an athlete. He was a J. P. for Hampshire and Hon. Major of the Hampshire Yeomanry Cavalry.
In 1857 Beach was elected Member of Parliament for North Hampshire. He held the seat until the seat was reorganised under the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885. He was then elected MP for Andover and held the seat until his death in 1901. In the House of Commons, he spoke little but did much hard work in committee and was appointed a Privy Councillor in January 1900. He died at the age of 75 after being run over by a cab.
Beach married Caroline Chichester Clevland, daughter of Colonel Augustus Clevland of Tapeley Park, North Devon in 1857. They lived at Oakley Hall, near Basingstoke.

</doc>
<doc id="20501802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501802" title="Press check (printing)">
Press check (printing)

While errors should have been corrected during the Color Proofing and proofreading stages, the main purpose of a press check is to make sure that the color on press comes as close as possible to the color proof. Color proofs are valuable guides, but due to the inherent differences between color proofing techniques and printing itself, proofs will match the printed sheet with varying degrees of exactness.
Areas that are commonly evaluated at a press check are:
Post press check.
While some printing jobs are delivered as printed, most printing is usually not complete until it is converted into a "finished" product. Post press includes various types of finish work such as trimming, embossing, foiling, die-cutting, scoring, folding and bindery. Post press checking can include:

</doc>
<doc id="20501806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501806" title="Vito Lavelua II">
Vito Lavelua II

Vito Lavelua II was a king of Uvea, ruling from 1895 until 1904. He was preceded by Amelia Tokagahahau Aliki, and succeeded by Lusiano Aisake.

</doc>
<doc id="20501814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501814" title="Real-time adaptive security">
Real-time adaptive security

Real-time Adaptive Security is the network security model necessary to accommodate the emergence of multiple perimeters and moving parts on the network, and increasingly advanced threats targeting enterprises. Adaptive security can watch a network for malicious traffic and behavioral anomalies, ferret out end point vulnerabilities, identify real-time changes to systems, automatically enforce end point protections and access rules, block malicious traffic, follow a compliance dashboard while providing audit data, and more. 
Among the key features of an adaptive security infrastructure are security platforms that share and correlate information rather than point solutions, so the heuristics system could communicate its suspicions to the firewall. Other features include finer-grained controls, automation (in addition to human intervention), on-demand security services, security as a service, and integration of security and management data. Rather than adding security to custom applications after they go operational, security models would be created at the design phase of an app.
A major change with this model of real-time adaptive security is shifting authorization management and policy to an on-demand service that contains details and policy enforcement that matches compliance and can adapt to the user’s situation when he or she is trying to access an application, for instance.

</doc>
<doc id="20501820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501820" title="Lusiano Aisake">
Lusiano Aisake

Lusiano Aisake was a king of Uvea, ruling from 1904 until 1906. He was preceded by Vito Lavelua II and succeeded by Sosefo Mautāmakia I.

</doc>
<doc id="20501823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501823" title="Stanisław Bergman">
Stanisław Bergman


</doc>
<doc id="20501824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501824" title="Melanogastraceae">
Melanogastraceae

Melanogastraceae is a family of fungi in the order Boletales.

</doc>
<doc id="20501836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501836" title="Neferthenut">
Neferthenut

Neferthenut was an Ancient Egyptian queen of the Twelfth Dynasty. She was most likely the wife of Senusret III.
Neferthenut was "king’s wife", "member of the elite" (iryt-pat) and "she who sees Horus and Seth". She is so far only known from her sarcophagus and from fragments from the chapel found next to her pyramid, which was part of the pyramid complex of Senusret III at Dahshur. The position of her tomb, next to the pyramid of king Senusret III makes it highly likely that she was his wife. D. Arnold, who re-excavated the pyramid complex and the tomb of the queen noted the low quality of the inscription on her sarcophagus, which is in stark contrast to the sarcophagi of other royal women buried next to the pyramid. Her tomb was found robbed, only two mace heads were discovered by Jacques de Morgan who excavated the tomb first in 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="20501837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501837" title="Protogaster">
Protogaster

Protogastraceae is a family of fungi in the order Boletales that contains the single genus Protogaster. The genus in turn contains the single species Protogaster rhizophilus, found on the roots of "Viola" in the USA. The family was described by American mycologist Sanford Myron Zeller in 1934, the genus and species by Roland Thaxter.

</doc>
<doc id="20501841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501841" title="Sosefo Mautāmakia I">
Sosefo Mautāmakia I

Sosefo Mautāmakia I was a king of Uvea, ruling from 1906 until 1910 and again from 1931 until 1933. He was preceded the first time by Lusiano Aisake, and succeeded by Soane-Patita Lavuia; the second time he succeeded Mikaele Tufele II, and was followed by Petelo Kahofuna.

</doc>
<doc id="20501842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501842" title="Rhizopogonaceae">
Rhizopogonaceae

Rhizopogonaceae are a family of fungi in the order Boletales. The family, first named and described by botanists Ernst Albert Gäumann and Carroll William Dodge in 1928, contains 3 genera and 152 species.

</doc>
<doc id="20501854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501854" title="Virgin and Child with Saint Anne">
Virgin and Child with Saint Anne

The Virgin and Child with Saint Anne or Madonna and Child with Saint Anne is a subject in Christian art showing Saint Anne with her daughter, the Virgin Mary, and her grandson Jesus. This depiction has been popular in Germany and neighboring countries since the 14th century. Names in other languages include Dutch "Anna te Drieën", French "Anne Trinitaire", German "Anna Selbdritt", Italian "Anna Metterza", and Slovene "Ana Samotretja".
Mother and daughter.
The relationship of St. Anne to the immaculate conception of her daughter is not explicit, but her mystical participation is implied in the nested framing of her embrace of her virgin daughter embracing her divine grandson. This should not be confused with the perpetual virginity of Mary or the virgin birth of Jesus. Although the belief was widely held since at least Late Antiquity, the doctrine was not formally proclaimed until December 8, 1854 in the Western Latin Rite, and never explicitly so in the Eastern churches; see discussion on dogma below. Similar works featuring mother and daughter resemble that of the Throne of Wisdom, a pairing of mother and daughter known as the . The Virgin and Child with Saint Anne is distinct from the triangular composition featuring the infant Jesus yet relates the same mystery: an open book represents the immanence of "Logos" or Incarnate Word at all times in time and space, even before the common era prior to his Nativity. A trinitarian action of grace is implied: creator Father, redeemer Son, reflexive procession of the Holy Spirit (indicated by the vertically-tiered arrangement with Christ pointing back at his mother and grandmother. 
Dogma in word and image.
In the 13th century the general opinion was that the title Immaculate Conception was appropriately deferential to the Mother of God, but it could not be seen how to resolve the problem that only with Christ's death would the stain of original sin be removed. The great philosophers and theologians of the West were divided on the subject: the Dominican St. Thomas Aquinas siding with those who declined to defend the doctrine definitively and Blessed Duns Scotus attacked for his novel philosophical definition founded in Christological theology. It took a further five hundred years for this profoundly simply teaching to be proclaimed universally by Pope Pius IX in 1854. The subtle radial arrangement centered on Christ within the superficially vertical art form makes the point more succinctly than many learned words. 
The creedal statement ""and (from) the Son"" adopted in the Christian West expresses a trifold mystery of Divine action: preserving his mother from the effects of sin through the merits of self-emptying obedience of the son to his Father at his passion and death. Grace perfects nature. Eastern Orthodox creedal expressions are not explicit on the mutual participation of the three persons of the Holy Trinity. The mystery of Mary's immaculate conception was also implied in depictions of her parents' chaste embrace meeting at the Golden Gate, the threshold of the Holy city of Jerusalem, a convention that symbolizes close proximity to (and participation with) the celestial Kingdom. In Jewish tradition, the Golden Gate this is that through which the Messiah will enter Jerusalem. Duns Scotus also taught the universal primacy of Christ as applied to the redemption of all souls not just that of Mary, the underlying rationale for the feast of Christ the King instituted in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="20501872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501872" title="Soane-Patita Lavuia">
Soane-Patita Lavuia

Soane-Patita Lavuia was a king of Uvea, ruling from 1910 until 1916. He was preceded by Sosefo Mautāmakia I, and succeeded by Sosefo Mautāmakia II.

</doc>
<doc id="20501886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501886" title="Sosefo Mautāmakia II">
Sosefo Mautāmakia II

Sosefo Mautāmakia II was a king of Uvea, ruling from 1916 until 1918. He was preceded by Soane-Patita Lavuia, and succeeded by Vitolo Kulihaapai.

</doc>
<doc id="20501899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501899" title="Vitolo Kulihaapai">
Vitolo Kulihaapai

Vitolo Kulihaapai was a king of Uvea, ruling from 1918 until 1924. He was preceded by Sosefo Mautāmakia II, and succeeded by Tomasi Kulimoetoke I.

</doc>
<doc id="20501913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501913" title="American Gulf War Veterans Association">
American Gulf War Veterans Association

The American Gulf War Veterans Association (AGWVA) has the purpose of obtaining treatment for service members with "Gulf War Illness". Additionally, AGWVA seeks just compensation for service connected illnesses and injuries, and to support and fight for veterans rights.

</doc>
<doc id="20501947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501947" title="Albert Conway">
Albert Conway

Albert Conway (April 3, 1889, Brooklyn, Kings County, New York – May 18, 1969, Brooklyn, New York City) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. He was Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 1955 to 1959.
Life.
He was the son of Joseph P. Conway and Jane Lucille (Flanagan) Conway. He graduated from Fordham University Law School in 1911. In 1917, he married Irene Hewitt (d. 1929). Afterwards he married Alice O'Neil (d. 1978).
He was an alternate delegate to the 1928 Democratic National Convention. In 1928, he ran for New York State Attorney General but was defeated by Republican Hamilton Ward, Jr. Early in 1929, Governor Franklin D. Roosevelt appointed Conway as New York State Superintendent of Insurance. 
In June 1930, he was appointed County Judge of Kings County to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of W. Bernard Vause. He was a justice of the New York Supreme Court from 1931 to 1939, on the Appellate Division from 1937 on. In 1939, he conducted an extraordinary term of the Supreme Court at Buffalo, New York, presiding over a special grand jury investigation of Buffalo city affairs. 
In December 1939, he was appointed a judge of the New York Court of Appeals to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of John F. O'Brien. In November 1940, he was elected on the Democratic and American Labor tickets to a full 14-year term. He was elected on the Democratic, Republican and Liberal tickets Chief Judge in 1954, and retired from the bench at the end of 1959 when he reached the constitutional age limit of 70 years. 
He died at the Methodist Hospital in Brooklyn.

</doc>
<doc id="20501950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501950" title="Tomasi Kulimoetoke I">
Tomasi Kulimoetoke I

Tomasi Kulimoetoke I was a king of Uvea, ruling from 1924 until 1928. He was preceded by Vitolo Kulihaapai, and succeeded by Mikaele Tufele II.

</doc>
<doc id="20501965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501965" title="Ford Motor Company of Argentina">
Ford Motor Company of Argentina

Ford Motor Argentina is a subsidiary of Ford Motor Company and was founded in Buenos Aires in 1913.
Its first products were Model Ts assembled from Complete Knock Down (CKD) kits provided by Ford Motor Company in 1917. Nevertheless, Ford Motor Argentina is best known in more recent times for producing the Ford Focus and, previously, the Argentine version of the Ford Falcon, originally a US model introduced in Argentina in 1961, but adapted to the Argentine market.
History.
In 1913, Ford entered the Argentine market, and in 1917, Buenos Aires became home to the first assembly operation of Ford products in Latin America, in 1922 a stamping and assembly factory was inaugurated in La Boca. At that time the products were marketed through a net composed of 285 dealers. The administrative staff and the personnel of paid workers came to 400. Later, and due to the rising demand the plant was enlarged, coming its staff to 1,500 people.
In 1939, with the Second World War outbreak, the importation of vehicles and components is closed. The production was restricted to finishing the units with the available material, but the increasing lack of basic supplies for the production forced to stop the activity. During this time, Ford manufactured batteries and it attended its clients with the sale of spare parts and car accessories made in local repair shops. Later, this would give rise to the beginning of the Argentinean auto part industry.
In 1957 Ford Motor Argentina activities restarted in its La Boca facilities with the first commercial vehicles of the "F" line pick ups produced. This manufacturing plant originally opened in 1925 for the production of the Ford Model T. In 1962 the "F" line pick ups began to be produced at the Pacheco Assembly Plant. The former Ford Motor Argentina S.A. was incorporated in 1959.
Autolatina joint venture.
In 1987, Autolatina Argentina was formed by the merger of Ford Motor Argentina and Volkswagen Argentina. Each brand maintained their own corporate image, the marketing and sales structures, as well as independent dealerships and service shops. All other departments were consolidated, allowing significant cost cutting, but also cutting the workforce almost in half. Sales figures and profitability were disappointing and the joint venture was dissolved in 1994, and on 1 January 1995, Ford Argentina S.A. was reestablished. Under the Autolatina separation plans, Ford became sole owner of the Pacheco plant, which was modified to incorporate the production of the Escort car and Ranger pick-ups. (Volkswagen acquired the existing truck plant and converted it for car assembly.)
In December 1996, all Ford Argentina plants and the Customer Assistance Division obtained ISO 9002 certification and in April 1999, Pacheco Assembly Plant obtained ISO 14001 certification.
In August 2000 the production of the Ford Focus started in Pacheco Plant, and the Focus was honored as the "Car of the Year" in Argentina by two different councils of journalists.
In 2000, Ford held 14.9% of the market share, ranking second in the market. Market participation was 13.4% in cars and 18.9% in trucks; where Ford maintains leadership, production volume was 56.300 units. Ford ranked first among automotive manufacturers regarding exports.
In 2007, Ford has 12.8% market share, ranking third after Peugeot-Citroën (28.5%) and General Motors (20.5%) with a production volume of over 64.000 units.
With over 95 years of industrial presence in Argentina, Ford is a highly appreciated brand in Argentina, with a very positive image. Ford was elected as the brand of the century. Its production facilities are dedicated to supply products for the domestic market and to exports to several countries. A large portion of its production is exported, making Ford among the export leaders in the country.
Argentine "Dirty War".
Ford Motor Company of Argentina was accused of collaborating with the Argentine 1976-1983 military dictatorship, actively helping in the political repression of intellectuals and dissidents that was pursued by said government. No result was proven and the company denied the allegations.
In a lawsuit initiated in 1996 by relatives of some of the estimated 30,000 Argentine citizens who disappeared during the "Dirty War", evidence was presented to support the allegation that much of this repression was directed by Ford and the other major industrial firms. According to a 5,000-page report, Ford executives drew up lists of "subversive" workers and handed them over to the military task-forces which were allowed to operate within the factories. These groups allegedly kidnapped, tortured and murdered workers—at times allegedly within the plants themselves. The company denied the allegations.
In a second trial, a report brought by the CTA, and the testimonies of former Ford workers themselves, claimed that the company's Argentine factory was used between 1976 and 1978 as a detention center, and that management allowed the military to set up its own bunker inside the plant. The company denied the allegations.
Ford in South America.
In South America, Ford's primary operations are in Brazil, Argentina and Ford Andina (Venezuela, Colombia and Ecuador). Ford employs over 18,000 people and operates seven assembly or other plants in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="20501972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501972" title="Mikaele Tufele II">
Mikaele Tufele II

Mikaele Tufele II was a king of Uvea, ruling from 1928 until 1931, and again for a brief time in 1933. He was preceded by Tomasi Kulimoetoke I, and succeeded by Sosefo Mautāmakia I; he then succeeded Petelo Kahofuna, and was succeeded in turn by Leone Manikitoga.

</doc>
<doc id="20501991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501991" title="Hitoshi Okamoto">
Hitoshi Okamoto

During live performances as a solo artist, Okamoto sometimes plays "Garnet Crow" songs, or even invites the other Garnet members to appear as guest musicians. In "Garnet Crow" live performances, Okamoto provides back-up vocals in addition to playing the guitar. Occasionally he will even perform a song as the lead singer.
Okamoto is also the host of the radio show "Pastime Paradise", on the Japanese radio station Alpha Station (FM Kyoto 89.4).

</doc>
<doc id="20501992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501992" title="Petelo Kahofuna">
Petelo Kahofuna

Petelo Kahofuna was a king of Uvea, ruling briefly in 1933. He was preceded by Sosefo Mautāmakia I, and succeeded by Mikaele Tufele II.

</doc>
<doc id="20501999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20501999" title="Burn Burn (album)">
Burn Burn (album)

Burn Burn is the seventh studio album by Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace, released in North America on July 21, 2009. The album's title is based on a quote by Jack Kerouac from his 1957 novel "On the Road".
The album, recorded at vocalist Raine Maida's home studio in Los Angeles between 2007 and 2009, was released independent of any major label under the band's longtime management company Coalition Entertainment. Sony Music (the band's previous label) distributed the album in Canada, and WMG's Independent Label Group did so in the United States.
"Burn Burn" is Our Lady Peace's first album not to have involved collaboration with an outside producer, having instead been produced by band vocalist Raine Maida. The album's release marked the longest gap between Our Lady Peace studio albums to date, with their previous album, "Healthy in Paranoid Times", having been released in August 2005. At 38 minutes, "Burn Burn" is also their shortest album.
Album history.
Production on "Burn Burn" began in February 2007, several months before the release of bandleader Raine Maida's solo album "The Hunter's Lullaby". According to Maida, "Burn Burn" is a "proper rock album"—featuring a return to the raw originality of the band's first album "Naveed", though a "little more mature".
Maida produced the album himself, noting how he was excited to "not have anybody intrude on sessions". The band had previously worked with producer Bob Rock for their two preceding albums, as well as Arnold Lanni for their first four albums.
Having been defunct since 2007, the official Our Lady Peace fansite was relaunched on March 11, 2009 in anticipation of "Burn Burn". The album's original cover was revealed with the relaunch, and on May 1 was officially changed to portray a darker and more simplistic tone than the original.
"Burn Burn" finished production in early March 2009, and the first single "All You Did Was Save My Life" was released on May 25. The album, as well as a deluxe edition entitled "Burn Burn Burn", was released in North America on July 21, 2009. "Burn Burn" debuted at #3 on the Canadian Albums Chart, selling over 11,000 copies in its first week.
Critical reception.
"Burn Burn" received generally favourable reviews, with "PopMatters" calling it "their most intimate, immediate album to date". "Allmusic" compared the album's sound to latter-day Goo-Goo Dolls and 1980s U2, but also noted that the album "remain(s) deficient in hooks and melodies", and that the music "simmered" instead of having "boiled with indignation" as it did in the band's previous albums.
"Billboard" praised the seventh track "Never Get Over You" as a "killer ballad", but ultimately criticized the album for being too "ballad-heavy" and "one dimensional"."Burn Burn" doesn't particularly sound like anything Our Lady Peace has done in the past, according to "Sputnikmusic", but "maybe that is what is so exciting about (it)".
Songs.
The album contains 10 tracks of the 16 that were composed—and is approximately 38 minutes in length. Lyrics were mostly written by Raine Maida, and the first track was co-written by Maida and former The Nixons vocalist Zac Maloy.
The official tracklisting for "Burn Burn" was released in May 2009, but was altered in early June to replace the track "The Right Stuff" with "The End is Where We Begin". Sequencing of remaining tracks was also affected by the change. A "Deluxe Edition" of the album was also released, retitled "Burn Burn Burn", with bonus tracks "The Right Stuff" and "Time Bomb" included, as well as a bonus DVD with studio performance footage and music videos for "All You Did Was Save My Life" and bonus track "The Right Stuff."
Personnel.
Additional background vocals on "Signs of Life" by Eladio Reyes.

</doc>
<doc id="20502011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502011" title="Leone Manikitoga">
Leone Manikitoga

Leone Manikitoga was a king of Uvea, ruling from 1941 until 1947. He was preceded by Mikele Tufele II, and succeeded by Pelenato Fuluhea.

</doc>
<doc id="20502015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502015" title="Aphelariaceae">
Aphelariaceae

The Aphelariaceae are a family of fungi in the order Cantharellales. The family contains a small group of tropical and subtropical clavarioid fungi, but is not well characterized and has not been the subject of published research.
Taxonomy.
The family was described in 1970 by British mycologist E.J.H. Corner to accommodate species of club and coral fungi that were similar to species in the Clavariaceae, but whose context hyphae were uninflated. As well as the genus "Aphelaria", Corner included the small genera "Corticirama", "Phaeoaphelaria", and "Tumidapexus" within the Aphelariaceae. No research has been published on the family, though several standard reference works have recognized the Aphelariaceae, placed it within the order Cantharellales, and moved the genus "Corticirama" elsewhere, though the basis for these dispositions is unclear.
Habitat and distribution.
Members of the Aphelariaceae (excluding "Corticirama") are terrestrial and typically found in woodland, but it is not known whether they are saprotrophic (litter-rotting) or ectomycorrhizal. Just over 20 species are currently placed within the family, most of them from the tropics and subtropics, extending southwards into temperate regions (New Zealand). 

</doc>
<doc id="20502020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502020" title="Percy Bysshe Shelley">
Percy Bysshe Shelley

Percy Bysshe Shelley (; 4 August 17928 July 1822) was one of the major English Romantic poets and is regarded by critics as amongst the finest lyric poets in the English language. A radical in his poetry as well as his political and social views, Shelley did not achieve fame during his lifetime, but recognition for his poetry grew steadily following his death. Shelley was a key member of a close circle of visionary poets and writers that included Lord Byron; Leigh Hunt; Thomas Love Peacock; and his own second wife, Mary Shelley, the author of "Frankenstein".
Shelley is perhaps best known for such classic poems as "Ozymandias", "Ode to the West Wind", "To a Skylark", "Music, When Soft Voices Die", "The Cloud" and "The Masque of Anarchy." His other major works include long, visionary poems such as "Queen Mab" (later reworked as "The Daemon of the World"), "Alastor", "The Revolt of Islam", "Adonaïs", the unfinished work "The Triumph of Life"; and the visionary verse dramas "The Cenci" (1819) and "Prometheus Unbound" (1820).
His close circle of admirers, however, included some progressive thinkers of the day, including his future father-in-law, the philosopher William Godwin. Though Shelley's poetry and prose output remained steady throughout his life, most publishers and journals declined to publish his work for fear of being arrested themselves for blasphemy or sedition. Shelley did not live to see success and influence, although these reach down to the present day not only in literature, but in major movements in social and political thought.
Shelley became an idol of the next three or four generations of poets, including important Victorian and Pre-Raphaelite poets such as Robert Browning and Dante Gabriel Rossetti. He was admired by Oscar Wilde, Thomas Hardy, George Bernard Shaw, Bertrand Russell, W. B. Yeats, Karl Marx, Upton Sinclair and Isadora Duncan. Henry David Thoreau's civil disobedience was apparently influenced by Shelley's non-violence in protest and political action.
Life.
Education.
The eldest legitimate son of Sir Timothy Shelley — a Whig Member of Parliament for Horsham from 1790-92 and for Shoreham from 1806-12; and his wife Elizabeth Pilford, a Sussex landowner, Shelley was born 4 August 1792 at Field Place, Broadbridge Heath, near Horsham, West Sussex, England. He had four younger sisters and one much younger brother. He received his early education at home, tutored by the Reverend Evan Edwards of nearby Warnham. His cousin and lifelong friend Thomas Medwin, who lived nearby, recounted his early childhood in his "The Life of Percy Bysshe Shelley". It was a happy and contented childhood spent largely in country pursuits such as fishing and hunting.
In 1802, he entered the Syon House Academy of Brentford, Middlesex. In 1804, Shelley entered Eton College, where he fared poorly, and was subjected to an almost daily mob torment at around noon by older boys, who aptly called these incidents "Shelley-baits". Surrounded, the young Shelley would have his books torn from his hands and his clothes pulled at and torn until he cried out madly in his high-pitched "cracked soprano" of a voice. This daily misery could be attributed to Shelley's refusal to take part in fagging and his indifference towards games and other youthful activities. Because of these peculiarities he acquired the nickname "Mad Shelley". Shelley possessed a keen interest in science at Eton, which he would often apply to cause a surprising amount of mischief for a boy considered to be so sensible. Shelley would often use a frictional electric machine to charge the door handle of his room, much to the amusement of his friends. His friends were particularly amused when his gentlemanly tutor, Mr Bethell, in attempting to enter his room, was alarmed at the noise of the electric shocks, despite Shelley's dutiful protestations. His mischievous side was again demonstrated by 'his last bit of naughtiness at school', which was to blow up a tree on Eton's South Meadow with gunpowder. Despite these jocular incidents, a contemporary of Shelley, W.H. Merie, recalls that Shelley made no friends at Eton, although he did seek a kindred spirit without success.
On 10 April 1810, he matriculated at University College, Oxford. Legend has it that Shelley attended only one lecture while at Oxford, but frequently read sixteen hours a day. His first publication was a Gothic novel, "Zastrozzi" (1810), in which he vented his early atheistic worldview through the villain Zastrozzi. In the same year, Shelley, together with his sister Elizabeth, published "Original Poetry by Victor and Cazire". While at Oxford, he issued a collection of verses (ostensibly burlesque but quite subversive), "Posthumous Fragments of Margaret Nicholson", with Thomas Jefferson Hogg.
In 1811, Shelley published his second Gothic novel, "St. Irvyne; or, The Rosicrucian", and a pamphlet called "The Necessity of Atheism". The latter gained the attention of the university administration and he was called to appear before the College's fellows, including the Dean, George Rowley. His refusal to repudiate the authorship of the pamphlet resulted in his expulsion from Oxford on 25 March 1811, along with Hogg. The rediscovery in mid-2006 of Shelley's long-lost "Poetical Essay on the Existing State of Things" — a long, strident anti-monarchical and anti-war poem printed in 1811 in London by Crosby and Company as "by a gentleman of the University of Oxford" — gives a new dimension to the expulsion, reinforcing Hogg's implication of political motives ("an affair of party"). Shelley was given the choice to be reinstated after his father intervened, on the condition that he would have to recant his avowed views. His refusal to do so led to a falling-out with his father.
Marriage.
Four months after being expelled, on 28 August 1811, the 19-year-old Shelley eloped to Scotland with the 16-year-old Harriet Westbrook, a pupil at the same boarding school as Shelley's sisters, whom his father had forbidden him to see. Harriet Westbrook had been writing Shelley passionate letters threatening to kill herself because of her unhappiness at the school and at home. Shelley, heartbroken after the failure of his romance with his cousin, Harriet Grove, cut off from his mother and sisters, and convinced he had not long to live, impulsively decided to rescue Harriet Westbrook and make her his beneficiary. Harriet Westbrook's 28-year-old sister Eliza, to whom Harriet was very close, appears to have encouraged the young girl's infatuation with the future baronet. The Westbrooks pretended to disapprove but secretly encouraged the elopement. Sir Timothy Shelley, however, outraged that his son had married beneath him (Harriet's father, though prosperous, had kept a tavern) revoked Shelley's allowance and refused ever to receive the couple at Field Place. Shelley invited his friend Hogg to share his ménage but asked him to leave when Hogg made advances to Harriet. Harriet also insisted that her sister Eliza, whom Shelley detested, live with them. Shelley was also at this time increasingly involved in an intense platonic relationship with Elizabeth Hitchener, a 28-year-old unmarried schoolteacher of advanced views, with whom he had been corresponding. Hitchener, whom Shelley called the "sister of my soul" and "my second self", became his muse and confidante in the writing of his philosophical poem "Queen Mab", a Utopian allegory.
During this period, Shelley travelled to Keswick in England's Lake District, where he visited the poet Robert Southey, under the mistaken impression that Southey was still a political radical. Southey, who had himself been expelled from the Westminster School for opposing flogging, was taken with Shelley and predicted great things for him as a poet. He also informed Shelley that William Godwin, author of "Political Justice", which had greatly influenced him in his youth, and which Shelley also admired, was still alive. Shelley wrote to Godwin, offering himself as his devoted disciple and informing Godwin that he was "the son of a man of fortune in Sussex" and "heir by entail to an estate of 6,000 £ per an." Godwin, who supported a large family and was chronically penniless, immediately saw in Shelley a source of his financial salvation. He wrote asking for more particulars about Shelley's income and began advising him to reconcile with Sir Timothy. Meanwhile, Sir Timothy's patron, the Duke of Norfolk, a former Catholic who favoured Catholic Emancipation, was also vainly trying to reconcile Sir Timothy and his son, whose political career the Duke wished to encourage. A maternal uncle ultimately supplied money to pay Shelley's debts, but Shelley's relationship with the Duke may have influenced his decision to travel to Ireland. In Dublin, Shelley published his "Address to the Irish People", priced at fivepence, "the lowest possible price" to "awaken in the minds of the Irish poor a knowledge of their real state, summarily pointing out the evils of that state and suggesting a rational means of remedy – Catholic Emancipation and a repeal of the Union Act (the latter the most successful engine that England ever wielded over the misery of fallen Ireland)." His activities earned him the unfavourable attention of the British government.
Shelley was increasingly unhappy in his marriage to Harriet and particularly resented the influence of her older sister Eliza, who discouraged Harriet from breastfeeding their baby daughter (Elizabeth Ianthe Shelley [1813–76]). Shelley accused Harriet of having married him for his money. Craving more intellectual female companionship, he began spending more time away from home, among other things, studying Italian with Cornelia Turner and visiting the home and bookshop of William Godwin. Eliza and Harriet moved back with their parents.
Shelley's mentor Godwin had three highly educated daughters, two of whom, Fanny Imlay and Claire Clairmont, were his adopted step-daughters. Godwin's first wife, the celebrated feminist Mary Wollstonecraft, author of "A Vindication of the Rights of Woman", had died giving birth to Godwin's biological daughter Mary Wollstonecraft Godwin, named after her mother. Fanny had been the illegitimate daughter of Mary Wollstonecraft and her lover, the diplomat speculator and writer, Gilbert Imlay. Claire was the illegitimate daughter of Godwin's much younger second wife, Mary Jane Clairmont Godwin, whom Shelley considered a vulgar woman – "not a proper person to form the mind of a young girl", he is supposed to have said. The brilliant Mary was being educated in Scotland when Shelley first became acquainted with the Godwin family. When she returned Shelley fell madly in love with her, repeatedly threatening to commit suicide if she didn't return his affections.
On 28 July 1814, Shelley abandoned Harriet, now pregnant with their son Charles (November 1814 – 1826) and (in imitation of the hero of one of Godwin's novels) he ran away to Switzerland with Mary, then 16, inviting her stepsister Claire Clairmont (also 16) along because she could speak French. The older sister Fanny, was left behind, to her great dismay, for she, too, had fallen in love with Shelley. The three sailed to Europe, and made their way across France to Switzerland on foot, reading aloud from the works of Rousseau, Shakespeare, and Mary's mother, Mary Wollstonecraft (an account of their travels was subsequently published by the Shelleys). 
After six weeks, homesick and destitute, the three young people returned to England. The enraged William Godwin refused to see them, though he still demanded money, to be given to him under another name, to avoid scandal. In late 1815, while living in a cottage in Bishopsgate, Surrey, with Mary and avoiding creditors, Shelley wrote "Alastor, or The Spirit of Solitude." It attracted little attention at the time, but has now come to be recognised as his first major achievement. At this point in his writing career, Shelley was deeply influenced by the poetry of Wordsworth.
Byron.
In mid-1816, Shelley and Mary made a second trip to Switzerland. They were prompted to do this by Mary's stepsister Claire Clairmont, who, in competition with her sister, had initiated a liaison with Lord Byron the previous April just before his self-exile on the continent. Byron's interest in her had waned and Claire used the opportunity of introducing him to the Shelleys to act as bait to lure him to Geneva. The Shelleys and Byron rented neighbouring houses on the shores of Lake Geneva. Regular conversation with Byron had an invigorating effect on Shelley's output of poetry. While on a boating tour the two took together, Shelley was inspired to write his "Hymn to Intellectual Beauty", often considered his first significant production since "Alastor". A tour of Chamonix in the French Alps inspired "Mont Blanc", a poem in which Shelley claims to have pondered questions of historical inevitability (determinism) and the relationship between the human mind and external nature. Shelley also encouraged Byron to begin an epic poem on a contemporary subject, advice that resulted in Byron's composition of "Don Juan". In 1817, Claire gave birth to a daughter by Byron, Alba, later renamed Allegra, whom Shelley offered to support, making provisions for her and for Claire in his will.
Two suicides and a second marriage.
After Shelley and Mary's return to England, Fanny Imlay, Mary's half-sister and Claire's stepsister, despondent over her exclusion from the Shelley household and perhaps unhappy at being omitted from Shelley's will, travelled from Godwin's household in London to kill herself in Wales in early October. On 10 December 1816, the body of Shelley's estranged wife Harriet was found in an advanced state of pregnancy, drowned in the Serpentine in Hyde Park, London. Shelley had generously provided for her and their children in his will and had given her a monthly allowance as had her father. It is thought that Harriet, who had left her children with her sister Eliza and had been living alone under the name of Harriet Smith, mistakenly believed herself to have been abandoned by her new lover, 36-year-old, Lieutenant Colonel Christopher Maxwell, who had been deployed abroad, after a landlady refused to forward his letters to her. On 30 December 1816, a few weeks after Harriet's body was recovered, Shelley and Mary Godwin were married. The marriage was intended, in part, to help secure Shelley's custody of his children by Harriet and also to placate Godwin, who had coldly refused to speak to his daughter for two years, and who now received the couple. The courts, however, awarded custody of Shelley and Harriet's children to foster parents.
The Shelleys took up residence in the village of Marlow, Buckinghamshire, where a friend of Percy's, Thomas Love Peacock, lived. Shelley took part in the literary circle that surrounded Leigh Hunt, and during this period he met John Keats. Shelley's major production during this time was "Laon and Cythna; or, The Revolution of the Golden City", a long narrative poem in which he attacked religion and featured a pair of incestuous lovers. It was hastily withdrawn after only a few copies were published. It was later edited and reissued as "The Revolt of Islam" in 1818. Shelley wrote two revolutionary political tracts under the "nom de plume", "The Hermit of Marlow." On Boxing Day 1817, presumably prompted by travellers' reports of Belzoni's success (where the French had failed) in removing the 'half sunk and shattered visage' of the so-called 'Young Memnon' from the Ramesseum at Thebes, Shelley and his friend Horace Smith began a poem each about the Memnon or 'Ozymandias,' Diodorus's 'King of Kings' who in an inscription on the base of his statue challenged all comers to 'surpass my works'. Within four months of the publication of "Ozymandias" (or Rameses II) his seven-and-a-quarter ton bust arrived in London, just too late for Shelley to have seen it.
Italy.
Early in 1818, the Shelleys and Claire left England to take Claire's daughter, Allegra, to her father Byron, who had taken up residence in Venice. Contact with the older and more established poet encouraged Shelley to write once again. During the latter part of the year, he wrote "Julian and Maddalo", a lightly disguised rendering of his boat trips and conversations with Byron in Venice, finishing with a visit to a madhouse. This poem marked the appearance of Shelley's "urbane style". He then began the long verse drama "Prometheus Unbound", a re-writing of the lost play by the ancient Greek poet Aeschylus, which features talking mountains and a petulant spirit who overthrows Jupiter. Tragedy struck in 1818 and 1819, when Shelley's son Will died of fever in Rome, and his infant daughter Clara Everina died during yet another household move.
A baby girl, Elena Adelaide Shelley, was born on 27 December 1818 in Naples, Italy and registered there as the daughter of Shelley and a woman named "Marina Padurin". However, the identity of the mother is an unsolved mystery. Some scholars speculate that her true mother was actually Claire Clairmont or Elise Foggi, a nursemaid for the Shelley family. Other scholars postulate that she was a foundling Shelley adopted in hopes of distracting Mary after the deaths of William and Clara. Shelley referred to Elena in letters as his "Neapolitan ward". However, Elena was placed with foster parents a few days after her birth and the Shelley family moved on to yet another Italian city, leaving her behind. Elena died 17 months later, on 10 June 1820.
The Shelleys moved between various Italian cities during these years; in later 1818 they were living in Florence, in a pensione on the Via Valfonda. This street now runs alongside Florence's railway station and the building now on the site, the original having been destroyed in World War II, carries a plaque recording the poet's stay. Here they received two visitors, a Miss Sophia Stacey and her much older travelling companion, Miss Corbet Parry-Jones (to be described by Mary as "an ignorant little Welshwoman"). Sophia had for three years in her youth been ward of the poet's aunt and uncle. The pair moved into the same pensione and stayed for about two months. During this period Mary gave birth to another son; Sophia is credited with suggesting that he be named after the city of his birth, so he became Percy Florence Shelley, later Sir Percy. Shelley also wrote his "Ode to Sophia Stacey" during this time. They then moved to Pisa, largely at the suggestion of its resident Margaret King, who, as a former pupil of Mary Wollstonecraft, took a maternal interest in the younger Mary and her companions. This "no nonsense "grande dame"" and her common-law husband George William Tighe inspired the poet with "a new-found sense of radicalism". Tighe was an agricultural theorist, and provided the younger man with a great deal of material on chemistry, biology and statistics.
Shelley completed "Prometheus Unbound" in Rome, and he spent mid-1819 writing a tragedy, "The Cenci", in Leghorn (Livorno). In this year, prompted among other causes by the Peterloo Massacre, he wrote his best-known political poems: "The Masque of Anarchy" and "Men of England." These were probably his best-remembered works during the 19th century. Around this time period, he wrote the essay "The Philosophical View of Reform", which was his most thorough exposition of his political views to that date.
In 1820, hearing of John Keats' illness from a friend, Shelley wrote him a letter inviting him to join him at his residence at Pisa. Keats replied with hopes of seeing him, but instead, arrangements were made for Keats to travel to Rome with the artist Joseph Severn. Inspired by the death of Keats, in 1821 Shelley wrote the elegy "Adonais".
In 1821, Shelley met Edward Ellerker Williams, a British naval officer, and his wife Jane Williams. Shelley developed a very strong affection towards Jane and addressed a number of poems to her. In the poems addressed to Jane, such as "With a Guitar, To Jane" and "One Word is Too Often Profaned", he elevates her to an exalted position worthy of worship.
In 1822, Shelley arranged for Leigh Hunt, the British poet and editor who had been one of his chief supporters in England, to come to Italy with his family. He meant for the three of them — himself, Byron and Hunt — to create a journal, which would be called "The Liberal". With Hunt as editor, their controversial writings would be disseminated, and the journal would act as a counter-blast to conservative periodicals such as "Blackwood's Magazine" and "The Quarterly Review".
Leigh Hunt's son, the editor Thornton Leigh Hunt, when later asked whether he preferred Shelley or Byron as a man, replied:-
Death.
On 8 July 1822, less than a month before his 30th birthday, Shelley drowned in a sudden storm while sailing back from Leghorn (Livorno) to Lerici in his schooner, "Don Juan". He was returning from having set up "The Liberal" with the newly arrived Leigh Hunt. The name "Don Juan", a compliment to Byron, was chosen by Edward John Trelawny, a member of the Shelley–Byron Pisan circle. However, according to Mary Shelley's testimony, Shelley changed it to "Ariel", which annoyed Byron, who forced the painting of the words "Don Juan" on the mainsail. The vessel, an open boat, was custom-built in Genoa for Shelley. It did not capsize but sank; Mary Shelley declared in her "Note on Poems of 1822" (1839) that the design had a defect and that the boat was never seaworthy. In fact the "Don Juan" was seaworthy; the sinking was due to a severe storm and poor seamanship of the three men on board.
Some believed his death was not accidental, that Shelley was depressed in those days and wanted to die. Others said that he did not know how to navigate; or that pirates mistook the boat for Byron's and attacked him; or even more fantastical stories. There is a small amount of material, though scattered and contradictory, describing that Shelley may have been murdered for political reasons. Previously, at Plas Tan-Yr-Allt, the Regency house he rented at Tremadog, near Porthmadog, north-west Wales, from 1812 to 1813, he had allegedly been surprised and apparently attacked during the night by a man who may have been, according to some later writers, an intelligence agent. Shelley, who was in financial difficulties, left forthwith leaving rent unpaid and without contributing to the fund to support the house owner, William Madocks; this may provide another, more plausible explanation for this story.
Two other Englishmen were with Shelley on the boat. One was a retired naval officer, Edward Ellerker Williams; the other was a boatboy, Charles Vivien. The boat was found ten miles (16 km) offshore, and it was suggested that one side of the boat had been rammed and staved in by a much stronger vessel. However, the liferaft was unused and still attached to the boat. The bodies were found completely clothed, including boots.
In his "Recollections of the Last Days of Shelley and Byron", Trelawny noted that the shirt in which Williams's body was clad was "partly drawn over the head, as if the wearer had been in the act of taking it off [...] and was missing one boot, indicating also that he had attempted to strip." Trelawny also relates a supposed deathbed confession by an Italian fisherman who claimed to have rammed Shelley's boat to rob him, a plan confounded by the rapid sinking of the vessel.
Shelley's body washed ashore and later, in keeping with quarantine regulations, was cremated on the beach near Viareggio. The day after the news of his death reached England, the Tory newspaper "The Courier" gloated: "Shelley, the writer of some infidel poetry, has been drowned, "now" he knows whether there is God or no." A reclining statue of Shelley's body, depicting him washed up onto the shore, created by sculptor Edward Onslow Ford at the behest of Shelley's daughter-in-law, Jane, Lady Shelley, is the centrepiece of the Shelley Memorial at University College, Oxford. An 1889 painting by Louis Édouard Fournier, "The Funeral of Shelley" (also known as "The Cremation of Shelley"), contains inaccuracies. In pre-Victorian times it was English custom that women would not attend funerals for health reasons. Mary Shelley did not attend, but was featured in the painting, kneeling at the left-hand side. Leigh Hunt stayed in the carriage during the ceremony but is also pictured. Also, Trelawny, in his account of the recovery of Shelley's body, records that "the face and hands, and parts of the body not protected by the dress, were fleshless," and by the time that the party returned to the beach for the cremation, the body was even further decomposed. In his graphic account of the cremation, he writes of Byron being unable to face the scene, and withdrawing to the beach.
Shelley's ashes were interred in the Protestant Cemetery, Rome, near an ancient pyramid in the city walls. His grave bears the Latin inscription, "Cor Cordium" ("Heart of Hearts"), and, in reference to his death at sea, a few lines of "Ariel's Song" from Shakespeare's "The Tempest": "Nothing of him that doth fade / But doth suffer a sea-change / Into something rich and strange." The grave site is the second in the cemetery. Some weeks after Shelley's ashes had been buried, Trelawny had come to Rome, had not liked his friend's position among a number of other graves, and had purchased what seemed to him a better plot near the old wall. The ashes were exhumed and moved to their present location. Trelawny had purchased the adjacent plot, and over sixty years later his remains were placed there.
A memorial was eventually created for Shelley at the Poets' Corner at Westminster Abbey, along with his old friends, Lord Byron and John Keats.
Shelley's heart.
Shelley's widow Mary bought a cliff-top home at Boscombe, Bournemouth in 1851. She intended to live there with her son, Percy, and his wife Jane, and had her own parents moved to an underground mausoleum in the town. The property is now known as Shelley Manor. When Lady Jane Shelley was to be buried in the family vault, it was discovered that in her copy of "Adonaïs" was an envelope containing ashes, which she had identified as belonging to Shelley the poet. The family had preserved the story that when Shelley's body had been burned, his friend Edward Trelawny had snatched the whole heart from the pyre. These same accounts claim that the heart was buried with Shelley's son, Sir Percy Florence Shelley. All accounts agree, however, that the remains now lie in the vault in the churchyard of St Peter's Church, Bournemouth.
For several years in the 20th century some of Trelawny's collection of Shelley ephemera, including a painting of Shelley as a child, a jacket, and a lock of his hair were on display in "The Shelley Rooms", a small museum at Shelley Manor. When the museum finally closed, these items were returned to Lord Abinger, who descends from a niece of Lady Jane Shelley.
Family history.
Ancestry.
Henry became father to younger Henry Shelley. This younger Henry had at least three sons. The youngest of them Richard Shelley was later married to Joan Fuste, daughter of John Fuste from Itchingfield, near Horsham, West Sussex. Their grandson John Shelley of Fen Place, Turners Hill, West Sussex, was married himself to Helen Bysshe, daughter of Roger Bysshe. Their son Timothy Shelley of Fen Place (born c. 1700) married widow Johanna Plum from New York City. Timothy and Johanna were the great-grandparents of Percy.
Family.
Percy was born to Sir Timothy Shelley (7 September 1753 – 24 April 1844) and his wife Elizabeth Pilfold following their marriage in October 1791. His father was son and heir to Sir Bysshe Shelley, 1st Baronet of Castle Goring (21 June 1731 – 6 January 1815) by his wife Mary Catherine Michell (d. 7 November 1760). His mother was daughter of Charles Pilfold of Effingham. Through his paternal grandmother, Percy was a great-grandson to Reverend Theobald Michell of Horsham. Through his maternal lineage, he was a cousin of Thomas Medwin — a childhood friend and Shelley's biographer
Percy was the eldest of six children. His younger siblings were:
Shelley's uncle, brother to his mother Elizabeth Pilfold, was Captain John Pilfold, a famous Naval Commander who served under Admiral Nelson during the Battle of Trafalgar.
Descendants.
Three children survived Shelley: Ianthe and Charles, his daughter and son by Harriet; and Percy Florence, his son by Mary. Charles, who suffered from tuberculosis, died in 1826 after being struck by lightning during a rainstorm. Percy Florence, who eventually inherited the baronetcy in 1844, died without children. The only lineal descendants of the poet are therefore the children of Ianthe.
Ianthe Eliza Shelley was married in 1837 to Edward Jeffries Esdaile of Cothelstone Manor. The marriage resulted in the birth of one daughter, Una Deane Esdaile, who married Campbell Carlston Thurston and had two children by him. Several members of the Scarlett family were born at Percy Florence's seaside home "Boscombe Manor" in Bournemouth. The 1891 census shows Lady Shelley living at Boscombe Manor with several great nephews.
Idealism.
Shelley's unconventional life and uncompromising idealism, combined with his strong disapproving voice, made him an authoritative and much-denigrated figure during his life and afterward. He became an idol of the next two or three or even four generations of poets, including the important Victorian and Pre-Raphaelite poets Robert Browning, Alfred, Lord Tennyson, Dante Gabriel Rossetti, Algernon Charles Swinburne, as well as Lord Byron, Henry David Thoreau, W. B. Yeats, and Edna St. Vincent Millay, and poets in other languages such as Jan Kasprowicz,Rabindranath Tagore, Jibanananda Das and Subramanya Bharathy.
Nonviolence.
Henry David Thoreau's civil disobedience and Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi's passive resistance were influenced and inspired by Shelley's nonviolence in protest and political action. It is known that Gandhi would often quote Shelley's "Masque of Anarchy", which has been called "perhaps the first modern statement of the principle of nonviolent resistance."
Vegetarianism.
Shelley wrote several essays on the subject of vegetarianism, the most prominent of which were "A Vindication of Natural Diet" (1813) and "On the Vegetable System of Diet".
Shelley, in heartfelt dedication to sentient beings, wrote: "If the use of animal food be, in consequence, subversive to the peace of human society, how unwarrantable is the injustice and the barbarity which is exercised toward these miserable victims. They are called into existence by human artifice that they may drag out a short and miserable existence of slavery and disease, that their bodies may be mutilated, their social feelings outraged. It were much better that a sentient being should never have existed, than that it should have existed only to endure unmitigated misery"; "Never again may blood of bird or beast/ Stain with its venomous stream a human feast,/ To the pure skies in accusation steaming"; and "It is only by softening and disguising dead flesh by culinary preparation that it is rendered susceptible of mastication or digestion, and that the sight of its bloody juices and raw horror does not excite intolerable loathing and disgust." In "Queen Mab: A Philosophical Poem" (1813) he wrote about the change to a vegetarian diet: "And man ... no longer now/ He slays the lamb that looks him in the face,/ And horribly devours his mangled flesh."
Shelley was a strong advocate for social justice for the "lower classes". He witnessed many of the same mistreatments occurring in the domestication and slaughtering of animals, and he became a fighter for the rights of all living creatures that he saw being treated unjustly.
Legacy.
Shelley's mainstream following did not develop until a generation after his death, unlike Lord Byron, who was popular among all classes during his lifetime despite his radical views. For decades after his death, Shelley was mainly appreciated by only the major Victorian poets, the pre-Raphaelites, the socialists and the labour movement. One reason for this was the extreme discomfort with Shelley's political radicalism which led popular anthologists to confine Shelley's reputation to the relatively sanitised "magazine" pieces such as "Ozymandias" or "Lines to an Indian Air".
He was admired by C. S. Lewis, Karl Marx, Henry Stephens Salt, Gregory Corso, George Bernard Shaw, Bertrand Russell, Isadora Duncan, Upton Sinclair, Gabriele d'Annunzio and W. B. Yeats. Samuel Barber, Sergei Rachmaninoff, Roger Quilter, Howard Skempton, John Vanderslice and Ralph Vaughan Williams composed music based on his poems.
Critics such as Matthew Arnold endeavoured to rewrite Shelley's legacy to make him seem a lyricist and a dilettante who had no serious intellectual position and whose longer poems were not worth study. Matthew Arnold famously described Shelley as a "beautiful and ineffectual angel". This position contrasted strongly with the judgement of the previous generation who knew Shelley as a sceptic and radical.
Many of Shelley's works remained unpublished or little known after his death, with longer pieces such as "A Philosophical View of Reform" existing only in manuscript till the 1920s. This contributed to the Victorian idea of him as a minor lyricist. With the inception of formal literary studies in the early twentieth century and the slow rediscovery and re-evaluation of his "oeuvre" by scholars such as Kenneth Neill Cameron, Donald H. Reiman and Harold Bloom, the modern idea of Shelley could not be more different.
Paul Foot, in his "Red Shelley", has documented the pivotal role Shelley's works – especially "Queen Mab" — have played in the genesis of British radicalism. Although Shelley's works were banned from respectable Victorian households, his political writings were pirated by men such as Richard Carlile who regularly went to jail for printing "seditious and blasphemous libel" (i.e. material proscribed by the government), and these cheap pirate editions reached hundreds of activists and workers throughout the nineteenth century.
In other countries such as India, Shelley's works both in the original and in translation have influenced poets such as Rabindranath Tagore and Jibanananda Das. A pirated copy of "Prometheus Unbound" dated 1835 is said to have been seized in that year by customs at Bombay.
The 1970s and 1980s Thames Television sitcom "Shelley" made many references to the poet.
Paul Johnson, in his book "Intellectuals", describes Shelley in a chapter titled "Shelley or the Heartlessness of Ideas ". In the book Johnson describes Shelley as an amoral person, who by borrowing money which he did not intend to return, and by seducing young innocent women who fell for him, destroyed the lives of everybody with whom he had interacted, including his own.
In 2005 the University of Delaware Press published an extensive two-volume biography by James Bieri. In 2008 the Johns Hopkins University Press published Bieri's 856-page one-volume biography, "Percy Bysshe Shelley: A Biography".
The rediscovery in mid-2006 of Shelley's long-lost "Poetical Essay on the Existing State of Things", as noted above and in footnote 6 below, has not been followed up by the work's being published or being made generally available on the internet or anywhere else. At present (November 2009), its whereabouts is not generally known. An analysis of the poem by the only person known to have examined the whole work appeared in the Times Literary Supplement: H. R. Woudhuysen, "Shelley's Fantastic Prank", 12 July 2006.
In 2007, John Lauritsen published his book "The Man Who Wrote "Frankenstein"" in which he argued that Percy Bysshe Shelley's contributions to the novel were much more extensive than had previously been assumed. It has been known and not disputed that Shelley wrote the Preface – although uncredited – and that he contributed at least 4,000–5,000 words to the novel. Lauritsen sought to show that Shelley was the primary author of the novel.
In 2008, Percy Bysshe Shelley was credited as the co-author of "Frankenstein" by Charles E. Robinson in a new edition of the novel entitled "The Original Frankenstein" published by the Bodleian Library in Oxford and by Random House in the US Charles E. Robinson determined that Percy Bysshe Shelley was the co-author of the novel: "He made very significant changes in words, themes and style. The book should now be credited as 'by Mary Shelley with Percy Shelley'."
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="20502028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502028" title="Pelenato Fuluhea">
Pelenato Fuluhea

Pelenato Fuluhea was a king of Uvea, ruling from 1947 until 1950. He was preceded by Leone Manikitoga, and succeeded by Kapeliele Tufele III.

</doc>
<doc id="20502034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502034" title="Kapeliele Tufele III">
Kapeliele Tufele III

Kapeliele Tufele III was a king of Uvea, ruling from 1950 until 1953. He was preceded by Pelenato Fuluhea, and succeeded by Soane Toke.
Uvea is also known as Wallis Island of the Territory of Wallis and Futuna Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20502035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502035" title="Botryobasidiaceae">
Botryobasidiaceae

The Botryobasidiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Cantharellales. The family contains a group of corticioid fungi that form thin, web-like basidiocarps. Some species form asexual anamorphs producing chlamydospores. All are believed to be wood-rotting or litter-rotting saprotrophs. None is known to be of any economic importance.
Taxonomy.
History.
The name Botryobasidioideae was first introduced as a subfamily of the Corticiaceae in 1958 by Swedish mycologist John Eriksson, but was not fully described and validly published until taken up by Estonian mycologist Erast Parmasto in 1968. Parmasto placed the genera "Botryobasidium" (together with the anamorphic genus "Oidium") and "Uthatobasidium" within the subfamily, noting that they shared certain "primitive" characters linking them to the Ceratobasidiaceae and Tulasnellaceae. In 1982 Jülich raised the subfamily to the rank of family, as the Botryobasidiaceae, and placed it in a new order, the Botryobasidiales (which also included the family Botryohypochnaceae). A standard 1995 reference work included within the Botryobasidiaceae the corticioid genera "Botryobasidium", "Botryodontia", "Botryohypochnus" (considered a synonym of "Botryobasidium"), "Candelabrochaete", "Suillosporium", and "Waitea", based mainly on similarities in their basidiocarp micromorphology. The family was placed in the order Stereales.
Current status.
Molecular research, based on cladistic analysis of DNA sequences, has confirmed the Botryobasidiaceae as a separate family, but restricted to the genera "Botryobasidium" and its anamorphs together with "Botryohypochnus" (if distinct). The family is placed alongside the Ceratobasidiaceae and Tulasnellaceae within the order Cantharellales. Genera previously included within the Botryobasidiaceae have now been placed in the Corticiales ("Waitea"), Hymenochaetales ("Botryodontia"), and Polyporales ("Candelabrochaete"). The disposition of "Suillosporium" is as yet unknown.
Habitat and distribution.
According to a 2008 estimate, the Botryobasidiaceae contains around 80 species worldwide. Species are assumed to be wood- and litter-rotting saprotrophs and are typically found on the undersides of fallen, rotting branches in woodland leaf litter. Basidiocarps are thin and ephemeral. None is known to be of any economic importance.

</doc>
<doc id="20502039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502039" title="The Killdares">
The Killdares

"The Killdares" are a Dallas celtic rock group formed in 1996. The group has released four studio albums and two live music projects; the live CD "LIVE" from 2002 and live DVD/dual CD combo "Up Against the Lights" in 2010. The Killdares have played many local Dallas Metroplex festivals including Taste Addison, MayFest, Wildflower! Arts and Music Festival, and Grapefest, and have been featured at the State Fair of Texas for thirteen years.
History.
1996-1998: "Broken with a Word".
The Killdares were founded in 1996 by lead singer and drummer Tim Smith, along with former members Jesse Owsley, Ann Purdy and fiddler Linda Relph. Both Purdy and Owsley left within the first year, while Relph was with the band until 2002. In 1998, the band released their self-produced debut CD, "Broken With A Word"
1999-2002: "A Place to Stand" and "LIVE".
In 2001 The Killdares released "A Place To Stand", which was produced by Chris Bell. This album would be submitted in 2001 for Grammy nominations in 5 categories. 
The Killdares released their third CD in the middle of the 2002. Titled "LIVE", this album songs from their live set list, including cover versions of songs from Big Country, Fairport Convention, and The Ramones.
2002-2004: Transitions.
In 2002 six-time National Fiddle Champion Roberta Rast joined the band. More changes to the lineup would occur in mid-2004 with the addition of James Dunning on rhythm guitar and backing vocals, Stacy Edwards on bass guitar, and Brek Lancaster on lead guitar. Matt Willis joined the band on highland bagpipes in September 2004.
2005-2010: "Any Given Element" and "Secrets of the Day".
In 2005, James Dunning left the band to form Lost Immigrants, but his song-writing was prominently featured on The Killdares' fourth album "Any Given Element" (2005). In mid-2005, Jim Dawson joined the band on bass guitar. This lineup, Tim Smith on lead vocals and drums, Roberta Rast on fiddle and ukulele, Brek Lancaster on lead guitar, Matt Willis on bagpipes and whistles, and Jim Dawson on bass guitar, would go on to record both "Any Given Element" (2005) and "Secrets of the Day" (2008).
For "Secrets of the Day" (2008), The Killdares again worked with producer Ronan Chris Murphy and engineer Chris Bell. The Killdares released "Secrets of the Day" in July 2008 at The House of Blues (Dallas). The album has been submitted for multiple Grammy nominations in six categories including Album of the Year, Best Rock Instrumental, and Contemporary Folk Album.
In 2009, Troy Gallaher would be featured on bass. In 2010-11, the lineup only included four members, with the bass position being filled by special guest players. Gavin Kelso would play bass from January 2010 through April 2011. From April 2011 to present, The Killdares have featured Gary Thorne of the Denton-based band Shaolin Death Squad on bass guitar.
2010 to present: "Up Against the Lights".
On July 30, 2010, The Killdares filmed a live concert at the historic Granada Theater in Dallas, TX. The project became a live dual CD and DVD titled "Up Against the Lights", featuring the same members as in 2010, Tim Smith on lead vocals and drums, Roberta Rast on fiddle and backing vocals, Brek Lancaster on lead guitar and backing vocals, Matt Willis on various bagpipes and backing vocals, and Gavin Kelso listed as a special guest on bass guitar. The dual CD/DVD was released on November 4 at the Angelika Theater in Dallas, TX with a viewing of the DVD on the big screen. 
Bass player Gary Thorne of the Denton-based band Shaolin Death Squad began playing with the band in the middle of 2011. In June of 2013, long-time guitarist Brek Lancaster stepped down and was succeeded by Mike Urness, a guitarist from Denton, TX.
References.
Specific references:

</doc>
<doc id="20502042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502042" title="Conrad Shindler House">
Conrad Shindler House

The Conrad Shindler House is a historic building, now part of The Historic Shepherdstown Museum, in Shepherdstown, West Virginia.
History of the house and property.
Located at 136 West German Street, in Shepherdstown, West Virginia, the Conrad Shindler House, circa 1795, is likely the second house to have been constructed on Lot 17, as the first recorded deed of sale between Thomas Shepherd and George Burket stipulated that to maintain ownership of the property, “owner must build or erect or cause to be built or erected … one good dwelling house twenty feet long and sixteen feet wide with a stone or brick chimney…” So, as the first owner, George Burket (who retained ownership until 1773) likely built a small log structure with a stone or brick chimney at the corner of Princess and German streets. George and his wife Barbary Burket were therefore likely the first European occupants of a structure at Lot 17. Presumably this original structure was torn down and replaced by subsequent owners with the current structure dating to 1795.
Michael Fouke purchased the property and its improvements in 1773 for ₤22 and held it through the American Revolution and into the early nineteenth century when he sold his claim to his sons and daughters. Fouke is known to have practiced carpentry in the Shepherdstown area in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth century which could indicate he was responsible for the construction of the circa 1795 structure. Beyond his role as a carpenter, little has been recorded of his life, yet one account puts Fouke at the launch of James Rumsey’s steam-powered boat on the Potomac River in 1787 where he exclaimed, “Why, sir, she could navigate through the Strait of Gibraltar.” 
Michael Fouke sold his ownership of the lot and its improvements to his children in 1810, but it is reasonable to assume he maintained residence in Shepherdstown with his children as they later preserved a life estate for him. With the vested interests in the home, George, Charles, John, Frederick, Michael, Christian, Phillip, and Elizabeth decided to sell their claims to the property to Conrad Shindler. One deed on November 29, 1813 retained the aforementioned life estate for George’s father, Michael Fouke Sr. This insured a home would be provided for the remainder of the elder Fouke’s life. 
On April 17, 1815, Conrad Shindler gained full ownership of the property when he made a final purchase of claims on Lot 17 from John Fouke for $70. Incidentally, out of the original group of Michael Fouke’s children who purchased the property in 1810, Charles and Phillip never sold their portion of the property, likely due to their death or some other calamity. Nonetheless, by April 1815, Conrad Shindler, a coppersmith and the son of a German immigrant, was the rightful owner of Lot 17 for the combined sum of $530. 
Conrad Shindler’s association with the building lasted officially from 1815 until May 8, 1852 when he died of natural causes.
Conrad Shindler.
Conrad Shindler was born in 1778, the son of Georg Conrad Shindler Sr. of York, Pennsylvania who was a Revolutionary War veteran of the York County Militia. His father made the trip from York County to Berkeley County, Virginia in the early part of the 19th century to settle in the region. Less than a decade later, Conrad Jr. purchased property in Shepherdstown on April 27, 1801, identified as Lot 3. 
Shindler was a coppersmith, working at a yet undocumented forge in the rear of Lot 17. An original Shindler copper kettle is on display at the Historic Shepherdstown Museum in the Entler Hotel.
From the 1815 Jefferson County Personal Property Tax lists it is evident that Shindler owned slaves from the outset of his stay at Lot 17. By 1835 these tax records show Shindler owning three slaves of unmentioned value or sex. By his death in 1852, a full assessment of his personal property was performed in accordance with his last will and testament. The assessment shows that Shindler owned seven slaves of varying ages and sex. Whether or not these slaves occupied the building at Lot 17 is not known; Shindler also owned two tracts of farming land outside town where they may have lived and worked. 
After Shindler died, his property passed to his wife, Elizabeth Shindler, who is recorded in the 1869 Census as a 78-year-old woman living with her eldest son, John. When Mrs. Shindler died in 1869 her property passed to Conrad Shindler's heirs: John C. Shindler, George L. Shindler, Mary E. Bragonier, R.D. and Mary Shindler (of Nacogdoches, Texas), N.F. Hebb, and Eliza Hebb (of Sharpsburg, Maryland). These heirs sold their ownership of the property on October 28, 1869 to the “Trustees of the Reformed Church of Shepherdstown.” This transaction and sale was never advertised in any local newspaper, and it is assumed that since Shindler’s heir Mary E. Bragonier was married to the minister of this church this deal was in the works before Mrs. Shindler's death.
Recent history.
Under the auspices of the Reformed Church of Shepherdstown, later known as Christ Reformed Church, the property was used as a parsonage and, in subsequent years, for tenant dwelling. The property was owned by Christ Reformed Church until 1995 when it was placed on the market for sale by its trustees. A sympathetic, preservation-minded individual, and descendant of Conrad Shindler, Mary Tyler Moore, purchased the property to create a permanent home for a Civil War Center to be operated by Shepherd College.

</doc>
<doc id="20502043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502043" title="Soane Toke">
Soane Toke

Soane Toke was a king of Uvea, ruling for one day in 1953. He was preceded by Kapeliele Tufele III, and succeeded by Aloisia Brial.
Uvea is also known as Wallis Island of the Territory of Wallis and Futuna Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20502049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502049" title="Doris Dungey">
Doris Dungey

Doris J. Dungey (c. 1961 – November 30, 2008) was an American blogger who wrote extensively about the United States housing bubble for the blog Calculated Risk under the pseudonym Tanta.
Early life and work.
Born in Oxnard, California on November 15, 1961 and raised in Bloomington-Normal, Illinois, Dungey earned a master's degree in English from the University of Wisconsin, where she taught until 1989. She then returned to Bloomington, where she wrote the training manual for a local rape crisis center. She worked in the mortgage industry for many years, starting at Champion Federal Savings and Loan Association where she was a trainer and technical writer. Her work for her last employer, Mortgage Dynamics, included securitization due diligence, contract review and technical writing.
Writing career.
The blog Calculated Risk was started in 2005 by Bill McBride, a former technology executive who believed that the United States housing market was near its peak, and he posted articles and statistics to his blog to support his argument. Dungey started posting to the blog, using the pseudonym "Tanta", a family nickname, because she hoped to return to work in the mortgage business. As "Tanta", Dungey used her inside knowledge of the mortgage industry and humor to post corrections and analysis of her own about mortgage financing. December 2006 marked her first post to the blog, criticizing a Citigroup report that was confident that the mortgage industry would "rationalize" in 2007.
Her work for the blog included "The Compleat ÜberNerd", a series of 13 articles that provided an in-depth summary of the mortgage business from origination and servicing, to mortgage-backed securities, negative amortization and foreclosure, which was called a "definitive word on the subject" by "The New York Times".
She was quoted by "CBS News" in April 2008, emphasizing that the subprime mortgage crisis was not the result of the inherent complexity of instruments like collateralized debt obligations, but was caused by excessive leverage that was part of efforts to "goose the yield" of mortgage securities to offer higher interest rates to investors by creating "complex cash-flow structures hedged by complex rate swaps". The Federal Reserve cited her in its 2008 paper "Understanding the Securitization of Subprime Mortgage Credit."
Her posts influenced a number of economists and journalists through their wit and clarity. In 2007 Felix Salmon, writing for "Condé Nast Portfolio", called her "one of the best financial writers in the world". The week after her death, Alyssa Katz wrote for the "Columbia Journalism Review" that "journalism lost its most incisive, stubbornly accurate, and unfailingly hilarious chronicler of the failings of the mortgage industry."
One of her final posts to the blog, in September 2008, criticized a proposed aspect of the 2008 bailout plan, which would have had the United States Department of the Treasury purchase bad loans directly from banks. As "Tanta", she argued that bank executives should be forced to explain why they purchased the asset in the first place, what they learned from seeing the asset go bad and how they will ensure that the same mistake is not made in the future.
Death.
Dungey, who had lived in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, died at age 47 on November 30, 2008, of ovarian cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20502052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502052" title="Delfim Teixeira">
Delfim Teixeira

Delfim José Fernandes Rola Teixeira, simply known as Delfim (born 5 February 1977), is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.
Football career.
Delfim was born in Amarante. After emerging as a 20-year-old in the Portuguese first division with Boavista FC, he signed with Sporting Clube de Portugal, being an essential midfield element alongside Argentine Aldo Duscher in the "Lions"' 1999–2000 league conquest, after an 18-year draught.
In 2001 Delfim moved to Olympique de Marseille in France, but also began an excruciating battle with injuries, appearing very rarely with the Ligue 1 outfit and almost retiring from football. In January 2002 he was reunited with former Sporting teammate Dimas and, after an unassuming stint with BSC Young Boys, eventually returned to Portugal.
Delfim was able to revive his career in 2007–08, being very important as Associação Naval 1º de Maio retained its top level status. In the following season he moved to newcomer C.D. Trofense, retiring at the age of 32 after the campaign ended in relegation.

</doc>
<doc id="20502054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502054" title="Aloisia Brial">
Aloisia Brial

Aloisia Brial (died 1972) was a queen of Uvea, ruling from 1953 until 1958. She was preceded by Soane Toke, and succeeded by Tomasi Kulimoetoke II.
Uvea is also known as Wallis Island of the Territory of Wallis and Futuna Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="20502065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502065" title="The Past (song)">
The Past (song)

"The Past" is the second single from the ' album produced by the American heavy metal band Sevendust. This song, with lead vocals from Lajon Witherspoon and featuring guest vocals by lead vocalist of the band "Daughtry", Chris Daughtry, is a bit of a departure for the band, falling more into the post-grunge category than what fans have come to expect from Sevendust. "Sorrow", another song found on ', is similar in tone and also contains guest vocals, this time by Myles Kennedy. Sevendust has not yet created a music video for "The Past".
Controversy.
Florida TV station WFTV-Channel 9 reported that Sevendust's song "The Past" was played repeatedly by Casey Anthony, who has been charged with first-degree murder in the disappearance of her daughter, Caylee while she was out on bond. The track carries this lyric: "Beneath the water that's falling from my eyes, Lays a soul I've left behind." The song was also apparently a topic of discussion on "Nancy Grace", a nightly current affairs show on CNN's Headline News hosted by Nancy Ann Grace, an American legal commentator, television host, and former prosecutor.
Sevendust has issued the following statement regarding the matter, "After hearing the news that our song "The Past" was a topic of discussion on the Nancy Grace show yesterday, we would like to elaborate. The song was written as a song of hope. A song with positive message. To look back on your life and reflect and to feel good about getting through the rough times that everyone goes through, the roller coaster of life, so to speak." Also they added, "We regret that we've been linked to the horrible subject involving the disappearance of little Caylee Anthony. Most of us have children and have been saddened by the story from the beginning."
Chart Position.
The song reached #27 in the Mainstream Rock Chart.
Singles.
"Billboard" (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="20502089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502089" title="2010 European Men's Handball Championship qualification – Group 1">
2010 European Men's Handball Championship qualification – Group 1

The qualification group 1 for the 2010 European Men's Handball Championship includes the national teams of Montenegro, Poland, Romania, Sweden and Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="20502127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502127" title="Dixie Flyer (automobile)">
Dixie Flyer (automobile)

The Dixie Flyer was an automobile built in Louisville, Kentucky from 1916 until 1923. Dixie Flyers were marketed under the slogan of "The Logical Car." They may be classified as Brass Era cars or vintage cars. 
The origins of the company can be traced back to 1878, when the Kentucky Wagon Manufacturing Company was established. In 1912, the local Electric Vehicle Company was acquired, which marked the entrance of Kentucky Wagon into the automotive field. An electric car called the Kentucky Electric was planned, but did not come to pass. Erroneously, some lists of old automobiles list the Kentucky Electric from the Kentucky Wagon company in this period. The sole electric automotive product of the company was the Urban Electric truck, produced from 1912 to 1916. In 1914, the Hercules Motor Car Company of New Albany across the Ohio River contracted with Kentucky Wagon to build bodies for their cars. Hercules went out of business in 1915, with its assets acquired by Kentucky Wagon.
There appear to have been plans to continue the Hercules name, but the Hercules instead formed the nucleus of the new Dixie Flyer in 1916. All cars had four-cylinder engines, originally supplied by Lycoming and later by Herschell-Spillman. Two distinctive features of early Dixie Flyers were their vertical windshields that were integrated into the curved cowl dash, and the spring-mounted radiators. This latter feature was to reduce vibration, as well as strain on the chassis. The Shadburne Brothers acquired the company for a very brief period in 1917, but ownership quickly reverted to Kentucky Wagon. The Firefly speedster of 1922 was the sportiest Dixie Flyer, unfortunately, it was their last new model as well. 
The post-World War I recession claimed another victim in the Dixie Car company. Truck production was also discontinued at this time; however, wagons were still produced for almost another decade. Dixie Flyer, National and Jackson, were all merged into Associated Motor Industries and Corporation in 1923. Dixie Flyers and Jacksons were henceforth discontinued. Many of the last Dixie Flyers were converted to Nationals by simply exchanging the Dixie radiator emblems and hubcaps with National ones.
In June 2010 a restored 1922 Dixie Flyer was returned from Melbourne, Australia to Louisville, where it will be displayed at Kentucky Trailer, the successor business to Kentucky Wagon.
References.
Kimes, Beverly Rae and Clark Jr, Henry Austin. "Standard Catalog of American Cars: 1805-1942." (Third Edition). Iola, WI: Krause Publications. 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20502135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502135" title="Northern Light Productions">
Northern Light Productions

Northern Light Productions is a documentary film production company based in Boston, MA. Founded in 1982 by independent filmmaker Bestor Cram, the company is one of New England's premiere production organizations, creating a variety of work for museums, visitor centers, educational institutions, and television broadcast worldwide.
History.
Northern Light Productions was founded in 1982 when Bestor Cram, himself a Vietnam Veteran, produced How Far Home, a documentary film about the dedication of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, DC. In 2001 another landmark film about the Vietnam War, co-produced by Northern Light Productions and titled Unfinished Symphony, premiered at the Sundance Film Festival. The film went on to screen extensively throughout the United States and Europe. Unfinished Symphony, divided into three sections and mirroring the movements of Henryk Górecki's Symphony No. 3, focuses on a 1971 three-day protest in Lexington, MA staged by newly returned war veterans.
Over the years, Northern Light Productions has had films in The Sundance Film Festival, The Boston Film Festival, The Austin Film Festival, Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival, International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam, and others.
Recent Film and Television.
"This Is Where We Take Our Stand", a feature-length film about veterans and active duty soldiers who voiced their opposition to the war in Iraq and Afghanistan by testifying from personal experience in Washington DC. 
"Primal Fear", a one hour Halloween special for The History Channel.
"Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison", a one hour special included with the Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison album's re-release from Columbia Records.
"Killer Poet: The Double Life of Norman Porter", a feature-length film about the life of escaped-convict-turned-poet Norman Porter, AKA J. J. Jameson.
Recent Museum.
12 media exhibits for Ocean Hall in the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History in Washington, DC.
An orientation experience for Lassen National Park in Mineral, CA.
"Destination Indiana", an interactive virtual time-travel experience for the Indiana Historical Society in Indianapolis, IN.
17 media exhibits for the Museum at Bethel Woods at the Bethel Woods Center for the Arts

</doc>
<doc id="20502137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502137" title="Pedro Miguel da Câmara Pinheiro">
Pedro Miguel da Câmara Pinheiro

Pedro Miguel da Câmara Pinheiro (born 17 February 1977 in Vila Nova de Gaia, Porto) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for S.C. Salgueiros 08 as a midfielder. 
Football career.
After beginning professionally with local Dragões Sandinenses, Pinheiro made his first division debuts with Barcelos-based Gil Vicente FC, spending the following campaign with A.D. Ovarense in the second level.
After three seasons with G.D. Estoril Praia, he moved to C.F. Os Belenenses: regularly used in his first year, Pinheiro only appeared in 11 games in the second. Subsequently, he would be essential in C.D. Trofense's first ever top flight promotion, scoring six goals while playing in all 30 matches.
In June 2009 utility player Pinheiro returned to the second division, signing with C.D. Feirense. Regularly used in his debut season he only featured in seven contests in the following, as the Santa Maria da Feira club returned to the top level after a 23-year absence, being released shortly after at the age of 34 and resuming his career in the regional leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="20502150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502150" title="West Village, Detroit">
West Village, Detroit

West Village is a historic district roughly bounded by Jefferson, Kercheval, Parker, and Seyburn Avenues in Detroit, Michigan. Adjacent to the west is the Islandview neighborhood, and adjacent to the east is Indian Village. The district received its name in the mid 20th century because of its location just west of the more well-known Indian Village Historic District. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Description.
West Village is a primarily residential neighborhood containing 275 single and two-family houses, thirty apartment buildings, and about twenty commercial structures spread over 20 square blocks. The neighborhood is platted in an irregular grid, and includes a number of service alleys and short, narrow cross streets. Buildings are uniformly set back from the curb, and a great number of architectural styles are represented, including frame Queen Anne houses, and Tudor, Colonial Revival, and Mediterranean Revival houses as well as Georgian Revival and Jacobean apartment buildings.
History.
The areas adjacent to Jefferson Avenue were one of the most exclusive residential addresses in turn-of-the-century Detroit. When the area that is now West Village was platted around that time, the incorporation of restrictions regarding structure cost, use, setback, and height ensured that this area too would be popular. Between 1905 and 1925, the neighborhood rapidly filled with upper-middle-class homes, apartment buildings, and row houses. The neighborhood was home to a number of prominent Detroiters including Franz C. Kuhn, Chief Justice of the Michigan Supreme Court, Edwin C. Denby, Secretary of the Navy, Theodore Hinchman, president of the architectural firm of Smith, Hinchman and Grylls, and sculptor Julius Melchers. As in many Detroit neighborhoods, the racial tensions and white exodus to the suburbs following World War II led to a decline of the neighborhood. However, the resurgence of nearby Indian Village in the 1970s created a resurgence in interest in the neighborhood. The West Village Association, a neighborhood association, was formed in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20502166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502166" title="Grade I listed buildings in Lincolnshire">
Grade I listed buildings in Lincolnshire

The county of Lincolnshire is divided into nine districts. The districts of Lincolnshire are Lincoln, North Kesteven, South Kesteven, South Holland, Boston, East Lindsey, West Lindsey, North Lincolnshire, and North East Lincolnshire.
As there are 440 Grade I listed buildings in the county they have been split into separate lists for each district.

</doc>
<doc id="20502173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502173" title="Full House (The Dooleys album)">
Full House (The Dooleys album)

Full House is a 1980 album by British pop group The Dooleys. It included the singles "Love Patrol", "Body Language", "In a Riddle" and the UK top ten hit "The Chosen Few" among its 16 tracks. It was produced by Ben Findon.
Overview.
This was the group's third studio album and featured the singles "Love Patrol", "Body Language" and "In a Riddle". As well as this, top 10 hit "Chosen Few" was added to the album, despite it being featured on the group's previous album, The Chosen Few. In fact, most of the previous album's songs appeared on this 16-track collection. This cost-cutting measure was a disappointment to fans expecting an album of new songs. However, seven of the tracks were new, although these included the three already-released singles and some cover versions. The only two completely new and original songs out of the 16 were "I Spy" - a song written by the group themselves and one that had been released as a single in Japan - and "Meet Me Halfway". As well as this, the previously released track "Whispers" was included here in a newly recorded version (although had appeared as a B-side to "Body Language").
The album's chart position was marginally improved on the previous album, reaching No.54 (two places higher), but "Body Language" was their last regular hit single. In Japan however, their success continued with "Body Language" becoming their second number one. Another album was released there around this time titled "Pop Fantasia", which while including some tracks recycled from here and from B-sides, it featured four tracks never released in the UK: "Only the Music's Changed" (also released as a single), "How Am I Ever Gonna Live it Down", "Situation Vacant" and "A Little Bit Special". 
In May 2013 "Full House" was released on Compact disc for the first time by Cherry Red Records. This was in a double-pack with the group's follow-up album, "Secrets". This included a number of bonus tracks including three B-side-only songs from this period. The second disc featured three of the four Japan-only tracks. (Only "Situation Vacation" was not included on the CD.)
Track listing.
Side one
Side two
CD Bonus tracks

</doc>
<doc id="20502204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502204" title="Jan Frans De Boever">
Jan Frans De Boever

Jan Frans De Boever (Ghent, Belgium, 8 June 1872 - 23 May 1949) was a Flemish Symbolist painter. He was very successful during most of his lifetime, and he considered himself as one of the best painters ever in his country. His megalomaniac character made him a solitary and isolated artist, whose work moved the last few decades to the U.S.A. where became a beloved artist.
Jan Frans De Boever received his training in Ghent at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts under Louis Tytgadt, whose niece he married.
Tytgadt provided him with an introduction to important circles in his city, and he became a celebrated and well-known artist, a recognised celebrity at official exhibitions in Ghent, Antwerp, Brussels and Liege.
Suddenly in about 1909 he modified his style radically, painting licentious women and prostitutes in morbid and bizarre settings. Skeletons, death and eroticism began to dominate his paintings. Semi-clothed women were depicted as servants of the devil, creating an atmosphere of evil. Man is shown as woman's toy, a languid object submitting himself to her slightest caprice.
In 1914 he started to illustrate Charles Baudelaire's "Les Fleurs du mal" for the wealthy art-collector Speltinckx. Up to 1924 he must have made 157 gouaches for those poems, of which 86 have been recovered; this series of gouaches is sometimes considered as his major work.
Once he had discovered his own style, a form of Symbolism belonging to the decadent movement, he ignored ongoing artistic developments and drew his inspiration from literature, music and mythology.
His paintings were very successful until 1935, when indirectly financial crisis struck. He reduced his prices in vain, but nevertheless continued to paint in the same fashion until his death in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="20502223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502223" title="FIA Formula Two Championship">
FIA Formula Two Championship

The FIA Formula Two Championship was a one-make class of auto racing for Formula Two open wheeled single seater racing cars. It was a revival of the former European Formula Two Championship that was previously run from 1967 to 1984, and was organised by MotorSport Vision. Drivers competed in identical Williams F1 built cars with an Audi supplied and Mountune Racing developed 400 bhp engine, over 16 rounds at eight venues. 
Formula Two was revived due to the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile's concern that the cost of competing in motor racing at a level to progress directly to Formula One was becoming unreachable for many participants, and the category was re-introduced as a lower-cost alternative for drivers. The FIA tender to supply and operate the Championship was awarded to the British MotorSportVision Racing company, owned by former Formula One racer Jonathan Palmer. 
Compared to rival series such as GP2 and Formula Renault 3.5, Formula Two cost significantly less per season whilst allowing drivers to prove their skill and develop their racecraft, in identical vehicles designed by a six man team from WilliamsF1, led by Director of Engineering Patrick Head. The F2 vehicles were assembled and prepared between races at MotorSport Vision's Bedford Autodrome facility, prior to each championship event.
In December 2012, MotorSport Vision announced that the series would not be run in 2013.
The car.
Chassis.
Named after both Jonathan Palmer and Patrick Head, the Williams JPH1 chassis and survival cell is of carbon fibre composite monocoque construction. The car was designed to comply with 2005 FIA F1 Safety Regulations. Head protection conforms to the latest 2009 F1 standards. Amongst many other detailed safety features, roadwheel tethers are incorporated.
The aerodynamics have been evolved to produce a high level of downforce, yet without losing too much front downforce when following other cars, to facilitate overtaking. To achieve this, about 40% of the downforce is produced from the underside, with full length ground effect tunnels, similar to a GP2 car. The aerodynamics have been developed using the Williams F1 computational fluid dynamics (CFD) computer simulation which enables many different configurations to be tested without the need to actually build the parts and test in the wind tunnel. The car will have over of downforce at – compared with, for example, an F3 car which would generate .
Powertrain.
The internal combustion engine is a new turbocharged petrol engine based on the Audi 1.8-litre 20 valve block and head, as used in Formula Palmer Audi. Whereas the engine in the FPA car primarily uses standard road car components, the Audi F2 engine has been developed as a pure race engine. Prepared and built by Mountune Racing, the crankshaft, connecting rods, pistons, valves and camshafts are all-new components designed for high strength and light weight. The dry sump system has been re-designed so the engine sits lower than in the FPA car.
The turbocharger is an all new Garrett GT35 unit featuring roller bearings for improved response, with an external wastegate with high speed closed loop pneumatic valve boost control for absolutely precise automatic boost control. The engine management system is a Pi Research Pectel electronic engine control unit (ECU), the MQ12, which has more capability than the unit in FPA.
For its initial 2009 season, continuous maximum engine power was at 8,250 rpm. The F2 car features a "push to pass/defend" overboost, with being available for a maximum duration of 6 seconds, available ten times during each race. From 2010, continuous base power was increased to , with an even higher gain from overboost to .
The transmission is a new unit designed by Hewland specifically for Formula Two, the TMT. It has six forward speeds, and is operated by steering wheel mounted paddle shifters.
The performance of the F2 car is behind a F1 car, but faster than a F3 car. Its closest rival in terms of lap time is a Formula Renault 3.5.
Race weekend.
For each race meeting there is 90 minutes of free practice, one hour of official qualifying, with the race distance being approximately . This increased to 2 x 40 minute races in 2011.
All drivers have their cars prepared and entered centrally by MSV. Drivers work with a single mechanic throughout the season, and a rotating group of engineers. This means that a driver's finances have no effect on performance and no one can gain an unfair advantage as every car is operated by the same team.
Scoring system.
For the 2009 season, the scoring system was 10–8–6–5–4–3–2–1 for the first eight race finisher. In 2010, Formula Two adopted the same scoring system change as in Formula One, with points awarded for the top ten finishers. Points are awarded the same for both races in the weekend, as follows:
Television.
The races were broadcast by the sports broadcaster Motors TV. Every race was screened live at fixed times, with several repeat showings.
F2 also had a one hour highlights program distributed worldwide, and featured prominently in the global Motorsports Mundial program.
Live streaming of the races was available with free access on the official F2 website.

</doc>
<doc id="20502225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502225" title="Sidney Moraes">
Sidney Moraes

Sidney Moraes de Almeida Júnior, simply Sidney (born 3 March 1977 in Ituiutaba, Minas Gerais), is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder, and the current coach of Ponte Preta.

</doc>
<doc id="20502240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502240" title="Pete Snyder">
Pete Snyder

Pete Snyder (born August 5, 1972) is an American entrepreneur and marketing executive who is best known as the founder and former chief executive officer of New Media Strategies (NMS), a social media marketing agency that he started in 1999. Snyder stepped down as CEO of NMS in 2011 and founded the angel investment firm Disruptor Capital in 2012. Snyder was the chairman of the 2012 Virginia Victory Campaign and ran for Lieutenant Governor of Virginia in the 2013 United States elections where he was eliminated in the primary.
Early career.
Snyder's early career included stints as the director of public affairs at BrabenderCox and the senior political director for Luntz Research Companies. He first gained recognition as a pollster to New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani during the 1997 mayoral campaign.
New Media Strategies.
Snyder launched New Media Strategies in November 1999 with $150,000 from his own savings, credit cards, and the investments of friends and family, initially running the company from his Capitol Hill apartment. Based on his market research experience, Snyder chose to treat the Internet as "the world's largest focus group," creating the first Internet firm to offer data mining and real-time communications consultation to clients. The company found its earliest success with Hollywood studios, and soon counted The Walt Disney Company, Coca-Cola, Burger King, AT&T, NBC and Ford among its clients. In 2006 Snyder was named a Fortune Small Business Best Boss. Drawing upon his background in political consulting, Snyder expanded the company by creating a public affairs division, which has included both political and news media clients such as the Fred Thompson presidential campaign and C-SPAN.
"The Washington Post" has referred to Snyder as a "pioneer in consumer communication", on account of his early entrance into the business of online market research and communications.
In January 2007, Snyder sold his interest in New Media Strategies to Meredith Corporation, continuing his role as CEO through December 2011. At the time of the acquisition Snyder provisioned for a portion of the proceeds to be set aside in an employee stock pool, which appreciated to $2.5 million and in 2010 was paid out to employees who had remained at the company for three years. The "New York Post" described Snyder's profit-sharing arrangement as atypical in the advertising industry, and in an interview with "Advertising Age" he was quoted as saying: ""this is how it usually goes: A company gets sold, the owners do well, and all the employees get screwed. I wanted to do something really different."" In November 2010, he became president of emerging markets group at Meredith, while remaining as CEO of New Media Strategies. In December 2011, Snyder stepped down from the role of CEO of NMS. As of 2012, he remains involved as founder and senior advisor for NMS, and senior advisor for Meredith Corporation. As a result of his work with NMS, Snyder was named one of "Washington's Tech Titans" by "Washingtonian" magazine in 2009 and 2011.
Disruptor Capital.
On January 1, 2012, Snyder formed Disruptor Capital, an angel investment company. Headquartered in Alexandria, VA, it invests in and advises startup companies in the technology, media, and public affairs industries. In May, 2012, Snyder was named to Smart CEO Magazine’s “Leaders We Admire” list, citing his return "to his roots as a start-up entrepreneur with a passion for disruptive products".
Politics.
Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell appointed Snyder as Chairman of VA Victory 2012, a state Republican Party committee focused on efforts and fundraising in Virginia surrounding the 2012 Presidential and U.S. Congressional elections.
Pete Snyder was a candidate for lieutenant governor of Virginia from his announcement in November 2012 until conceding to nominee E. W. Jackson at the Republican Party of Virginia's nominating convention in May 2013.
Other activities.
In 2011, Snyder was named to the College of William & Mary Board of Visitors. As of 2011, he also serves on the marketing board of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, the board of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce National Chamber Foundation, and on the Board of Trustees of Cushing Academy.
Fox News Contributor.
Snyder started making frequent appearances on national television networks in the U.S. in 2000,
On August 6, 2012, Fox News Channel announced that Snyder was joining the cable network as a regular, on-air contributor for Fox News, and Fox Business as an expert on politics and business and entrepreneurship. Snyder was routinely tapped to discuss the implications of national politics, particularly as they relate to the 2012 presidential election, and Virginia's prominent role as a major swing state.
In late 2012, Pete Snyder left the Fox Channel to focus on his lieutenant governors' campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20502244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502244" title="Hitchy-Koo">
Hitchy-Koo

Hitchy-Koo of 1919 is a musical revue with music and lyrics by Cole Porter and a book by George V. Hobart. This revue was third in a series of four "Hitchy-Koo" revues from 1917 to 1920 produced by, and starring, Raymond Hitchcock. The original Broadway production of this version played in 1919. The revue received favourable reviews.
Production history.
The show had tryouts in Atlantic City, New Jersey in August 1919 and the Colonial Theatre, Boston in September 1919 prior to its Broadway premiere. The revue debuted on Broadway at the Liberty Theatre on October 6, 1919 and closed on November 22, 1919, running for a total of 56 performances. The show later toured the United States. It starred, and was produced by, Raymond Hitchcock, who also produced and starred in versions of "Hitchy-Koo" in 1917, 1918, and 1920.
Some of the songs were written while Porter was in Paris, during World War I. As Porter was returning to the United States by ship, he met Hitchcock. After hearing some of Porter's songs, Hitchcock engaged Porter for the 1919 show. The song "When I Had a Uniform On", helped launch the stage career of the Broadway comic, Joe Cook. One of the songs, "Old-Fashioned Garden" became Porter's first hit. (The song used the surplus flower costumes the producers had bought from Florenz Ziegfeld.)
The large cast included Lucille Ager, Maurice Black, Dan Brennan, Chief Eagle Horse, Sylvia Clark, Joe Cook, Lillian Kemble Cooper, James J. Doherty, Raymond Hitchcock, Charles Howard, Waneta Means, Ruth Mitchell, Florence O'Denishawn, Ursula O'Hare, Elaine Palmer, Eleanor Sinclair, Mark Sullivan, and Charles Witzell.
Songs.
"Old-Fashioned Garden" and "Peter Piper" were recorded in 1919 by Prince's Band / Orchestra (Columbia A-2874). "Old-Fashioned Garden" was recorded again the same year by Olive Kline (Victor 45201). The following year, "Old-Fashioned Garden" was recorded by Joseph M. Knecht (Emerson 10319), Yerkes Jazarimba Band (Paramount 200043) and Palace Trio (Victor 35696).
Critical reception.
The revue was well received. The "New York Times" critic wrote: "The music and lyrics are the work of Cole Porter, who has made a particularly clever job of the lyrics and a good tinkling one of the music.
Hitchy-Koo Revues.
There were 4 "Hitchy-Koo" revues that ran on Broadway:
The "Hitchy-Koo of 1922" began tryouts on October 10, 1922 at the Sam S. Shubert Theatre, Philadelphia, but ran for less than two weeks. The music and lyrics were by Cole Porter and book by Harold R. Atteridge. This was the last in the series and the only show not to play on Broadway, but it did tour the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20502274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502274" title="Queens Channel">
Queens Channel

The Queens Channel () is a natural waterway through the central Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut. It is surrounded by Bathurst Island (to the west), Cornwallis and Little Cornwallis Islands (to the south), Baillie-Hamilton and Dundas Islands (to the east), and Devon Island (to the north-east). To the north, the channel opens into the Penny Strait, to the south-west into the Crozier and Pullen Straits, and to the east into the Wellington Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="20502280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502280" title="Advantech Corporation">
Advantech Corporation

Advantech Corporation, or Advantech Co., Ltd (TPE: 2395), is a Taiwanese company with direct operations in 23 different countries and employs over 5,000 employees. Founded in 1983 and headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan, it is a manufacturer of industrial PC, embedded single board computers, and automation controllers & software. Their industrial PC products include Rackmount computers (used for industrial control, ISPs, machine vision, telephony, plant automation, data acquisition applications, and networking purpose) and wall mount computers (which are designed for installation in machineries or for mounting on walls). Their embedded single board computers include the 3.5" Embedded Board and the 5.25" Embedded Board. Their automation controllers & software include IO Modules and Softlogic Software. They also provide a large variety of products that range from Human Machine Interface (HMI), Vehicle PC Solutions, Chassis, Ethernet Networking, PICMG Backplanes, Programmable Automation Controllers (PACs), and software.
Advantech Co., Ltd distributes its products to overseas markets in Asia, Europe and the Americas, and the domestic market. In 2007, the company obtained 17%, 21%, 22%, and 40% of its revenue from applied computing platforms, industrial control systems, embedded cards, and industrial PCs, respectively. The company revenue that was earned, in 2007, totaled at $482 million (USD).
The company's Board of Directors consists of K.C. Liu (Chairman and CEO), Gary Tseng (Director of Advantech Investment Development Co., Ltd.), Allen Fan (Director), and Michael Wang (Director). The company's Supervisors consist of James K.F. Wu, Thomas Chen, and Sharon Su.
Founder.
K.C. Liu, Chairman and CEO of Advantech.
Mr. K.C. Liu founded the Advantech Co., Ltd Company in 1983.
Liu was born in 1954. He graduated from the National Chiao Tung University in Taiwan with a degree in Communication Engineering. K.C. worked as a Sales Engineer in the Instrument Department of Hewlett Packard (HP) Taiwan and as an R&D engineer.
Since Advantech was established, K.C. has been dedicated to leading the strategies in sales and marketing for the company. Currently, Liu has been guiding Advantech, strategically, as it diversifies into the ePlatform Services business.
History.
1980s.
Advantech Co., Ltd was founded by 3 former Hewlett-Packard Engineers in 1983. The company started with the System Integration Business of IEEE-488 ATS (also known as Automatic Test System). Advantech's first exported product was the PCL 748 IEEE-488 Card. Advantech also successfully launched the PC-Lab Card Series Industrial I/O Cards. The company was given the 3rd Innovative Product Award by the Taipei Instrument Exhibition in 1989.
Their Global Branch Office in San Jose, California was opened in 1987.
1990s.
The company created the IPC-600, their first industrial PC, in 1990.
Advantech Co., Ltd was given the Outstanding Export & Import Performance Award by the Exporter & Importer Association of Taipei County in 1990. In 1991, Advantech was given the Outstanding Export & Import Performance Award by the Exporter & Importer Association of Taipei County.
In 1992, the company was given the same award, again, plus a Golden Enterprise Award by the Chinese Enterprise Advancement Institution. In 1992, the company successfully launched the ADAM Series (Remote Data Acquisition & Control Modules).
In 1993, Advantech received the ISO-9001 Quality Management System Certification and the Taiwan Top Small & Medium Enterprise Award.
In 1995, the company's GENIE software received the "Outstanding Information Application Award".
In 1996, Advantech Co. Ltd was given the 4th Award for Industrial Technology Advancement, the Outstanding Award, and the MOEA in Taiwan. It was also named the Symbol of Excellence Winner for their ADAM-4000 Series Data Acquisition & Control Module in Taiwan.
In 1997, the company earned their ISO-14001 Environmental Management System Certification and their IPC-622 was selected as the "Best Product of the Year" by the "Computer Telephony" magazine in the U.S. Advantech Co., Ltd was given the 5th Award for Industrial Technology Advancement, the Most Outstanding Award, and the MOEA in Taiwan.
In 1998, Advantech was announced the Symbol of Excellence Winner for three of their products: the ADAM-5000 Series Distributed DA&C System, the PPC-102T Panel Computer, and the PPC-140T Multi-function Panel PC in Taiwan. Advantech's PPC-140T Multi-function Panel PC also received the "Singapore Comex Asia Best Hardware System Award" and the "Excellent Choice for Kiosk Solutions in the United States of America" award from the "CRN" magazine in the USA. Their IPC-6908 was selected as the "Product of the Year" by the "CTI" magazine in the USA. The company's PPC-102T Panel Computer received the 6th Gold National Award of Excellence in Taiwan. In 1998, Advantech was ranked in the top 4 "Most Investment-Worthy Corporations" and in the top 6 for the "Best-performed Corporations" by Commonwealth magazine in Taiwan. Advantech Co., Ltd was awarded the Most Representative Outstanding Company by the Industrial Development Bureau by the Ministry of Economic Affairs in Taiwan.
In 1999, Advantech Co., Ltd went IPO on the Taiwan Stock Exchange. Its ADAM Series received the 1st Outstanding Safety Instrument Award of Taiwan. Advantech was named the Symbol of Excellence Winner for their CPC-2245 Mini Biscuit PC and their PPC-A100T-R50 Panel PC for Building Automation in Taiwan.
Their Global Branch Office in Beijing, China was opened in 1992.
Their Global Branch Offices in Düsseldorf, Germany and Milan, Italy were opened in 1993.
Their Global Branch Offices in Budapest, Hungary and Singapore were opened in 1995.
Their Global Branch Offices in Tokyo, Japan, Milton Keynes, UK and Paris, France were opened in 1997.
Their Global Branch Office in Seoul, Korea was opened in 1998.
2000s.
In 2000, Advantech's PPC-153T Panel Computer was granted the "Most Innovative Product Award" by "KIOSK" magazine in the USA. The company also received three different types of awards: the "Internet Telecom Expo 2000 Best of Show" award for their IPC-601, the "CT Expo 2000 Best of Show" award for their MIC-3032, and the "Product of the Year 2000" award for their 2A-100 (from the "Internet Telephony" magazine, USA).
In 2001, Advantech accomplished the "Technology Development Program for the Industrial Sector" by the Department of Industrial Technology, MOEA. The company's PPC-153 T Panel Computer and the ES-510 Public Web Payphone received the Silver National Award of Excellence in Taiwan. Advantech was also named the Symbol of Excellence Winner in Taiwan for their PPC-153 T Panel Computer, ES-510 Multimedia Web Payphone, EH-762 Home Terminal and WEB-2143 Web Controller.
In 2002, Advantech was named the One & Only Gold-Level Partner in Microsoft's Windows Embedded Partner ODM Category and the Symbol of Excellence Winner for their EH-7102G/ GH Home Appliance and WebLink2059-BAR/CE.SDA.SKT Web-enabled Device Connection with PC Card. 
In 2003, Advantech had the Grand Opening of their China Kunshan Manufacturing Center. 
In 2004, Advantech received the "Taiwan Top 10 Global Brands" award from the Bureau of Foreign Trade and the Editor's Choice Award from Control Engineering Magazine. The company's FPM-3170 17 Flat Panel Monitor received the 2004 Editor's Choice Award under the Human Machine Interface category from "Control Engineering" magazine. Their TPC-60S Touch Panel PC, UNO-3026 Front Access Fanless PC, and AWS-8100G, Industrial Workstation were given the Symbol of Excellence Winner awards. 
In 2005, Advantech formed a strategic alliance with AsusTek called Advansus. The company's TREK-755 Sunlight Readable Model was nominated for the Gold Award by the Embedded Control Europe (ECE) magazine readers. Advantech also received the Readers' Choice Award for the second best Industrial Computer from Design Control magazine in the USA and the Outstanding Innovation Award at the 13th annual Award for Industrial Technology Advancement in Taiwan. 
In 2006, Advantech received the "Corporate Social Responsibility Award from the "Global Views" magazine in Taiwan and the Readers' Choice Award for Single Board Computer from "Control Designer" magazine in the USA. During this year, the company won the Intel Associate Partner of the Year & Intel Multi-Core Solution Contest in Taiwan. Their ARK-4170 was granted the Innovation Product Award by GongKong Web Media in China. Their ED-6528 won the "Best Product Award" from "Control Engineering" magazine in China while their EKI-6538 received the Editor's Choice award from Electronics News in Australia. Advantech received the Microsoft "Fiscal Year 2006 Most Growth Award" and was included in the "M2M" magazine's M2M 100 directory as a top machine-to-machine technology and service provider. The company's TPC series was received by the readers of SPS magazine, in Germany, as innovative, user-friendly and trendy. 
In 2007, Advantech had established the European Headquarters in Munich, Germany. Their ARK-3381 had received the Best Choice from Computex in Taipei, TW. The company's UbiQ-230 Touch Panel PC, ARK-4170 Modularized and Stackable Embedded System, and ADAM-5550KW Programmable Automation Controller were given the Symbol of Excellence Winner awards. 
In 2008, Advantech achieved the Intel Embedded and Communications Alliance Premier Member Status. Advantech's VITA-350 Automated Vehicle, UbiQ-350 A/V Mobile Controller, UNO-2182 Embedded Automation Computer, TPC-30T/TPC-32T Touch Panel Computers, and IPPC-7157A/IPPC-7158B Industrial Panel PC all won the 16th Taiwan Excellence Award.
Solution.
Advantech provides solutions for different vertical markets:
Digital Logistics.
Advantech-DLoG is positioned to deliver in-vehicle products and services in digital logistics. Advantech-DLoG provides to markets such as fleet management, warehousing, ports, and intra applications.
Specializations.
Their embedded and industrial computing include industrial motherboards, PICMG single board computers, embedded single board computers and industrial computer chassis. Advantech's industrial automation includes human machine interfaces, data acquisition (DAQ) and control, embedded automation computers, and video surveillance solutions. Their eServices and applied computing includes medical computer, digital video solutions, digital signage and industrial mobile computers. Their communications and networking products include microTCA and advanced MC, CompactPCI platform, network processor-based platforms and X86-based network platforms.
Advantech eStore.
The eStore is the online storefront for Advantech’s products covering a wide range of industrial and network computing, embedded computing, applied computing, video, and automation solutions supporting a vast array of industries. The eStore supports multiple regions worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="20502283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502283" title="Shaarai Torah Synagogue (Worcester, Massachusetts)">
Shaarai Torah Synagogue (Worcester, Massachusetts)

Shaarai Torah Synagogue (Hebrew: שַׁעֲרֵי תּוֹרָה, "Gates of Learning") is an historic synagogue building at 32 Providence Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. Worcester's first Modern Orthodox "shul" (and 6th overall), Shaarai Torah was considered the city's "Mother Synagogue" for many years.
Origins.
The congregation, which was incorporated on January 1, 1904, held daily worship services for two years in a cottage they had purchased at 32 Providence Street in the heart of Worcester's east side Union Hill neighborhood, where most Jewish immigrants to Worcester lived. High Holiday services in 1904 and 1905 were held at A.O.H. (Ancient Order of Hibernians) Hall at 26 Trumbull Street while the present structure was being built. At a final cost of $30,000 ($ in current dollar terms), the new building, designed by Edwin T. Chapin in a Classical Revival style, and modeled after Congregation Kehilath Jeshurun in New York City, opened on September 14, 1906.
Final Days.
The Providence Street building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. The synagogue stopped functioning in 1996 and finally closed shortly after a devastating arson fire in 1999. Once one of at least 12 neighborhood Orthodox synagogues, when it closed Shaarai Torah was the last remaining functioning synagogue on the east side of Worcester. The building had been sold in 1997 to Al Tapper, a New York philanthropist who had plans to turn it into a Jewish museum, but those plans were scrapped after the fire.
Redevelopment.
Abandoned and in disrepair, the synagogue was added to the Worcester Preservation Society's list of endangered properties. In 2003, the building was finally sold to developer Selim LaHoud who, with Kopec Contracting, has converted it into 13 apartments known as Red Oak Condominiums.

</doc>
<doc id="20502303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502303" title="Henryk Berlewi">
Henryk Berlewi

Biography.
Henryk Berlewi was born in Warsaw to an assimilated Polish Jewish family. He studied art in Antwerp and Paris, and was active in Polish art circles. In 1918-1922, Berlewi focused on Jewish themes. He drew portraits of many Jewish writers and artists, among them Uri Zvi Grinberg.

</doc>
<doc id="20502309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502309" title="Murder in Greenwich (film)">
Murder in Greenwich (film)

Murder in Greenwich is a 2002 American television film directed by Tom McLoughlin. The teleplay by Dave Erickson is based on the 1998 book of the same title by Mark Fuhrman.
The Columbia TriStar Domestic Television production debuted on the USA Network on November 15, 2002 and was released on DVD on May 6, 2003.
Plot.
The film is narrated by Martha Moxley (Maggie Grace), whose brutal murder sometime between 10 p.m. on October 30 and the early morning hours of October 31, 1975 remains unsolved in 1997. Mark Fuhrman, a former Los Angeles Police Department detective who gained notoriety during O.J. Simpson's murder trial, is intrigued by the case and travels to Greenwich, Connecticut to conduct an investigation of his own. Local authorities resent an outsider, especially one with a reputation as tarnished as Fuhrman's, invading their turf. They do everything they can to block Fuhrman's access to official reports. The film alternates between flashbacks of the events leading up to the murder and scenes set in the present day, which chronicle Fuhrman's frustration and interactions with Steve Carroll, the original investigator who grudgingly assists him. Their efforts ultimately bring Kennedy relative and former Moxley neighbor Michael Skakel to justice.
Critical reception.
Michael Speier of "Variety" said, "Investigative techniques give way to genre cliches in USA's exaggerated "Murder in Greenwich". Falling into the telepic trap of sensationalism without savvy, delves into the shallow end of the Martha Moxley-Michael Skakel case, which has plenty more politics, intrigue and confounding history than this execution suggests . . . As Fuhrman, Meloni is macho almost to the point of bogus; whether he's playing the disgraced cop as he really is or how he thinks America sees him is hard to discern." 
Robert Pardi of "TV Guide" awarded the film two out of four stars and observed, "Despite the assured teamwork of Meloni and Forster, Tom McLoughlin's film . . . fails to build upon its inherently suspenseful elements or extract much juice from the gossipy Kennedy allure. But viewers with little prior knowledge of the case may find themselves caught up in this dismaying tale of justice delayed." 

</doc>
<doc id="20502315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502315" title="Frederico Filipe Teixeira Ribeiro">
Frederico Filipe Teixeira Ribeiro

Frederico Filipe Teixeira Ribeiro, commonly known as Zamorano (born 5 April 1982 in Felgueiras), is a Portuguese footballer who plays for F.C. Felgueiras. Mainly a right midfielder, he can also appear as a right back.

</doc>
<doc id="20502316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502316" title="St. Matthew's Episcopal Church (Worcester, Massachusetts)">
St. Matthew's Episcopal Church (Worcester, Massachusetts)

St. Matthew’s Episcopal Church is an historic stone Episcopal church building located at 693 Southbridge Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. Designed by Stephen Earle of Earle and Fisher in the Gothic Revival style of architecture with some Romanesque details, it was built in 1894 by the Norcross Brothers. Construction of the church was funded in part by Matthew Whittall, proprietor of the Whittall Mills. It was the first Episcopal church in Worcester.
On March 5, 1980, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as St. Matthews.

</doc>
<doc id="20502321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20502321" title="Nottingham Trent University, School of Art and Design">
Nottingham Trent University, School of Art and Design

Founded in 1843, the School of Art & Design at Nottingham Trent University is one of the oldest in the United Kingdom.
History.
In 1836 the Government Select Committee on Art and Manufactures produced a report highlighting concerns about the standard of design in the industry. Higher standards abroad forced manufacturers to buy or copy foreign designs. The Board of Trade established schools of design:
Locations.
The original school at the People's Hall in Beck Lane (now Heathcote Street), moved to Plumptre House in Stoney Street in 1852 and to Commerce Square, off High Pavement in 1858. In 1863, a site was purchased in Waverley Street for the building of a new school.
The school was opened by Henry Pelham-Clinton, 6th Duke of Newcastle on 19 June 2014. The architect was Frederick Bakewell. In front of the building is a statue of the artist Richard Parkes Bonnington, produced by Watson Fothergill.
Current status.
In art and design, the School was ranked in the top three universities overall in the country by the Higher Education Statistics Agency in 2006-2007 for the number of students who successfully gained course-related placements.
NTU was ranked in 2006-2007 as being in the top three universities in England and Wales for its graduate employability record; 97% of graduates find related employment of further study within six months of finishing their course
Location.
Nottingham Trent University's City site is based close to the heart of Nottingham city centre, its facilities, transport links and student accommodation are supported by the many local shops, bars and amenities nearby. Nottingham also consistently ranks amongst the top ten UK cities as an excellent shopping and nightlife destination.
The School of Art and Design is based at the University's City site (in Nottingham city centre) and is serviced directly by the Nottingham's tram network, Nottingham Express Transit.
Art and design facilities.
All of NTU's art and design courses are based on the University's City site, a few minutes' walk from NTU's main student facilities and Nottingham's city centre.
Bonington building — a purpose-built centre for creativity, upgraded in 2005.
Waverley building — a restored, listed building with design heritage.
The Waverley building was home to the first Nottingham School of Art and Design in 1843. In recognition of its importance, the University has upgraded all facilities within Waverley as part of an ongoing regeneration plan.
Maudslay building — a centre for industry and technology.
The Maudslay building has recently been upgraded to incorporate real-life, industry-standard design facilities and modern working studio environments.
Courses.
Courses are offered at undergraduate levels (BA Hons in numerous disciplines) and also MAs in a wide range of subjects.
There is an MA by "registered project or thesis" offered as a flexible postgraduate course, allowing students to tailor their course specifically around their areas of individual interest.
At the postgraduate level of research degrees, all of the institution's research groups were rated as nationally or internationally excellent in the Research Assessment Exercise of 2001.
Industrial links.
In the field of art and design, NTU has links with a wide range of companies, professional bodies and institutions on an international level, including Apple, Arcadia Group, Broadway, Fashion Institute of Technology, Marks & Spencer, Ralsey Group Limited, Association of Illustrators, Sony, and Sophie Steller.
International students.
The University has international liaison staff, course tutors and trained counsellors to give international students advice and practical help, and also offers a detailed orientation programme the week before term begins.
University representatives regularly travel to international education fairs to give advice and information to overseas applicants.
International exchanges.
NTU has links across Europe, the United States, Japan, Korea, China, Australia, India, Africa, and the Far East, both through individual contacts and exchange programmes.
Many of NTU's undergraduate courses offers the opportunity to spend time studying at a university overseas. Students can do this in Europe through the Socrates-Erasmus Programme, as well as in an even larger range of countries worldwide through the University's study abroad scheme.

</doc>
