<doc id="20205322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205322" title="Iqbal Khan (general)">
Iqbal Khan (general)

General Muhammad Iqbal Khan, NI(M), SBt, is a former four-star general of the Pakistan Army who stayed as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee from 1980 to 1984 during the martial regime of Chief Martial Law Administrator and Chief of Army Staff of Pakistan Army General Zia-ul-Haq. During his career, Iqbal was Deputy Chief of Army Staff (DCOAS), Commander IV Corps of Lahore and Chief of General Staff (CGS) at the Army General Headquarters (GHQ).
Military career.
Iqbal Khan studied at Military College Jhelum (College No. 1187) and was commissioned in the 2nd FF Regiment of the Pakistan Army. During the 1971 Indo-Pakistani War, Iqbal Khan was serving as Director General Military Intelligence of the Pakistan Army. He then commanded the 33rd Infantry Division at Quetta during the 1973 during counter-insurgency operations in Balochistan He was later appointed Chief of General Staff (CGS) at the GHQ from where he was elevated to lieutenant general in March 1976 and posted as commander IV Corps at Lahore.
Career in military government.
When martial law was declared on 5 July 1977, Iqbal Khan, by virtue of being a corps commander was elevated to be the Martial Law Governor of Punjab. He was part of small coterie of generals under General Zia ul-Haq, who determined the national security policies in the martial regime. The other generals were Lt Gen Faiz Ali Chishti (Commander X Corps, Rawalpindi), Lt Gen Jehanzeb Arbab (Martial Law Governor of Sindh and Commander V Corps, Karachi), and other military governors of NWFP and Balochistan. He stayed at Lahore for another year when Sawar Khan from Peshawar replaced him. Iqbal himself was sent as commander V Corps, Karachi replacing Lt Gen Jehangir Arbab who was sent as permanent representative to CENTO. At the same time, Iqbal was promoted as the Deputy Chief of Army Staff (DCOAS) in 1978.
Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee.
In April 1980, Iqbal Khan was promoted to full General and appointed as Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee. He completed his four-year term and retired from the army in 1984.
Legacy and honors.
Along with Generals Attiqur Rahman and Habibullah Khan Khattak, Iqbal Khan was considered to be an outstanding and honourable soldier who was a credit to the army. He stayed as Colonel Commandant of the Frontier Force Regiment from August 21, 1978 to March 17, 1985.
He was awarded Nishan-e-Imtiaz (Military) and Sitara-e-Basalat for his meritorious services.

</doc>
<doc id="20205328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205328" title="Pankaj Rag">
Pankaj Rag

Pankaj Rag is an IAS officer of 1990 batch and has earlier served as Commissioner of Archeology, Archives and Museums, Government of Madhya Pradesh.He was the former director of Film and Television institute of India , Pune .Earlier he served as a DM of different districts of Madhya Pradesh. 
Pankaj Rag was born in Muzaffarpur, Bihar, in 1964. He attended St. Stephen's College, Delhi and graduated in History. He then did his M Phil in Modern Indian history from Delhi University. A renowned poet, he has had several of his works published. His articles on modern Indian history, especially on nationalism and the 1857 revolt have been published in renowned journals such as the Social Scientist. Rag has also been the Commissioner of Directorate of Archeology, Archives and Museums in Bhopal. His interest in films is evident in his massive collection of songs as well as some extensive research in films and culture which this 1990 batch IAS officer has done. Two years ago, Rag authored a book on film music directors from 1931 to 2005 which was published in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20205334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205334" title="Hasina (film)">
Hasina (film)

Hasina is a 2004 film by Girish Kasaravalli.The lead actress, Taara, won the distinguished National Film Award for Best Actress for her role as Hasina about the story of a Muslim Indian woman deserted by her husband.
Synopsis.
The film, based on the story "Kari Nagaragalu" by Kannada writer Banu Mushtaq, looks at Hasina (Taara) who marries auto driver Yakub (Chandrahas Ullal) against his mother's wishes. The couple have three daughters the visually impaired Munni, Shubby and Habeeb. Pregnant with their fourth child, the couple break social codes and do a pregnancy scan to ascertain the baby's gender. When Yakub realises it is yet another girl, he becomes at turns abusive and neglectful, eventually leaving Hasina to fend for herself.
Awards.
The film has won the following awards since its release:
2004 National Film Awards (India) 

</doc>
<doc id="20205338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205338" title="MLS Cup 2009">
MLS Cup 2009

MLS Cup 2009, the 14th edition of Major League Soccer's championship match, was played between the Los Angeles Galaxy and Real Salt Lake to decide the champion of the 2009 season. The final was played at Qwest Field in Seattle, Washington on November 22, 2009. Salt Lake won the game 5–4 in a penalty shootout following a 1–1 draw. A penalty miss in the shoot-out from Los Angeles striker Edson Buddle left Salt Lake defender Robbie Russell to score and give the club their first title in only their fifth season. It was the second MLS Cup to match two Western Conference teams against each other. The crowd of 46,011 was the largest since the 2002 MLS Cup, when 61,316 witnessed the title game at Gillette Stadium, Foxborough, Massachusetts.
ESPN televised the match in English and Galavisión in Spanish. This was the first time that the MLS championship match was televised on the cable network after the first thirteen were carried on ABC. GolTV Canada showed the game in Canada

</doc>
<doc id="20205339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205339" title="Battle of Torà">
Battle of Torà

The Battle of Torà (, ) was a defensive battle of the Reconquista, fought between an alliance of Catalonian counts and an army of the Caliphate of Córdoba in 1003 at Torà, Lleida. The main source for the battle is Andrew of Fleury, who probably received his information, which is detailed and generally accurate, during a trip to Catalonia. He incorporated the account in his "Miracula sancti Benedicti" around 1043.
The four Christian counts of the battle were Raymond Borell of Barcelona, Bernard I of Besalú, Wifred II of Cerdagne, and Ermengol I of Urgell. The German historian of the Crusades Carl Erdmann supposed the leader of the Muslim army to be Abdelmelik, the son of the recently deceased "hajib" Almanzor. When Andrew records that the caliph himself, then Hisham II, died in the encounter, he is probably rehearsing a local legend. The battle is not dated precisely by any chronicler, but the names of the counts (all given by Andrew) restrict it to between the years 992 and 1010. A date of 1003 has been deduced by Erdmann from other accounts that a Muslim army moved through the County of Barcelona and passed into the south of the County of Urgell in the summer of 1003. The exact location of the battle, "Thoranum castrum" (the castle, or fortified place, of Torà), is given by Andrew. The Muslims, according to both Latin and Arabic sources, were defeated and one of their leading men killed. The Muslims retreated to their own territory, where a second battle was fought at Albesa. The result of this second battle is unclear, but it was the end of the brief war, and possibly the campaigning season.
Importantly, Andrew reports the battle in terms as if describing a holy war. The Muslims, whose numbers he puts at 17,000, are "new Philistines". Bernard of Besalú he quotes as reasoning that if the saints Peter and Michael and the Virgin Mary each kill 5,000 Muslims, there will be a manageable number left for the soldiers. Bernard recalls that the Muslims are often slain before they have a chance to retreat. According to Andrew, after the battle the Virgin Mary miraculously brought news of the Christian victory to as far away as Monte Sant'Angelo. Despite the theme of religious warfare, Spanish historians have not picked up on Andrew's account.

</doc>
<doc id="20205344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205344" title="Starcraft Marine">
Starcraft Marine

Starcraft Marine, Starcraft Boats, or simply Starcraft is the name of a company that manufactures boats, campers and RVs. In the beginning, Starcraft also produced farm equipment including aluminum water tanks. The original name of the company was Star Tank Company.
History.
Starcraft was founded in 1903 by Arthur E. Schrock in the rural town of Goshen, Indiana. In 1969, Bangor Punta purchased Starcraft and it grew to over 700 employees. Bangor Punta would become the first of five parties to own Starcraft. In 1980, they moved from Goshen to Topeka, Indiana. In the late 80s, Starcraft became part of the Brunswick family of companies, which included Mercury Marine. In 1996 Brunswick Corporation decided to divest itself of Starcraft. Doug Schrock, the son of Harold Schrock who had sold Starcraft, purchased Starcraft Boats. Starcraft's recreational vehicle business was sold to Jayco in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="20205350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205350" title="Aroma of wine">
Aroma of wine

It is through the aromas of wine that wine is tasted. The human tongue is limited to the primary tastes perceived by taste receptors on the tongue-acidity, bitterness, saltiness, sweetness and savoriness. The wide array of fruit, earthy, floral, herbal, mineral and woodsy flavor perceived in wine are derived from aroma notes interpreted by the olfactory bulb. In wine tasting, wine is often smelled before being drunk in order to identify some components of the wine that may be present. Different terms are used to describe what is being smelled. The most basic term is aroma which generally refers to a "pleasant" smell as opposed to odor which refers to an unpleasant smell or possible wine fault. The term aroma may be further distinguished from bouquet which generally refers to the smells that arise from the chemical reactions of fermentation and aging of the wine.
Aroma vs. bouquet.
In professional wine tasting, there is generally a distinction made between "aromas" and a wine's "bouquet" while in casual wine tasting these two terms are used interchangeably. An aroma refers to the smells unique to the grape variety and are most readily demonstrated in a varietal wine—such as lychees with Gewürztraminer or black currant with Cabernet Sauvignon. These are smells that are commonly associated with a young wine. As a wine ages, chemical reactions among acids, sugars, alcohols and phenolic compounds create new smells that are known as a wine's bouquet. These can include honey in an aged Sauternes or truffles in a Pinot noir. The term bouquet can also be expanded to include the smells derived from fermentation and exposure to oak. In Burgundy, the aromas of wines are sub-divided into three categories-primary, secondary and tertiary aromas. Primary aromas are those specific to the grape variety itself. Secondary aromas are those derived from fermentation and oak aging. Tertiary aromas are those that develop through bottled aging.
The technique of microoxygenation has an impact on the aromatic bouquet.
Components of a wine's aroma.
Within wine there are volatile and non-volatile compounds that contribute to the make up of a wine's aroma. During the fermentation and for the first few months of a wine's existence, chemical reactions among these compounds occur frequently and a wine's aroma will change more rapidly during this period than at any other point. As a wine ages and matures, changes and developments in aroma will continue to take place but at a slower and more gradual pace. Volatile aroma compounds are present in the skin and juice of a grape berry and will vary in composition according to the individual grape variety. It is theorized that the "Vitis" vine developed these compounds as an evolutionary tool to aid in procreation by attracting insects to assist with pollination and birds and other animals to eat the berries and disperse the seeds. The diverse spectrum of aromas associated with individual grape varieties is a reflection of the vine's adaptation to ecological conditions and competition among other plants.
The majority of volatile compounds responsible for aroma combine with sugars in the wine to form odorless glycosides. Through the process of hydrolysis, caused by enzymes or acids in the wine, they revert into an aromatic form. The act of tasting wine is essentially the act of smelling these vaporized aroma compounds. Olfactory receptors cells, each sensitive to a different aromas, pick up these compounds and transfers the information to the brain by way of the olfactory bulb. In the 1980s there was renewed focus in studying the correlation between aroma/flavor compounds in grapes and the resulting quality of wine. Scientists were able to use chromatograph-mass spectrometers to identify volatile aroma compounds in various grape varieties. 
Study of the compounds responsible for aroma and flavor, as well as their correlation with a wine's quality, is ongoing. As understanding of these compounds grows, there is concern that wines in the future could be "manipulated" through the use of chemical additives to add complexity and additional aromas to wine (such as creating a manufactured perfume) . In 2004, a winery in South Africa was found to have added illegal flavoring to their Sauvignon blanc to enhance the aroma. Viticultural studies have focused on how aroma compounds develop in the grapes during the annual growth cycle of the vine and how viticultural techniques such as canopy management may contribute to developing desirable aromatics in the wine.
Identified aroma compounds.
Some of the identified aroma compounds include the following:
Esters.
Some of the aromas perceived in wine are from esters created by the reaction of acids and alcohol in the wine. Esters can develop during fermentation, with the influence of yeast, or later during aging by chemical reactions. The precise yeast strain used during fermentation and temperature are two of the strongest indicators of what kind of esters will develop and helps explain partially why Chardonnay grown in the same vineyard but made by two different producers could have different aromatics. During bottle aging hydrogen ions, found in higher concentration in low pH (high acid) wines, serves as a catalyst in the formation of esters from acids and alcohols present in the wine. However, at the same time these hydrogen ions encourage esters to also split apart back into acids and alcohols. These two counterbalancing acts gradually inch a wine closer to a state of equilibrium where there is equal parts alcohol, acids, esters and water (a by product of the reactions). During this period the ester influenced bouquet of the wine is constantly changing due to the concentration, formulation and splitting of different esters. This is partly the reason why a wine will have one set of aromas at one time and other aromas later in its life.
In wine tasting.
The sense of smell and detecting the aromas in wine is the primary means through which wine is tasted and evaluated. Prior to tasting the wine, wine drinkers will often smell the wine in the glass. Large bowl glasses with tapered openings, some of which are specifically designed to enhance aromatics of different wines, can assist in capturing more aromatics within the glass for the drinker to detect. Wines served at warmer temperature will be more aromatic than wine served cooler due to heat's ability to increase the volatility of aromatic compounds in the wine. Swirling, or aerating, the wine will increase available surface area, increasing the rate at which aroma molecules volatilize. Some subtle aromatics can be overwhelmed by more dominant aromatics that arise after swirling, so most professional tasters will sniff the wine briefly first before swirling. The closer the nose is to the wine, even right inside the glass, the greater chances of aromatics being captured. A series of short, quick sniffs versus one long inhale will also maximize the likelihood of aromatics being detected. The human nose starts to "fatigue" after around six seconds and so a pause may be needed between sniffs.
When wine is sipped, it is warmed in the mouth and mixes with saliva to vaporize the volatile aroma compounds. These compounds are then inhaled "retro-nasally" through the back of the mouth to where it is received by nearly five million nerve cells. The average human can be trained to distinguish thousands of smells but can usually only name a handful at a time when presented with many aromas. This phenomenon, known as the "tip of the nose phenomenon", is countered when a person is given a list of possible choices, through which they can often positively identify the aroma. Professional wine tasters will often mentally cycle through a list of potential aromas (and may use visual aids like the aroma wheel, developed by Ann C. Noble of University of California, Davis) until one choice stands out and can be identified in the wine.
Detecting an aroma is only part of wine tasting. The next step is to describe or communicate what that aroma is and it is in this step that the subjective nature of wine tasting appears. Different individuals have their own way of describing familiar scents and aromas based on their unique experiences. Furthermore, there are varying levels of sensitivity and recognition thresholds among humans of some aromatic compounds. This is why one taster may describe different aromas and flavors from another taster sampling the very same wine.

</doc>
<doc id="20205365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205365" title="Wapasha IV">
Wapasha IV

Wapasha (IV) was the name of a Mdewakanton Sioux chief also known as Napoleon Wapasha.
Wapasha became a United States citizen in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20205384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205384" title="Hub Strategy">
Hub Strategy

__NOTOC__ 
Hub Strategy is an independent advertising agency in San Francisco. Founded in 2002, it specializes in integrated marketing. The agency employs a full-time staff of 17, and up to 100 freelance contractors at any given time; by hiring independent contractors, Hub is able to pair its clients and creative staff on an “ideal-for-project” basis. 
Hub is best known for its work for Slingbox, which won Gold in the 2009 Graphis Inc. Advertising Annual. It also created the Nike 6.0 Ill Mobile vehicle, which has been recognized by Communication Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="20205389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205389" title="Fred Hudson">
Fred Hudson

Fredrick A. "Fred" Hudson (5 December 1863 in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada-7 May 1932) was the manager of the Kenora Thistles for both the challenge for the Stanley Cup in 1905 (losing to Ottawa) and for of their 1907 Stanley Cup championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20205408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205408" title="Kenneth S. Apfel">
Kenneth S. Apfel

Kenneth S. Apfel (born 1948 in Shrewsbury, Massachusetts) was the 13th Commissioner of Social Security in the United States, filling a four-year term of office that ran from 1997 through 2001.
Background.
A graduate of University of Massachusetts Amherst, Northeastern University, and University of Texas at Austin, Apfel started his federal career as a Presidential Management Intern at the United States Department of Labor. 
Since 2006, he has held the position of Professor at the University of Maryland's School of Public Policy.
Prior to becoming Commissioner of the Social Security Administration in 1997, he had served as Associate Director for Human Resources at the Office of Management and Budget since 1995, and as Assistant Secretary for Management and Budget at the United States Department of Health and Human Services from 1993 to 1995. 

</doc>
<doc id="20205419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205419" title="Texas Book Festival">
Texas Book Festival

The Texas Book Festival was established in 1995 by Laura Bush, then the First Lady of Texas, and Mary Margaret Farabee, wife of former State Senator Ray Farabee. The festival benefits the state's public library system, promotes the joy of reading, and honors Texas authors. With the assistance of Honorary Chairman and librarian, Mrs. Bush, and a task force, the festival has grown, hosting more than 2,000 authors since its introduction.
Each year, the festival honors a writer with the "Bookend Award" for outstanding contribution to the literature of Texas. In addition to the award event, the festival includes children's books, crafts, and costumed characters.

</doc>
<doc id="20205422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205422" title="James Link">
James Link

James Arthur Link (February 27, 1874-March 21, 1964) was the coach and athletic trainer of the Kenora Thistles during the team's three Stanley Cup challenges in 1903, 1905, and 1907. He was born in Rat Portage, Ontario, Canada.
In 1907, James Link coached Kenora to the Stanley Cup Championships, the smallest city ever to win the Stanley Cup. He was also member of the Rat Portage Rowing Club. Link died March 21, 1964 in Vancouver, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="20205447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205447" title="Ralston Otto">
Ralston Otto

Ralston Malcolm Otto (born 26 December 1957 in Antigua) played cricket as a batsman for the Leeward Islands in the 1980s, and has subsequently coached and managed the team. He managed the Antigua and Barbuda team that competed in the 2008 Stanford 20/20 tournament.
Otto is a cousin of former West Indies fast bowler Curtly Ambrose.

</doc>
<doc id="20205448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205448" title="Virtual Pinball">
Virtual Pinball

Virtual Pinball is a video game that plays as an electronic version of pinball. One to four players can choose from either 29 pre-made games or design one using the in-game editor tools. Designing options include ten different backgrounds and six themes. You also get to choose where objects are placed, the style of music, and the ball speed. Up to ten personal games can be saved. It was released for the Mega Drive/Genesis.
"Virtual Pinball" is an update/sequel to EA's 1983 title, "Pinball Construction Set".
Gameplay.
General gameplay.
A player will start with four balls. Once a game is started a ball is placed in the launcher. The ball is launched by pressing and holding the A button, with the time held determining the power of the launch. All left flippers are controlled by the D-pad, while all right flippers are controlled by the C button. Hitting B will nudge the table, and can be used in conjunction with the D-pad to nudge in a certain direction.
Modes of play.
Play Mode Menu allows you to play the 29 existing games, go to the blueprint plans, or play one of the ten user created games. It also allows you to change the Game theme, Parts theme, Board background, Skill level, ball action, and music.
Scoring.
Ball contact or accomplishments in the game increase the score. Point values are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="20205455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205455" title="Astragalus casei">
Astragalus casei

Astragalus casei is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Case's milkvetch. It is native to the Mojave Desert and its sky island woodlands of eastern California and western Nevada. 
Description.
"Astragalus casei" is a wiry, branching perennial herb forming an open clump of jagged stems up to 40 centimeters long. Leaves are up to 10 centimeters long and made up of thin, narrow, lance-shaped leaflets. The plant bears an inflorescence of up to 25 pink, lilac, or white flowers. Each flower is between 1 and 2 centimeters long. 
The fruit is a hanging legume pod 2 to 5 centimeters long. It is narrow, slightly hairy, and tipped with a sharp beak. It is pulpy when new and it dries to a tough texture.

</doc>
<doc id="20205466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205466" title="Grande River (Uruguay)">
Grande River (Uruguay)

The Grande River (Uruguay) (Spanish: "Arroyo Grande") is a river in Uruguay.
Location.
The river forms much of the boundary between the Flores and Soriano Departments. 
The main settlement on the river is Ismael Cortinas.
Fluvial system.
It is a tributary of the Rio Negro.
The Grande is in the south of Uruguay and flows northwards for the most part, rising in the range of hills known as the Cuchilla Grande.

</doc>
<doc id="20205470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205470" title="Ridgway B. Knight">
Ridgway B. Knight

Ridgway Brewster Knight (June 12, 1911 – August 14, 2001) was an American diplomat who served as Ambassador to Syria (1961–1965), Belgium (1965–1969) and Portugal (1969–1973). 
The son of American parents living in Paris, he studied and graduated from Harvard Business School in 1931. Following his studies, Knight began importing French wine to the US, and in 1942 took part in organizing the US landing in Algeria. 
Knight served as US ambassador to several countries, and later served as president of the American Club of Paris (1984–1989). His grandson, Ridgway B. Knight 3rd, married Patricia Wachtell on May 30, 1987.
Knight died in Inxent, France, at the age of 90.

</doc>
<doc id="20205489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205489" title="Daniel Weld">
Daniel Weld

Daniel Weld may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20205494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205494" title="LeRoy Stumpf">
LeRoy Stumpf

LeRoy A. Stumpf (born May 29, 1944) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL), he represents District 1, which includes all or portions of Kittson, Marshall, Pennington, Polk, Red Lake and Roseau counties in the northwestern part of the state.
Education.
Stumpf graduated from Nazareth Hall High School, and then went on to receive a B.A. from the St. Paul Seminary in Saint Paul, Minnesota. He later received a M.P.A. from the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs at Syracuse University in Syracuse, New York.
Minnesota House of Representatives.
Stumpf served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1981 to 1983, representing District 1B.
Minnesota Senate.
Stumpf was first elected to the Senate in 1982 and has been re-elected in every subsequent election since then. He served as a majority whip from 1991 to 1993, and chaired the Education Committee from 1993 to 1997 and from 2009 to 2011, and the Children, Families and Learning Committee from 1997 to 2001.
Personal life.
Stumpf and his wife, Carol, are the owners of Two Fools Vineyard near Plummer.

</doc>
<doc id="20205504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205504" title="David E. Hayden">
David E. Hayden

David Ephraim Hayden (October 2, 1897 – March 18, 1974) was a United States Navy Hospital Corpsman who served during World War I and earned the Medal of Honor for valiant actions in France.
Biography.
Hayden was born in Florence, Texas and enlisted in the Navy in October 1917. He received training in San Diego Naval Base, California, and Quantico, Virginia. During the war, he was attached to the 2/6th Marines as a Hospital Apprentice First Class. The Marine outfit saw action in France at the Battle of Saint-Mihiel, during which Hayden ran through heavy enemy fire to administer aid to a wounded Marine. For this action, he was awarded the Medal of Honor.
After the war, Hayden was promoted to Pharmacist's Mate Third Class. He served aboard the troop transport "Princess Matoika" until the summer of 1920. He then served as a U.S. Marshal in California until the age of seventy. David E Hayden died on March 18, 1974 and was buried in section 35, lot 1864 at Arlington National Cemetery.
Medal of Honor citation.
Rank and organization: Hospital Apprentice First Class, U.S. Navy, serving with the 2d Battalion, 6th Regiment, U.S. Marines. Place and date: Thiaucourt, France, 15 September 1918. Entered service at: Texas. Born: 2 October 1897 Florence, Tex.
Citation:
For gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty. During the advance, when Cpl. Creed was mortally wounded while crossing an open field swept by machinegun fire, Hayden unhesitatingly ran to his assistance and, finding him so severely wounded as to require immediate attention, disregarded his own personal safety to dress the wound under intense machinegun fire, and then carried the wounded man back to a place of safety.

</doc>
<doc id="20205511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205511" title="Wendell Craig Williams">
Wendell Craig Williams

Craig Williams is a former Federal Prosecutor, Assistant United States Attorney, and member of the United States Marine Corps. He received his bachelor's degree from Duke University in 1987, his law degree from the University of Florida in 1997 and his master's degree from Columbia University in 2001.
Craig served as Second Lieutenant during The Persian Gulf War. He was later promoted to Colonel in the United States Marine Corps.
Personal life.
Craig Williams lives in Concord, Pennsylvania with his child, two stepchildren, and his wife, Jennifer Arbittier Williams, a federal prosecutor.
Political career.
Craig has worked for J.L. Edmondson, the Chief Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit, and also served as a United States Attorney. Craig worked under former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Richard B. Myers and General Peter Pace.
2008 Campaign.
Craig Williams announced his candidacy for the U.S. House of Representatives in (map). on January 16, 2008. Craig is a good friend of Alaskan Governor Sarah Palin, and was a vocal supporter for John McCain to select her as his vice presidential nominee, and she returned the favor by supporting him. He was also endorsed by several high profile organizations, including The Philadelphia Inquirer. Former Pennsylvania Governor Tom Ridge and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani endorsed and campaigned for Williams. His campaign was ultimately unsuccessful, losing to the incumbent Joe Sestak by nearly 20 percentage points.

</doc>
<doc id="20205526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205526" title="Nepal Wireless Networking Project">
Nepal Wireless Networking Project

Nepal Wireless (NWNP) is a social enterprise that provides Internet access, electronic commerce, education, telemedicine, environmental and agricultural services to a number of remote villages in Nepal, using wireless technologies. The project was created and is led by Mahabir Pun, who received international recognition including the Magsaysay Award for his work in this field. It provides communications, education, electronic commerce, telemedicine, environmental and agricultural services as well as job opportunities.
Development of the wireless network infrastructure.
Himanchal High School, founded in 1993, is located in Nangi, a mountain village in western Nepal. In 1996, Mahabir Pun started using the school's Web site to attract volunteers and collect materials for the school. After requesting assistance from the BBC, Pun attracted volunteers and computer equipment donations from around the world. Pun used two small hydro-generators installed in nearby streams to power computers which had been donated by people in Australia, Singapore and Malaysia. In 2002, Wi-Fi-based wireless connectivity was established between Nangi and a neighbouring village, Ramche. After five years, the team succeeded in connecting Nangi to Pokhara, the closest city with Internet access. 
Numerous institutions and technology firms provided support for the project, including the Donald Strauss Foundation, the International Center for Applied Studies in Information Technology at George Mason University, the World Bank, the International Telecommunication Union (ITU), smartBridges, Pacific Wireless and others. Besides the international support, local institutions including the E-Networking Research and Development, Gandaki College of Engineering and Sciences and Prime College also contributed to the project. 
By 2008, forty-two villages in Myagdi, Kaski, Parbat, Makawanpur, Dolakha, Palpa, Bajhang and Khumbu region had acquired Internet access through the project. At that time, nineteen further villages in Rasuwa, Nuwakot, Gorakha, Tanahu, Myagdi and Baglung districts were also anticipating Internet access.
Communications.
Using Wi-Fi technology, many villages within the project region have been connected to the Public-switched Telephone Network (PSTN). Previously, most of them did not have telephone access. The communications centers in these villages now provide call services, Internet access, and video conferencing facilities. These centers are also capable of providing photocopying, document processing and photography services.
Distance Education.
High school students began using the Internet for educational purposes, and using e-mail to communicate with fellow students abroad. 
The project worked with the Open Learning Exchange, Nepal Research and Education Network [http://www.nren.net.np], a non-governmental organization, to develop interactive educational materials based on government curricula. While live distance education programs have been tested, due to poor video quality, the project is seeking technical assistance to make the system functional. This is required to address the problem of providing education and training in remote areas of Nepal.
Telemedicine.
Three villages, Nangi, Ramche and Tikot, are connected to the city hospital in Pokhara. In order to treat patients, health workers in these villages use video-conferencing facilities to share information with the doctors in the city hospital. The project also helped to launch a telemedicine service between Kathmandu Model Hospital and Dolakha General Hospital, and plans to expand services in the rural areas of Makawanpur.
E-Commerce.
In 2007, with the help of student volunteers of Gandaki College of Engineering and Sciences of Pokhara, the project launched a Web site for local electronic commerce. This Web site is used to trade supplies such as grain, poultry, and cattle. Virtual credit card transaction was also being tested in 2008.
Agricultural.
Farmers have been using the network to buy and sell livestock as well as exchange veterinary tips. The web-based agriculture application called Haatbazar (local market) has facilitated increasingly diverse agriculture applications, including yak raising, cheese making, yak and cow cross-breeding farms, fisheries and vegetable farming. 
Environmental.
Nepal Wireless is developing a surveillance system at Chitwan National Park to monitor poachers and to help save endangered species like tigers, leopards, and rhinos. Environmental applications have mostly been collaborations with larger projects, including setting up of weather stations at high altitude locations like Mohare Danda. 
Social enterprises.
The project also provides a plant nursery, a carpentry facility, paper-making and sewing machine workshops, a camping ground for trekkers, a fish farm and a yak farm to support the local economy and provide employment.
Future and long term goals.
The future and long term goals of NWNP include:

</doc>
<doc id="20205531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205531" title="Cheyenne and Arapaho Indian Reservation">
Cheyenne and Arapaho Indian Reservation

Cheyenne and Arapaho Indian Reservation were the lands granted the Southern Cheyenne and the Southern Arapaho under the Medicine Lodge Treaty signed in 1867. The tribes never lived on the land described in the treaty and did not desire to. Recognizing this fact, on August 10, 1869 lands on the North Fork of the Canadian River were set aside for the tribes by the executive order of President Grant. The lands were located in western Indian Territory south of the Cherokee Outlet and north of the Kiowa-Comanche-Apache-Fort Sill Apache Indian Reservation. However, a portion of it was split off later to form the Caddo-Wichita-Delaware Indian Reservation. The area occupied by the tribes is now referred to as the Cheyenne-Arapaho Oklahoma Tribal Statistical Area.
The last of the buffalo.
Following the Red River War nearly all of the Southern Cheyenne and the Southern Arapaho began to live on the reservation, but despite the best efforts of the Indian Agent, John D. Miles, the promised government rations were inadequate and disease affected the tribes. Inadequate funds were appropriated by Congress and only poor quality cattle were available to the government. Thousands of cattle were being grazed illegally on the reservation by Texas cattlemen, but when the Indian agent attempted to buy cattle he was refused. Some cattle were confiscated on promise of payment. On the advice of the army, fearful of an outbreak, ammunition was withheld. The Indians were easy prey for white horse thieves. There was some work for Cheyenne women tanning hides for white traders. In 1875, 1876, and 1877 the tribes competed with white buffalo hunters for the last of the diminishing buffalo herds. Many buffalo were taken, but never enough; by 1877 there were very few left. In the winter of 1877-78 the remaining stragglers of the southern herd were hunted down.
Northern Cheyenne.
In 1877 nearly a thousand Northern Cheyenne came or were escorted to the reservation from their home ranges in the north. Rations were inadequate as was medical care. In September, 1878 a band under the leadership of Dull Knife and Little Wolf escaped and fled north, the Northern Cheyenne Exodus. Most of the Northern Cheyenne remained, but by 1883 all that wanted to were permitted to return to the north where the Tongue River Indian Reservation was established in 1884.
Agriculture, education, and work.
In the late 1870s and the early 1880s there was some farming by both the Cheyenne and Arapaho with the Arapaho being more enthusiastic and successful. However there were recurrent droughts which resulted in crop failures. It took several years for even the Indian agent and his farmers to understand basic techniques of dryland farming such as conserving winter moisture. There was some work hauling supplies, making hay, and cutting wood. Gradually more children were enrolled in the boarding schools on the reservation and at Carlisle Institute particularly after a separate facility patronized by the Cheyenne was established in Caddo Springs. However there was little work even for the Carlisle graduates. The Indian agent's promising attempt to build a cattle herd was aborted when the Office of Indian Affairs commanded distribution of the herd giving each Indian an average of three cattle, which predictably they did little with. Shortages of rations continued with few resources available to the Indian agent to provide work opportunities for his charges.
Grazing licenses, 1882 to 1885.
During the early 1880s the vast majority of the reservation was licensed for grazing to large cattle outfits in 8 large parcels at the rate of 2 cents per acre, about a third of the fair market price. They were not leases as an actual lease of reservation land was forbidden by law. Miles, the Indian agent, called a council of chiefs and cattlemen on December 12, 1882 to consider grazing permits, and believed he had obtained the consent of the vast majority of the representatives of the tribes. There was however, strong opposition, particularly among the Cheyenne camped at Cantonment who responded with both killing of cattle for food and cultural resistance by the soldier societies which began requiring participation in medicine ceremonies and punishing Cheyenne who farmed or sent their children to school. Miles resigned on March 31, 1884. Miles replacement, D. B. Dyer, neither respected the Cheyenne nor got on well with them. His approach to disorder was to request troops, which were not provided. Escalating conflict continued between Indians and the cattlemen and in July, 1885, by the presidential order of Grover Cleveland, the cattlemen were ordered off the reservation, the reservation placed under military control, and Dyer was replaced by an army officer, Captain Jesse M. Lee.
Dawes Allotment Act.
The lands granted by the Treaty of Medicine Lodge were extensive, setting aside a substantial portion of western Oklahoma for the exclusive use of the Cheyenne and Arapaho. "...The United States now solemnly agrees that no persons except those herein authorized so to do, and except such officers, agents, and employés of the Government as may be authorized to enter upon Indian reservations in discharge of duties enjoined by law, shall ever be permitted to pass over, settle upon, or reside in the territory described in this article..." In 1890, the United States, operating through the agency of the Cherokee Commission, acting under the provisions of the Dawes Act, broke the treaty and took most of the lands on the reservation and sold them to settlers, allotting a small parcel to each individual Indian. It was believed by the government at the time that extinguishment of tribal government and of a tribal interest in land would benefit the Indians and make possible their integration into American society. The allotments were held in trust by the Bureau of Indian Affairs which leased much of that land to settlers. This process took several years, but by 1910 nearly all the lands of the reservation were in the possession or control of settlers, leaving the Indians a small minority on the reservation in possession of only a small portion of their original lands. At noon April 19, 1892, the lands of the Cheyenne and Arapaho reservation were opened for settlement by homesteaders; the Indians retained located mostly along the North Fork of the Canadian River, the Canadian River, and the Washita River.
The Cheyenne.
In Oklahoma, the Cheyenne live near Thomas, Clinton, and Weather, Custer County; Hammon (Red Moon), Roger Mills County; El Reno and Concho, Canadian County; Kingfisher, Kingfisher County, Watonga and Canton, Blaine County; Seiling, Dewey County.
The Cheyenne are a Plains Tribe in Oklahoma and are of the Algonquian language family. They have long been associated with the Arapaho. The two tribes are referred to in Oklahoma as the Southern Cheyenne and the Southern Arapaho, a reference intended to distinguish them from their respective northern divisions on reservations in Montana (Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation) and Wyoming (Wind River), respectively. The southern bands moved to the Indian Territory as a result of the Medicine Lodge Treaty of 1867, which was signed by Chief Little Raven as leader of the Southern Arapaho.
The Arapaho.
In Oklahoma, the Arapaho live mostly in rural areas near the towns of Canton, Greenfield and Geary in Blaine County, and at Colony in Washita County. The name Arapaho originates in the Pawnee term "tirapihu" (or "larapihu"), meaning, "He buys or trades", probably due to their being the dominant trading group in the Great Plains region. The Arapaho call themselves "Inun-ina" meaning "our people" or "people of our own kind."
The Arapaho are one of the westernmost tribes of the Algonquian language family. Members of the Northern Arapaho who live on the Wind River Indian Reservation in Wyoming call the Oklahoma group "Nawathi'neha" or "Southerners."
With the Organic Act of 1870, the Arapaho retained a nominal tribal government, and twelve chiefs were selected by a scout and retired Arapaho chief named Ute. The twelve chiefs were Jesse Rowlodge, David Meat, John Hoof, Dan Blackhorse, Ben Spotted Wolf, Bill Williams, Wilburn Tabor, John Sleeper, Annanita Washee, Scott Youngman, Saul Birdshead, and Theodore Haury. Two Cheyenne were elected by custom to serve as Arapaho chiefs, Ben Buffalo and Ralph Whitetail.

</doc>
<doc id="20205538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205538" title="First Class (TV series)">
First Class (TV series)

First Class is Singaporean comedy produced by local TV station Mediacorp.
This new comedy series takes a humorous yet insightful look at the education system in Singapore - specifically, Secondary School.
The interactive website was a Nominee for 2009 International Digital Emmy (Children & Young People).
Synopsis.
In Achiever Secondary School, a new teacher fresh from NIE arrives for his first day of school, his mind filled with thoughts of sweet young kids who are willing to learn and altruistic dedicated teachers eager to teach. He later finds that his dream job has some nightmare moments, the kids are not so easy to lovingly nurture and the teachers he loved and respected are somewhat lacking when he has to work alongside them.
Also, a group of new Secondary 1 students become friends, learning through school activities and classes about growing up and the meaning of true friendship, and sometimes even learn something academic, if they're lucky.
Episodes.
Season 1 (2008).
"Series #" refers to the episode's number in the overall series, whereas "Episode #" refers to the episode's number in this particular season.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Season 2 (2009).
"Series #" refers to the episode's number in the overall series, whereas "Episode #" refers to the episode's number in this particular season.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Trivia.
The title of the show, "First Class", is a reference on Singapore's desire to always be "world class" or "first class".
First Class is primarily filmed at Bendemeer Secondary School (Seasons 1 & 2), and Nan Chiau High School (Season 2).
The Season 2 episode, Injustice for All, is a reference to the Justice League episode, Injustice For All. It even has the student villains team up to form an "Injustice Gang."

</doc>
<doc id="20205548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205548" title="Leo the Mathematician">
Leo the Mathematician

Leo the Mathematician or the Philosopher (, "Léōn ho Mathēmatikós" or "Philósophos"; "c".790 – after 869) was a Byzantine philosopher and logician associated with the Macedonian Renaissance and the end of Iconoclasm. His only preserved writings are some notes contained in manuscripts of Plato's dialogues. He has been called a "true Renaissance man" and "the cleverest man in Byzantium in the 9th century". He was archbishop of Thessalonica and later became the head of the Magnaura School of philosophy in Constantinople, where he taught Aristotelian logic.
Life.
Leo was born in Thessaly, a cousin of the Patriarch of Constantinople, John the Grammarian. In his youth he was educated at Constantinople, but he travelled to the monasteries of Andros, where he could obtain rare manuscripts and was taught mathematics by an old monk. He originally taught privately in obscurity in Constantinople. The story goes that when one of his students was captured during the Byzantine–Arab Wars, the Caliph al-Mamun was so impressed by his knowledge of mathematics that he offered Leo great riches to come to Baghdad. Leo took the letter from the caliph to the Byzantine emperor Theophilos, who, impressed by his international repute, conferred on him a school ("ekpaideutērion") in either the Magnaura or the church of the Forty Martyrs. 
In the version of the story recorded by Theophanes Continuatus, the caliph, upon receiving Leo's letter of refusal, sent a letter requesting answers to some difficult questions of geometry and astrology, which Leo obliged. Al-Mamun then offered two thousands pounds of gold and a perpetual peace to Theophilos, if only he could borrow Leo's services briefly; the request was declined. The emperor then honoured Leo by having John the Grammarian consecrate him metropolitan of Thessalonica, which post he held from the spring of 840 to 843. There is a discrepancy in this account, however, in that the caliph died in 833. It has been suggested that either the connection between the caliph's final letter and Leo's appointment as metropolitan is in error, or the caliph in question was actually al-Mustasim. This latter option squares with the account of Symeon the Logothete, who makes Leo teach at the Magnaura from late 838 to early 840 and was paid handsomely. 
Leo, an iconoclast sometimes accused of paganism, lost his metropolitancy with the end of Iconoclasm in 843. Despite this, he delivered a sermon favourable of icons within months of Theophilos' death. Around 855, Leo was appointed at the head of a newly established Magnaura School by Bardas. He was renowned for his philosophical, mathematical, medical, scientific, literary, philological, astronomic, and astrological learning, and was patronised by Theoktistos and befriended by Photios I of Constantinople. Cyril was his student. Leo has been credited with a system of beacons (an optical telegraph) stretching across Asia Minor from Cilicia to Constantinople, which gave advanced warning of Arab raids, as well as diplomatic communication. Leo also invented several automata, such as trees with moving birds, roaring lions, and a levitating imperial throne. The throne was in operation a century later, when Liutprand of Cremona witnessed it during his visit to Constantinople.
Works.
Most of Leo's writings have been lost. He wrote book-length works, poems, and many epigrams, and was also a compiler, who brought together a wide range of philosophical, medical, and astronomic texts. His library can at least partially be reconstructed: Archimedes, Euclid, Plato, Paul of Alexandria, Theon of Alexandria, Proclus, Porphyry, Apollonius of Perga, the lost "Mechanics" of Quirinus and Marcellus, and possibly Thucydides. He composed his own medical encyclopaedia. Later Byzantine scholars sometimes confused Leo with the scholar Leo Choirosphaktes and the emperor Leo VI the Wise, and ascribe to him oracles.

</doc>
<doc id="20205567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205567" title="Byzantine philosophy">
Byzantine philosophy

Byzantine philosophy refers to the distinctive philosophical ideas of the philosophers and scholars of the Byzantine Empire, especially between the 8th and 15th centuries. It was characterised by a Christian world-view, but one which could draw ideas directly from the Greek texts of Plato, Aristotle, and the Neoplatonists.
History.
Greek science and literature remained alive in the Byzantine world, and Byzantine philosophy drew heavily on Plato, Aristotle, and the Neoplatonists, even if it was now Christian in tone. In the 7th century, John of Damascus produced a three-part encyclopedia containing in its third part a systematic exposition of Christian theology. In the 9th century Photios, the Patriarch of Constantinople, collected many works by ancient writers, and studied Aristotelian logic, and his pupil Arethas commentated on works by Plato and Aristotle. By the 11th and 12th centuries there was a growing interest in the teaching of philosophy, and we have figures such as Michael Psellos, Eustratius of Nicaea, and Michael of Ephesus who all wrote commentaries on Aristotle. In the 13th and 14th centuries we have important philosophers such as Nicephorus Blemmydes and Theodore Metochites. An important figure was Gregory Palamas who developed a mystical movement known as Hesychasm, which involved the use of the noetic Jesus prayer to achieve a vision of the uncreated Light also called the Illumination or Vision of God. It was the Hesychast movement that caused a riff in the Christian East which lead many philosophically minded individuals to go West. This migration played a critical role in the manifestation of the Renaissance in the West. Especially the role Barlaam of Calabria, who opposed Hesychasm, played in the formation of Roman Catholic theology in the West. The last great philosopher of Byzantium was Gemistus Pletho who felt that a restored Platonism could reverse the decline of Byzantium. He was an important figure in the transmission of ancient philosophy to the West.
University of Constantinople.
Byzantine society was well educated by the standards of its time, with high levels of literacy compared to the rest of the world. Significantly it possessed a secular education system that was a continuation of the academies of classical antiquity. Primary education was widely available, even at the village level. Uniquely in that society education was available for both sexes. It was in this context that the secular University of Constantinople can be understood. Further still secular education was common, to a degree, in the empire. As for many centuries, before the Muslim conquest, similar institutions operated in such major provincial capitals as Antioch and Alexandria.
The original school was founded in 425 by Emperor Theodosius II with 31 chairs for Law, Philosophy, Medicine, Arithmetic, Geometry, Astronomy, Music, Rhetoric and other subjects, 15 to Latin and 16 to Greek. The university existed until the 15th century.
The main content of higher education for most students was rhetoric, philosophy and law. With the aim of producing competent, and learned personnel to staff the bureaucratic postings of state and church. In this sense the University was the secular equivalent of the Theological Schools. The university maintained an active philosophical tradition based on Platonism and Aristotelianism, with the former being the longest unbroken Platonic school, running for close to two millennia until the 15th century.
The School of Magnaura was founded in the 9th century and in the 11th new schools of philosophy and law were established at the Capitol School. The period of decline begun with the Latin conquest of 1204 although the University survived as a non-secular institution under Church management until the Fall of Constantinople.
Issues and ideas.
The principal characteristics of Byzantine philosophy are:
The world and humanity are subject to divine providence, but the Byzantine philosophers asserted the need for free-will and self-determination. The soul as immortal is uncreated in its energies but created in itself. Soul is body plus spirit, and directly connects with the intellect to enable the achievement of happiness by means of the freedom of decision. The relationship between God and human beings is based on love, which explains the central place of humans in creation. 
Neoplatonism.
The relationship between the mystic, religious understanding of God and a philosophical one has various stages of development in the history of the Roman East. The nous as mind in Byzantine philosophy is given the central role of understanding only when it is placed or reconciled with the heart or soul of the person. The soul being the whole unit of man the mind as rational and noetic being an integral part of man's soul. Earlier versions of Christian and Greek philosophical syncretism are in modern times referred to as Neoplatonic. An example of this can be seen in the works of Origen and his teaching on the nous as to Origen, all souls pre-existed with their Creator in a perfect, spiritual (non-material) state as "minds" or nous, but later fell away in order to pursue an existence independent of God. Since all souls were created absolutely free, God could not simply force them to return to Him (this was, according to Origen, due to God's boundless love and respect for His creatures). Instead, God created the material cosmos, and initiated history, for the purpose of guiding the wayward souls back to contemplation of His infinite mind, which is, according to Origen, the perfect state.

</doc>
<doc id="20205584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205584" title="Resin Server">
Resin Server

Resin is a web server and Java application server from Caucho Technology. Resin is provided in two versions, Resin Professional and Resin Open Source (GPL). Resin supports the Java EE standard as well as a mod_php/PHP like engine called Quercus.
Resin Open Source is an open source version of the open core Resin Professional version that Caucho describes as ""suitable for hobbyists, developers, and low traffic websites that do not need the performance and reliability enhancements of Resin Professional.""
In March 2013, Techempower, independently picked Resin Open Source as the fastest open source application server, and then used Resin Open Source to compare Java web framework speed against non-Java web framework speed. Resin Open Source dominated the first five positions of every test. Being the best of breed implementation open source solution given a large open source competition would indicate that Resin is not in fact crippled, and is in fact an open core implementation, which implies what is released is usable, but additional features come with the non-open source version. Open core means an open source version of the proprietary version has been made available, and licensed in a manner that donates it to the software community at large for partial or complete re-use.
Resin Open Source lacks optimizations such as built-in caching and features such as clustering support, advanced administration, and the health system that includes HTTP session replication, Java Monitoring, distributed cache replication, and JMS queue replication. Many of these same features are lacking from Apache Tomcat, and Apache Tomcat is not deemed crippleware. While Caucho describes these as "features and enhancements commonly needed in a production environment", Resin Open Source is used without these features.
Within the "resin-admin" web-based management interface of Resin Open Source the majority of menu options return the message ""This feature requires Resin Professional and a valid license. Please download Resin Professional and request a free evaluation license."" when chosen. Setting many configuration file options and accessing many API methods do not work and generate log error messages to the same effect. Yet Resin Open Source was still usable enough to beat Apache httpd at serving files and independently picked by Techmepower to represent all Java web frameworks, and ran all of the most popular Java web frameworks on top of Resin Open Source due to its speed, including, Spring, Grails, JRuby, Wicket, and Tapestry, which showed that Java still has the highest overall throughput for web application development.
Resin market share might be small in the grand scheme of Java Application Servers, but many high traffic sites use Resin, including Toronto Stock Exchange, SalesForce.com, Condé Nast (parent company of Vogue, GQ), CNET. NetCraft's February 2012 Survey states Resin grew to 4,700,000 sites and Resin is used on a number of the Million Busiest Sites. Resin was the only Java-based web server mentioned in NetCraft's survey.
Caucho claims that Resin Pro and Resin Open Source is faster than Apache httpd (v 2.4), and therefore focuses on competing with nginx web server. Caucho claims Resin to have comparable speeds to nginx, and that this is one of the reasons for Resin's strong growth. Caucho now claims that Resin Pro is faster than NginX.
Although a Java based server, key pieces of Resin's core networking are written in highly optimized C. Caucho claims Java is the layer that allows Resin to be "full featured" while C provides the speed.
Resin, which was released in 1999, predates Apache Tomcat, and is one of the oldest application servers and web servers.
Product features.
Scalability
Development
Production Ready
"App Server"'
Web Server
Quercus.
Quercus is a Java-based implementation of the PHP language that is included with Resin. According to a slideshow presented by Emil Ong (from Caucho), to a San Francisco Java Meetup Group in April 2008 pertaining to Resin 3.1, an essential difference in the operation of Quercus between the Resin Open Source and the Resin Professional editions is that in Resin Professional the PHP is compiled to Java bytecode whereas in the open source version PHP is executed by an interpreter.
Caucho states that Quercus is faster than standard PHP although this is only true for the JIT-compiled version in Resin Professional. Quercus ships with Resin.
Licensing.
Early versions of the Resin Open Source product were released with problematic licensing but more recent versions are available under a conventional open source license.
Early licensing.
The software license under which Resin was initially released deviated significantly from the conventional definition of open source software. Initially Resin was non-redistributable, and the copyright of any improvements made to the code of the application, if communicated to others, became the property of Caucho Technology. Furthermore, the license stipulated that if any legal action arose out of breach of the licensing terms and a court decision was granted in favor of Caucho Technology all of Caucho's legal expenses must be paid by the licensee. Hence even firms and individuals simply "using" the software may have been exposed to substantial risk had Caucho found them in breach of any term of the license.
Previous licensing terms for the product included the following, which may have introduced something like a copyleft legal status into the products and services offered by earlier users of Resin:
As long as you used standard JSP or Java Servlet APIs you did not have any issues.
Current licensing.
Since version 3.0.9, Resin Open Source has been licensed under the GPL License (version 2 or later), a license which has passed through the Open Source Initiative's License Review Process. Consequently current versions of Resin are significantly less hazardous to use or incorporate into software systems than were previous versions.

</doc>
<doc id="20205587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205587" title="Rod Skoe">
Rod Skoe

Rod Skoe (born August 9, 1954) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL), he represents District 2, which includes all or portions of Becker, Beltrami, Clearwater, Hubbard, Lake of the Woods, Mahnomen, Otter Tail and Wadena counties in the northwestern part of the state.
Education.
Skoe completed high school at Kelliher High School in Kelliher, and later received a B.A. from Augsburg College in Minneapolis.
Minnesota House of Representatives.
Skoe served in the Minnesota House of Representatives representing District 2B from 1999 to 2003.
Minnesota Senate.
Skoe was first elected in 2002 and has been re-elected in every subsequent election since then.
Personal life.
He and his wife, Sarah, have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20205588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205588" title="Nonconformity (literature)">
Nonconformity (literature)

Nonconformity is a memoir by Nelson Algren, published posthumously in 1996.
It focuses on the making of the 1955 film version of his novel "The Man with the Golden Arm", and also presents his philosophy as a writer.

</doc>
<doc id="20205614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205614" title="U-1-class submarine (Austria-Hungary)">
U-1-class submarine (Austria-Hungary)

The "U-1" class was a class of two submarines or U-boats built for and operated by the Austro-Hungarian Navy (). The "U-1"-class boats were built to an American design at the navy yard in Pola. The class was a part of the Austro-Hungarian Navy's efforts to competitively evaluate three foreign submarine designs.
The two "U-1"-class boats, both launched in 1909, were long and as built were each powered by two gasoline engines while surfaced, and two electric motors when submerged. Neither boat was operational at the beginning of World War I because both were in drydock awaiting replacement diesel engines for their problematic gasoline engines.
Beginning in 1915, both boats conducted reconnaissance cruises out of either Trieste or Pola until declared obsolete in early 1918. Both remained in service as a training boats at the submarine base on Brioni, but each was at Pola at the end of the war. They were ceded to Italy as war reparations in 1920 and scrapped at Pola. Neither submarine sank any ships during the war.
Design and construction.
In 1904, after allowing the navies of other countries to pioneer submarine developments, the Austro-Hungarian Navy ordered the Austrian Naval Technical Committee (MTK) to produce a submarine design. The January 1905 design developed by the MTK and other designs submitted by the public as part of a design competition were all rejected by the Navy as impracticable. They instead opted to order two submarines each of designs by Simon Lake, Germaniawerft, and John Philip Holland for a competitive evaluation. The two Lake-designed submarines comprised the "U-1" class. The Navy ordered plans for the building of two boats—designated "U-1" and "U-2"—from the Lake Torpedo Boat Company of Bridgeport, Connecticut, in 1906.
The "U-1"-class design had several features typical of Lake's designs, including a diving chamber under the bow and two variable pitch propellers. Lake's design also called for two retractable wheels that, in theory, could allow travel over the seabed. The design also placed the diving tanks above the waterline of the single, cylindrical hull, which necessitated a heavy ballast keel for vertical stability. The propulsion system for the "U-1" class consisted of two gasoline engines for surface running and two electric motors for running while submerged. For underwater steering and maneuverability, the design featured four pairs of diving planes.
The boats were long by abeam and had a draft of . As designed, each boat displaced surfaced and submerged. Both of the submarines had three torpedo tubes—two in the bow, one in the stern—and could carry up to five torpedoes, but typically carried three. Each submarine was also armed with a deck gun.
"U-1" and "U-2" were laid down in July 1907 at the navy yard at Pola, and were launched in February and April 1909, respectively.
Service career.
Upon completion of the two boats, the Austro-Hungarian Navy evaluated the "U-1" class in trials through 1910. During the trials, technical problems with the gasoline engines were revealed. Exhaust fumes and gasoline vapors frequently poisoned the air inside the boats and the engines themselves were not able reach the contracted speed. Because of the problems, the Austro-Hungarian Navy considered the engines to be unsuitable for wartime use and paid only for the hulls and armament of the two "U-1" boats. While replacement diesel engines were ordered from the Austrian firm "Maschinenfabrik" Leobersdorf, they agreed to a lease of the gasoline engines at a fee of US$4,544 annually.
In order to dive, the diving tanks, located above the waterline, had to be flooded by pumps, which took over 14½ minutes in early tests, but which was later reduced to 8 minutes. The maximum diving depth was set at when the hulls began to show signs of stress at that depth. The four pairs of diving planes gave the boats exceptional underwater handling, and, when the boats were properly trimmed and balanced, the boats could be held within of the desired depth. Other tests proved the underwater wheels to be useless. The "U-1" class boats outperformed the "U-3" (Germaniawerft) and "U-5" (Holland) classes in both diving and steering capabilities in the Austro-Hungarian Navy evaluations.
Both boats were officially commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy in 1911—"U-1" in April, "U-2" in June—and served as training boats, each making as many as ten training cruises a month. At the outbreak of World War I, "U-1" and "U-2" were both in drydock awaiting the installation of their new diesel engines. To accommodate the new engines, the boats were lengthened by about . These changes lowered the surface displacement to but increased the submerged displacement to .
From 1915, both boats conducted reconnaissance cruises out of either Trieste or Pola. In January 1918, the boats were declared obsolete, but remained in service as training boats at the submarine base at Brioni, but at the war's end both boats were in Pola, After the war, both boats were ceded to Italy as war reparations and scrapped. Neither boat sank any ships during the war.
Class members.
SM "U-1".
"U-1" was laid down at the navy yard at Pola in July 1907, launched in February 1909, and underwent trials throughout 1910. She was commissioned in April 1911 and served as a training boat through 1914. Her periscope was damaged when she was accidentally rammed by an Austro-Hungarian cruiser in January 1914. At the beginning of World War I, "U-1" was not operational because she was in drydock awaiting new batteries and replacement diesel engines. When the engine swap had been completed, "U-1" served as a training boat for the Austro-Hungarian Navy through October 1915. From November that same year she conducted reconnaissance cruises out of Trieste and Pola until she was declared obsolete in early 1918. "U-1" remained in service as a training boat at the submarine base on Brioni, but was at Pola at the end of the war. She was awarded to Italy as a war reparation in 1920 and scrapped at Pola. "U-1" did not sink any ships during the war.
SM "U-2".
SM "U-2" was laid down at the navy yard at Pola in July 1907, launched in April 1909, and underwent trials through 1910. She was commissioned in June 1911 and served as a training boat through 1914. At the beginning of World War I, "U-2" was not operational because she was in drydock awaiting replacement diesel engines. With her new engines and a new conning tower installed by June 1915, "U-2" conducted reconnaissance cruises out of Trieste but was declared obsolete in early 1918. "U-2" remained in service as a training boat at the submarine base on Brioni, but was at Pola at the end of the war. She was ceded to Italy as a war reparation in 1920 and scrapped at Pola. "U-2" sank no ships during the war.

</doc>
<doc id="20205615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205615" title="Majestic Theatre">
Majestic Theatre

Majestic Theatre or Majestic Theater may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20205628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205628" title="Van Horn Mansion">
Van Horn Mansion

The Van Horn Mansion was built by Judge James Van Horn in 1823. It is the site of the Town of Newfane's first town meeting, April 6, 1824. The name for the Town of Newfane is believed to be chosen by the town Postmaster. The Mansion includes 16 rooms and five bathrooms. It is located on Lockport-Olcott Road in Niagara County, New York on Route 78 and is also considered to be haunted. It is one many National Register of Historic Places in Niagara County.
Judge James Van Horn.
Judge James Van Horn was born in the state of New Jersey. James Van Horn moved north as the famous Erie Canal was being built. Van Horn settled in Newfane in 1817 with 9 children. Van Horn built a gristmill and was the first builder of a wool mill in Niagara County, New York in 1842. Van Horn became one of four of Niagara County's first judge's in 1821. In 1823, he built the brick Georgian-style Van Horn Mansion which was the first brick home in Newfane. James Van Horn was the Town of Newfane Supervisor from 1829-1831.
The Mansion after the Van Horns.
The last surviving Van Horn descent sold the mansion to W.H. Davis of New York City in 1910. In 1922, it was owned by Herbert Pease. Douglas Patterson of Nova Scotia, Canada purchased the mansion in 1929 after a short ownership by the Cramer Brothers. During that time until 1938, Patterson opened a community skating rink to the residents of Newfane. In 1939, the structure suffered a fire. Mary Wagner in 1949 received the mansion and helped to renovate it for an upscale restaurant known as Green Acres. In 1959, the building was converted into apartments by John Strickland and eventually was left for vandals. The Noury Chemical Company acquired the structure and then donated it to the Newfane Historical Society in 1987. The Newfane Historical Society has maintained its splendor and value to present day. It has held Victorian teas, tours, and underwent numerous volunteer renovation programs over the years.

</doc>
<doc id="20205642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205642" title="Jalan Lapangan Terbang Sultan Azlan Shah">
Jalan Lapangan Terbang Sultan Azlan Shah

Jalan Lapangan Terbang Sultan Azlan Shah, Federal Route is a federal road in Perak, Malaysia. It is a main route to the Sultan Azlan Shah Airport from Jalan Gopeng (Federal Route ).
Route background.
The Kilometre Zero of the Federal Route 137 is located at Jalan Gopeng, at its junctions with the Federal Route , the main trunk road of the central of Peninsular Malaysia.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 137 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20205669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205669" title="Dress for Success (book)">
Dress for Success (book)

Dress for Success is a 1975 book by John T. Molloy about the effect of clothing on a person's success in business and personal life. It was a bestseller and was followed in 1977 by "The Women's Dress for Success Book". Together, the books popularized the concept of "power dressing."

</doc>
<doc id="20205683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205683" title="David Tomassoni">
David Tomassoni

David Joseph "Dave" Tomassoni (born December 5, 1952) is a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL), he represents District 6, which includes portions of Itasca and St. Louis counties in the northeastern part of the state.
Early life, education, and career.
Tomassoni graduated from Chisholm High School in Chisholm and went on to receive a B.S.B.A. from the University of Denver. He played professional hockey in Italy for 16 years and was a member of the Italian Olympic hockey team in 1984.
Minnesota House of Representatives.
Tomassoni represented District 5B in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1993 to 2001. He served as an assistant majority leader from 1997 to 2001.
Minnesota Senate.
Tomassoni was first elected to the Senate in 2000 and re-elected in 2002, 2006, 2010 and 2012. He was a majority whip from 2001 to 2007.
Personal life.
Tomassoni and his wife, Charlotte, have three children.

</doc>
<doc id="20205732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205732" title="Begonia boliviensis">
Begonia boliviensis

Begonia boliviensis is a plant in the begonia family, Begoniaceae, which was introduced to Europe in 1864 by Richard Pearce who discovered it in the Bolivian Andes, although the plant had previously been identified by Hugh Weddell in the same region but not introduced.
"Begonia boliviensis" is of special historical interest to gardeners, being one of the species used by John Seden in the production of the first hybrid tuberous begonia raised in England, "B. × sedenii".
The plant originates from montane cloud forests on the eastern side of the Andes in Bolivia and Argentina. It is typically found in rock crevices and slopes near streams, where plant competition is low. 
It was exhibited for the first time at the International Horticultural Show in Paris, in May 1867, when it attracted much attention from both botanists and horticulturists, "more than any other plant then brought to that magnificent exhibition."
Description.
The stems of "Begonia boliviensis" spring from a tuberous root-stock, and attain a height of between and ; the flowers, produced in pairs or threes on short stems in the angles of the obliquely lanceolate leaves, are bright orange/pink in colour, composed of four pointed segments.
The description in "Hortus Veitchii" reads: "A very beautiful plant with drooping scarlet flowers, from Bolivia, sent by Richard Pearce, and of great interest as one of the original species from which the numerous garden varieties, so popular at the present day, have been derived."
The cultivar, "Begonia boliviensis" Bonfire is widely available commercially and can be used in containers, in hanging baskets and as a landscape plant. It has bright-orange, bell-shaped flowers covering the plant from late spring through summer, with serrated foliage accented by a red margin, and reaches two feet tall.
Hybridization.
Shortly after the plant's introduction to England, John Seden, the foreman at James Veitch & Sons of Chelsea, London, successfully crossed "B. boliviensis" and another Andean species, believed to be "B. veitchii". This was the first hybrid tuberous begonia raised in England. The new hybrid variety was named "B. × sedenii" after him and was distributed in 1870, having been awarded the Silver Floral Medal by the Royal Horticultural Society.

</doc>
<doc id="20205757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205757" title="Astragalus cimae">
Astragalus cimae

Astragalus cimae is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Cima milkvetch. It is native to the Mojave Desert and its sky island woodlands of eastern California western Nevada, especially on calcareous soils, including the Cima Dome area in the Mojave National Preserve.
Description.
"Astragalus cimae" is a spreading perennial herb with somewhat fleshy stems up to about 25 centimeters long. Leaves are up to 11 centimeters long and made up of oval or rounded leaflets. The plant bears an inflorescence of up to 25 flowers with reddish or pinkish purple petals sometimes tipped with white. Each flower is between 1 and 1.5 centimeters long. The fruit is a legume pod with usually two inflated chambers.

</doc>
<doc id="20205763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205763" title="Thimmarajupally">
Thimmarajupally

Thimmarajupally is a village located in Kadapa district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
In this village there are nearly one hundred families. This is an agricultural area. Most of the villagers are farmers. They grow paddy, sunflower.
Thimmarajupally is just eight kilometers away from Badvel. Badvel is the Headquarters of Badvel assembly segment.
Buses are available to all the major cities of South India like Hyderabad, Chennai, Tirupathi, Vijayawada, Bangalore.

</doc>
<doc id="20205784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205784" title="David Jones (programmer)">
David Jones (programmer)

David Jones is a former freelance computer game programmer who was prolific in the mid-to-late 1980s. He is best known for the creation of the cult computer game character Magic Knight in his 1985 game "Finders Keepers" for the Mastertronic budget label and released on the ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC, MSX and Commodore 64.
"Finders Keepers" spawned three cult sequels: "Spellbound" (1985), "Knight Tyme" (1986) and "Stormbringer" (1987).
The in-game instructions for "Finders Keepers", and the printed instructions for "Knight Tyme" and "Stormbringer", refer to the character of Magic Knight as 'he'. However, in a feature on the Magic Knight games in issue 27 of Retro Gamer magazine, David Jones states that Magic Knight "was always female" and that if he had written another Magic Knight game, this would have been "the big reveal at the end".

</doc>
<doc id="20205806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205806" title="Flowerz">
Flowerz

"Flowerz" is a song by American house music producer Armand Van Helden. It was released in April 1999 as the follow up single to his number-one single "U Don't Know Me".

</doc>
<doc id="20205810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205810" title="EA Sports Active">
EA Sports Active

EA Sports Active: Personal Trainer is a video game developed by EA Canada for the Wii console. It was released on May 19, 2009 in North America. The game ships with a strappable pouch to hold the Nunchuk and a resistance band.
The game is the first in a line of "EA Sports Active" branded games and related peripherals. An expansion, "EA Sports Active: More Workouts", was released on November 17, 2009.
A follow-up, EA Sports Active 2, released in November 2010. An NFL-themed version, EA Sports Active NFL Training Camp, was released on the same day.
Gameplay.
"EA Sports Active" is an exercise game consisting of activities that use the motion controls of the Wii platform. Primarily played using the Wii Remote, the game package includes a pouch that allows the player to strap the attached Nunchuk to their legs in order to track their lower body movements. The Wii Balance Board is also supported but is not required for play.
The game features a number of exercise options supervised by a virtual personal trainer including 20 minute workout regimens and a 30 Day Challenge mode that lets players set workout goals such as calories burned or a number of sessions while tracking their progress over time. The idea is that the weight loss will happen on its own if the calories burned goals in each workout are met or exceeded.
The game also awards trophies for reaching specific fitness landmarks such as accumulating 10 total workout hours, working out with a friend, and completing all the exercises in the 30 Day Challenge.
Players are also encouraged to create a custom workout session built around either personal favorite exercises, calorie goals (such as burning 100+ calories in one session), or targeting specific body areas. To help aid in creating a balanced workout, a percentage chart displays how much of the routine is devoted to either upper body, lower body, or cardio development. The intensity of the workout can be altered by changing the difficulty levels of either a single exercise or the entire routine.
Development.
EA Sports' Peter Moore claims that "EA Sports Active" was developed to focus more on a higher-impact "Western" philosophy of exercise focused mainly on weight loss, compared to a lower-impact, stretching and balance based "Eastern" approach as taken by Nintendo's "Wii Fit". EA also saw a strong business opportunity in creating a game for people who need to work out yet do not have the time or are not comfortable doing so in public.
Celebrity personal trainer Bob Greene was involved with developing the game.
Reception.
"EA Sports Active" has received generally positive reviews from video game critics and mainstream media.
One of the biggest critiques on EA's community message boards about the game was the lack of real resistance offered by the supplied elastic band. Many found that folding the band over itself as suggested by the game’s tutorial to be ineffective in increasing the resistance level. However, the supplied grips for the elastic band can be used with other elastic bands, specifically those used in pilates, in order to increase the intensity of all upper body exercises.
EA claims that "EA Sports Active" has sold over 600,000 units worldwide between May 19, 2009 and June 1, 2009, and 1.8 million units in its quarter. It is EA's best selling Wii title.
The lack of an option to switch to left-handed has caused discontent for some left-handed users who have purchased the game as this is not advertised on the outer packaging.
More Workouts.
After the success the game received, EA Sports released an expansion pack on 17th November 2009, titled EA Sports Active: More Workouts, which as the name suggests added several new workouts to the existing program.

</doc>
<doc id="20205816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205816" title="The Shri Ram School">
The Shri Ram School

The Shri Ram School is a co-educational private school in India. 
Founded in July 1988, the Shri Ram School has three campuses spread across the National Capital Region of India. The first is the Junior School in Vasant Vihar, New Delhi to which was added the Senior School on Moulsari Avenue, DLF Phase III, Gurgaon in 1994.
The Shri Ram School - Aravali was established in 2000 at the request of DLF Limited. It is a common campus for Pravesh Vatika (Nursery), Upvan (Kindergarten) through to Class XII. It is situated at the Hamilton Court Complex, DLF Phase IV, Gurgaon. In 2009, a new branch, "The Shriram Millennium School" was opened in Noida. The Noida School is located in Sector-135.
All the campuses follow a common curriculum.
The Special Education Needs Department was started in April 1997 to provide educational opportunities in smaller settings to children with special needs. Children aged four to ten years attend the Junior School at Vasant Vihar/Aravali and as they turn eleven years they move on to Senior School at Moulsari/Aravali respectively.
The school has recently started an e-class at Moodle for the students access only.
Overview.
Founded by Mrs. Manju Bharat Ram in July 1988 under the aegis of SRF Ltd. and now the SRF Foundation, TSRS began with the pre-primary section and a Form was added every year.
The Shri Ram School is a day-school with timings from 8.00a.m to 2.00p.m . Each Friday there is a Stay Back for all staff and students of the Moulsari Campus till 4.00 p.m. The staff of the Junior Schools refresh their skills through workshops and special training modules while the students enrich their learning by participating in inter-house activities.
Although it is an English medium school, Indian culture is strongly valued. It is one of the most sought after schools in the country. It is also recognized for academic excellence and was identified among the top ten schools in the country based on academic performance at the Indian School Certificate Examination of 2013.
Houses.
The school has four houses - 
Vasundhara (the earth - red)
Sagar (the ocean - blue) 
Srishti (creation - green)
Himgiri (mountains - yellow)
The Houses are allotted at random although siblings are usually given the same House.The Student Council is elected at Senior School by the student body, whereas it is nominated at Junior School.Investiture Ceremonies are performed each year at the Founder's Day celebrations. The Council leads the student body in matters of the school, house, sport and discipline.
School Colours.
The Shri Ram School's colours are red and yellow. Red symbolises vermillion and yellow symbolises turmeric - both of significance in traditional Indian rituals.
The Shri Ram School - Aravali's colours are reddish beige symbolising sandalwood and yellow for turmeric - these too have significance in Indian culture and Ayurveda.
Environment.
Each campus is a zero garbage zone, it harvests its roof top rain water, recycles grey water, composts garbage, recycles paper and conserves energy. All campuses are polythene free zones and a fine of up to Rs. 50/- can be levied for the offense (by the Green Brigade).
The Junior Schools are equipped with a 'Green Brigade' that emphasises saving the environment within the school and in the neighbourhood. The Senior Schools have a Tiger Task Force that visits nearby tiger reserves and helps in any way that they can towards the conservation of the tiger - India's national animal.
Motto.
"Vidya Dadaati Vinayam" - May Education Foster Humility.
Also the national anthem is widely sung at Shri Ram
Awards
The Shri Ram School was rated the best school in India in 2010 by the magazine "Education World" whereas in 2011 it came in second.
Curriculum.
The Shri Ram School boasts of the "only" documented Junior School curriculum in the State. It is the schools statement of purpose and establishes the learning outcomes expected of a student at the Junior School.
The school ascribes to the ISC and ICSE Boards. In addition, the IB Diploma Programme (since January 2005), administered by the International Baccalaureate (IB) and the National Indian Open Schooling Certificate are offered at the Senior School.
""I have no doubt that your school belongs in the IB and the IB Diploma belongs in your school. It will be a wonderful fit both ways. In terms of your community work - as well as the overall ethos and philosophy of the school, - I would even say you are outstanding among IB schools already. I have no doubt that you will very soon become a "model" which other schools in your area who are considering taking on the Diploma will be directed to.""
-Rick Nikolai, IB coordinator (, Seisen International School, Japan. (member of IB authorisation team)
Campus facilities/infrastructure.
The Junior School is nestled at the edge of the Ridge Forest on a plot.
The school has a science laboratory, computer and ICT labs, music and dance rooms, lunch room, assembly hall sports facilities, a yoga room and an all weather performance area- "Shri Manch".
The grey-green stone façade of Senior School, set amidst of gently undulating green of the campus, is set against the desert landscape of Gurgaon. The building's design is based on 'clusters' of rooms for the Middle School, the Senior School and the Administrative offices. Ramps facilitate access for students and visitors. Interspersed in between are the Library, the computer laboratories, science laboratories, AV room, workshop room, the liberal arts studio, the auditorium, the gymnasium, the medical room, the SEN/NIOS rooms, the kitchens, the lunch area and staff rooms. The school's auditorium is rivalled possibly by the one at Epicentre, Gurgaon.
The Shri Ram School - Aravali sits at the heart of the Hamilton Court complex in DLF City, Phase IV, Gurgaon. Its large campus is equipped with basketball courts, a football ground, a cricket pitch and an outdoor stage. The school has an operational Multi Purpose Hall and a resource centre.
The building has two wings - the Junior and Senior, containing the library, science laboratories, Computer Laboratories, workshop room/AV room, SEN/NIOS rooms, art and craft rooms, music and dance studios, the lunch hall. A new wing for the Elementary School is under construction, designed for low consumption of energy - the rooms will not need to be lit during the days, they will be well ventilated and naturally insulated against the heat and cold, with solar panels on the roof and roof top rain water harvesting.
There is a plan to add another building in the DLF campus. An extra floor is also being added to the older school buildings of the DLF campus. An extra floor has already been added to The Shri Ram School - Aravali and an auditorium has been constructed.
Developing a social conscience.
Each campus provides opportunity to the less advantaged in the community. Vasant Vihar plays host to Vidya Bal Vihar, Aravali to Vidya Comfort School, and Moulsari to Balwadi providing a space for 'slum' children to get their education in a 'proper school'.
The children of Class XI take part each year in Socially Useful Productive Work (SUPW) during which they spend a week in a village, experiencing every aspect of village life and contributing to it. Prior to the trip, the village is asked for a wish list and the children offer physical labour to fulfil that need. For example, the students have constructed a road, built a shed in the cremation ground and a completely cemented basketball court - acquiring the skills needed to do so. The students work with the villagers, visit their homes and share their food thus gaining a true understanding of the challenges and strengths of rural India.
The children of the same age group that have opted for the IB Diploma Programme take on a similar initiative - that of Community, action, service (CAS).
In 2010, after the 2010 Leh floods, its students formed "Mission Julley", (Julley means 'hello' in the local language), an initiative which included an online community page and events, collected Rs 8 lakh for three schools and a Relief Camp in Leh. The entire parent and student body was involved in raising money.

</doc>
<doc id="20205850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205850" title="Nishi Mikado">
Nishi Mikado

Etymology of the name.
In 1180 the locality of in today's Nishi Mikado was chosen by Minamoto no Yoritomo as the seat of his government, which he called . (46 years later, after Hōjō Masako's death, the government's headquarters were transferred to a location near Wakamiya Ōji and renamed ). The compound had four gates, and the western one gave its name to the area it faced. The area east of Egara Tenjinsha, now called , used to be called Higashi Mikado, and the name is still sometimes used. Kita Mikado still exists as well but, like Higashi Mikado, it does not constitute a "chō". 
The Kamakurachō Seinendan stele in Nishi Mikado says:
Nishi Mikado is the area west of the Hokkedō. It was given this name because it faced the Ōkura Bakufu's western gate. In Nishi Mikado used to stand called Hōon-ji, Hojuin, Kōshō-ji, and Raikō-ji. Of them, only Raikō-ji still exists. 

</doc>
<doc id="20205855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205855" title="You Sound Like Louis Burdett">
You Sound Like Louis Burdett

"You Sound Like Louis Burdett" is the lead single by The Whitlams from their 3rd album, "Eternal Nightcap". It was
released on January 11, 1997 and did not chart. It was included on The Whitlams compilation album, "Truth, Beauty and a Picture of You". The single was placed at number 53 of Triple J's Hottest 100 of that year.
Louis Burdett is an eccentric inner-west Sydney personality. Tim Freedman once shared a cottage in Tempe with Burdett, who is described on the Whitlams' official site as "an underemployed avant-garde musician." The song's narrator repeatedly scolds himself for sounding like Louis Burdett.

</doc>
<doc id="20205870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205870" title="Raymond Routledge">
Raymond Routledge


</doc>
<doc id="20205872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205872" title="Schools of ukiyo-e artists">
Schools of ukiyo-e artists

Ukiyo-e artists may be organized into schools, which consist of a founding artist and those artists who were taught by or strongly influenced by him. Artists of the Osaka school are united both stylistically and geographically. Not all of these artists designed woodblock prints, and some ukiyo-e artists had more than one teacher, and others are not known to be associated with any particular school.

</doc>
<doc id="20205887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205887" title="Eligibility for the NBA draft">
Eligibility for the NBA draft

The NBA draft is an annual event in which the 30 franchises in the National Basketball Association select new players for their teams. Eligibility rules for prospective players have changed several times during the history of the league. No player may sign with the NBA until he has been eligible for at least one draft.
Early history.
In the earliest days of the NBA, three players entered the NBA without having played in college (although one of them did not enter the league until he was 39 years old). However, the league eventually established a rule that "a player could not make himself available" for the draft until four years after his high school graduation.
"Haywood v. NBA".
The first major challenge to the NBA's eligibility rules came from Spencer Haywood. He graduated from high school in 1967, at a time when college freshmen were not allowed to play varsity sports for NCAA member schools. He played one year at a Colorado junior college, followed by a season at the University of Detroit. After the 1968-69 season, he left college for the NBA's rival at the time, the , which had no rule restricting college underclassmen from entering the league, and had a spectacularly successful rookie season with the Denver Rockets (the predecessor to today's Denver Nuggets), being named the ABA's Rookie of the Year and MVP. Near the end of the season, he turned 21; shortly after its end, he repudiated his contract with the Rockets, claiming he had been defrauded. Haywood then signed a contract with the Seattle SuperSonics, which put him and the Sonics on a collision course with the NBA, as he was only three years removed from his high school graduation.
The NBA threatened to disallow the contract and impose sanctions against the Sonics. Haywood responded by filing an antitrust suit against the league, seeking an injunction to prevent the NBA from disallowing the contract or punishing the Sonics. The case eventually reached the U.S. Supreme Court, which issued a 7–2 decision in Haywood's favor in 1971.
After the decision, the NBA allowed players to leave college early as "hardship cases", which essentially meant that the player had to prove financial hardship. This rule quickly developed into one that was observed in the breach, with "Sport" magazine writer Jackie Lapin commenting in the 1970s that "Almost anyone who has been any good at the game in the past decade would qualify a hardship case — with the probable exception of Bill Bradley, the banker's son."
Later history.
Within a few years of the "Haywood" decision, three high schoolers chose to enter the professional ranks without ever enrolling in a college. The first was Moses Malone, who went to the ABA upon his high school graduation in 1974, almost immediately establishing himself as a star of the future. After the ABA-NBA merger in 1976, his career continued on its upward trajectory, ultimately earning him three NBA MVP awards, four appearances on the All-NBA First Team, 12 consecutive NBA All-Star Game appearances, an NBA title, a place among the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History, and enshrinement in the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. In 1975, Darryl Dawkins and Bill Willoughby both went to the NBA from high school. Dawkins had a solid 14-year career in the NBA, while Willoughby was no more than a journeyman in eight NBA seasons.
These players were greatly outnumbered by college underclassmen who chose to leave early for the NBA. While underclass draftees are too numerous to list, it can be noted that among the aforementioned 50 Greatest Players, 10 (not including Malone) left college early for the NBA.
After Dawkins and Willoughby, no high school player went directly to the NBA for 20 years, although Lloyd Daniels and Shawn Kemp went to the NBA without having played college basketball (both had enrolled in college, but never played). That would change in 1995 with the arrival of future NBA MVP Kevin Garnett, who was selected fifth overall. The following year, another future MVP in Kobe Bryant and a future All-Star in Jermaine O'Neal were first-round picks out of high school. Most years after that saw at least one, and often more, high-schoolers drafted, most notably Tracy McGrady (1997), Kwame Brown (the first high-schooler to be the #1 overall pick, in 2001), Amar'e Stoudemire (2002), LeBron James (#1 in 2003), and Dwight Howard (#1 in 2004).
However, the influx of high-schoolers caused considerable controversy. When the NBA and its players union negotiated a new Collective Bargaining Agreement (CBA) in 2005, NBA Commissioner David Stern publicly called for a higher age limit of 20, stating that he wanted the league's scouts and general managers out of high school gyms and that too many young urban Americans incorrectly saw the NBA as a sure path to fame and financial security. Most of the players were opposed to an age limit; Jermaine O'Neal was perhaps the most strident critic, accusing the NBA of racism. Ultimately, the union reluctantly agreed to an age limit of 19, accepting it in exchange for tweaks to salary cap rules that were favorable to the players' interests.
Current rules.
The current eligibility rules were established under the NBA's collective bargaining agreement (CBA), which expired in , resulting in a lockout. The new CBA, approved in December 2011, made no changes to the draft rules, but called for the NBA and its players union to form a committee to discuss draft-related issues. The basic rules that started in the 2006 draft are:
The "one year out of high school" requirement is "in addition to" the age requirement. For example, although O. J. Mayo turned 19 in November 2006, six months before his high school graduation, he was not eligible until the 2008 draft, a year after his high school class graduated. Stern stated the rules were business-related and not a "social program", citing the need to see players perform against higher competition before they are evaluated for valuable draft picks.
Automatic eligibility.
Players whose 19th birthday falls during or before the calendar year of the draft, are at least one year removed from the graduation of their high school class, and who do not meet the criteria for "international" players are automatically eligible if they meet any of the following criteria:
Those who have reached the minimum eligibility age of 19 and meet the criteria for "international" players are automatically eligible if they meet any of the following criteria:
"Early entry" player.
Players who are not automatically eligible, but wish to be drafted, must declare their eligibility no later than 60 days before the draft. After this date, "early entry" players may attend NBA pre-draft camps and individual team workouts to show off their skills and obtain feedback regarding their draft positions. Under the CBA, a player may withdraw his name from consideration from the draft at any time before the final declaration date, which is 10 days before the draft. However, the NCAA adopted a rule that took effect in August 2009 that requires players at its member institutions to withdraw no later than May 8 to retain their college eligibility; the first draft affected by this rule was the 2010 draft. In 2011, the NCAA further shortened its timeline for players to withdraw and retain eligibility; the deadline now falls one day before the start of the spring signing period for men's basketball, which occurs in April. A player who declares for the draft will lose his college eligibility, even if he is not drafted, if any of the following is true:
Definition of "international players".
The CBA defines "international players" for draft purposes as those who meet all of the following criteria:
Note that this definition is very different from what the NBA uses in listing "international players" on its team rosters. For that purpose, the league defines an "international player" specifically as one born outside the 50 United States or the District of Columbia.
Reaction of high school players.
In the third annual "High School Hoops" magazine, the players weighed in on the subject of the new rules regarding draft eligibility. Many of them felt that it was unfair. Kansas State freshman Bill Walker, said (as a junior in high school), "I'm against it. I don't see why you have to be 19 to play a game of basketball when you can be 18 and go to war for our country and die. It's ridiculous." Jerryd Bayless said "It's not fair at all. If a tennis player can go pro at 13, I don't understand why a basketball player can't go pro at 18." A possible number one pick out of high school, had the rule not been put in place, was Greg Oden (though he was still picked first in 2007). When asked about the agreement he said "It's unfair, but it's over with now, so there's no reason to complain." In spite of the claims that the rule is unfair, Wayne Ellington of North Carolina, said that "…I also think it's going to help the league a little bit. Some guys who come in, like from this year's draft, it will help." Brandan Wright said that "It may hurt guys who need money, but it will help people grow and develop."
On the specific topic of Oden entering the draft, Jack Keefer, Oden's high school coach at Lawrence North, Indiana, said, "I really think he thought he was going to college. He seems to be more at ease with himself right now. I think the stress came with worrying about the NBA."

</doc>
<doc id="20205905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205905" title="Love Screw">
Love Screw

"Love Screw" is MAX's 26th single on the Avex Trax label.
Charts.
Oricon Sales Chart (Japan)

</doc>
<doc id="20205931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205931" title="Isabella Pajardi">
Isabella Pajardi

Isabella Pajardi (born 24 January 1989) is an Italian former competitive ice dancer. She started skating at age four and was a single skater until 2000 when she began ice dancing with Stefano Caruso. They are the 2008 Italian junior national champions and placed 9th at the 2008 World Junior Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20205932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205932" title="Berrook, Victoria">
Berrook, Victoria

Berrook is a locality situated in remote north-west Victoria in the Sunraysia region. The place by road, about 8 kilometres east from Peebinga South Australia and only about 3 kilometres from the South Australian Border. It can be found by following the Panitya- Berrook unsealed road north for 30 kilometres from Sunset. It is in the local government area of the Rural City of Mildura.
Berrook is near the south-west areas of the Murray-Sunset National Park.
Berrook Post Office opened on 18 February 1929 and closed in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="20205948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205948" title="Stefano Caruso">
Stefano Caruso

Stefano Caruso (born 19 April 1987) is a German ice dancer. With partner Tanja Kolbe, he has won seven international medals and is a two-time German national silver medalist. Earlier in his career, he competed for Italy with Isabella Pajardi.
Career.
Early career.
Caruso began skating at the age of nine, in ice dance from the start, and teamed up with Isabella Pajardi in 2000. They won the 2008 Italian national junior title and placed 9th at the 2008 World Junior Championships. After they split up in 2010, Caruso had tryouts with an American, Isabella Tobias, and a Canadian.
Partnership with Kolbe.
Caruso teamed up with Tanja Kolbe in 2010 to represent Germany. In their first season together, they took bronze at the 2010 Ice Challenge and at the 2011 German Championships.
In their second season together, Kolbe/Caruso won two international medals, gold at the 2011 NRW Trophy and bronze at the Istanbul Cup. They took the silver medal at the German Championships and were assigned to the 2012 European Championships where they finished 12th. The duo split up after the event but teamed up again in July 2012.
In the 2012–13 season, Kolbe/Caruso took silver again at the German Championships and earned another trip to the European Championships where they finished 8th. They won two international medals – bronze at both the New Year's Cup and Volvo Open Cup.
In the 2013–14 season, Kolbe/Caruso were invited to their first Grand Prix event, the 2013 Trophee Eric Bompard where they placed 7th. They added two more international medals to their collection – bronze at the 2013 Ondrej Nepela Trophy and Ice Challenge.
Personal life.
Caruso is studying languages and communication in Bergamo. He became a German citizen in September 2013. In January 2014, he began working for the Bundeswehr's sports group.

</doc>
<doc id="20205981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205981" title="MV China Star">
MV China Star

MV "China Star" ("中华之星") is the world's largest ship with a SWATH design, and the only twin-hull cruise ship ever built. It has operated in Hong Kong as the gambling ship "Asia Star" for Asia Cruises. This 350-person all balcony luxury cruise ship was the largest SWATH ship in the world when it was built, displacing more than 11,500 tons when originally known as the "Radisson Diamond" and built in Finland.
In June 2011, the ship was purchased for $45M by China Cruises Company Limited, the deal being led by Chinese millionaire entrepreneur Huang Weijian, CEO of CCCL. Another $20M was spent refurbishing her. Operation started on March 9, 2012, as the first ship of the new CCCL luxury cruise line.

</doc>
<doc id="20205986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20205986" title="Wagenknecht">
Wagenknecht

Wagenknecht is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20206004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206004" title="Miuna Saito">
Miuna Saito

Country Musume.
She was introduced to Country Musume in mid-2003 instead of Rika Ishikawa. On January 28, 2007, she graduated from Country Musume along with member Asami Kimura.
Gatas Brilhantes H.P..
She was one of the first players to play with the team when it formed on September 2003. In the time with the team, she was No.4. She also scored a penalty that won them a title. She left the team around July, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20206011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206011" title="Mestaruussarja">
Mestaruussarja

Mestaruussarja (Championship series) was the top division of Finnish football from 1930 to 1989. It was replaced by Veikkausliiga in 1990.
In 1930 league format was used for the first time to decide Finnish champion. Before that from 1908 to 1929 the championship was decided with cup competition. The league was dominated by clubs from Helsinki, Turku and Vyborg. The first champion was HIFK from Helsinki. In 1935 four best clubs were from Helsinki and in 1934 and 1936 top three clubs also came from Helsinki. From 1908 to 1940 the championship went outside of Helsinki on only six occasions. Kuopio was the first inland city to get into the league when Pallotoverit were promoted in 1938. During World War I years the league was sometimes cut short, abandoned or decided with cup competition instead. In 1940s TUL clubs also participated.
The last Mestaruussarja season was 1989 and FC Kuusysi was crowned as the last champions. The new top level division was at first called "SM-liiga" and later renamed as Veikkausliiga.
Mestaruussarja consisted of 8 clubs when it was founded. It was later expanded to ten and at the time of dissolution league had 12 clubs. The league's popularity peaked in 1960s. Ten HJK matches between 1964 and 1969 had more than 10,000 spectators. The highest attendance was 17,293 between HJK and FC Haka in 1965. Highest average attendance was 3,071 in 1967, a figure that is yet to be beaten by current Veikkausliiga.

</doc>
<doc id="20206016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206016" title="Brown Owl, New Zealand">
Brown Owl, New Zealand

Brown Owl is a suburb of Upper Hutt located in the lower North Island of New Zealand.
The origin of the name Brown Owl is somewhat uncertain, with at least 3 different stories offered by various historians.
The "Tea Room" origins appear to be the most plausible because the New Zealand Geographic Board Place Name Database locates "Brown Owl" close to the road junction. While the place name appears in the Place Name Database, because it is shown on maps, it has not been gazetted officially. It is even possible the place name is "Brown Owl Corner". Additionally, the "Te Marua School", which had stood on the other side of the road since 1879, only changed its name to "Brown Owl School" in 1973, when the Rimutaka Riding of Hutt County was incorporated into Upper Hutt City.

</doc>
<doc id="20206033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206033" title="Begonia veitchii">
Begonia veitchii

Begonia veitchii is a plant in the begonia family, Begoniaceae, which was introduced to Europe in 1866 by Richard Pearce who discovered it in the Peruvian Andes near Cusco at an elevation of from and . It was named after Pearce's employers, James Veitch & Sons of Chelsea, London. It can be found today in the mountains around Machu Picchu. A later plant collector, Walter Davis, found "Begonia veitchii" inhabiting rocky positions by waterfalls, in company with "Masdevallia veitchiana".
"Begonia veitchii" played an important role in the development of today's popular hybrid cultivars and, together with Pearce's other introductions, "B. boliviensis" and "B. pearcei", was subsequently hybridized to produce the "Begonia × tuberhybrida" cultivar group.
Description.
The flowers are bright red-orange. They have rounded petals and are displayed on strong erect stalks well above the foliage.
According to "Hortus Veitchii", Sir Joseph Dalton Hooker, writing in the "Botanical Magazine", described this as ""the finest species then known"", saying: "Of all the species of Begonia known, this is, I think, the finest. With the habit of Saxifraga ciliata, immense flowers of a vivid vermilion cinnabar-red, that no colorist can reproduce, it adds the novel feature of being hardy in certain parts of England at any rate, if not in all."

</doc>
<doc id="20206051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206051" title="Yellow Bear">
Yellow Bear

YELLOW BEAR "Matȟó Ǧí" (ca. 1844–1913) was an Oglala Lakota leader.
The First Yellow Bear.
The first Yellow Bear was a prominent headman among the Tapisleca Tiyospaye (translated as the Spleen or Melt Band), one of the major divisions of the southern Oglala Lakota. He accompanied the first Oglala delegation to Washington, D.C. in 1870. By the following year, Colonel John E. Smith rated the size of this leader’s village at about 40 lodges, one of the largest family groups within the Tapisleca Band. Yellow Bear was murdered in 1872 near Fort Laramie during a fight with the controversial white trader John Richard Jr. 
As the Lakota reservations were being established following the Fort Laramie Treaty of 1868, the majority of the Tapisleca gave up their buffalo hunting way of life and settled at the Red Cloud Agency. By 1874, leadership of Yellow Bear's band appears to have passed to his younger brother, Black Hawk. At about this same time, another Oglala named Yellow Bear began to emerge among the Tapisleca, perhaps another "brother" (in the widest Lakota sense).
Great Sioux War of 1876-77.
Born about 1844 or 1845, Yellow Bear was one of several younger Oglala leaders who came into prominence among the Lakota during the Great Sioux War of 1876-77. With the traditional avenues of a warrior no longer available, he is an example of how a new generation of leaders found success as an intermediary between the U.S. government and the Lakota people. Yellow Bear enlisted as a scout in General George Crook’s Indian Scouts in the fall of 1876 and he participated in the Powder River Expedition, fighting alongside the Army against the Northern Cheyenne in the Dull Knife Fight. 
By February 1877, Yellow Bear had been promoted to Sergeant in Company B, Indian Scouts, and he was recognized as the primary headman or spokesman of the Tapisleca band at the Red Cloud Agency, indications of his growing influence. Photographer D. S. Mitchell included a portrait of Yellow Bear in his series of prominent Oglala portraits taken that summer or fall. During the excitement over Crazy Horse in the fall of 1877, Yellow Bear attended the council with other Oglala headmen. When Indian scouts were used to surround Crazy Horse’s village on September 4, Yellow Bear was not present but he sent word that he agreed with the action. In the fall of 1877, he was selected as one of the Oglala delegates together with Red Cloud sent to Washington, D.C. to meet with the President. “I want to know now which is the best way we can live for a long time,” he told President Hayes. “I have a band of my own and I have come down to work for them.”
Later life.
Yellow Bear married his first wife, Wild Horse, about 1870. About four years later, he married his wife’s younger sister, Holy Day. Together, the family bore eight children, four of whom grew to adulthood.
As the Oglala settled on the Pine Ridge Agency after 1878, the family bands within the Tapisleca established various communities. Yellow Bear’s community, known as the Shkokpaya, settled just northwest of Allen, South Dakota, within what later became known as the Pass Creek District of the reservation. The 1890 Pine Ridge census lists the Shkokpaya with 22 families or 99 people. Among the band members listed was Imitates Dog ("Sunka Onca"), a brother of Yellow Bear. Other sisters of Yellow Bear’s wives married Yellow Hawk and Little Crow, both also members of the Shkokpaya. Another prominent member of the Shkokpaya was Pawnee Killer, though his relationship to Yellow Bear is not known.
Yellow Bear continued to serve as a prominent Oglala leader at Pine Ridge, again traveling to Washington, D.C. in 1888. He died September 1, 1913 near Allen, South Dakota.

</doc>
<doc id="20206072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206072" title="Arshad Mehmood (composer)">
Arshad Mehmood (composer)

Arshad Mehmood is a Pakistani actor, music composer, and singer. He is best known for his acting roles in popular Pakistani TV drama serials such as Aangan Terha and Dhoop Kinare and the music composition of many popular Ghazals from the poetry of Faiz Ahmed Faiz.
Career.
Acting.
Arshad Mehmood is perhaps best known for his acting role in Aangan Terha, a popular TV drama serial. He also played a secondary but important role of "Baba" (Dr Ahmer's foster father) in the drama serial Dhoop Kinare. Other acting performance includes Ankahi.He also participated an important role and music composition in Program SUCH GUP (70s). 
Music composition.
Arshad Mehmood has composed music for many Ghazals sung by Nayyara Noor and Tina Sani. He composed music for many Pakistani drama serials and long plays including Dhoop Kinare. Some of the ghazals included in the music of the drama Dhoop Kinare were performed by Nayyara Noor including "Main tum se na puchun", "Raat yun dil mein teri" and "Hansi khanakti hui" (the theme song). He is also supported Ali Haider from the very beginning of his careeron his first musical album Jane-Jan-Sun which was released by EMI Pakistan. In this album the song DOSTI KI MEHK was included which was also included in Dhoop Kinare. If the recording is seen carefully his music is all over serial. He has also composed music for many Milli naghmas (National songs) including "Watan ki mitti gwah rehna".
Also Arshad Mehmood composed the background music for the drama serial; Tanhaiyaan
Recent works.
He acted in Khamosh Pani (2003), a movie set in Pakistan of 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="20206102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206102" title="When the Ship Goes Down">
When the Ship Goes Down

When The Ship Goes Down EP is the second official release by the Australian indie band The Holidays. It was released on 11 October 2008, less than 6 months after the release of their debut EP. Recorded with Wayne Connolly, When The Ship Goes Down is essentially a concept EP "about the decline of relationships and the thrill when one catches you by surprise". 
As explained by Alex Kortt, "the reason for doing the two EPs was to do with giving people a good snapshot of where we’re at musically. Not only that, but to really make sure that before we do an album we know exactly the direction we want to take. I mean as far as where we were at mentally we probably just weren’t at the stage where we wanted to do an album just yet."
The lead single off this EP was "Mexico" which a music video was also made for. It received regular airplay on national youth radio station Triple J.

</doc>
<doc id="20206108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206108" title="Fifth Test, 1948 Ashes series">
Fifth Test, 1948 Ashes series

The Fifth Test of the 1948 Ashes series, held at The Oval in London, was the final Test in a cricket series between Australia and England. The match took place on 14–18 August, with a rest day on 15 August. Australia won the match by an innings and 149 runs to complete a 4–0 series win. It was the last Test in the career of Australian captain Donald Bradman, generally regarded as the best batsman in the history of the sport. Going into the match, if Australia batted only once, Bradman needed only four runs from his final innings to have a Test batting average of exactly 100, but he failed to score, bowled second ball for a duck by leg spinner Eric Hollies.
With the series already lost, the England selectors continued to make many changes, on this occasion, four. In all, they had used 21 players for the series and were severely criticised for failing to maintain continuity. England captain Norman Yardley won the toss, and elected to bat on a pitch affected by rain. After a delayed start due to inclement weather, the Australian pace attack, led by Ray Lindwall, dismissed England within the first day for just 52. Lindwall was the main destroyer, taking six wickets for 20 runs (6/20). The English batsmen found it difficult to cope with his prodigious swing and pace; four of his wickets were either bowled or leg before wicket. Len Hutton was the only batsman to resist, making 30 before being the final man dismissed. In reply, Australia's opening pair of Arthur Morris and Sid Barnes passed England's score on the same afternoon with no loss of wickets. The opening stand ended at 117 when Barnes fell for 61 and Bradman came to the crease to a standing ovation and three cheers from his opponents. He fell second ball, but Australia reached 153/2 at stumps on the first day.
On the second day, Australian batsmen fell regularly once Lindsay Hassett was dismissed at 226/3, most of them being troubled by Hollies, who had been selected after taking 8/107 against Australia for Warwickshire. Morris was an exception and he made 196, more than half his team's total, before being run out as Australia were dismissed for 389. Hollies took 5/131. England reached 54/1 at stumps and by lunch on the third day were 121/2, Hutton and Denis Compton batting steadily. However, they suffered a late collapse to be 178/7 when bad light and rain stopped the day's play. Hutton top-scored for the second time in the match for England, making 64. The next morning, Bill Johnston took the last three wickets as England were bowled out for 188, ending the match. Johnston ended with 4/40 and Lindwall 3/50.
The match was followed by speeches from both captains, after which the crowd sang "For He's a Jolly Good Fellow" in Bradman's honour. Having been undefeated in their matches up to this point, the Australians maintained their streak in the remaining fixtures, gaining them the sobriquet of "The Invincibles".
Background.
After the first four Tests, Australia led the series 3–0, having won all but the Third Test, which was rain-affected. They had taken an unlikely win in the Fourth Test at Headingley, scoring 404/3 in their second innings, the highest ever score in a successful Test runchase.
Australia had been unbeaten throughout the tour. Between the Fourth and Fifth Test, they played five tour matches. They defeated Derbyshire by an innings, before having a washout against Glamorgan. The Australians then defeated Warwickshire by nine wickets, before drawing with Lancashire, who hung on with three wickets in hand on the final day. Australia's final lead-in outing was a two-day non-first-class match against Durham, which was drawn after rain washed out the second day.
With the series already lost, England made four changes to their team. John Dewes replaced Cyril Washbrook—who broke his thumb in a match for Lancashire against the Australians—at the top of the order. Dewes had gained attention after scoring 51 for Middlesex in the tour match against the Australians. In the three weeks between then and the Test, he had scored 105 and 89 against Lancashire and Sussex respectively. However, he had averaged less than 40 for the season and made three consecutive scores below 20 leading into the Tests. The journalist and former Australian Test cricketer Bill O'Reilly condemned the decision, claiming that aside from defending the ball, Dewes was too reliant on slogging towards the leg side with a horizontal bat. O'Reilly claimed Dewes was not ready for Test cricket and that asking him to face the rampant Australians could have psychologically scarred him. He said the selection "was tantamount to asking a young first-year medical student to carry out an intricate operation with a butcher's knife."
Allan Watkins replaced Ken Cranston as the middle order batsman and pace bowler. Both Dewes and Watkins were making their Test debut, and the latter became the second Welshman to play in an Ashes Test. Watkins had scored 19 and taken 1/47 for Glamorgan in their match against Australia two weeks earlier, but had only scored 168 runs at 18.66 and taken 11 wickets in his last six matches. Cranston had made a duck and 10, and taken 1/79 on his debut in the previous Test. While acknowledging Cranston's poor performances and concluding that he had not been of international quality, O'Reilly said Watkins' performance in Glamorgan's match against the Australians "had not inspired anyone with his ability" to counter the tourists' bowling.
England played two spinners; left arm orthodox spinner Jack Young replaced fellow finger spinner Jim Laker, while the leg spin of Eric Hollies replaced the pace bowling of Dick Pollard. Hollies was brought into the team because he had caused the Australian batsmen difficulty in the tour match against Warwickshire. He took 8/107 in the first innings, the best innings figures against the Australians for the summer. His performance included bowling Bradman with a topspinner that went between bat and pad. It was part of a month-long run in which he took 52 wickets in seven matches, including two ten-wicket match hauls. Young had taken 12 and 14 wickets in consecutive matches against Northamptonshire and Surrey since his omission following the Third Test, while Pollard and Laker had managed totals of only 2/159 and 3/206 respectively in the Headingley Test.
Having made only 5 and 18 in the previous Test, Jack Crapp was originally dropped from the team but was reprieved by Washbrook's injury. The England selectors were widely condemned for their decisions, which were seen as an investment in youth rather than necessarily picking the best players available at the time. Their frequent changes meant the home team had used a total of 21 players for the five Tests.
Australia made three changes. Having taken only seven wickets in the first four Tests at an average of 61.00, off spinner Ian Johnson was replaced by leg spinner Doug Ring. Australia's second change was forced on them; the injured medium pacer Ernie Toshack was replaced by the opening batsman Sid Barnes, who had missed the Fourth Test with a rib injury. This meant Australia were playing with one extra batsman and one less frontline bowler. The final change was the return of first-choice wicket-keeper Don Tallon from injury and the omission of his deputy Ron Saggers.
The two nations had last met at The Oval in the Fifth Test of the 1938 Ashes series, during Australia's previous tour of England. On that occasion, England made a Test world record score of 903/7 declared, and Len Hutton made 364, an individual Test world record. Australia batted in both innings with only nine men because of injuries sustained by Bradman and Jack Fingleton during Hutton's 13-hour marathon effort. They collapsed to the heaviest defeat in Test history, by an innings and 579 runs. It was Australia's last Test before World War II and they had not lost a Test since then.
Hundreds of spectators had slept on wet pavements outside the stadium in rainy weather on the eve of the Test to queue for tickets. Bradman had announced his forthcoming retirement at the end of the season, so the public were anxious to witness his last appearance at Test level.
14 August: Day One.
English skipper Norman Yardley won the toss and elected to bat on a rain-affected pitch. Precipitation in the week leading up to the match meant the Test could not start until after midday. Yardley's decision was regarded as a surprise. Although The Oval had a reputation as a batting paradise, weather conditions suggested that bowlers would be at an advantage. Jack Fingleton, a former Test team-mate of Bradman who was covering the tour as a journalist, thought the Australians would have bowled had they won the toss. However, O'Reilly disagreed, saying the pitch was so wet it should have favoured the batsmen because the ball would bounce slowly from the surface. He further thought the slippery run-up areas would have forced the faster bowlers to operate less vigorously to avoid injuring themselves. The damp conditions necessitated the addition of large amounts of sawdust to allow the bowlers to keep their footing, because parts of the pitch were muddy. The humidity, along with the rain, assisted the bowlers; Lindwall in particular managed to make the ball bounce at variable heights.
Dewes and Len Hutton opened for England, a move that attracted criticism of Yardley for exposing the debutant Dewes to the new ball bowling of Lindwall and Keith Miller. After Hutton opened the scoring with a single from the second ball of the day, Dewes was on strike. The single had almost turned into a five when Sam Loxton fired in a wide return, but Sid Barnes managed to prevent from going for four overthrows. Dewes took a single from the opening over—bowled by Lindwall—and thus faced the start of the second over, which was delivered by Miller. Dewes had been troubled by Miller in the past. During the Victory Tests in 1945, Miller had repeatedly dismissed the batsman, and during a match for Cambridge University against the Australians earlier in the tour, Dewes had used towels to pad his torso against Miller's short balls. During his short innings, Dewes was also visibly nervous and kept on moving around, unable to stand still.
Miller caused a stoppage after his first ball in order to sprinkle sawdust on the crease. With the second ball, he bowled Dewes—who was playing across the line—middle stump for one with an inswinger to leave England at 2/1. However, despite the early wicket, the bowlers appeared to lack confidence in their run-up on the soggy ground. Bradman made an early bowling change and brought Johnston into the attack to replace Miller after the latter had bowled three overs for the concession of two runs. At this time, Bradman adopted relatively defensive field settings despite the early breakthrough. Bill Edrich joined Hutton and they played cautiously until the former attempted to hook a short ball from Johnston. He failed to get the ball in the middle of the bat and it looped up and travelled around . Lindsay Hassett took the catch just behind square leg, diving sideways and getting two hands to the ball. This left England at 10/2 as Denis Compton came to the crease. Lindwall bounced Compton, drawing an edge that flew towards the slips cordon. However, the ball continued to rise and cleared the ring of Australian fielders. Hutton called Compton for a run, but his surprised partner was watching the ball narrowly evade the slips catchers and dropped his bat in panic. Luckily for Compton, the ball went to Hassett at third man, who stopped the ball and waited for Compton to regain his bat and his composure before returning the ball, thereby forfeiting the opportunity to run him out. However, this sporting gesture did not cost Australia many runs because when Compton was on three, Lindwall bowled another bouncer. Compton went for a hook shot and Arthur Morris ran from his position at short square leg to take a difficult catch. Bradman later said he had remembered how Compton had been out in exactly the same position in the corresponding match at the same ground during the 1938 series. Fingleton described Morris's effort as "one of the catches of the season". England were 17/3, and Crapp came in to join Hutton. At this point, Bradman began to put in place more attacking field settings. Johnston then hit Hutton on the fingers with a ball that rose sharply after pitching. Bradman took Lindwall off after 50 minutes and replaced him with Miller, who then removed Crapp, caught behind from an outside edge for a 23-ball duck, leaving England at 23/4. When play was adjourned for lunch with England on 29/4, Hutton was 17 while Yardley was on four. According to Fingleton, Hutton "had never been in the slightest difficulty". He had played cautiously but did not seem hurried by the bowling. Miller had taken 2/3 from six overs.
After the lunch break, England added six runs to be 35/4, before Lindwall bowled Yardley with a swinging yorker. The debutant Watkins came in, having earned a reputation in Glamorgan's match against Australia for hooking. He made several attempts at the shot in his innings of 16 balls. He attempted a hook shot from a short ball and missed before being hit on the shoulder by another Lindwall bouncer, having tried to hook the ball downwards in an unorthodox manner akin to a tennis serve. He was then dismissed without scoring after playing across the line and being trapped leg before wicket by Johnston for a duck to leave England at 42/6. For his troubles, Watkins also collected a bruise from the hit to the shoulder, which inhibited his bowling later in the match. Lindwall then removed Godfrey Evans, Alec Bedser and Young, all yorked by swinging deliveries in the space of two runs, as England fell from 45/6 to 47/9. This brought Hollies in at No. 11 to accompany Hutton, who then hit the only boundary of the innings, lofting Lindwall for a straight drive back over his head. The ball almost went for six, landing just short of the boundary. The innings ended at 52 when Hutton—who never appeared troubled by the bowling—leg glanced Lindwall and was caught by wicket-keeper Don Tallon, who caught the ball one-handed at full stretch to his left. Lindwall described the catch as one of the best he had ever seen, while O'Reilly called it "extraordinarily good".
The match saw Lindwall at his best. In his post-lunch spell, Lindwall bowled 8.1 overs, taking five wickets for eight runs, and finishing with 6/20 from 16.1 overs. Bradman described the spell as "the most devastating and one of the fastest I ever saw in Test cricket". Fingleton, who played against the "Bodyline" attack in 1932–33, said "I was watching a man almost the equal of Larwood "Bodyline" spearhead in pace ... Truly a great bowler". O'Reilly wrote Lindwall's "magnificent performance must go down as one of the greatest bowling efforts in Anglo-Australian Tests. He had two gruelingly long sessions in the innings and overcame each so well that he set the seal on his well-earned reputation as one of the best bowlers ever." Hutton was the only batsman to resist the Lindwall-led attack, scoring 30 in 124 minutes and surviving 147 deliveries. The next most resilient display was from Yardley, who scored seven runs in 31 minutes of resistance, facing 33 balls. Miller and Johnston took 2/5 and 2/20 respectively, and Australia's pace trio removed all the batsmen without Bradman having to call upon Ring's leg spin.
In contrast, Australia batted with apparent ease, as the overcast skies cleared and sun came out. The debutant Watkins sent down four overs for 19 runs with his bruised shoulder and did not bowl again. He was in much pain and his limp bowling did little to trouble the Australian openers. Morris and Barnes batted comfortably and passed England's first innings total by themselves, taking less than an hour to push the Australians into the lead. O'Reilly felt the Australian openers wanted to prove "the pitch itself had nothing whatever to do with the English batting debacle". Australia reached 100 at 17:30 with Barnes on 52 and Morris on 47. The only chance came when Barnes powerfully square cut Bedser low to point, where Young spilled the catch. When Young came on to bowl, his finger spin was expected to trouble the batsmen on a rain-affected surface, but he delivered little variation in pace and trajectory and Barnes in particular hit him repeatedly through the off side field. The score had reached 117 after only 126 minutes, when Barnes was caught behind from Hollies for 61. The right-handed Australian opener stumbled forward to a fast-turning leg break that caught his outside edge. He had overbalanced and would have been stumped if he had failed to make contact with the leather. This brought Bradman to the crease shortly before 18:00, late on the first day. As Bradman had already announced the tour would be his last at international level, the innings would be his last at Test level if Australia batted only once. The crowd gave him a standing ovation as he walked out to bat; Yardley led the Englishmen and the crowd in giving his Australian counterpart three cheers, before shaking Bradman's hand. With 6,996 Test career runs, Bradman needed only four runs to average exactly 100 in Test cricket. Bradman took guard and played the first ball from Hollies, a leg break, from the back foot. The leg spinner pitched the next ball up, bowling Bradman for a duck with a googly that went between bat and pad as the Australian skipper leaned forward. Bradman appeared stunned by what had happened and slowly turned around and walked back to the pavilion, receiving another large round of applause. It was claimed by many, including Hollies, that Bradman became emotional and had tears in his eyes at the ovation given to him by the crowd and the English players, and that this hampered his ability to see and hit the ball. Bradman admitted to being moved by the applause, but always denied shedding tears, saying "to suggest I got out, as some people did, because I had tears in my eyes while I was looking at the bowler was quite untrue. Eric Hollies deceived me and he deserves full credit."
Hassett came in at 117/2 and together with Morris saw Australia to the close at 153/2. Morris was unbeaten on 77, having hit two hook shots from Hollies for four. Hassett was on 10.
16 August: Day Two.
15 August was a Sunday, and thus a rest day. Play resumed on Monday, the second morning, and Morris registered his third century of the Test series and his sixth in ten Ashes matches. Overall, it was his seventh century in 14 Tests. It had taken him 208 minutes and he had hit four fours. Hassett and Morris took the score to 226 before their 109-run stand was broken when Young trapped Hassett lbw for 37 after 134 minutes of batting. As the Australians had dismissed their hosts cheaply on the first day and were already well in the lead, they had plenty of time to complete a victory, so Hassett and Morris had no need to take undue risks and scored at a sedate pace. The following batsmen were unable to establish themselves at the crease. Miller came in and tried to attack, but made only five before overbalancing and stumbling forward out of his crease, allowing Evans to stump him from the bowling of Hollies. Harvey, the youngest player in the Australian squad at the age of 19, came to the crease at 243/4 and quickly displayed the exuberance of youth. He hit Young for a straight-driven four and then pulled him for another boundary, but the attacking strokeplay did not last. Harvey succumbed to Hollies, hitting him to Young. The young batsman was having trouble against the turning ball, so he decided to use his feet and step towards the pitch of the ball. The Warwickshire spinner noticed this, and delivered a topspinner that dipped more than usual, and the batsman mistimed his off-drive, which went in the air towards mid-off. Hollies' success against the middle-order prompted Yardley to opt to continue with the older ball even when a replacement was available, a move that was rarely made throughout the series as the pacemen dominated the bowling. Hollies did not spin the ball significantly but relied on variations in flight to defeat his opponents.
Loxton came in with the score at 265/5 and accompanied Morris for 39 further runs before he fell to the new ball. He appeared uncomfortable with the outswingers and leg cutters of Bedser, and was beaten several times, before Edrich had him caught behind for 15. Lindwall came in and attacked immediately, scoring two fours before falling for nine. He played a cover drive from the bowling of Young, but hit the ball too early and thus launched it into the air, and it was caught by Edrich at cover point to leave the score at 332/7. Morris was then finally removed for 196, ending an innings noted for its numerous hooks and off-drives. It took a run out to remove Morris; he attempted a quick run to third man after being called through from the non-striker's end by Tallon, but was too slow for the substitute fielder Reg Simpson's arm. Tallon, who scored 31, put on another 30 runs with Ring, before both were out with Australia's score on 389, ending the tourists' innings. Both were caught by Crapp in slips from the bowling of Hollies and Bedser respectively. Morris had scored more than half the runs as the rest of the team struggled against the leg spin of Hollies, who took 5/131. England had relied heavily on spin bowling; Young took 2/118 and of the 158.2 overs bowled, 107 were delivered by the two slow men. Hollies pitched the ball up repeatedly, coaxing the Australians into playing front-foot shots from balls that spun after pitching on off stump.
England started their second innings 337 runs in arrears. Dewes took strike and got off the mark from Lindwall when he aimed a hook shot and was credited with a boundary when the ball came off his shoulder. Lindwall's steepling bouncer rose over his bat and narrowly missed his head. Soon after, Lindwall made the early breakthrough, bowling Dewes—who offered no shot—for 10 to leave England 20/1. Dewes had often committed to playing the ball from the front foot before the bowler delivered the ball, thereby putting himself into difficulty. This was because of his habit of leaning his weight onto his back foot as the ball was being bowled, which meant that a forward lean would instinctively result. Edrich joined Hutton and the pair consolidated the England innings, which reached 54/1 at the close at the second day's play, which was hastened by bad light.
17 August: Day Three.
Early on the third day, Lindwall bowled Edrich—who was playing across the line—between bat and pad for 28, hitting the off stump with a ball that cut inwards, leaving the score at 64/2, before Compton and Hutton consolidated the innings and took the score to 121 at lunch without further loss. Hutton and Compton were 42 and 37 respectively. Compton started slowly but had accelerated as the adjournment approached. The morning's batting had been relatively slow, with only 67 runs scored in 100 minutes, of which Hutton added only 23. The morning session also featured a tight spell of 13 overs by Ring. The leg spinner did not bowl consistently or accurately, and although the batsman hit him regularly, they did not place their shots, which often went to the fielders. At the other end, Johnston bowled his finger spin from around the wicket with a well-protected off side. There were four men in the off side ring and they had much work to do as Hutton hit the ball there repeatedly. The English batsmen progressed steadily and both Johnston and Ring had one confident appeal for lbw against Compton, but there were no other scares. Towards the end of the morning session, the second new ball became available but Bradman decided to bide his time. He allowed Johnston to rest after his morning spell and used Lindwall and Miller—delivering off spinners—to bowl with the old ball for the last half hour before lunch break so that the trio could use the adjournment to recuperate before attacking with the new ball.
After lunch, Lindwall and Johnston took the new ball, and the partnership progressed only four further runs to 61 in 110 minutes. On 39, Compton aimed a hard cut shot from Johnston's bowling, which flew into Lindwall's left hand at second slip for a "freak slip catch". Hutton managed to continue resisting the Australians before Miller struck Crapp in the neck with a bouncer. The batsman did not react to the blow and did not bother to rub the point of impact. After hitting a series of cover drives for boundaries, Hutton edged Miller to Tallon and was out for 64, having top-scored in both innings. He had batted for over four hours and left England at 153/4. Thereafter, the home side collapsed. Crapp was bowled by Miller for nine, and two runs later, Ring dismissed debutant Watkins for two, his only wicket for the match. Watkins swung Ring to the leg side and the ball went straight into the hands of Hassett, who did not need to move from his position on the boundary, leaving England at 167/6. Lindwall returned and yorked Evans, who appeared to not detect the delivery in the poor light, for eight. The umpires thus called off play after Yardley appealed against the light. The ground was then hit by rain, resulting in a premature end to the day's play with England at 178/7, having lost 4/25.
18 August: Day Four.
England resumed on the fourth morning with only three wickets in hand and they were still 159 runs in arrears. Johnston quickly removed the last three wickets to seal an Australian victory by an innings and 149 runs. Only ten runs were added; the match ended when Hollies fell for a golden duck after skying a ball to Morris, immediately after Yardley's departure. Johnston ended with 4/40 from 27.3 overs while Lindwall took 3/50 from 25 overs. Miller claimed 2/22 while Ring bowled the most overs, 28, to finish with 1/44. Given the time lost to inclement weather on the first day, Australia had won the match in less than three days of playing time.
Aftermath.
This result sealed the series 4–0 in favour of Australia. The match was followed by a series of congratulatory speeches. Bradman began with:
Yardley spoke after Bradman:
Bradman was then given three cheers and the crowd sang "For He's a Jolly Good Fellow" before dispersing.
The win brought Australia closer to Bradman's aim of going through the tour undefeated. The Fifth Test was the last international match, and Australia only had seven further matches to negotiate. They secured three consecutive innings victories against Kent, the Gentlemen of England and Somerset. They then took first innings leads of more than 200 against the South of England and Leveson-Gower's XI, but both matches were washed out. The last two matches were two-day non-first-class matches against Scotland, both won by an innings. Bradman's men thus completed the tour undefeated, earning themselves the sobriquet "The Invincibles".

</doc>
<doc id="20206145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206145" title="Len Blyth">
Len Blyth

Leonard 'Len' Blyth (20 November 1920 – 24 June 1995) was a Welsh international rugby union flanker who played club rugby for Swansea. He captained Swansea and played in three international games for Wales which saw him become a Grand Slam winner.
Rugby career.
Blyth was captain of Swansea during the 1951/52 season and led his team against the touring South Africans on 15 December 1951. Seven days later, Blyth was awarded his first international cap when he was chosen as a flanker to face the South Africans for the Welsh national team. Wales were narrowly beaten and Blyth found himself selected for the opening game of the 1952 Five Nations Championship. Blyth played against England and Scotland before losing his position for the last two matches. Nevertheless, Wales won the tournament and Blyth became a Grand Slam winner. After the end of his international career, Blyth still played against international opposition, including Swansea's 6-6 draw against the 1953 touring New Zealand side.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20206150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206150" title="Oreimo">
Oreimo

, short for and also known as , is a Japanese light novel series written by Tsukasa Fushimi, with illustrations provided by Hiro Kanzaki. The series includes 12 novels released between August 2008 and June 2013. A manga adaptation drawn by Sakura Ikeda was serialized in ASCII Media Works' "Dengeki G's Magazine". A 12-episode anime adaptation produced by AIC aired in Japan between October and December 2010. Four additional episodes, which offer a different ending to the broadcast series, were streamed monthly via the official website and other video streaming sites between February and May 2011, before being released on Blu-ray Disc and DVD in June and July 2011. A 13-episode second anime season produced by A-1 Pictures, titled "Ore no Imōto ga Konna ni Kawaii Wake ga Nai." (with a period at the end), aired between April and June 2013. An additional three episodes were streamed online on August 18, 2013.
Plot.
Kyosuke Kosaka, a normal 17-year-old high school student living in Chiba, has not gotten along with his younger sister Kirino in years. For longer than he can remember, Kirino has ignored his comings and goings and looked at him with spurning eyes. It seemed as if the relationship between Kyōsuke and his sister, now fourteen, would continue this way forever. One day however, Kyosuke finds a DVD case of a magical girl anime which had fallen in his house's entrance way. To Kyosuke's surprise, he finds a hidden eroge inside the case and he soon learns that both the DVD and the game belong to Kirino. That night, Kirino brings Kyosuke to her room and reveals herself to be an otaku with an extensive collection of moe anime and younger sister-themed eroge she has been collecting in secret. Kyosuke quickly becomes Kirino's confidant for her secret hobby. The series then follows Kyosuke's efforts to help his sister to reconcile her personal life with her secret hobbies, while restoring their broken relationship and coming to terms with their true feelings for each other.
Media.
Light novels.
"Oreimo" began as a light novel series written by Tsukasa Fushimi, with illustrations provided by Hiro Kanzaki. ASCII Media Works published 12 novels under their Dengeki Bunko imprint between August 10, 2008 and June 7, 2013.
Manga.
A manga adaptation based on the light novels drawn by Sakura Ikeda was serialized in ASCII Media Works' magazine "Dengeki G's Magazine" between the March 2009 and May 2011 issues. Four "tankōbon" volumes were released on ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Comics imprint between October 27, 2009 and April 27, 2011. The third volume was released in regular and special editions; the special edition came bundled with an Ayase Aragaki figurine. The manga has been licensed in North America by Dark Horse Comics. A follow-up manga, , began serialization in the July 2011 issue of "Dengeki G's Magazine" and features Ruri 'Kuroneko' Goko as the main protagonist. The first volume was released on May 26, 2012, in regular and special editions; the special edition came bundled with a Kuroneko figurine. As of January 27, 2014, there have been four volumes released.
Drama CD and radio shows.
A drama CD, based on events from the first and third volumes of the novels as well as a newly written scenario by Tsukasa Fushimi, was released by ASCII Media Works on March 31, 2010. The CD stars Ayana Taketatsu as Kirino and Yūichi Nakamura as Kyosuke. An Internet radio show titled to promote the anime adaptation streamed 24 episodes between August 13, 2010 and July 22, 2011 via the official website of the anime. The show was hosted by Ayana Taketatsu, who plays Kirino in the anime, and Kana Hanazawa, who plays Kuroneko. A second Internet radio show to promote the second season of the anime started on April 11, 2013. The show is again hosted by Taketatsu and Hanazawa. Even though the show is limited to a Japanese speaking audience, the e-mail or comments from fans outside Japan will be accepted and sometimes read during the show, and the official website of the show has been translated into English.
Anime.
A 12-episode anime adaptation produced by AIC and directed by Hiroyuki Kanbe aired in Japan between October 3 and December 19, 2010. The series was released over eight BD/DVD compilation volumes, with two episodes each, between December 22, 2010 and July 27, 2011. Four original net animation episodes were streamed through the official website, as well as several other websites such as Nico Nico Douga, Showtime Japan, and MovieGate, which began on February 22, 2011. The first two were released on June 27, 2011 in the seventh BD/DVD volume and the second two were released on July 27, 2011 in the eighth. These episodes feature a break in the original story arc starting at episode 12 and offer an alternate ending from the TV broadcast. The anime retains the voice cast from the drama CD. The opening theme for the anime is "Irony" by ClariS and composed by Kz of Livetune, while each episode features a different ending theme sung by one of the voice actors. The music of the anime is composed by Satoru Kōsaki and a soundtrack was released on January 12, 2011. Aniplex of America began streaming and simulcasting the series in North America through Anime News Network (ANN), but security issues involving the illegal leaking of episode two online resulted in the stream being placed on hold. The stream of "Oreimo" returned to ANN with the first four episodes on November 8, 2010. Aniplex of America released the series on an English-subtitled DVD box set in October 2011.
A 13-episode second anime season, titled and produced by A-1 Pictures, aired between April 7 and June 30, 2013 and was simulcast by Crunchyroll. An additional three episodes were screened at Otakon 2013 on August 9, 2013, and then streamed worldwide on August 18. The episodes were simulcast by Crunchyroll at the same time as the Japanese broadcast and were available until August 31, 2013. Despite the change in animation studio from the first season, the second season has the same staff as the first season. The opening theme is "Reunion" by ClariS, while a contest was held for the second season's ending themes. This series has also been licensed by Aniplex of America. A-1 Pictures collaborated with Chiba Urban Monorail to promote the second season by making an "Oreimo"-themed monorail train, which remained in operation until September 30, 2013. In addition to decorating the exterior of the train, the anime characters were featured in in-train advertising to provide passengers with helpful tips about local sightseeing facilities and shops.
Video games.
A PlayStation Portable visual novel titled "Ore no Imōto ga Konna ni Kawaii Wake ga Nai Portable" was developed by Bandai Namco Games and released on January 27, 2011. The limited edition bundle included an OAD, a sister-talk bonus CD, and an additional game for the PSP. A fighting game titled , based on the fictional game in the series, was released by Kadokawa Contents Gate on the Yahoo! MobaGe Service on January 20, 2011. A second PSP title, , was released on May 17, 2012. The opening theme of the second PSP game is "Nexus" by ClariS. A PlayStation 3 game, , was released on September 26, 2013 in Japan. Kirino also makes a cameo appearance in the "A Certain Magical Index" PSP game, being another game based on a light novel series published by ASCII Media Works. Kirino will also appear as a playable character in "Dengeki Bunko: Fighting Climax", with Kuroneko as a support character.
Reception.
The "Mainichi Shimbun" reported that the fourth volume sold the most copies of any light novel in August 2009. Anime News Network reported in April 2012 that the first nine light novels had collectively sold 3.7 million copies in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20206170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206170" title="John Klass">
John Klass

John Klass (born February 16, 1970 in Singapore) is a Triple-platinum award-winning singer/producer/songwriter/radio presenter.
Biography.
John Klass has been in the entertainment scene from 1991 to present.
John Klass is also very much sought after as a voice over talent. His distinct & resonant voice can be heard over numerous levels of advertising around the country from TV station trailers to commercials on both TV & radio.
As a Master-of-Ceremony John has amassed a vast wealth of experience from hosting TV shows, Concerts to Dinner Shows since entering the radio broadcasting scene in 1991.
As singer-songwriter, John first got public attention as lead singer with the group KICK! (Winner for Best Local Group! & Best local song “Jane” in the Music Awards 1994). The popularity of the group saw KICK! performing in front of capacity crowds of 40,000 to 60,000 people in Kuala Lumpur & Malacca respectively.
As a soloist, John went on to write & produce for the soundtrack of "The Teenage Textbook Movie". He scored a string of No.1 songs on the airplay charts across Singapore including an update of the ABBA classic "Honey Honey", a duet with a popular local TV actress Jamie Yeo. 
In 1995, John starred in Singapore’s first English Drama Series "Masters Of The Sea", a soap opera developed by American producer and developer of prime-time soap operas, such as "Falcon Crest" and "Dallas", Joanne Brough. This was to become the first English-language drama on Asian television. 
In 1997, he represented Singapore to sing in the prestigious ASEAN Song Festival.
In 2000, John picked up an award for Best Local Song (Falling In Love) at the Radio Music Awards.
In 2002, John released a single recorded in London by producer Richard Niles, whose credit lines include Sir Paul McCartney, Westlife and Mariah Carey. The song is titled "Believing In Fergie’s Fighters" and is a tribute to the undying spirit of Sir Alex Ferguson’s Manchester United that had Sir Alex Ferguson himself writing John a thank-you note.
In 2003, John was commissioned by Red Cross Society to write/produce a national tribute song to the doctors and nurses who put their own lives on the line to save the lives of the sufferers of the deadly SARS virus. The tribute song “Thru Your Eyes” went triple platinum in Singapore and was featured on the BBC World Service and ITV news. 
John has starred in many Television programmes & hosted the Kids entertainment pop TV show OK! He also wrote all the original songs for 2 seasons of KIDS POP Show OK! which was such a hit that he then went on to write, sing & produce over 200 kids songs for the popular kids TV show “In Our House”
In 2006, John realizing the lack of opportunities in the Asian music scene for English music & content, set up KLASS INTERNATIONAL with his wife Valerie. Klass International, gave birth to the brand iPOP (i Prepare Opportunities to Present you). iPOP's key mission is to nurture, manage & export Asian talent/content into the international market through iPOP's Digital Media Centre www.ipoplive.com & other various initiatives with Klass International's partners. 
In May 2013, he replaced DJ Jeremy Ratnam on the evening drive home on Kiss 92FM after a 15 year break from hosting radio shows. His show has now become the number 1 drive home show in Singapore. In addition, he also helms the evening-nighttime belt during Weekends on Kiss 92.

</doc>
<doc id="20206172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206172" title="The Armada (album)">
The Armada (album)

The Armada is the debut album of the rock band The Armada, released on November 4, 2008.
This marks Canadian musician Jeff Martin's first rock outing since the demise of The Tea Party, and follows his mostly acoustic solo album Exile and the Kingdom.
An instrumental-only version of the track 'Morocco' was released through the band's MySpace on August 12, 2008. The whole song was later released as the first radio single.
Track listing.
All songs written by Jeff Martin and Wayne Sheehy, except "A Line in the Sand", written by Jeff Martin, Martin Ouellette and Brian Paul.

</doc>
<doc id="20206180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206180" title="Diena">
Diena

Diena () is a Latvian language national daily newspaper in Latvia, published since 23 November 1990. Since privatisation in 1993, Diena was owned by Swedish media group Bonnier, 2009 AS Diena together with its sister business daily Dienas Bizness was sold to investor group owned by Jonathan and David Rowland. The Latvian businessman Viesturs Koziols 6 August 2010 acquired a 51% stake in the joint-stock company Diena.
In 2002, the publisher was fined for articles published in 1998 and criticizing then-minister for economy L. Strujevics. In 2007, the European Court of Human Rights held the fine to be in violation of freedom of expression.
Diena had 18,277 subscribers in December 2009, down from 26,866 in February 2009, and 41,471 in April 2000. It shifted from berliner to compact format in 2007. The newspaper's Russian language edition was discontinued in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20206189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206189" title="Spekkens Toy Model">
Spekkens Toy Model

The Spekkens toy model is a conceptually simple toy model introduced by Robert Spekkens in 2004, to argue in favour of the epistemic view of quantum mechanics. The model is based on a foundational principle: "If one has maximal knowledge, then for every system, at every time, the amount of knowledge one possesses about the ontic state of the system at that time must equal the amount of knowledge one lacks." This is called the "knowledge balance principle." Within the bounds of this model, many phenomena typically associated with strictly quantum mechanical effects are present. These include (but are not limited to) entanglement, noncommutativity of measurements, teleportation, interference, the no-cloning and no-broadcasting theorems, and unsharp measurements. Much of the mathematics associated with quantum theory has strong analogues inside the toy model, such as the Bloch sphere and similar forms of transformations. The model is not, however, a restriction of quantum mechanics, as there are effects in the model not present in quantum theory.
Background.
For nearly a century, physicists and philosophers have been attempting to explain the physical meaning of quantum states. The argument is typically one between two fundamentally opposed views: the ontic view, which describes quantum states as states of physical reality, and the epistemic view, which describes quantum states as states of our incomplete knowledge about a system. Both views have had strong support over the years; notably, the ontic view was supported by Heisenberg and Schrödinger and the epistemic view by Einstein. The majority of 20th century quantum physics was dominated by the ontic view, and it remains the generally accepted view by physicists today. There is, however, a substantial subset of physicists who take the epistemic view. Both views have issues associated with them, as both contradict physical intuition in many cases, and neither has been conclusively proven to be the superior viewpoint.
The Spekkens toy model is designed to argue in favour of the epistemic viewpoint. It is, by construction, an epistemic model. The knowledge balance principle of the model ensures that any measurement done on a system within it gives incomplete knowledge of the system, and thus the observable states of the system are epistemic. This model also implicitly assumes that there "is" an ontic state which the system is in at any given time, but simply that we are unable to observe it. The model can not be used to derive quantum mechanics, as there are fundamental differences between the model and quantum theory. In particular, the model is one of local and noncontextual variables, which Bell's theorem tells us cannot ever reproduce all the predictions of quantum mechanics. The toy model does, however, reproduce a number of strange quantum effects, and it does so from a strictly epistemic perspective; as such, it can be interpreted as strong evidence in favour of the epistemic view.
The model.
The Spekkens toy model is based on the knowledge balance principle: "the number of questions about the physical state of a system that are answered must always be equal to the number that are unanswered in a state of maximal knowledge." However, the "knowledge" one can possess about a system must be carefully defined for this principle to have any meaning. To do this, the concept of a "canonical" set of yes or no questions is defined as the minimum number of questions needed. For example, for a system with 4 states, one can ask "Is the system in state 1?", "Is the system in state 2?" and "Is the system in state 3?" which would determine the state of the system (state 4 being the case if all three questions were answered "No."). However, one could also ask "Is the system in either state 1 or state 2?" and "Is the system in either state 1 or state 3?", which would also uniquely determine the state, and has only two questions in the set. This set of questions is not unique, however it is clear that at least two questions (bits) are required to exactly represent one of four states. We say that for a system with 4 states, the number of questions in a canonical set is two. As such, in this case, the knowledge balance principle insists that the maximum number of questions in a canonical set that one can have answered at any given time is one, such that the amount of knowledge is equal to the amount of ignorance.
It is also assumed in the model that it is always possible to saturate the inequality, i.e. to have knowledge of the system exactly equal to that which is lacked, and thus at least two questions must be in the canonical set. Since no question is allowed to exactly specify the state of the system, the number of possible ontic states must be at least 4 (if it were less than 4, the model would be trivial, since any question that could be asked may return an answer specifying the exact state of the system, thus no question can be asked). Since a system with four states (described above) exists, it is referred to as an elementary system. The model then also assumes that every system is built out of these elementary systems, and that each subsystem of any system also obeys the knowledge balance principle.
Elementary systems.
For an elementary system, let 1 ∨ 2 represent the state of knowledge "The system is in the state one or the state 2." Under this model, there are six states of maximal knowledge that can be obtained: 1 ∨ 2, 1 ∨ 3, 1 ∨ 4, 2 ∨ 3, 2 ∨ 4 and 3 ∨ 4. There is also a single state less than maximal knowledge, corresponding to 1 ∨ 2 ∨ 3 ∨ 4. These can be mapped to six qubit states in a natural manner;
Under this mapping, it is clear that two states of knowledge in the toy theory correspond to two orthogonal states for the qubit if and only if they share no ontic states in common. This mapping also gives analogues in the toy model to quantum fidelity, compatibility, convex combinations of states and coherent superposition, and can be mapped to the Bloch sphere in the natural fashion. However, the analogy breaks down to a degree when considering coherent superposition, as one of the forms of the coherent superposition in the toy model returns a state which is orthogonal to what is expected with the corresponding superposition in the quantum model, and this can be shown to be an intrinsic difference between the two systems. This reinforces the earlier point that this model is not a restricted version of quantum mechanics, but instead a separate model which mimics quantum properties.
Transformations.
The only transformations on the ontic state of the system which respect the knowledge balance principle are permutations of the four ontic states. These map valid epistemic states to other valid epistemic states, for instance
Considering again the analogy between the epistemic states of this model and the qubit states on the Bloch Sphere, these transformations consist of the typical allowed permutations of the six analogous states, as well as a set of permutations that are forbidden in the continuous qubit model. These are transformations such as (12)(3)(4) which correspond to antiunitary maps on Hilbert space. These are not allowed in a continuous model, however in this discrete system they arise as natural transformations. There is however an analogy to a characteristically quantum phenomenon, that no allowed transformation functions as a universal state inverter. In this case, this means that there is no single transformation S with the properties
Measurements.
In the theory, only reproducible measurements (measurements which cause the system after the measurement to be consistent with the results of the measurement) are considered. As such, only measurements which distinguish between valid epistemic states are allowed. For instance, we could measure whether the system is in states 1 or 2, 1 or 3, or 1 or 4, corresponding to 1 ∨ 2, 1 ∨ 3, and 1 ∨ 4. Once the measurement has been done, one's state of knowledge about the system in question is updated; specifically, if one measured the system in the state 2 ∨ 4, then the system would now be known to be in the ontic state 2 or the ontic state 4.
Before a measurement is done on a system, it has a definite ontic state, in the case of an elementary system 1, 2, 3 or 4. If the initial ontic state of a system is 1, and one measured the state of the system with respect to the {1 ∨ 3, 2∨ 4} basis, then one would measure the state 1 ∨ 3. Another measurement done in this basis would produce the same result. However, the underlying ontic state of the system can be changed by such a measurement, to either the state 1 or the state 3. This reflects the nature of measurement in quantum theory.
Measurements done on a system in the toy model are non-commutative, as is the case for quantum measurements. This is due to the above fact, that a measurement can change the underlying ontic state of the system. For example, if one measures a system in the state 1 ∨ 3 in the {1 ∨ 3, 2 ∨ 4} basis, then one obtains the state 1 ∨ 3 with certainty. However, if one first measures the system in the {1 ∨ 2, 3 ∨ 4} basis, then in the {1 ∨ 3, 2 ∨ 4} basis, then the final state of the system is uncertain, prior to the measurement.
The nature of measurements and of the coherent superposition in this theory also gives rise to the quantum phenomenon of interference. When two states are mixed by a coherent superposition, the result is a sampling of the ontic states from both, rather than the typical "and" or "or". This is one of the most important results of this model, as interference is often seen as evidence against the epistemic view. This model indicates that it can arise from a strictly epistemic system.
Groups of elementary systems.
A pair of elementary systems has 16 combined ontic states, corresponding to the combinations of the numbers 1 through 4 with 1 through 4 (i.e. the system can be in the state (1,1), (1,2), etc.) The epistemic state of the system is limited by the knowledge balance principle once again. Now however, not only does it restrict the knowledge of the system as a whole, but also of both of the constituent subsystems. Two types of systems of maximal knowledge arise as a result. The first of these corresponds to having maximal knowledge of both subsystems; for example, that the first subsystem is in the state 1 ∨ 3 and the second is in the state 3 ∨ 4, meaning that the system as a whole is in one of the states (1,3), (1,4), (3,3) or (3,4). In this case, nothing is known about the correspondence between the two systems. The second is more interesting, corresponding to having no knowledge about either system individually, but having maximal knowledge about their interaction. For example, one could know that the ontic state of the system is one of (1,1), (2,2), (3,4) or (4,3). Here nothing is known about the state of either individual system, but knowledge of one system gives knowledge of the other. This corresponds to the entangling of particles in quantum theory.
It is possible to consider valid transformations on the states of a group of elementary systems, although the mathematics of such an analysis is more complicated than the case for a single system. Transformations consisting of a valid transformation on each state acting independently are always valid. In the case of a two system model, there is also a transformation which is analogous to the c-not operator on qubits. Furthermore, within the bounds of the model it is possible to prove no-cloning and no-broadcasting theorems, reproducing a fair deal of the mechanics of quantum information theory.
The monogamy of pure entanglement also has a strong analogue within the toy model, as a group of three or more systems in which knowledge of one system would grant knowledge of the others would break the knowledge balance principle. An analogy of quantum teleportation also exists in the model, as well as a number of important quantum phenomena.
Extensions and further work.
Work has been done on several models of physical systems with similar characteristics, which are described in detail in the main paper on this model. There are ongoing attempts to extend this model in various ways, such as van Enk's model and the "Pacman Version". An analysis of the system from the point of view of categorical quantum mechanics has also proved insightful
Currently, there is work being done to reproduce quantum formalism from information-theoretic axioms. Although the model itself differs in many respects from quantum theory, it reproduces a number of effects which are considered to be overwhelmingly quantum. As such, the underlying principle, that quantum states are states of incomplete knowledge, may offer some hints as to how to proceed in this manner, and may lend hope to those pursuing this goal.

</doc>
<doc id="20206194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206194" title="KMEI">
KMEI

KMEI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20206213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206213" title="Garorim Bay Tidal Power Station">
Garorim Bay Tidal Power Station

Garorim Bay Tidal Power Station is a planned tidal power plant in Garorim Bay, on the west coast of South Korea. The project is developed by Korea Western Power Company Limited and was in the process of receiving government approval as of November 2008.
Description.
Garorim Bay is located between Seosan City and Taean County of Chungnam Province, South Korea, at the western seashore of South Korea. The electric power generation capacity of the plant will be 520 megawatt (26 MW * 20 sets). This is more than twice the capacity of the Rance Power Plant in France. 
According to an announcement made by the power company, construction cost was estimated to be 1 trillion Korean won (1 billion US dollars) as of 2005.
History.
In 1981, the Assessment Report on the Construction of Tidal Power Plant in Garorim Bay was issued. Environmental research conducted by Korean Ocean Research and Development Institute and supported by UNESCO was partly used in this assessment. The report assessed that the project was economically efficient. But in 1986, as oil prices went down and construction costs rose, the project was assessed as economically inefficient. The economic efficiency was assessed again from 2004 to 2005, and the basic design was completed as of March 2007.
A news reporter reported that the benefit/cost ratio was assessed to be only 0.87 in articles written in 2007.
Environmental impact.
Garorim Bay is regarded as one of the important tidal flats in South Korea. The Korean government included this bay in the National Wetland Inventory. The Yellow Sea Large Marine Ecosystem (YSLME) Project, managed by the United Nations Development Programme and the Global Environment Facility, also surveyed the ecology of this bay.
According to a survey on fishery resources in 1981, supported by the Korean Ocean Research and Development Institute, this bay is an important spawning ground for many species of fish. The study predicted that the plant's construction would cause critical damage to the bay's ecology.
The bay is one of the most important fish farming sites in Korea, composed of about 2000 fishery households.
Response of local fishermen.
On 20 August 2007, the power company tried to hold a Hearing from Residents, an official proceeding required by the Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA). But about 1000 fishermen, demanding cancellation of the entire project, prevented the hearing from being held so the EIA requirement would not be met.
Relation to renewable energy strategy.
Garorim Bay Tidal Power Plant Project is now being included in the South Korean government's renewable energy strategy. The Korean government classifies tidal power as renewable, and the Garorim Bay Project is included in the renewable energy plan which the government announced in September 2008.
The Korean Federation for Environmental Movement (Friends of the Earth Korea) has criticized the project, arguing that the power plant is contrary to the purpose of renewable energy, because it would destroy the valuable tidal flats in the area, thus accelerating global warming.

</doc>
<doc id="20206217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206217" title="Babaoshan">
Babaoshan

Babaoshan (八宝山) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20206248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206248" title="National Historical Commission of the Philippines">
National Historical Commission of the Philippines

The National Historical Commission of the Philippines (, abbreviated NHCP) is part of the government of the Philippines. Its mission is "the promotion of Philippine history and cultural heritage through research, dissemination, conservation, sites management and heraldry works." As such, it "aims to inculcate awareness and appreciation of the noble deeds and ideals of our heroes and other illustrious Filipinos, to instill pride in the Filipino people and to rekindle the Filipino spirit through the lessons of history."
History.
The present day NHCP was established in 1972 as part of the reorganization of government after President Ferdinand Marcos' declaration of martial law, but the roots of the institute can be traced back to 1933, when the American colonial Insular Government first established the Philippine Historical Research and Markers Committee (PHRMC).
Philippine Historical Research and Markers Committee (1933).
The Philippine Historical Research and Markers Committee was created by U.S. Governor General Frank Murphy, by Executive Order 451, to identify and mark "historic antiquities" in Manila as a first step towards their preservation. The commission's mandate was later expanded to cover the whole of the Philippines. 
This first committee was composed of American journalist Walter Robb who served as chair; American Anthropologist H. Otley Beyer who would later be known as the father of Philippine Anthropology; Spanish Jesuit Fr. Miguel Selga, SJ; dean Edward Hyde from the University of the Philippines College of Engineering; and Filipinos Jaime C. de Veyra, Conrado Benitez, and Eulogio “Amang” Rodriguez.
Philippines Historical Committee (1935).
With the establishment of the Philippine Commonwealth in 1935, the PHRMC was replaced by the Philippines Historical Committee (PHC), which took over the functions as its predecessor, as well as the tasks of repairing government-owned antiquities and acquiring antiquities owned by private individuals. There are no known records of the activities of the committee during the Japanese occupation of the Philippines during World War II.
In the postwar reconstruction years the PHC was busy as there was a government interest in "the reconstruction of the past as a means to form nationhood." Reconstituted six months after Philippine independence in 1946, the committee was first placed under the Office of the President, and then transferred to the Department of Education. During this time, it installed over 400 historical markers all over the archipelago; named and renamed various streets, plazas, towns and other public places; and acquired places and relics of heroes. 
As the nation rebuilt itself, a number of other historical commissions were also created by law to commemorate the birth centennials of various Philippine heroes of the late 19th century. All of these commissions were eventually merged into one National Heroes Commission. Further restructuring resulted in this becoming the National Historical Commission (NHC), which is a name still sometimes applied to the NHI today. 
National Historical Institute (1972).
In 1972, President Ferdinand Marcos' declaration of martial law resulted in a reorganization of government and the renaming of the NHC as the National Historical Institute.
National Historical Commission of the Philippines (2010).
On May 12, 2010, President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo signed the law reverting the National Historical Institute into its original form as the National Historical Commission of the Philippines.
Current activities.
The NHCP still undertakes all the functions of the previous commissions, most notably those of preserving historical sites and structures and serving as lead agency for the commemorations of Independence Day, Rizal Day.

</doc>
<doc id="20206254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206254" title="Visoko">
Visoko

Visoko may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20206262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206262" title="2008 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup squads">
2008 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup squads

The following is a list of squads for each nation competing at the inaugural FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup in New Zealand. The tournament started on 28 October and the final took place in Auckland on 16 November 2008.
Each nation had to submit a squad of 21 players, three of which had to be goalkeepers, for the tournament.
"Ages as of 28 October 2008."
Group A.
Head coach: Bryan Rosenfeld
Head coach: Pedro Rodriguez
Head coach: Bent Eriksen
Head coach: Paul Temple
Group B.
Head coach: Juan Quesada
Head coach: Ralf Peter
Head coach: Abraham Allotey
Head coach: Ri Ui Ham
Group C.
Head coach: Gerard Sergent
Head coach: Hiroshi Yoshida
Head coach: Carlos Baez
Head coach: Kazbek Tambi
Group D.
Head coach: Marcos Gaspar
Head coach: Lois Fidler
Head coach: Kim Yong Ho
Head coach: Felix Ibe Ukwu

</doc>
<doc id="20206280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206280" title="Darren Hossack">
Darren Hossack

Darren Hossack (born 1 April 1970) is a multiple-championship winning Australian race car driver. Hossack currently competes in Sports Sedans and Superkarts.
Early career.
A long time kart racing driver, working professionally in the industry for Drew Price Engineering, he stepped into circuit racing in 1992 in state level Formula Ford, and won the Victorian championship in his debut season, a first title for emerging Formula Ford constructor, Spectrum. Without the funding to progress his career stalled at this point, taking him back to kart racing, picking up the Australian Reed Light Championship in 1994, and also into dirt-track Speedway, running Super Sedans.
Touring Cars.
An opportunity opened in 1997 for Hossack, driving the Wynns backed Holden Commodore in the 1997 Australian Touring Car Championship, and impressed in the midfield, snatching several top ten results during the season. For the final round he moved into a Gibson Motor Sport run Commodore, which continued into the endurance season where on his Bathurst debut, he and co-driver Steven Ellery finished in sixth position, the highest placed finish for any rookie in the race.
1998 saw a full-time drive in the Gibson Motor Sport team along with Wynns backed team mate Darren Pate, and Ellery also as team mate in a Holden Young Lions liviered Commodore. Hampered by Yokohama tyres, which were no match for Bridgestone and Dunlop shod teams, it was not a happy season and Hossack was replaced after the Barbagallo Raceway round by experienced veteran Tomas Mezera as the team struggled for pace. Hossack returned to the team for the endurance races and paired with Pate, took eighth place at the Sandown 500 and seventh at Bathurst.
While a full-time V8 Supercar drive did not return, Hossack was a valued endurance co-driver for the next several seasons, driving for Romano Racing in 1999 and returning to Gibson Motor Sport in 2000 with a highlight of ninth position for GMS with David 'Truckie' Parsons at Bathurst in 2000. After a few seasons away from V8 Supercars, Hossack returned in 2003, driving a third Ford Performance Racing Falcon with Adam Macrow.
Australian Champion.
The 2007 season saw Hossack begin racing Superkarts as well, racing the Anderson Maverick owned by Scott Ellis' Safe Evolutions team, which Ellis was using to prove his own engine design, the Safe Racing Engine, which was a modern re-interpretation of the 20 year old Rotax 256 design. Promising results in the first season lead to his first race wins, first at state level in Victoria, then in front of a national field on the support program of the 2008 Eastern Creek round of the V8 Supercar Championship.
Two race wins at the opening round of the Australian Superkart Championship also held at Eastern Creek Raceway set up a points buffer which was whittled away as the final round at Mallala Motor Sport Park progressed. With a slender points lead to protect, and title rivals Sam Zavaglia and Gary Pegoraro winning races almost lost the title. After almost stalling on the final race, Hossack raced back through the field, overtaking 25 karts over the eight lap finale to climb into third place on the final lap. With Zavaglia finishing second, it gave the title to Hossack by just three points.
Hossack lost both titles in 2009, his rivalry with Tony Ricciardello saw category veteran Des Wall win the Sports Sedan series with a consistent run, and Sam Zavaglia took the Superkart title with a career best season. Hossack was third in Sports Sedans and second in Superkarts. 2010 saw a return to the title claiming his second Australian Championship in Superkarts after win in the final race of the series broke a tie with Warren McIlveen whose previously points leading Superkart limped to the line in third position.
Hossack is current competing in the Australian Sports Sedan Series and the Australian Superkart Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20206291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206291" title="Alexander I Statue in Taganrog">
Alexander I Statue in Taganrog

The monument to Alexander I of Russia was erected on the initiative of the people of Taganrog in memory of the emperor's stay and death in the city.
The place to set the monument was chosen by the widow of Alexander I Elizabeth Alexeievna (Louise of Baden) – opposite the Greek monastery. Most of the money to subsidize the construction of the monument was donated by the members of the Imperial house of Romanovs, the rest of the sum was raised by the people of Taganrog.
The statue was sculpted by the eminent sculptor, rector of the St. Petersburg Academy of Arts Ivan Martos. The architectural part of the monument was designed by the famous architect Avraam Melnikov.
The bronze figure of the emperor at full height was draped with a simple gown, and a general's uniform was visible under it. The tsar held the sword hilt with his left hand, and carried a scroll which was supposed to be the code of laws. One foot of Alexander I trampled a coiling snake symbolizing the victory over Napoleon. The face of the sculpture was a copy of the emperor's portrait, and the winged angels at his feet pointed out his angelic character. The granite pedestal consisted of three parts, 5 steps led to it. The entire monument weighed about 1600 kg.
On October 23 (11), 1831 celebrations took place on the occasion of unveiling the monument. They included divine services, consecration of the monument, firing a salute, ringing bells at all the churches and evening illumination.
In 1837 cast-iron lumps with heavy chains were added to palisade the monument. In 1888 a square was planted around and fenced with iron forged railings.
In 1920 the monument was destroyed (in 1932 the statue was remelted).
In 1998 in the course of celebrations of the tercentenary of Taganrog the monument was reconstructed according to original plans at the same place. The reconstruction was financed by the Rossiyskiy Kredit Bank.
The original model of the monument is kept in the collection of Russian Museum in Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="20206297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206297" title="Ichilo Province">
Ichilo Province

Ichilo is one of the fifteen provinces of the Bolivian Santa Cruz Department and is situated in the department's north-western parts. The province was founded by a decree of 8 April 1926 and is named after Río Ichilo which is forming the province border in the West.
Location.
Ichilo Province is located between 15° 48' and 18° 00' South and between 63° 27' and 64° 50' West. It extends over 350 km from Northwest to Southeast, and up to 110 km from Southwest to Northeast. 
The province is situated in the Bolivian lowlands and borders Beni Department in the North, Cochabamba Department in the West, Manuel María Caballero Province in the Southwest, Florida Province in the South, Andrés Ibáñez Province in the Southeast, Sara Province in the East, and Ñuflo de Chávez Province in the Northeast.
Population.
The population of Ichilo Province has increased by circa 80% over the recent two decades:
The literacy rate of the province is 78.5%.
Geography.
The medium altitude of the province is 386 m.
The medium annual temperature in the province is 24.3°C, the annual precipitation amounts to 2,563 mm.
Towns.
Buena Vista is the province capital with 4,697 inhabitants "(est. 2008)". Other important towns in the province are 
Industry.
Main agricultural good of the province is rice, 50% of all the production in the Santa Cruz Department is from Ichilo Province. Other important economic goods are cocoa and timber.
Division.
The province comprises four municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="20206306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206306" title="The Last Voyage of the Starship Enterprise">
The Last Voyage of the Starship Enterprise

"The Last Voyage of the Starship Enterprise" is a comedy sketch that first aired during episode 22 of the first season of The NBC variety show, "Saturday Night Live" on May 29, 1976. The twelve-minute sketch, written by Michael O'Donoghue, became an instant cult classic hit among "Star Trek" fans as well as science fiction fans.
Synopsis.
The sensors of the starship U.S.S. "Enterprise" pick up a strange alien spacecraft following in hot pursuit of the ship, which is identified by Mr. Spock (played by Chevy Chase) as a 1968 Chrysler Imperial with a tinted windshield and retractable headlights.
Captain Kirk (played by John Belushi) orders the ship to outrun the strange craft. Unable to outrun it, he orders phasers and photon torpedoes to destroy the craft. Unfortunately, all the ship's equipment fails without reason. Shields fail to operate and the Enterprise's systems break down. Suddenly, Dr. Leonard McCoy (played by Dan Aykroyd) runs onto the bridge saying the aliens are on the ship. He says the aliens did not beam aboard, but merely walked out from behind the curtains, and there they were on the ship.
It turns out that the aliens are NBC executive Herb Goodman (played by Elliott Gould) and his associate, Curtis (played by Garrett Morris). They announce that the "Star Trek" series has been cancelled. Captain Kirk orders the crew to fire their hand phasers on the aliens but nothing happens. Mr. Spock assumes that the aliens have a type of weapons deactivator and tries to employ his famous Vulcan nerve pinch on him, but that does not work either. The executive says, "Nimoy, I'm sorry we have to take back those ears," and quickly removes Mr. Spock's pointed ears. Mr. Spock then mind-melds with Herb Goodman only to discover, as he describes, "His mind is dark and empty inside...there are mice in the corner and spider webs."
Other NBC executives and staff show up and dismantle the "Enterprise" set.
Other crew members as actors accept this proclamation, but William Shatner and Leonard Nimoy try to hang on to their "Star Trek" personas as Kirk and Spock. However, Nimoy is eventually reduced to a sobbing nervous wreck, and is carried off the set. Shatner defiantly remains in the captain's chair, as Herb Goodman mentions a phone call from a margarine company. (At the time this sketch was transmitted, William Shatner was a commercial spokesman for Promise margarine.) Finally, the set is completely dismantled, and Shatner as Captain Kirk makes a final entry into his log in his Captain's chair, where he recalls his previous three years of space exploration, concluding: "And except for one television network, we have found intelligence everywhere in the galaxy." Raising his hand in the Vulcan salute, he goes on, "Live long and prosper." Then he brings his fingers together, his hand still raised, and adds, "Promise" (a reference to the margarine ad).

</doc>
<doc id="20206325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206325" title="Dose area product">
Dose area product

Dose area product (DAP) is a quantity used in assessing the radiation risk from diagnostic x-ray examinations and interventional procedures. It is defined as the absorbed dose multiplied by the area irradiated, expressed in gray square centimetres (Gy*cm²) (sometimes mGy*cm² or cGy*cm²). Manufacturers of DAP meters usually calibrate them in terms of absorbed dose to air. DAP reflects not only the dose within the radiation field but also the area of tissue irradiated. Therefore, it may be a better indicator of the overall risk of inducing cancer than the dose within the field. It also has the advantages of being easily measured, with the permanent installation of a DAP meter on the x-ray set.
Due to the divergence of a beam emitted from a ‘point source’, the area irradiated (A) increases with the square of distance from the source (A ∝ d²), while radiation intensity (I) decreases according to the inverse square of distance (I ∝ 1/d²). Consequently, the product of intensity and area, and therefore DAP, is independent of distance from the source.
How is DAP measured.
An ionization chamber is placed beyond the X-ray collimators and must intercept the entire X-ray field for an accurate reading. Different X-ray technique parameters, such as kVp, mA, or time, or the area of the field can also be changed. 
For example, a 5x5 cm X-ray field with an entrance dose of 1 mGy will yield a 25 mGycm^2 DAP value. When the field is increased to 10x10 cm with same entrance dose, then DAP increases to 100 mGycm^2, which is 4 time the previous value.
Kerma Area Product.
Kerma area product (KAP) is a related quantity which for all practical radiation protection purposes is equal to dose area product. However, strictly speaking DAP = KAP x (1-g) where g is the fraction of energy of liberated charged particles that is lost in radiative processes in the material, and the dose is expressed in absorbed dose to air. The value of g for diagnostic x-rays is only a fraction of a percent.
Adult Coronary angiography and PCI produces expose patient to an average DAP in the range of 20 to 106 Gy*cm² and 44 to 143 Gy*cm² respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20206330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206330" title="Visoko, Šenčur">
Visoko, Šenčur

Visoko (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Šenčur in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Vitus and was built in 1861 on the site of an earlier church.

</doc>
<doc id="20206338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206338" title="HMS Fortune">
HMS Fortune

Twenty-two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Fortune":

</doc>
<doc id="20206341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206341" title="Visoko, Ig">
Visoko, Ig

Visoko is a village in the Municipality of Ig in central Slovenia. The municipality is part of the traditional region of Inner Carniola and is now included in the Central Slovenia statistical region.
The local church, built on a small hill southeast of the settlement, is dedicated to Saint Nicholas. It dates to the early 15th century. A second church on Kurešček Hill west of the settlement is dedicated to the Nativity of Mary. Both belongs to the Parish of Ig.

</doc>
<doc id="20206342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206342" title="Aangan Terha">
Aangan Terha

Aangan Terha was a satirical Pakistani television serial presented by the PTV network in the late 1980s. The show starred Salim Nasir, Shakeel, Arshad Mehmood, Durdana Butt and Bushra Ansari in lead roles, was directed by Qaiser Farooq and written by Anwar Maqsood.
Ideology.
The Drama is based on many stories on multiple issues of the society and indirect criticism on the Martial LAW and the electoral system. Many Major Pakistani stars and artists played guest roles including the great comedians like Lehri, Late Moin Akhtar and Mehmood Ali. The twist occurs when the writer Anwar Maqsood appears near the end of the serial to inform the characters that the serial is about to end.

</doc>
<doc id="20206344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206344" title="HMS Forester">
HMS Forester

Ten ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Forester":

</doc>
<doc id="20206387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206387" title="Vibeke Møller">
Vibeke Møller

Vibeke Merete Wulff Møller (later "Boisen", November 21, 1904 – August 7, 1987) was a Danish freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Gentofte.
In 1924 she was a member of the Danish relay team which finished fourth in the 4×100 metre freestyle relay competition. In the 400 metre freestyle event she was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="20206392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206392" title="Zhangzizhonglu Station">
Zhangzizhonglu Station

Zhangzizhonglu Station () is a station on Line 5 of the Beijing Subway. Zhangzizhonglu, literally meaning Zhang Zizhong Road, is named after general Zhang Zizhong, who died in the Second Sino-Japanese War.

</doc>
<doc id="20206400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206400" title="Keep It Hot">
Keep It Hot

Keep It Hot is a live album released by the funk/R&B group Cameo in 2007. In addition to the live material, two studio tracks were included: "Come Fly With Me" and "Nasty", both written by Larry Blackmon. The "Mega-Mix" is a remix of the album's live tracks. This album is the third album in 2007 to be a nearly track for track re-release of "Nasty" from 1996. However, "Nasty"'s "Mega-Mix" was left off in favor of three new tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="20206407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206407" title="World Poverty and Human Rights">
World Poverty and Human Rights

World Poverty and Human Rights: Cosmopolitan Responsibilities and Reforms is a 2002 book by Thomas Pogge. In the book, Pogge explains that the poorest 44 percent of humankind have 1.3 percent of global income and their purchasing power per person per day is less than that of $2.15 in the US in 1993; 826 million of them do not have enough to eat. One-third of all human deaths are from poverty-related causes: 18 million annually, including 12 million children under five.
At the other end of the spectrum, the 15 percent of humankind in the developed countries have 80 percent of global income. Pogge argues that shifting 1 or 2 percent of the wealthy states' share toward poverty eradication is morally compelling. Yet most of the affluent believe that they have no such responsibility and Thomas Pogge's book seeks to explain how this belief is sustained. He analyses how our "moral and economic theorizing and our global economic order" have adapted to make us appear disconnected from mass poverty abroad. Dispelling the illusion, he also offers a normative standard of global economic justice and makes detailed, realistic proposals toward fulfilling it.

</doc>
<doc id="20206426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206426" title="Buena Vista, Ichilo">
Buena Vista, Ichilo

Buena Vista is a small town in the Bolivian lowlands in the Santa Cruz Department. The town was founded in November 26th 1964 as the Jesuit Mission of the betrothal Saints of Joseph and Maria.
Location.
"Buena Vista" is administrative center of the Ichilo Province and located in the Buena Vista Municipio on the right banks of Río Ichilo, 90 km south-west of the departmental capital Santa Cruz.
Climate.
"Buena Vista" has a medium yearly temperature of 24.3°C, with a medium maximum of 27.8°C and a minimum of 14.4°C. The average precipitation amounts to 2,563 mm per year, the average relative humidity is 80%. The climate is a tropical humid one, with July being the coldest month and November the warmest.
Population.
The population of Buena Vista has increased strongly over the past decades, from 400 inhabitants (1969) to 2,900 (1992 census) and 3,800 inhabitants (2001 census). Estimations about the recent population figures differ strongly, some estimations say 12-14,000 inhabitants, presumably misinterpreting the municipio population as the city population. 

</doc>
<doc id="20206427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206427" title="Herewini Rangi">
Herewini Rangi

Herewini Rangi is a New Zealand rugby league coach and former player who played one match in the National Rugby League. He was a hooker/back rower who could also kick goals.
Early years.
Rangi grew up in Huntly and played for the Taniwharau Rugby League Club. In 2001 he played for the Waikato Under-17s and also made the National U-17 team. He made the Junior Kiwis in 2002, playing both games.
Playing career.
Rangi joined the New Zealand Warriors 25-man squad for 2004, moving to Auckland. The club assigned him to play for the Eastern Tornadoes in the Bartercard Cup. He played only one NRL game for the Warriors, against the Canberra Raiders. However, he was named Clubman of the Year at the end of season awards dinner. In 2004 he was also the leading scorer for the Tornadoes with 62 points and represented Auckland.
In 2005 he traveled across the Tasman to join the Central Comets in the Queensland Cup. He moved to the Wynnum Manly Seagulls in 2007, playing five Queensland Cup games and also representing the FOGS Cup team. 
In Round one of the 2008 FOGS Cup Herewini suffered a serious spinal injury when he collided with the goal post. It was originally feared he may have suffered permanent damage but this was later downgraded when he began to regain feeling in his arms and legs. He was still expected to require at least six months in hospital, but was released in May and returned to New Zealand.
Later years.
In 2011 Rangi is coached the Taniwharau side in the Waicoa Bay competition. In 2012 he coached the Gisborne Tairawhiti team and was appointed the Gisborne KiwiSport Officer.

</doc>
<doc id="20206428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206428" title="Zabag kingdom">
Zabag kingdom

Zabag (Chinese: Sanfotsi; Hindu: Suvarnadvipa, Javaka; Arabic: Zabaj) is thought to have been an ancient kingdom located south of China somewhere in Southeast Asia, between Chenla (now Cambodia) and Java. The established studies by several historians associated this kingdom with Srivijaya and pointed its location somewhere in Sumatra, Java or Malay peninsula. However its exact location is still the subject of debate among scholars. Other possible locations such as northern Borneo and Philippines are also suggested.
Historical accounts.
Chinese accounts.
Sanfotsi lies between Chenla and Toupo (Chopo or Java). Its rule extend over fifteen chou. It lies due south of Tsu'an-chou. In the winter, with the monsoon, you sail a little more than a month and then come to Lingyamon (Lingayen Gulf?), where one-third of the passing merchants before entering this country of Sanfotsi.
A large proportion of the people are surnamed P'u (Apo?).
The people either live scattered about outside the city, or on the water on rafts of boards covered over with reeds, and these are exempt from taxation.
They are skilled at fighting on land or water. When they are about to make war on another state they assemble and send for the such a force as the occasion demands. They appoint chiefs and leaders, and all provide their own military equipment and the necessary provisions. In facing the enemy and braving death they have not their equal among other nations.
During most of the year the climate is hot, and there is but little cold weather. Their domestic animals are very much like those of China. They have wine of flowers, wine of coconuts, and wine of areca nuts and honey, all fermented, though without any yeast of any kind, but they are so intoxicating to drink.
Sanfotsi is in the Southern Ocean (South China Sea). It is the most important port-of-call on the sea-routes of the foreigners from the countries of Toupo on the east and from the countries of the Arabs and Kulin to the west; they all pass through on the way to China.
The country has no natural products, but the people are skilled in fighting. When they are about to fight, they cover their bodies with a medicine which prevents swords wounding them ("amulets"). In fighting on land or on water none surpass them in impetousity of attack; even the Kulin people come after them. If some foreign ship, passing this place, should not enter here, an armed party would certainly come out kill them to the last.
Javaka.
Reference to the Sri Lankan materials, king Chandrabhanu Sridhamaraja is one of Javakan kings from Tambralinga kingdom, one the kingdoms in the prehistory period of Nusantara, who had invaded Sri Lankan in 1247. However the Javaka has not occurred here for the first time. Many scholars identify Srivijaya with the Arabic Zabaj, which most scholars agree in equating with Javaka (in Pali texts) that appear in Indian sources.
The naval force of a Maharaja of Zabaj had ever played a major role in a legend recorded by an Arabic merchant name Sulaimaan in 851, and published by the historian Masoudi in his 947 book "Meadows of Gold and Mines of Gems." He described the story of one silly Khmer king who defied the power of the Maharaja of Zabaj. Eventually how the end of the story was, he wrote down the Legend of the Maharaja of Zabaj. 
Legend of the Maharaja of Zabaj.
One day in a fit of jealousy, the Khmer ruler made the following remark in court.
"I have one desire that I would like to satisfy," said the young ruler.
"What is that desire, O King," inquired his faithful councillor.
"I wish to see before me on a plate," remarked the monarch, "the head of the King of Zabaj."
"I do not wish, O King, that my sovereign should express such a desire,” answered the minister. “The Khmer and Zabaj have never manifested hatred towards each other, either in words or in acts. Zabaj has never done us any harm. What the King has said should not be repeated."
Angered by this sage advice, the Khmer ruler raised his voice and repeated his desire so that all of the generals and nobles who were present at court could hear him. Word of the young ruler’s impetuous outburst passed from mouth to mouth until it finally arrived at the court of the Maharaja of Zabaj. Upon hearing the words of the Khmer ruler, the Maharaja ordered his councillor to prepare a thousand ships for departure. When the fleet was ready, the Maharaja himself went aboard and announced to the crowd on shore that he would be making a pleasure trip amongst his islands. Once at sea, however, the Maharaja orders the armada to proceed to the capital of the Khmer ruler, where his troops took the Khmers by surprise, seized the city, and surrounded the palace. After the Khmer ruler had been captured, he was brought before the Maharaja of Zabaj.
"What caused you to form a desire which was not in your power to satisfy, which would not have given you happiness if you had realized it, and would not even have been justified if it had been easily realizable?" inquired the Maharaja of Zabaj.
Since the Khmer king had nothing to say in return, the Maharaja of Zabaj continued. "You have manifested the desire to see before you my head on a plate. If you also had wished to seize my country and my kingdom or even only to ravage a part of it, I would have done the same to you. But since you have only expressed the first of these desires, I am going to apply to you the treatment you wished to apply to me, and I will then return to my country without taking anything belonging to the Khmer, either of great or small value."
When the Maharaja returned to his own palace back home, he seated himself on the throne. Set before him was a plate upon which rested the head of the former Khmer king.
Conclusion.
Some scholars have sought to link this Maharaja of Zabaj with the Sailendra king of Java. However there are few evidences to prove that the Maharaja of Zabaj is the same king of Sailendra. While the Javakan king of Tambralinga had been linked direct to Maharaja of Zabaj. Therefore the Javaka had occurred in The history since 9th century. In addition Javakan king also occurred in the history of Lavo kingdom, one the kingdoms in the prehistory period of Nusantara.
Location.
Srivijaya.
Many historian identify Zabag with Srivijaya, a maritime empire centered in Sumatra. A French scholar George Coedès published his discoveries and interpretations in Dutch and Indonesian-language newspapers. Coedès noted that the Chinese references to "Sanfoqi" or "Sanfotsi", previously read as "Sribhoja", and the inscriptions in Old Malay refer to the same empire.
Srivijaya and by extension Sumatra had been known by different names to different peoples. The Chinese called it Sanfotsi or San Fo Qi, and at one time there was an even older kingdom of Kantoli that could be considered as the predecessor of Srivijaya. In Sanskrit and Pali, it was referred to as Yavadesh and Javadeh respectively. The Arabs called it Zabag and the Khmer called it Melayu. This is another reason why the discovery of Srivijaya was so difficult. While some of these names are strongly reminiscent of the name of "Java", there is a distinct possibility that they may have referred to Sumatra instead.
Location of Toupo.
"Ye-po-ti of Fashien and Choup'o of the Gunavarman story with Java though probable ,is not accepted by all scholars"{
"Two weeks before reaching Poni by sea" -Chinese works.
Modern Historian are now pointing Cotabato Delta as the Medieval location of Toupo,the successor of Maguindanao/Cotabato Sultanate.

</doc>
<doc id="20206438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206438" title="Agnete Olsen">
Agnete Olsen

Agnete Olsen, later Granholm (December 22, 1909 – September 13, 1997) was a Danish freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1924 and 1928 Summer Olympics. She was born in Copenhagen and was the sister of Rigmor Olsen. In 1924 she was a member of the Danish relay team which finished fourth in the 4×100 metre freestyle relay competition. In the 100 metre freestyle event she was eliminated in the first round. Four years later at the Amsterdam Games she was eliminated with the Danish relay team in the first round of the 4×100 metre freestyle relay competition. In the 100 metre freestyle event she was eliminated in the semi-finals.

</doc>
<doc id="20206441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206441" title="Arthoniomycetes">
Arthoniomycetes

Arthoniomycetes are a class of ascomycete fungi. It includes the single order Arthoniales. Most of the taxa in this class are tropical and subtropical lichens.
Systematics.
Phylogenetic analysis supports the monophyly of this class. Dothideomycetes is a sister group.
Characteristics.
Taxa have apothecia, cup- or saucer- shaped ascoma in which the hymenium is exposed at maturity. These apothecia are bitunicate - with clearly differentiated inner and out walls.

</doc>
<doc id="20206444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206444" title="Geertjan Lassche">
Geertjan Lassche

Geertjan Lassche (Zwolle, 17 August 1976) is a Dutch reporter and documentary film maker.
Career.
He started his career in journalism in 1996, at the "Zwolse Courant", a local newspaper in Zwolle. At the same time he worked on a freelance base, among other things for the local stations RTV Oost, Omroep Gelderland, and Radio 1. He also wrote for several Dutch magazines: "Nieuwe Revu", "Kijk", and "Voetbal International". Two years later a radio documentary by Lassche about the everyday life on a village of farmers was awarded with the Second prize at RVU-Radioprijs.
Lassche has been working for the Evangelische Omroep since 2000 for several programs. He reconstructed among other things a plot of South Moluccan radicals to take Queen Juliana hostage and to occupy the Soestdijk palace. This plot, which was to be executed on April 1975, was prevented as the BVD was tipped on the last moment. Etienne Urka, who was befriended with South Moluccans back then, confessed to Lasche that he informed the BVD from the prison about the RMS plot.
Lassche became renowned with his report about the 'Forgotten Poles during the Battle for Arnhem', for which he took the last journalistic television-interview with prince Bernhard. As a consequence, on Wednesday, May 31, 2006, Queen Beatrix awarded the Military Order of William to the 1st Independent Polish Parachute Brigade. The commander of the Brigade, the late Major General Stanisław Sosabowski, was awarded the "Bronze Lion" posthumously.
The gratitude for this retribution was so great in Poland that Lassche himself was also decorated. On January 30, 2007 he was awarded a military and a Golden Cross of Merit. During the ceremony, a grandson of Major General Sosabowski was present.
In 2005, Lassche made a serial of reports about the Netherlands's Foreign Law. It was discovered that civil servants of the Immigration & Naturalisation Services had informed the Congolese embassy and authorities that several of the people sent back to the Democratic Republic of Congo had claimed asylum in the Netherlands. This information is considered confidential and should not have been disclosed to the Congolese authorities. Rita Verdonk, then Minister of Immigration, at first denied any wrongdoing on behalf of herself or her civil servants, but later admitted that in a several cases the Congolese embassy had been informed of the fact that several of the returnees had applied for asylum in the Netherlands. For these reports Lassche got the Gouden Tape, an incentive prize- for young journalism television talent.
His historical documentary "t Was maar een mof" ('It was just a jerry') revealed the story of the German Wehrmacht soldier Karl Heinz Rosch during the occupation of the Netherlands in the Second World War, who rescued two Dutch toddlers but was killed himself. This story became well-known nationally and this resulted the dedication of a statue for this German soldier.
In 2007 Lassche revealed adoption scandals in Colombia, India and China. It created much commotion amongs adoptive children and - parents, adoption offices and the Ministry of Justice. Several independent government researches confirmed the wrongdoing and insisted on better supervision and a new policy.
In 2008, Geertjan Lassche was nominated for "De Tegel", the annual Dutch award for journalistics.

</doc>
<doc id="20206445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206445" title="Hagberg">
Hagberg

Hagberg is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20206449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206449" title="Ruriko Kikuchi">
Ruriko Kikuchi

Ruriko Kikuchi is a Japanese pianist. 
She won the second edition of the Paloma O'Shea Competition (1974) and shared the 1980 Concorso Busoni's 2nd prize with Rolf Plagge and Hai-Kyung Suh - 1st prize void. She taught at the Osaka College of Music.

</doc>
<doc id="20206456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206456" title="Shijiazhuang Pharma Group">
Shijiazhuang Pharma Group

CSPC Pharmaceutical Group () (China Pharma, HKEx 01093) researches, develops, manufactures and sells pharmaceutical products. Its headquarters is based in China’s Hebei Province.
CSPC produces both active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) and formulations. API products include
penicillin, cefalosporins, vitamins, caffeine and ranitidine. Formulations include antibiotics, butylphthalide (NBP) and analgesics, in addition to nearly 1,000 other products.
CSPC’s 15,000 employees are divided among more than ten subsidiaries, including CSPC Zhongrun, [http://www.zhongrunpc.com/en/index.asp], Weisheng, Zhongnuo and NBP.
CSPC Pharma’s total assets are valued above RMB 8 billion. In 2007, CSPC Pharma achieved sales of RMB 8 billion and net income of RMB 485 million. Direct exports of USD 300 million ranked CSPC first among China’s pharmaceutical enterprises.
One subsidiary, China Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd [http://www.cpg.hk/eng/index_e.htm] (China Pharma) is based in Hong Kong. It is listed on the Hang Seng China-Affiliated Corporations Index. In 2003 and 2004, China Pharma was listed as one of 100 excellent listed companies with turnover less than USD 1 billion.
CSPC Pharma is recognized as one of China’s “500 Most Valuable Chinese Brands” and “Top 500 Chinese Enterprises.” In 2007, CSPC Pharma ranked second among China’s top 100 pharmaceutical industry companies.

</doc>
<doc id="20206461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206461" title="Tina Sani">
Tina Sani

Tina Sani is a Pakistani female singer renowned for her classical and semi-classical Urdu Ghazals.
Early life.
Tina Sani was born in Dhaka, at the time East Pakistan; the family moved to Kabul for a few years, where her father, Nasir Sani, worked for an oil company, before moving to Karachi, where after graduating from the Karachi American School, she went on to study commercial art. She was trained in classical music by Ustad Nizamuddin Khan, son of Ustad Ramzan Khan of Dehli Gharana and Ustad Chand Amrohvi. Tina also received special training from ghazal maestro Mehdi Hasan .
Career.
Tina Sani began working for an advertising agency in 1977. She was involved in all the creative aspects of advertising business, including listening to and evaluating the music that is an integral part of advertising. Tina also taught at the Karachi American School in the art department.
Singing career.
She entered the professional world of singing in 1980, when producer Ishrat Ansari introduced her on TV in a youth programme titled 'Tarang' hosted by Alamgir.
She was influenced by renowned ghazal singers from the sub-continent like Mehdi Hasan, Malika Pukhraj, Begum Akhtar, Mukhtar Begum and Farida Khanum but has created her own style of singing. She gained much acclaim in Pakistan and India by singing the poetry of Faiz Ahmed Faiz including poems like 'Bahaar aayi' and 'Bol ke lab azad' composed by Arshad Mehmood. She renders poetry of contemporary poets with complete ease and is equally at home singing works of Zauq, Ghalib and Mir Taqi Mir; the immortals of Urdu poetry.
Her rendition of Iqbal's Shikwa Jawab-e-Shikwa has earned her great reviews and remains to be the lengthiest piece of poetry she has ever sung.
More recently Tina Sani sang Rumi's beginning verses of the Mathnavi for Coke Studio (Pakistan) to bring verses of the 13th century mystic poet's Persian verses in Urdu language.
Personal life.
Tina Sani is married and has a son, Nasir Siddiqui (b. 1996).

</doc>
<doc id="20206473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206473" title="Hedevig Rasmussen">
Hedevig Rasmussen

Hedevig Rasmussen (later "Gjørling", later "Jensen", April 21, 1902 – April 15, 1985) was a Danish freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
She was born in Copenhagen and died in Lundtofte, Hovedstaden.
In 1924 she was a member of the Danish relay team which finished fourth in the 4×100 metre freestyle relay competition. In the 400 metre freestyle event she was eliminated in the semi-finals and in the 100 metre freestyle event she was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="20206474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206474" title="Word Up! Greatest Hits – Live">
Word Up! Greatest Hits – Live

Word Up! Greatest Hits – Live is a live album released by the funk/R&B group Cameo in 2007. In addition to the live material, two studio tracks were included: "Come Fly With Me" and "Nasty", both written by Larry Blackmon. The "Mega-Mix" is a remix of the album's live tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="20206484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206484" title="Karen Maud Rasmussen">
Karen Maud Rasmussen

Karen Maud Rasmussen (later "Pedersen", June 27, 1906 – September 5, 1994) was a Danish freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
She was born and died in Copenhagen.
In 1924 she was a member of the Danish relay team which finished fourth in the 4×100 metre freestyle relay competition. In the 100 metre freestyle event she was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="20206487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206487" title="Jean-Marie Tassoua">
Jean-Marie Tassoua

Jean-Marie Tassoua is a Congolese politician. Tassoua was a militia commander during the 1997 civil war and served in the government of Congo-Brazzaville as Minister of Energy and Hydraulics from 1997 to 2002. He has been the President of the Economic and Social Council, a state institution, since 2009 and he was Co-President of the New Democratic Forces (FDN), a political party, from 2007 to 2010.
Political career.
An ethnic Mbochi, Tassoua was born at Enyellé, located in the Likouala Region of northern Congo-Brazzaville, and worked at Insurance and Reinsurance of Congo ("Assurances et Réassurances du Congo", ARC). Beginning with the introduction of multiparty politics in 1990, he led a political party, the Democratic Rally of the Congolese People (RDPC). He participated in the February–June 1991 National Conference and was included on the National Conference's committee for the drafting of internal regulations. During the June–October 1997 civil war, Tassoua commanded Denis Sassou Nguesso's Cobra rebel militia; the war concluded with the capture of Brazzaville by the Cobras in mid-October. Speaking to the press after this victory, Tassoua condemned ousted President Pascal Lissouba, saying that "for five years Lissouba didn't invest one cent in the country", and he alleged that international mercenaries were hired to fight on Lissouba's side. Sassou Nguesso then appointed Tassoua to the government as Minister of Energy and Hydraulics on 2 November 1997; Tassoua was one of several Mbochis who held important posts in the government, demonstrating that the government was dominated by members of Sassou Nguesso's own ethnic group and other northerners. He retained his post as Minister of Energy for nearly five years.
Tassoua was a candidate in the May–June 2002 parliamentary election, but failed to win a seat. After the election, he was not included in the government that was appointed on 18 August 2002. Tassoua was subsequently appointed to the Economic and Social Council on 13 August 2003. The newspaper "Le Choc" reported on 20 July 2004 that Tassoua, together with a minister and two other former ministers, had been barred from leaving the country without Sassou Nguesso's approval due to suspicions that they had misused public funds. This report was denied on the next day by public prosecutor Georges Akiéra.
In March 2007, the RDPC agreed to merge with several other parties to create a new party, the New Democratic Forces (FDN). At the constitutive congress of the FDN, Tassoua, as the oldest of the FDN leaders, presided over its opening ceremony on 19 April 2007 and spoke about the FDN's purpose and programme. He was chosen to jointly head the FDN's National Executive Bureau together with Léon-Alfred Opimbat, and on 15 May he and Opimbat signed an electoral agreement on behalf of the FDN with the governing Congolese Labour Party (PCT).
In the 2007 parliamentary election, Tassoua was elected to the National Assembly as the FDN candidate in the Dougou constituency of Likouala Region, where he faced candidates from two friendly parties, the PCT and the Club 2002-PUR. Tassoua was one of three FDN candidates to win seats in the election.
President of the Economic and Social Council (2009–present).
After serving as First Vice-President of the Economic and Social Council, Tassoua was appointed as its President by Sassou Nguesso on 18 September 2009. He succeeded Auguste-Célestin Gongarad Nkoua in that position. The Council is a state body that is assigned the constitutional role of advising the government and Parliament on policy. It has 75 members and has three commissions separately dealing with economic, social, and cultural matters. Speaking to the press on 12 October 2009, Tassoua discussed his plans for improvements to the Council's work, mainly focusing on increasing the visibility of the institution through greater openness and accessibility.
The Council opened its first session under Tassoua's leadership on 25 January 2010. The session was focused on employment and professional training; Tassoua particularly pointed to the problem of youth unemployment. He also stressed that Congo-Brazzaville had ample natural resources and that unemployment could be reduced through the exploitation of those resources. Tassoua reiterated that the Council had an important role to play in the nation's political life as "a center of reflection" assisting the decision-makers. The session ended on 5 February 2010. Tassoua said on the occasion that employment and educational issues needed to be addressed as a prerequisite for industrialization. He also noted the importance of a large operating budget for the Council so that it could work effectively, and he highlighted the importance of regional cooperation in anticipation of a planned meeting of the Union of Economic and Social Councils of Africa (UCESA).
Tassoua and Opimbat jointly led the FDN for three years. At the FDN's First Ordinary Congress on 2–3 May 2010, Opimbat was elected as the sole President of the FDN. The party congress also saw the establishment of the High Council of Dignitaries, a consultative body intended to advise the FDN Executive Bureau; Tassoua was included as one of its seven members, and it was installed on 1 June 2010. Tassoua chaired the consultative body.
As President of the Economic and Social Council, Tassoua made an official visit to China in March 2011. The FDN merged itself into the ruling PCT in July 2011, on the occasion of the PCT's Sixth Extraordinary Congress. At the congress, Tassoua was elected to the PCT's 471-member Central Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20206497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206497" title="Shielding lotion">
Shielding lotion

A shielding lotion is a type of skin moisturizer. Its proponents claim that it creates a protective barrier on the surface of the skin, which serves a dual purpose of retaining the skin's natural moisture and protecting the skin from external irritants.
Shielding Lotion.
Shielding lotions are lotions that bond with the dead skin cells of the epidermis, forming a protective layer with the outer-most layer. This protective layer is virtually the same as what was naturally formed with the outer-most layer of skin cells and the skin's own natural oils and lipids, up until about 100 years ago - before modern life and frequent hand washing stripped it away. This protective layer helps prevents irritating substances from penetrating the skin and getting into its deeper layers. Additionally, it helps to retain the natural moisture and oils, which are responsible for the skin’s elasticity and integrity, thus helping the skin to rejuvenate itself.
Difference from conventional moisturizing lotions.
Conventional lotions are only effective in the short-term by adding artificial moisture to the skin in an effort to replace natural moisture. The problem is that they are very easily removed and need to be reapplied continuously. If the lotion stops being reapplied, the skin can go through a phase of getting even drier than before the first application of an artificial moisturizer (conventional moisturizing lotion). Additionally, conventional lotions sit on the surface of the skin, may be greasy or sticky, thus attracting dirt that may contribute to clogged pores.
Shielding lotions actually bond with the outer layer of dead skin cells and come off as these cells exfoliate. These lotions provide the skin with protection necessary to regain its natural oil and moisture balance and restore its own protective functions. Shielding lotions don’t leave any residue on the skin; they keep pores clean by helping to prevent irritants from coming in, thus improving the ability of the skin to breathe.
Protection.
The outermost layer of the skin is naturally designed to work as a one-way barrier to stop moisture loss, prevent irritants from getting under its surface and allow the skin to breathe and perspire. Today's common irritants include cosmetics, perfumes, antibacterial soaps, cleansers, and household chemicals. These irritants strip the protective elements out from the skin’s surface leaving it unprotected. Skin gets dry, loses its integrity and protective abilities, thus allowing penetration of even more irritants into deeper and deeper layers of the skin which may develop into a variety of various skin problems. The use of conventional moisturizers often only masks the dry skin, but do not provide an actual remedy to dry skin.
Shielding lotions restore the skin’s protective functions, very similar to the way they were before modern life resulted in frequent washing, giving the skin time to restore its integrity and protective abilities. With this protection in place, loss of natural oils and moisture is significantly reduced. Irritants are kept from the deeper layers of the skin preventing even more severe skin disorders. Shielding lotions are becoming the preferred skin care treatment by a growing number of dermatologists.
Moisturizing and Treatment.
In order to resolve a dry skin condition, not only visually, but in actuality, the skin should be properly hydrated. Artificial moisture can’t get below the outer layer of the skin; the only moisture that is able to get that deep is the skin’s own natural moisture.
Shielding lotions help retain the skin’s own moisture and helps keep it where it works best. By replenishing the skin’s protective layer, shielding lotions allow the skin’s own oils and moisture to heal the skin naturally.
Examples of Shielding Lotions.
Examples of shielding lotions available in the market:
References.
6. http://www.bath.ac.uk/news/2010/10/18/eczema/
7. http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1365-2133.2010.10115.x/abstract

</doc>
<doc id="20206505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206505" title="Arthoniales">
Arthoniales

The Arthoniales is an order of the class Arthoniomycetes within the phylum Ascomycota. The position of the family Melaspileaceae in this order is uncertain. Most Arthoniales species are lichenized.
Genera "incertae sedis".
The following genera within the Arthoniales have not been placed with any certainty into a family.

</doc>
<doc id="20206516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206516" title="Serbian Volunteer Corps">
Serbian Volunteer Corps

Serbian Volunteer Corps may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20206526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206526" title="Chopin alveograph">
Chopin alveograph

The Chopin Alveograph is a tool for flour quality measurement. It measures the flexibility of the dough produced from the flour, by inflating a bubble in a thin sheet of the dough until it bursts. The resulting values show the strength of the flour, and thus its suitability for different uses. 
It was developed in 1920 in France by Marcel Chopin, who named it the Extensimeter. 

</doc>
<doc id="20206527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206527" title="Erich Hauser">
Erich Hauser

Erich Hauser (15 December 1930, Rietheim – 28 March 2004, Rottweil) was a German sculptor.
Life.
From 1945 to 1948 Erich Hauser was apprenticed to a steel engraver. Moreover he was taught drawing and modelling by Father Ansgar at the Beuron Archabbey.
Afterwards he studied at the "Freie Kunstschule" in Stuttgart taking evening classes in sculpting. 
Since 1952 Hauser worked as a free artist and sculptor. His first influences were the sculptures of the Spanish artist Pablo Picasso and the Italian-French artist Berto Lardera.
In dealing with metal he was influenced by contemporary "informel" painters of the 1950s. At first his steel sculptures still showed noticeable marks of processing. Later he opted for smooth surfaces.
Since 1962 he worked with industrially pre-fabricated steel plates. At the same time he dealt with basic geometrical structures and technical structural elements, which were characteristic of Hauser’s first autonomous works.
He transformed composed surfaces into hollow sculptures to be viewed from all sides, showing edgy burrs and caves. The sculptures cannot be walked-on. Hauser assembled the metal elements in such a way that they finally became regular hollow bodies. Thus he created spheres, cubes and tetrahedrons.
It is significant of these works that they seem likely to break or fall to pieces or be in risky balance.
Hauser’s participation in the "documenta III" (1964), documenta 4 (1968) and documenta 6 (1977) in Kassel brought about his artistic breakthrough.
From 1964 to 1965 Hauser was a guest lecturer at the school of visual arts in Hamburg. Since then he frequently used pillars as subjects and discovered spatial height. Since 1967 he made his sculptures from polished metal discs shaped as pipes divided lengthwise. In 1969 he was awarded the renowned prize of the São Paulo Art Biennial.
In 1970 Erich Hauser became a member of the Art Academy in Berlin.
Since the 1970s he created numerous sculptures for public places e. g. in Darmstadt, Hanover, Kiel and Kassel. In 1971 he created a double sculpture for the Hesse "Landesmuseum" in Darmstadt, and in 1977 he provided sculptures for the walls of the Berlin State Library. 
He accepted commissions, and also created small sculptures of crescent-shaped discs on cubic blocks. 
In 1970 Hauser moved from Dunningen to Rottweil and helped establish the "Forum Kunst Rottweil". Next to his workshop in the so-called "Saline", he created a sculpture garden, where the "Art Foundation Erich Hauser", which was founded in 1996, keeps presenting his works to this day.
From 1964 to 1985 he was a visiting professor at the school of visual arts in Berlin; in 1986 he received an honorary degree as professor from the state of Baden-Württemberg.
One of his remarkable sculptures is the Stahlengel (steel angel) (1987) in the "Hanover Mile of Sculptures". The stainless steel sculpture is 12 metres high and 16 metres wide.
In 1996 the Erich Hauser-Stiftung e.V (Erich Hauser Foundation) was founded. Its main purpose is the preservation and presentation of Hauser’s works.
Further reading.
In German:<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20206531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206531" title="Bruno Hinz">
Bruno Hinz

Bruno Hinz (25 August 1915 — 28 February 1968) was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.
Bruno Hinz joined the 10th Company, SS-Standarte "Deutschland" in Munich in October 1936 and was part of the forces connected with the Anschluss of Austria and the occupation of the Sudetenland and the annexation of Memel.
At the beginning of World War II he was severely wounded in May 1940 during the Battle of France and promoted to Unterscharführer (Officer Candidate) in September 1940. From December 1940 to March 1941, he was assigned to the SS replacement battalion "Germany". He was then selected for officer training and sent to the SS-Junkerschule at Brunswick.
After six months, training he was posted to the 5th SS Panzer Division Wiking at the same time being promoted to Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) and given command of the 2nd Company, SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment "Westland". It was while in command of this company that he was awarded the German Cross in Gold in April 1943.
In September 1943 his company was in a defensive position on the Dnieper which allowed the 5th SS Panzer Division, to cross the Dnepr River, but during the battle Hinz was severely wounded. Sent to recuperate in the hospital in Germany he was promoted to Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) in November 1943 and awarded the Knight's Cross in December 1943 for this action.
After six months in hospital he returned to active service in February 1944 to took over command of the 2nd Company, 38th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment.
He was next in action in Normandy, when cut off by the advancing allied forces near Saint-Lô, he succeeded in guiding his men through the allied lines. For this he received the award of the Oakleaves for the Knight's Cross on 23 August 1944.
After being wounded again, he was temporarily sent to the SS-Junkerschule at Bad Tolz as the school commander.
While at the school he was promoted to Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in November 1944.
In January 1945 he was posted to the 17th SS Panzergrenadier Division Götz von Berlichingen as a Battalion commander and in March 1945 was captured by the Americans and made a prisoner of war.
As well as being awarded the Wound Badge in Gold, he was awarded the very rare Close Combat Clasp in Gold, which was only awarded 631 times during the war.

</doc>
<doc id="20206538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206538" title="Alida Bolten">
Alida Bolten

Alida "Ada" Cornelia Bolten (October 20, 1903 – January 29, 1984) was a Dutch freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
She was born and died in Amsterdam. She was the sister of Wim Bolten.
In 1924 she was a member of the Dutch relay team which finished sixth in the 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20206541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206541" title="Voglje, Šenčur">
Voglje, Šenčur

Voglje (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Šenčur in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Voglje was attested in written sources in 1247 as "in villa Winkeler" (and as "Winchleren" in 1313 and "Winklern" in 1408). The Slovene name developed from the plural accusative demonym *"Ǫgъľane", derived from the common noun "*ǫgъlъ" (> Sln. "vogel") 'corner; upper part of a mountain chain; place where two ridges diverge', and therefore originally refers to the residents of such a location.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Simon and Saint Jude and was built in 1750 on the site of an earlier church.

</doc>
<doc id="20206544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206544" title="Falling Number">
Falling Number

The Falling Number (FN) Method is the internationally standardized (ICC 107/1, ISO 3093-2004, AACC 56-81B) and most popular method for determining sprout damage. With the Falling Number test, so-called weather or sprout damaged wheat or rye, which is disastrous for bread making quality, could be detected at the grain silo intake within a few minutes. 
Sprouting or pre-harvest germination is caused by damp or rainy weather conditions during the final stage of maturation of the new crop. The germination causes an accelerated production of the starch degrading enzyme alpha-amylase. Severely sprouted grain kernels can contain several thousand times the amount of enzyme of sound unsprouted kernels. Because of this, very low levels of severely sprouted kernels mixed into sound wheat can cause the entire lot to exhibit significant amylase activity. Since the introduction in the early 1960s the FN method has become a world standard in the grain and flour milling industries for measuring alpha-amylase activity in wheat, durum wheat, triticale, rye and barley as well as milled products made from these grains.
History.
The Falling Number method was developed at the end of the 1950s by Sven Hagberg and his co-worker Harald Perten, both at the Cereal Laboratory of the Swedish Institute for the Crafts and Industries.
Method description.
The Falling Number method is uncomplicated, but requires an apparatus which follows the international standards. Such an apparatus consists of a water bath, a test tube, a stirring rod, and a stirring device. Whereas the method was quite manual when it was first invented, instruments today are mainly automated in their operation.
To analyze a grain sample it first needs to be ground to a powder, whereas a flour sample can be analyzed as it is. The sample is put into the test tube; distilled water is added, and the tube is then shaken vigorously to achieve a homogeneous mix. The tube is then placed in the boiling water bath, and the operator begins to stir the sample. Simultaneously the starch begins to gelatinize and the slurry becomes more viscous. The mixing ensures the gelatinization is homogeneous in the slurry, crucial for consistent test results. An additional effect of the high temperature is that the alpha-amylase enzyme contained in the grain begins to break the starch down into glucose and maltose, thereby reducing the viscosity of the slurry. The amount of starch break-down is directly proportionate to the alpha-amylase activity, meaning that the higher the activity of the alpha-amylase, the lower the viscosity will be.
After 60 seconds of mixing, the stirrer is dropped from the top of the test tube, and the operator measures the time it takes for the stirrer to reach the bottom. That time, measured in seconds, is the Falling Number. When the stirrer is dropped, its speed and thus the time it takes it to fall to the bottom, will be determined by the viscosity of the slurry. In other words, the more sprouted the grain was the higher the alpha-amylase activity will be. The higher the alpha-amylase activity the lower the viscosity of the slurry. The lower the viscosity of the slurry the faster the stirrer will fall to the bottom. That is why more sprouted grain results in a lower Falling Number as Falling Number is the time it takes the stirrer to fall to the bottom.

</doc>
<doc id="20206582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206582" title="Mark Carter (rugby)">
Mark Carter (rugby)

Mark Carter is a former rugby football player. He represented Auckland in both rugby union and rugby league and represented New Zealand in rugby union. He has a street named after him in Manukau City.
Rugby Union.
He played in the 1991 Rugby World Cup. He is the only forward in the Auckland Blues to have scored three tries in a Super 12 match, which he did in 1998 while playing the Stormers.

</doc>
<doc id="20206590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206590" title="Arthoniaceae">
Arthoniaceae

The Arthoniaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Arthoniales. Species have a widespread distribution, but are especially prevalent in tropical areas. Collectively, the family has a highly variable ecology, some species lichenized with green algae, and others lichenicolous—growing on other lichens. Species can grow on leaves, bark and rock. The genus was first described by Reichenbach in 1841.

</doc>
<doc id="20206592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206592" title="Borjigit, Demoted Empress">
Borjigit, Demoted Empress

Borjigit, Demoted Empress (birth and death dates unknown, fl. 17th century CE) refers to the first empress of the Shunzhi Emperor of the Qing Dynasty. 
She was a Khorchin Mongol, a branch of the Mongol Borjigit clan that claimed descent from Hasar, a younger brother of Genghis Khan. Her personal name was unknown. Lady Borjigit was the daughter of Wukeshan (吳克善), older brother of the Shunzhi Emperor's mother Empress Dowager Xiaozhuang. She was chosen to be Empress by Empress Dowager Xiaozhuang, and was instated in 1651 after the Shunzhi Emperor started personal rule. The regent Dorgon also encouraged the marriage between Shunzhi and Lady Borjigit. However for unclear reasons Shunzhi disliked Lady Borjigit so much that he vehemently demanded that she be replaced. Lady Borjigit was said to be beautiful and intelligent, but spoiled, extravagant and arrogant. In 1653 Lady Borjigit was demoted from the status of Empress to Consort Jing (靜妃).

</doc>
<doc id="20206596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206596" title="Chooser">
Chooser

Chooser can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20206615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206615" title="Truus Klapwijk">
Truus Klapwijk

Geertruida "Truus" Klapwijk (2 January 1904 – 3 May 1991) was a Dutch diver and freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
She was born and died in Rotterdam.
In 1924 she was a member of the Dutch relay team which finished sixth in the 4×100 metre freestyle relay competition. In the 400 metre freestyle event she was eliminated in the first round. She also participated in the 3 metre springboard contest but was also eliminated in the first round.
Four years later at the Amsterdam Games she finished seventh in the 3 metre springboard competition. In the 10 metre platform event she was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="20206641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206641" title="Emmanuel Baba">
Emmanuel Baba

Emmanuel Baba (born May 22, 1985) is a former Nigerian football player, he last played for PFC Spartak Varna in Bulgaria.
Career.
In 2002 he played for PFC Cherno More Varna. In 2003 moved to Levski Sofia. In 2007 he played for PFC Spartak Varna.
International career.
He played with the Nigerian U-17 national team in the 2001 FIFA U-17 World Championship and won the bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="20206643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206643" title="Fauna of Sindh">
Fauna of Sindh

The Fauna of Sindh live in an area with a semi arid climate. With its coastal and riverine forests, its huge fresh water lakes, mountains and deserts, Sindh supports a large and varied wildlife population.
Habitat and wildlife.
Due to the climate of Sindh, its forests support average population of jackals and snakes. 
The national parks established by the Government of Pakistan, in collaboration with organizations such as World Wide Fund for Nature and the Sindh Wildlife Department helps preserve a huge variety of animals and birds. The Kirthar National Park in the Kirthar range spreads out over more than 3000 km² of desert, stunted tree forests and a lake. The KNP supports Sindh Ibex, wild sheep (urial) and the black bear along with the rare leopard. There are also occasional sightings of The Sindhi phekari, ped lynx or Caracal cat. There is now also a project to introduce tigers and asian elephants to KNP near the Hub dam lake.
The Nara Canal Region.
Another biodiversity rich area of Sindh is the huge plains around the Nara Canal. The Nara Canal juts out of the Indus River from the Sukkur Barrage and irrigates hundreds of thousands of acres of cultivated land. The Nara Canal also provides vital water for species living in its proximity and also to its lakes. The infamous Indus river dolphin is among the most endangered species in Pakistan and is found in the Northern Sindh's Indus River area and the upper reaches of the Nara canal. Pharo (hog deer) and wild bear are found in the area of the central inundation belt. There are a variety of bats, lizards and reptiles: including the cobra, lundi (viper).
Animals of Mythical Proportions.
Some unusual sightings of Asian Cheetah occurred in 2003 near the Balochistan Border in the Kirthar mountains. The pirrang (large tiger cat or fishing cat) of the eastern desert region is also disappearing. Deer are found in the lower rocky plains and in the eastern region, as well as the striped hyena (charakh), jackal, fox, porcupine, common gray mongoose and hedgehog. 
The mysterious Sindh krait of the Thar region, which is supposed to suck the victim's breath in his sleep is widely found in the Tharparkar District of Southern Sindh.
Along the coast.
Between July and November when the monsoon winds blow onshore from the ocean, giant Olive Ridley turtles lay their eggs along the seaward side. These turtles are a protected species. After the mothers lay their eggs and leave them buried under the sands. Today the SWD and WWF officials take the eggs, protecting them until they are hatched away from predators. 
Crocodiles are rare and inhabit only the backwaters of the Indus, the eastern Nara channel. Some population of Marsh crocodiles can be very easily seen in the waters of Haleji Lake near Karachi. Besides a large variety of marine fish, the plumbeous dolphin, the beaked dolphin, rorqual or blue whale and a variety of skates frequent the seas along the Sindh's coast. The pallo (sable fish), though a marine fish, ascends the Indus annually from February to April to spawn. The rare Houbara Bustard also finds Sindh's warm climate suitable to rest and mate. 

</doc>
<doc id="20206649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206649" title="Embassy of Canada, Kabul">
Embassy of Canada, Kabul

The Embassy of Canada in Afghanistan is a Canadian government diplomatic mission located in the Afghan capital city of Kabul. It is responsible for bilateral relations between Canada and Afghanistan. Diplomatic relations between the two countries were re-established on September 5, 2003. The current serving Head of Mission is Philip Mackinnon.

</doc>
<doc id="20206661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206661" title="J-Alert">
J-Alert

The system.
J-Alert is a satellite based system that allows authorities to quickly broadcast alerts to local media and to citizens directly via a system of loudspeakers. According to Japanese officials it takes about 1 second to inform local officials, and between 4 and 20 seconds to relay the message to citizens. 
All warnings, except for severe weather warnings, are broadcast in five languages: Japanese, English, Mandarin, Korean and Portuguese (Japan has a small Chinese, Korean and Brazilian population). The warnings were broadcast in these languages during the 11th March 2011 earthquake and tsunami. The severe weather warnings are only broadcast in Japanese.
J-Alert broadcasts via the Superbird-B2 communication satellite.
Adoption rate.
Many prefectures and urban areas have been slow to adopt the system. Upon its introduction the Japanese government hoped to have 80% of the country equipped with the J-Alert system by 2009. However, under current plans, by 2011 only 36% of the nation will have been covered. Cost has been a major factor. The initial installation estimate is estimated to be around 430 million yen, and the yearly maintenance is estimated to be around 10 million yen. Local governments have been hesitant to cut other services to implement the system.

</doc>
<doc id="20206663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206663" title="Kurt Wahl">
Kurt Wahl

Kurt Wahl (20 August 1914 — 28 December 1988) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oakleaves (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
He was born 20 August 1914 in Meiningen near Thüringen. During World War II, he joined the Waffen SS and was posted to the 17th SS Panzergrenadier Division Götz von Berlichingen, he was awarded the Knight's Cross while serving as the Adjutant of the 38th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment in August 1944 and received the award of the Oakleaves in February 1945, while in command of the 17th SS Panzer Reconnaissance Battalion.
Wahl survived the war and died on the 28 December 1988 at Oyten, near Bremen.

</doc>
<doc id="20206664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206664" title="La Salette of Roxas">
La Salette of Roxas

La Salette of Roxas is a Marian Institution school located in Vira, Roxas, Isabela, Philippines. It is the only Catholic school in the municipality and is one of the leading educational institution in Isabela.
It has sister schools such as "La Salette of Aurora", "La Salette of Quezon", "La Salette of Ramon", "La Salette of San Mateo", "La Salette of Cabatuan", "La Salette of Cordon" and "University of La Salette- Santiago City". It was founded on September 17, 1958, by the Missionaries of La Salette. It is a Catholic school which provides the town of Roxas with faith, hope and reconciliation. La Salette of Roxas is guided by the Our Lady of La Salette which originated in La Salette, France.
History.
The first of the La Salette missionaries who went to Roxas was Fr. Blanchet on February 28, 1949. In June 1957, the La Salette Fathers from United States of America went to the town of Roxas to fulfill their mission in educating the youth, thus La Salette of Roxas has been founded. The school was formerly known as "Mallig Academy".
It was in May 1964,when the Vice-Provincial of the La Salette Missionaries entered into an agreement with the General Superior of the congregation of the Franciscans of the Immaculate Conception of the Holy Mother of God (CFIC) for the sisters to take charge of the Principalship, religion classes, and guidance services of the school.
In 1979, the Principalship for the school was turned over to the lay people. However, the Sisters up to the present time retained the Christian Formation Program and Guidance Services.
Before, the school originally sat on a 20,000 square meters lot. Later, the campus expanded to an adjacent lot of 3,358 square meters in July 1960 and another lot of 10,000 square meters in November 1964.
The school year 1988-89 ushered in an era of uncertainty for the school. With the passage and implementation of the free Secondary Education Bill, the DECS limitation on tuition fee increases, and the teachers clamor for higher wages, the school was beset with survival problems. There were fears and apprehensions of mass transfer of students and teachers to the public schools. However, in contrary to expectations, the school has experienced a considerable increase in its student population especially due to the increase of numbers of transferees from the public schools and due to the Education Service Contracting Scheme being provided by the Government. Luckily, the school kept 99% of its employees with only two teachers leaving the school for greener pastures.
In 2008, La Salette of Roxas celebrated its 50th Founding Anniversary. La Salette has been serving the Mallig Region the highest quality of education.
Our Lady of La Salette.
Our Lady of La Salette is the official patron and the carrier name for the school. The Parish Church beside the campus was also named after La Salette since the school originally own the Parish.
It was in September 19, 1846 when the Virgin Mary appeared to two French children named Mélanie Calvat and Maximin Giraud in the mountain of La Salette in France. It was said that the Virgin Mary is speaking with tears, and told the two children that unless people repented she would be forced to let go the arm of her son because it had become so heavy. The Virgin Mary went on to complain that she had to pray ceaselessly to her son for them, but the people still worked during Sundays and blasphemed. Mary also spoke of coming punishments for these sins, including crop blights and famine. She confided a secret to each of the children, which they were not to divulge, although eventually these secrets were made known to Pope Pius IX. Finally she asked the children to spread her message before disappearing. The famous phrase from the Virgin Mary goes ""Come near my Children, do not be afraid..."".
After the Apparition, only few people believed what the children saw and heard. The farmers who came into contact with the children where amazed at them. They were so ignorant, and yet they were able to transmit and communicate, in French, a complicated message which they did not understand well. As well, they were able to do this clearly and with precise descriptions. Mélanie Calvat and Maximin Giraud were constantly interrogated by curious people as well as their devoted ones. They simply said the same story, repeating it over and over. To those interested in going up the mountain, they take them to the place where Our Lady appeared. On several occasions, they were threatened with jail if they did not deny the alleged apparitions and if they continued to speak about them. Without fear or hesitation, they continued to report all the messages that Our Lady gave them.
The Apparition was approved by the name Our Lady of La Salette by Pope Pius IX and verified the apparition of the Virgin Mary.
In 2007, the Statue of Our Lady of La Salette from France was placed in La Salette of Roxas and in other La Salette Schools in Isabela.
Departments.
Grade School.
La Salette of Roxas Elementary Department is a Catholic elementary school offering education for students from the kindergarten level to the sixth grade. Its facilities and classrooms are located in one building. The Grade School shares the athletic facilities with the High School.
The curriculum for the grade school focuses on basic elementary education, by which Filipino, Christian Living, Language(English), Science, Art, Music, Computer, and Arithmetic are introduced in Kindergarten 1 and 2. Language Arts, Science, Music, Mathematics, Computer and Physical Education are taught in Grades 1-6.
High School.
La Salette of Roxas High School Department is a Catholic secondary school. Its department is located within the New Building built in 2003.
The high school curriculum focuses mainly on college preparatory education in which English (Grammar, Literature, Rhetoric and Reading), Mathematics, Science, Social Science, Christian Living, and Filipino make up the academic subjects while Arts and Technology (includes Music and Integrated Arts), Computer, and Physical Education and Health make up the co-curricular subjects which are all taught through 1st to 4th Year High School.
High School is the center of education for La Salette of Roxas. It offers the highest quality of secondary school education in the Mallig Plains Region.
College.
The La Salette of Roxas houses the branch for University of La Salette. It offers courses such as Bachelor of Science in Nursing, Education, Information Technology and Accountancy.
The Campus.
The school is located on an almost 40,000 square meters campus along Magsaysay St in Vira, Roxas, Isabela.
St. Francis Hall.
The St. Francis Hall is said to be one of the oldest buildings in the campus and houses classrooms for First year Students. In 2007, it was renovated and converted into offices. It is a one-level building which houses the "Balay ti Alumni (Office of the Almuni)" which also serves as room for other school services such as storage for offerings from Belen every December and as a Debate Room for English classes. The Guidance and Counselor's Office is also located here as with the "Prefect of Discipline Office" which used to be a comfort room, serves as the Disciplinary Office for students not abiding the rules and regulations for school such as incomplete uniform and late comers. The "Office of the Informer" is also located here and exits through the Red Bench which acts as the "Informer"(school publication)'s meeting place.
St. Alphonse Hall.
The first floor houses the "Director's Office" and "Cashier". The Cashier is responsible for the Tuition Fees and Miscellaneous Fees of the students. Before examinations, students who are not paid in Cash are required to pay Tuition Fees at the Cashier's Office. The Hall also houses the Chemistry and Physics Laboratory for science class experiments. The room is complete with basic apparatus for experiments.
The second floor is occupied by the school Library. The Library houses books separated by each category, and study tables for review and assignments.
New Building.
The New Building is the newest and the largest building in the campus built in 2003. It serves as the High School Department and houses some offices. It is a three-level elongated building with 9 rooms each level and are designed in high-quality and well ventilated rooms. Offices of the school are all air-conditioned while the classrooms are ventilated with high-ceiling fans. Each level, Fire Alam can be located.
The first floor houses the Office of the Registrar who handles all students records and the "Principal's Office". The principal is usually a nun and a member of CFIC. The Faculty Room occupied by almost 50 Staffs is also located here. Classrooms for Fourth Year High Schools and Grades 5-6 is situated in the New Building.
The second floor houses the Dental Clinic which regularly check the dental health of the students and the Sound Room that is responsible for the school sound system. Computer Laboratories with 70 Computer units and Classrooms for Third year High School. One section for Second-year High School is also here.
The third floor houses Classrooms for First Year and Second year High School. Each level, Comfort Rooms are very apparent. Male CR are located on the right-most of each level, while Female CR are on the opposite wing.
Elementary Building.
The Elementary Building is situated on the left-most part of the campus housing the classrooms for Pre-School and Grade School except for Grades 5 and 6. On the left-most part, the Stage for Elementary Department can be located. It showcases different activities and programs for Elementary students.
Building I/Building II.
The Building 1 is the oldest building in the campus housing classrooms for College students. On the second floor, a dormitory can be located but later changed into few more classrooms. The Building II, a two-level modern building houses the offices and computer laboratories for College students. At the back of the Building II, an old Narra tree with a kiosko can be located, same as to Sister's Convent and Garden. The pathway connecting the two exits into the Our Lady of La Salette Parish.
The Building I and II also houses the School Auditorium which is a big indoor arena that serves as the main venue for all school events especially during rainy season. It also serves as a practice room for the students participating in competitions in and out of the school. Also, every Thursday Eucharistic celebration is celebrated here whenever the Parish Church is unavailable.
TLE Building.
The TLE or Technology and Livelihood Education Building is a one-level building housing the school kitchen for the subject, TLE. It offers complete utensils for students engaging in the culinary and livelihood education and catering area. This building served as the Director's residence before.
Gymnasium.
The Gymnasium is located beside the Building I and II and remains uncompleted to date. It is situated in the former area of the Old Convent. However, this will serve as the Physical Education Area in the future.
School Ground.
The School provides certain courts for each sport for Physical Education and for Intramurals and Foundation Day. The school has two Basketball Courts and a Volleyball Court located in front of the Building I. The campus also has Tennis Court and Sepak Takraw Court beside the Biology Garden and Rosary Garden. Also, Softball Game can be done on the Softball ground with a carpet grass landscape.
The 8 Yellow Benches served as students waiting area for Dismissal and Lunch Break are located along the school fence. The playground for elementary students is located between the Elementary Building and Parking Lot. There are also covered pathways and cemented pathways leading to different school buildings.
A Grotto built in 2008 is situated in front of New Building and features a Giant Virgin Mary. The Grotto depicts the Apparition of the Virgin Mary to Mélanie Calvat and Maximin Giraud in the Mountain of La Salette in France in 1846.
On the College Department, a giant map of the Philippines made from cement can be seen but during the renovation process, it was replaced by building that houses offices for the University. The gymnasium is located beside the former Auditorium (now Building I) after being completed in 2011.
The school has three gates- Main Gate, Elementary Gate and the University Gate
Chapel, School Canteen and Garden.
The school also has a newly constructed chapel built in 2008. It is located between the TLE Building and St. Alphonse Hall. The Chapel has a mini pond and a small bridge connecting into the main hallway. The Chapel was designed in a modern way with the Our Lady of La Salette in the altar. It serves as Prayer room for students and is open any time.
The campus has two canteens. The Main Canteen is located beside the New Building and Elementary building and serves as Canteen for High School and Elementary Students. The second canteen is located inside the Building I and serves as canteen for College students.
The Rosary Garden is located in front of St. Alphonse Hall. A giant rosary with beads made up of cement is situated here, and a shrine for Our Lady of La Salette in a center of a gazeebo. It is being lightened every night with different colored-lights and by candles during the Rosary Month. The Biology Garden is situated between the Basketball Court and Tennis Court. The garden houses various types of plants taken care by students taking Biology Class. It also houses a Nipa Hut and a pond.
Extra-curricular.
Extra-curricular is one of the three main factors that contribute in the computation of grades for Salettinians. Competitions and other activities including club participations are counted with corresponding points.
Supreme Student Council.
The Supreme Student Cancer or SSC is the student government inside the campus. A student must meet the requirements prescribed by Comelec in filing a Candidacy for a desired position. The candidates are allowed to campaign but were given limited time. Campaign paraphernalias have to be located in the designated areas. The Student Council is determined by an Election with voters comprising all students. Positions include President, Vice President, Treasurer and more.
Classroom Officers.
Each class are required to have their own Officers to represent the class for School meetings organized by the President of the Supreme Student Council. The classroom officers are responsible for the wellness and peacefulness of the class. Officers also include President, Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer and more.
Prayers.
There are many prayers done inside the school campus. Before a start of the daily Flag Ceremony, the "Consecration to Our Lady of La Salette" is prayed. The Prayer of Angelus is prayed on the school sound system which is a sign of the dismissal for the Morning class. The Memorare of Our Lady of La Salette is also played on school sound system as a mark for afternoon dismissal.
The La Salette Invocation
The prayer for the Consecration to Our lady of La Salette is as follows:
The Memorare of Our Lady of La Salette is as follows:
The School Emblem.
The school emblem is a round logo with the name of the school, "La Salette of Roxas" across the circumference. Below is the city address, Roxas, Isabela.
At the center of the school emblem lies the La Salette Cross. The La Salette cross,is worn by the Blessed Virgin Mary, was unusual because it has a hammer and pincer. The hammer symbolizes the sinner nailing Jesus on the cross by human sins and the pincer represents the humanity trying to remove the nails from the cross by our virtuous life and fidelity to Jesus. This cross was seen hanging on a chain around the neck of the Blessed Virgin.
Below the cross lies the motto of the school, "Pro deo et Patria", an Italian phrase meaning "For God and Country".
Celebrations.
La Salette of Roxas celebrates many occasions within a school year. Some of these are:
Intamurals.
The Intramurals or sports Intramurals is usually celebrated every July. It is a one-day celebration starting with a Celebration of the Holy Eucharist and a Parade around the town led by the school Drum and Lyre Corps. The celebration starts in the morning and ends in the afternoon. Sports is the center of this celebration with the opposing teams compete with each other on different sport events such as Basketball Boys and Girls, Volleyball, Softball, Sepak Takraw and Badminton Single and Double.
The intramural sports programs are often organized on the campus to promote competition and fun among the students. In the afternoon, unfinished games and categories are continued on the celebration of the Foundation Day.
Foundation Day.
The celebration of the Foundation starts every September 16 and ends on September 19 marking the Anniversary of the Apparition of Our Lady of La Salette. The Foundation Day is the most awaited event in a school year.
There are always four teams competing each other, the name of the teams always start with a representing color followed by a representing mascot depending on the yearly theme. Some of themes are gemstones, animals and more. Each team consists of one section from each year level.
The celebration starts with a Holy Mass and a Parade led by the Flag Bearers and Drum and Lyre Corps of Elementary Department, in the middle, the Drum and Lyre Corps of High School Department. It is participated by all students classified on teams. All are wearing their official colors. The parade also has floats from Elementary Department, and the float of the Blessed Virgin Mary. The parade consist also of the Faculty and Staff, and College Department usually at the end of the long parade.
The competitions are scheduled accordingly so all students have to watch every event. Some of the major competitions are Folk Dance, Cheering Competition, Pop Dancing Competition and Dancesport are always held in the school Quadrangle. There are also Singing Competition for Solo and Duo in the school Auditorium.
On the Literary Competition, there is always a Declamation, Oration and Extemporaneous speaking held on the Auditorium.
There are also different booths during the Foundation Day Celebration, they are as follows:
On the other hand, Sports Competition is usually in the afternoon and are held in different parts of the school field. Winners of the Final Round are considered the Champion for the said event. Awardings of trophied and medals are usually on the afternoon of September 19. The next day after the Foundation day is considered a school holiday where some students are assigned for cleaning.
Buwan ng Wika.
The "Buwan ng Wika" is always celebrated in schools in the Philippines every August. The school promotes the usage of Filipino in the school campus during this month. At the last week of August, Competitions are always held. Some of these are Slogan Making Contest, Poster Making Contest, "Paglikha ng Tula" at "Mga Awitin"..
The yearly "Sabayang Pagbigkas" Competition is also held. Participants are Section A Classes from each year level.
Nutrition Month.
Every July, La Salette of Roxas celebrates Nutrition Month. During the last week of Celebration, there are also Slogan and Poster Making Contest with a theme about Nutrition. There are also Cooking Competition held at the TLE Building, same as to Catering Competition and Flower Arranging Competition.
Others.
This promotes usage of English language. Students caught speaking in Tagalog will be given corresponding punishments. Competitions are also held same as to "Buwan ng Wika". This is being celebrated last week of January.
This is celebrated every October. Students are required to light candles on the Rosary Garden. Programs such as Prayer offering are being held.
During the month of December, students have to donate goods like used underwear, toys and basic commodities. Each section must earn their goods and they are being counted weekly with corresponding points. The section with the highest value of donations every week are announced during the Flag ceremony and earn extra rice. The earned goods are donated on Christmas Day to people of remote areas in the town.
Christian Formation.
La Salette of Roxas offers a top quality education not only to Academic programs but also in yearning the youth to Christian Values that is why an added subject "Religion" is in the curriculum from Pre-School to College. Person teaching the subject can only be either a Priest or a Nun. However, most of the time, the Sisters get the position in teaching Christian Formation.
Before, Religion classes takes part on sending Salettinians to Elementary Schools in Roxas, Isabela to teach the word of God once a week. This is often referred to as Cathecism and students teaching the word of God is called a Cathecist. But in 2005, the Catechism was stopped by the school due to public demand.
Recollection and Retreat.
Students enrolled in La Salette of Roxas are required to attend the scheduled Recollection. Various activities are done by the students and the attending Priest or a Brother. There is also a celebration of Holy Mass and Confession by the Sacrament of Penance. The Recollection is usually done in the school Chapel or inside the Building II.
The Retreat, on the other hand can only be done by the Fourth Year Students. Retreat is usually on the months of January or February where fourth-year students stay in the National Shrine of Our Lady of La Salette in Silang, Cavite which is a 16-hour trip from Roxas, Isabela. The students engage in Spiritual exercises for one week, and connect themselves to God. The purpose of this is for the students to reconnect with God through prayer and meditation. However, the students can tour the whole compound of the Shrine which is considered the largest Shrine of Our Lady of La Salette.

</doc>
<doc id="20206676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206676" title="Melaspileaceae">
Melaspileaceae

The Melaspileaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the order Arthoniales. Containing a single genus, "Melaspilea", they are poorly understood, and phylogenetic relationships to other taxa in the Ascomycota are not clearly defined.

</doc>
<doc id="20206677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206677" title="Gentle Men">
Gentle Men

Gentle Men is an album released in 1997 by English folk singers Roy Bailey and Robb Johnson in collaboration with Belgian singer Vera Coomans and Belgian jazz band Koen De Cauter and the Golden Serenaders. The album takes the form of a song cycle inspired by the experiences of Johnson's grandfathers during the First World War, and was released as part of the Vredesconcerten Passendale (Paschendale Peace Concerts) series.
Concept.
Johnson based the songs on the album around the experiences of his two grandfathers at the Ypres Salient in 1917 and used official histories and family memories in his research. According to the album's sleevenotes, Johnson's paternal grandfather, Ernest Isaac Johnson, was an apprentice glassblower and amateur musician, who served as a bandsman in the Royal Army Medical Corps from 1915 until the conclusion of the war in 1918. His maternal grandfather, Henry Robert Jenner, enlisted despite being underage and served with the Post Office Rifles. When his true age was discovered, he was allocated duties away from the frontline, but was eventually sent back to the trenches. Despite being affected by a mustard gas attack, he also survived the war.
Credits.
According to the sleevenotes, Bailey, Johnson and Coomans all contribute lead vocals, and Johnson also plays guitar and whistle. Koen De Cauter plays saxophone, guitar and clarinet, and the Golden Serenaders band also includes Hendrik Braeckman on guitar, Dajo De Cauter on double bass, Myrdhin De Cauter on clarinet, Jan De Coninck on trumpet, Philip Hoessen on accordion and Willy Seeuws on drums. Piet Chielens produced the album, which was recorded and mixed by Rudy Dekeyzer. All songs were written by Johnson and arranged by De Cauter and his band.
Reception.
Folk music magazine "The Living Tradition" described the songs as "emotive, thought provoking and carrygreat depth and weight." Allmusic described the songs as "moving" and stated that it was one of the best albums of Johnson's career. "Mojo" named the album Folk Album of the Month, and "The Daily Telegraph" chose it as Folk Album of the Year.
Track listing.
Disc Two.
In 2000 Johnson performed the songs from the album at a Remembrance Day concert in Worcester with a band which included Russell Churney. He also re-recorded the song "When Harry Took Me To See Ypres", providing the lead vocals himself, on his 2005 album "A Beginner's Guide".

</doc>
<doc id="20206681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206681" title="Forge FM">
Forge FM

Forge FM was a youth-led community radio station and educational charity in Sheffield in the 1990s. Run by volunteers, the station brought together a wide range of specialist music shows and speech-based programming with the aim of involving all members of the community, the first of its kind in the city.
History.
Originally the Radio and TV Society (RTVS) formed in 1991 at the Sheffield University Students Union (SUSU), the name Forge was chosen through a competition prior to the first 28-day RSL broadcast in October 1992. A second broadcast was made from the Union in October 1993.
In 1994 the Student Union withdrew their support following reports that Forge’s activities were no longer student orientated. The organisation moved to a new home in Sheffield’s Cultural Industries Quarter. Forge was now an independent entity comprising a registered educational charity (Forge FM, charity number 1039396) and a registered company (02825116 Forge FM Trading Ltd). Funding from grants was used to run a series of courses in radio production. The long term goal of the organisation was to become a full time community radio station for Sheffield.
Forge continued to produce annual 28-day broadcasts and also collaborated with the Northern Media School at Sheffield Hallam University to produce broadcasts for the Sheffield Children’s Festival as Festival FM.
The long-term goal was never realised - in 2000 The charity was removed from the Charities Register and the trading company was dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="20206687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206687" title="Never a Dull Moment (1950 film)">
Never a Dull Moment (1950 film)

Never a Dull Moment is a 1950 RKO comedy film starring Irene Dunne and Fred MacMurray. The film is based on the 1943 book "Who Could Ask For Anything More?" by Kay Swift.
Plot.
At a rodeo in New York, visiting cowboy Chris Heyward is charmed to make the acquaintance of Kay Kingsley, a songwriter. They marry and move out west to his ranch.
Wyoming welcomes her, including Chris' former romantic interest Jean Morrow and his two daughters from a previous marriage, Nan and Tina. A rival rancher named Mears holds the water rights to his land and is accidentally humiliated by Kay at a dance.
She tries without complaint to adjust to her new life, but it's hard. A windstorm threatens their home, the children are leery of her and Kay accidentally kills Mears' prize steer.
Offered a job back in New York that could help pay for the water, Kay takes it but alienates Chris. He needs to be persuaded by the kids to return east and win her back.

</doc>
<doc id="20206700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206700" title="Lists of demons">
Lists of demons

These are lists of demons:

</doc>
<doc id="20206711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206711" title="Best of Indie Years">
Best of Indie Years

Best of Indie Years is the second compilation album by L'Âme Immortelle.

</doc>
<doc id="20206721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206721" title="Stine Larsen">
Stine Larsen

Stine Larsen (born 5 November 1975) is a retired Norwegian long-distance runner who specialized in the marathon.
In her younger days she won a bronze medal in the 10,000 metres at the inaugural European Under 23 Championships in 1997, finishing behind Olivera Jevtic and Annemari Sandell. She finished twelfth at the 2000 World Half Marathon Championships. In the marathon event she has finished seventeenth at the 2003 World Championships and twenty-fourth at the 2004 Olympic Games.
She became Norwegian champion in the half marathon in 1999, representing the sports club FIK BFG Fana.

</doc>
<doc id="20206723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206723" title="Youssef Moughfire">
Youssef Moughfire


</doc>
<doc id="20206727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206727" title="Aristolochia indica">
Aristolochia indica

Aristolochia indica is a creeper plant found in Kerala in India and also Sri Lanka. This plant is critical to the survival of the Southern Birdwing and Common Birdwing. It reaches a height of several metres on trees and cover the branches with thick foliage. It flowers once a year to produce seeds. It can also be propagated by roots. The plant has a number of historical medicinal uses. This plant contains Aristolochic acid is a rodent carcinogen found in Aristolochia and Asarum, both in the Aristolochiaceae family of plants. Aristolochic acid is composed of a ~1:1 mixture of two forms, aristolochic acid I and aristolochic acid II.
In addition to its carcinogenicity, aristolochic acid is also highly nephrotoxic and may be a causative agent in Balkan nephropathy. However, despite these well-documented dangers, aristolochic acid still is present sometimes in herbal remedies (such as for weight loss), primarily because of substitution of innocuous herbs with Aristolochia species. The alcoholic extract is more toxic than the water extract.

</doc>
<doc id="20206729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206729" title="Never a Dull Moment">
Never a Dull Moment

Never a Dull Moment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20206750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206750" title="Digby, Victoria">
Digby, Victoria

Digby is a town in the Western District of Victoria, Australia. The town is in the Shire of Glenelg, west of the state capital, Melbourne on Stokes River, a tributary of the Glenelg. At the 2006 census, Digby and the surrounding area had a population of 369. The town is named after Digby, Lincolnshire in England.
The Henty Brothers established the first European settlement in the Digby area in 1837. In 1843, The Woolpack Inn was establish near modern Digby; it burnt down in 1887. By 1847 the town consisted of the inn, a blacksmith and a series of huts. The town was officially surveyed in 1852.
In 1857, a second inn—the Digby Hotel—was established; the hotel still exists today, although rebuilt after fire in 1935. Shortly afterwards, on 1 June 1858, Digby Post Office opened.
The Digby Mechanics Institute was built in 1868 and has continually operated since. The first sitting of the Supreme Court of Victoria outside Melbourne was in Digby in 1869. By 1874 the town had a post office, two hotels, four shops and a school.

</doc>
<doc id="20206755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206755" title="Wansford Lock">
Wansford Lock

Wansford Lock was built as part of the Driffield Navigation in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It was opened in 1770, and restored in 2009.
Location.
In the village of Wansford, the lock is easily accessible from the B1249 road.
History.
The lock was built during the construction of the Driffield Navigation between 1767 and 1770. It was restored in two stages, the first of which involved the creation of a flood relief channel around the lock chamber, which was completed in Autumn 2008. New top and bottom gates were installed as part of the second phase, and the lock was officially opened on 4 July 2009.
The funding for this project was provided by the Inland Waterways Association, the East Riding of Yorkshire Council, and Waste Recycling Environmental Limited (WREN), who give grants to organisations based near to landfill sites.

</doc>
<doc id="20206758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206758" title="Mirko Plantić">
Mirko Plantić


</doc>
<doc id="20206762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206762" title="Discovery and development of angiotensin receptor blockers">
Discovery and development of angiotensin receptor blockers

The angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs), also called angiotensin (AT1) receptor antagonists or sartans, are a group of antihypertensive drugs that act by blocking the effects of the hormone angiotensin II (Ang II) in the body, thereby lowering blood pressure. Their structure is similar to Ang II and they bind to Ang II receptors as inhibitors, e.g., from Rhys Healthcare.
ARBs are widely used drugs in the clinical setting today, their main indications being mild to moderate hypertension, chronic heart failure, secondary stroke prevention and diabetic nephropathy.
The discovery and development of ARBs is a demonstrative example of modern rational drug design and how design can be used to gain further knowledge of physiological systems, in this case, the characterization of the subtypes of Ang II receptors.
History.
In 1898, the physiologist Robert Tigerstedt and his student, Per Bergman, experimented with rabbits by injecting them with kidney extracts. Their results suggested the kidneys produced a protein, which they named renin, that caused a rise in blood pressure. In the 1930s, Goldblatt conducted experiments where he constricted the renal blood flow in dogs; he found the ischaemic kidneys did in fact secrete a chemical that caused vasoconstriction. In 1939, renin was found not to cause the rise in blood pressure, but was an enzyme which catalyzed the formation of the substances that were responsible, namely, angiotensin I (Ang I) and Ang II.
In the 1970s, scientists first observed Ang II to harm the heart and kidneys, and individuals with high levels of renin activity in plasma were at increased risk of myocardial infarction and stroke.
With the introduction of angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors in the late 1970s it was confirmed that Ang II plays an important role in regulating blood pressure and electrolyte and fluid balance.
Before that attempts had been made to develop useful Ang II receptor antagonists and initially, the main focus was on angiotensin peptide analogues. Saralasin and other Ang II analogues were potent Ang II receptor blockers but the main problem was a lack of oral bioavailability.
In the early 1980s it was noted that a series of imidazole-5-acetic acid derivatives diminished blood pressure responses to Ang II in rats. Two compounds, S-8307 and S-8308, were later found to be highly specific and promising non-peptide Ang II receptor antagonists but using molecular modeling it was seen that their structures would have to mimic more closely the pharmacophore of Ang II. Structural modifications were made and the orally active, potent and selective nonpeptide AT1 receptor blocker losartan was developed. In 1995 losartan was approved for clinical use in the United States and since then six additional ARBs have been approved. These drugs are known for their excellent side-effects profiles, which clinical trials have shown to be similar to those of placebos.
The angiotensin II receptor.
The actions of Ang II are mediated by angiotensin receptors, AT1 and AT2. These receptors are members of the G protein-coupled receptors family which are seven transmembrane helices, connected by interchanging extracellular and intracellular loops.
Each G protein-coupled receptor couples to a specific G-protein which leads to activation of a special effector system. AT1 receptors are for instance primarily coupled through the Gq/11 group of G-proteins. 
Two more angiotensin receptors have been described, AT3 and AT4, but their role is still unknown.
Distribution in the body.
AT1 receptors are mainly found in the heart, adrenal glands, brain, liver and kidneys. Their main role is to regulate blood pressure as well as fluid and electrolyte balance. 
AT2 receptors are highly expressed in the developing fetus but they decline rapidly after birth. In the adult, AT2 receptors are present only at low levels and are mostly found in the heart, adrenal glands, uterus, ovaries, kidneys and brain.
Functions.
Most of the known actions of Ang II are mediated through the AT1 receptors, for example vasoconstriction, aldosterone release, renal sodium reabsorption and vasopressin secretion. The AT2 receptor also takes part in regulation of blood pressure and renal function but mediates antagonistic effects compared to the AT1 receptor.
Binding pockets.
Ang II binds to AT1 receptors via various binding sites. The primary binding site is at the extracellular region of the AT1 receptor where Ang II interacts with residues in the N-terminus of the AT1 receptor and its first and third extracellular loops. The transmembrane helices also contribute to the binding via the C-terminal carboxyl group that interacts with Lys199 in the upper part of helix 5 of the receptor, see figure 1 for details.
The ionic bridge formed between Lys199 and the carboxyl terminal group of the Phe8 residue of Ang II is most likely stabilized by the Trp253 residue. In addition, Phe259 and Asp263 in transmembrane helix 6 and Lys102 and Ser105 in the outer region of transmembrane helix 3, have also been implicated in Ang II binding. This region may possibly participate in the stabilization of the receptor‘s ratification and in the formation of the intramembrane binding pocket.
Mechanism of action.
Blood pressure and fluid and electrolyte homeostasis is regulated by the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system.
Renin, an enzyme released from the kidneys, converts the inactive plasma protein angiotensinogen into angiotensin I (Ang I). Then Ang I is converted to Ang II with angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE), see figure 2. Ang II in plasma then binds to AT-receptors.
ARBs are blocking the last part of the renin-angiotensin pathway and block the pathway more specifically than ACE inhibitors.
The AT1 receptor mediates Ang II to cause increased cardiac contractility, sodium reabsorption and vasoconstriction which all lead to increased blood pressure. By blocking AT1 receptors, ARBs lead to lower blood pressure.
An insurmountable inhibition of the AT1 receptor is achieved when the maximum response of Ang II cannot be restored in the presence of the ARB, no matter how high the concentration of Ang II is.
The angiotensin receptor blockers can inhibit the receptor in a competitive surmountable, competitive insurmountable or noncompetitive fashion, depending upon the rate at which they dissociate from the receptor.
Drug discovery and development.
Development from saralasin to losartan and eprosartan.
For a simple overview of the development of ARBs, see figure 3.
Because of saralasin, the first Ang II antagonist, and the development of the first ACE inhibitor captopril, it was generally acknowledged that Ang II receptor antagonists might be promising as effective antihypertensive agents.
Saralasin was developed in the early 1970s and is an octapeptide analogue of Ang II, where the amino acids Asp1, Ile5 and Phe8 have been replaced with Ser1, Val5 and Ala8, respectively. Saralasin was not orally bioavailable, had short duration of action and showed partial agonist activity and therefore it was not suitable as a drug.
Thus the goal was to develop a smaller nonpeptide substance with similar inhibition and binding features. At this time, a group at DuPont had already started the screening of nonpeptide mimics of Ang II using existing substances from chemical libraries.
Research investigators at Takeda discovered in 1982 the weak nonpeptide Ang II antagonists S-8307 and S-8308 from a group of 1-benzylimidazole-5-acetic acid derivatives. S-8307 and S-8308 have moderate potency, short duration of action and limited oral bioavailability, however they are selective and competitive AT1 receptor antagonists without partial agonist activity. A group at DuPont postulated that both Ang II and the Takeda leads were bound at the same receptor site. These two substances served as lead compounds for further optimization of AT1 receptor blockers.
Using nuclear magnetic resonance studies on the spatial structure of Ang II, scientist at DuPont discovered that the Takeda structures had to be enlarged at a particular position to resemble more closely the much larger peptide Ang II. 
Computer modeling was used to compare S-8308 and S-8307 with Ang II and it was seen that Ang II contains two acidic residues near the NH2 terminus. These groups were not mimicked by the Takeda leads and therefore it was hypothesized that acidic functional groups would have to be added to the compounds.
The 4-carboxy-derivative EXP-6155 had a binding activity which was ten-fold greater than that of S-8308 which further strengthened this hypothesis.
By replacing the 4-carboxy-group with a 2-carboxy-benzamido-moiety the compound EXP-6803 was synthesized. It had highly increased binding affinity but was only active when administered intravenously.
Replacing the 2-carboxy-benzamido-group with a 2-carboxy-phenyl-group created the lipophilic biphenyl-containing EXP-7711, which exhibited good oral activity but slightly less affinity for the AT1 receptor. 
Then the polar carboxyl group was replaced with a more lipophilic tetrazole group in order to increase oral bioavailability and duration of action further and the compound thus formed was named losartan. This development took place in 1986 and losartan became the first successful Ang II antagonist drug, approved as such in the United States in 1995 and was marketed by Merck.
This development was an extensive program and it is approximated that the process from the Takeda structures to the final substance, losartan, took more than fifty person-years in biological testing and chemical modifications. This represents an excellent investment given that a recent study estimated that losartan administration in the European union may reduce health care provision costs by 2.5 billion euro over 3.5 years.
Using a different lead optimization from S-8308, eprosartan was developed by SmithKline Beecham in 1992. Eprosartan does not have a biphenyl-methyl structure but in order to mimic the C-terminal end of Ang II the 5-acetic acid group was replaced with an "a"-thienylacrylic acid and a 4-carboxy-moiety. Eprosartan is a selective, potent and competitive AT1 antagonist and its binding to AT1 receptors is rapid, reversible, saturable and of high affinity.
Development from losartan to other drugs.
Losartan, valsartan, candesartan, irbesartan, telmisartan and olmesartan all contain a biphenyl-methyl group.
Losartan is partly metabolized to its 5-carboxylic acid metabolite EXP 3174, which is a more potent AT1 receptor antagonist than its parent compound and has been a model for the continuing development of several other ARBs.
Valsartan, candesartan and irbesartan were all developed in 1990.
Valsartan, first marketet by Novartis, is a nonheterocyclic ARB, where the imidazole of losartan has been replaced by an acylated amino acid.
Irbesartan was developed by Sanofi Research and is longer acting than valsartan and losartan and it has an imidazolinone ring where a carbonyl group functions as a hydrogen bond acceptor instead of the hydroxymethyl group in losartan. Irbesartan is a non-competitive inhibitor.
Candesartan cilexetil (TCV 116) is a benzimidazole which was developed at Takeda and is an ester carbonate prodrug. In vivo, it is rapidly converted to the much more potent corresponding 7-carboxylic acid, candesartan. In the interaction of candesartan with AT1 receptor the carboxyl group of the benzimidazole ring plays an important role. Candesartan and its prodrug have stronger blood pressure lowering effects than EXP 3174 and losartan.
Telmisartan, which was discovered and developed in 1991 by Boehringer Ingelheim, has carboxylic acid as the biphenyl acidic group. It has the longest elimination half-life of the ARBs or about 24 hours.
Olmesartan medoxomil was developed by Sankyo in 1995 and is the newest ARB on the market, marketed in 2002. It is an ester prodrug like candesartan cilexetil. In vivo, the prodrug is completely and rapidly hydrolyzed to the active acid form, olmesartan (RNH-6270). It has a hydroxyisopropyl group connected to the imidazole ring in addition to the carboxyl group.
Pharmacophore and structure-activity relationship.
Pharmacophore
There are three functional groups that are the most important parts for the bioactivity of ARBs, see figure 1 for details.
The first one is the imidazole ring that binds to amino acids in helix 7 (Asn295). The second group is the biphenyl-methyl group that binds to amino acids in both helices 6 and 7 (Phe301, Phe300, Trp253 and His256). The third one is the tetrazole group that interacts with amino acids in helices 4 and 5 (Arg167 and Lys199). 
The tetrazole group has been successfully replaced by a carboxylic acid group as is the case with telmisartan. 
Structure-activity relationship (SAR)
Most of the ARBs have the same pharmacophore so the difference in their biochemical and physiological effects is mostly due to different substituents. Activity of a drug is dependent of its affinity for the substrate site and the length of time it binds to the site.
Lipophilic substituents like the linear alkyl group at the 2-position on the imidazole ring together with the biphenyl-methyl group, associate with hydrophobic pockets of the receptor. An acidic group like tetrazole, CO2H or NHSO2CF3 at the 1-position of the biphenyl-methyl group will bind to a basic position in the receptor and are required for potent antagonistic activity. 
In valsartan, the imidazole ring of losartan has been replaced with an acylated amino acid.
Several substituents have been tried at the 4- and 5- positions on the imidazole ring. The chloro and hydroxymethyl groups connected to these positions in losartan are probably not of much importance in receptor binding since the other ARBs do not possess these functional groups and have comparable or better binding affinities than losartan. Irbesartan has a carbonyl group at the 5-position, functioning as a hydrogen bond acceptor in place of the hydroxymethyl group of losartan, resulting in a longer binding to the receptor. 
The structure of eprosartan is the one that differs most from the other ARBs, the usual biphenyl-methyl group has been replaced by a carboxy benzyl group that mimics more closely the phenolic moiety of Tyr4 group of Ang II. This change results in a stronger binding to the receptor but the biochemical and physiological effects are not significantly improved. 
Telmisartan has a carboxylic acid at the 2-position of the biphenyl-methyl group and is more potent than the tetrazole analogue. 
It has been reported that imidazoles that have hydroxymethyl and carboxy groups at the 4- and 5 position, possessed potent antagonistic activity, caused by the hydrogen bonding and hydrophilicity of the hydroxymethyl group.
It has also been reported that an hydroxy group in the 4-position on the imidazole ring, plays an important role in the binding affinity and compensates for the disadvantage of lipophilicity of the bulky alkyl group.
These results show that a medium-sized hydroxy alkyl group, such as CHMeOH and CMe2OH, is favorable for the substituent of the 4-position on the imidazole ring. Furthermore, the ionizable group is favorable for the binding affinity.
Candesartan and olmesartan have the highest affinity for the AT1 receptors, followed by irbesartan and eprosartan. Valsartan, telmisartan and EXP 3174 have similar affinities that are about ten-fold less than that of candesartan. Losartan has the least affinity. ARBs' affinity for the AT2 receptor is generally much lower (or around 10,000 times less) then for the AT1 subtype. Therefore they allow unhindered stimulation of the AT2 receptor.
Drug comparison and pharmacokinetics.
ARBs have a large therapeutic index and therefore their (mostly low) oral bioavailability does not appear to be of clinical significance.
As can be seen in table 1, these drugs are highly plasma protein-bound and therefore oral administration once a day should provide sufficient antihypertensive effects.
Around 14% of orally ingested losartan is metabolized to its 5-carboxylic acid metabolite EXP 3174. As mentioned before, candesartan cilexetil and olmesartan medoxomil are inactive ester prodrugs that are completely hydrolyzed to their active forms by esterases during absorption from the gastrointestinal tract. These three metabolites are more potent AT1 receptor antagonists than their prodrugs. The other ARBs do not have active metabolites.
All of the ARBs, except for telmisartan and olmesartan, are metabolized in some way by the cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzyme 2C9, that is found in the human liver. CYP2C9 is for example responsible for the metabolizing of losartan to EXP 3174 and the slow metabolizing of valsartan and candesartan to their inactive metabolites. Telmisartan is, on the other hand, in part metabolized by glucuronidation and olmesartan is excreted as the unchanged drug.
Telmisartan is the only ARB that can cross the blood–brain barrier and can therefore inhibit centrally mediated effects of Ang II, contributing to even better blood pressure control.
All of the ARBs have the same mechanism of action and differences in their potency can be related to their different pharmacokinetic profiles. A few clinical head-to-head comparisons have been made and candesartan, irbesartan and telmisartan appear to be slightly more effective than losartan in lowering blood pressure. This difference may be related to different strengths of activity at the receptor level, such as duration and strength of receptor binding.
ARBs under development.
Several new nonpeptide ARBs are undergoing clinical trials or are at pre-clinical stages of development. Among these are embusartan (BAY 10-6734 or BAY 10-6734), KRH-594, fonsartan (HR 720) and pratosartan (KT3-671). Pratosartan, for example, has a novel structure: a seven-membered ring that bears an oxo moiety (C=O) fused to the imidazole ring (figure 4), and its affinity for the AT1 receptor is about 7 times higher than losartan's. The purpose of the oxo group is similar to that of the carboxylic acid groups on other ARBs.
Other attributes of ARBs are also under investigation, such as the positive effects of telmisartan on lipid and glucose metabolism and losartan's effects of lowering uric acid levels. Such effects might lead to new indications for these drugs but further research is needed.

</doc>
<doc id="20206765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206765" title="Jens Matzen">
Jens Matzen

Ingwer (Jens) Matzen (22 October 1914 in Morsum, district of Niebüll – 29 February 1980 in Flensburg) was a German Schnellboot commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
In 1955 he joined the post-war German Navy where he held the positions of the first Commander 1. Fast Patrol Boat Squadron (1956 - 1958) and Commander Fast Patrol Boat Command (1964 - 1968). Thus he contributed to rebuilding the German Schnellboot force. Finally, he served as "Inspizient der Marinewaffen" (Inspector of naval armaments) in the Marineamt. He retired as a captain.

</doc>
<doc id="20206768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206768" title="Hilde Hovdenak">
Hilde Hovdenak

Hilde Hovdenak (born 15 February 1971) is a retired Norwegian long-distance runner who specialized in the 10,000 metres.
Internationally she finished thirteenth at the 1998 European Championships. She became Norwegian champion in the half marathon in 1998, and represented the sports clubs IL Molde-Olymp and IL i BUL.

</doc>
<doc id="20206775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206775" title="Wakaf Bharu">
Wakaf Bharu

Wakaf Bharu is a small town in Tumpat district, Kelantan, Malaysia. Wakaf Bharu railway station on the East Coast Line is located here. Beside the mosque and several surau, there is also a church in Wakaf Bharu. More than 90 percent at this area are Malays and Muslims. Wakaf Bharu becomes crowded on Friday because there is a well-known market called "Friday Market" near "Pasar Besar Wakaf Bharu" or Wakaf Bharu Big Market. Two primary schools called "Sekolah Kebangsaan Wakaf Bharu" and "Sekolah Sri Wakaf Bharu" and a secondary school called "Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Wakaf Bharu" are located here.
Examples of housing estates in Wakaf Bharu area are Kawasan Perumahan SBJ (Coordinates: 6°6'44"N 102°11'47"E), Taman Sri Palas (Coordinates: 6°7'29"N 102°12'32"E) and Taman Sri Delima (Coordinates: 6°7'0"N 102°11'23"E), 16250 Wakaf Bharu Kelantan.

</doc>
<doc id="20206781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206781" title="Roccellaceae">
Roccellaceae

The Roccellaceae are a family of fungi in the order Arthoniomycetes. Most taxa are lichenized with green algae, although some are lichenicolous, growing on other lichens.
List of Genera.
"Angiactis",
"Ancistrosporella",
"Bactrospora",
"Camancha",
"Chiodecton",
"Combea",
"Cresponea",
"Darbishirella",
"Dendrographa",
"Dichosporidium",
"Diplogramma",
"Dirina",
"Dirinastrum",
"Dolichocarpus",
"Enterodictyon",
"Enterographa",
"Erythrodecton",
"Feigeana",
"Follmanniella",
"Gorgadesia",
"Graphidastra",
"Halographis" (placement uncertain),
"Haplodina",
"Hubbsia",
"Ingaderia",
"Lecanactis",
"Lecanographa",
"Mazosia",
"Minksia",
"Opegrapha" (synonymous with "Dictyographa"),
"Pentagenella",
"Peterjamesia",
"Phoebus",
"Plectocarpon",
"Pseudolecanactis" (placement uncertain),
"Reinkella",
"Rocella",
"Roccellaria",
"Roccellina",
"Roccellodea" (placement uncertain),
"Roccellographa",
"Sagenidium",
"Schismatomma",
"Schizopelte",
"Sclerophyton",
"Sigridea",
"Simonyella",
"Streimannia",
"Syncesia"

</doc>
<doc id="20206791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206791" title="Dreyfus (1930 film)">
Dreyfus (1930 film)

Dreyfus (released in the US as "The Dreyfus Case") was a 1930 film on the Dreyfus affair, based on a novel by Bruno Weil. It was translated into English as "Dreyfus".

</doc>
<doc id="20206806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206806" title="Martin Abena">
Martin Abena


</doc>
<doc id="20206832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206832" title="Richard Osei">
Richard Osei

Career.
After a successful season with SV Bergisch Gladbach 09 was in January 2008 on trial for four day with Northampton Town F.C. and would play in a friendly game for the club. He played after the failed trial with SV Bergisch Gladbach 09 the season to end and joined than to FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda who played 21 games in the 2008/2009 season, on 30 June 2009 was here released and signed later for Durham City A.F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="20206861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206861" title="I'm Gonna Be a Country Girl Again">
I'm Gonna Be a Country Girl Again

"I'm Gonna Be a Country Girl Again" was the fifth album by Cree singer/songwriter Buffy Sainte-Marie. As its title suggested, it saw her embrace Nashville country music with the help of session veterans such as the Jordanaires, Grady Martin, Roy M. Huskey, Jr. and Floyd Cramer. The album included re-recordings of "Now That the Buffalo's Gone" and "The Piney Wood Hills" from her first and second albums respectively. "Tall Trees in Georgia", in contrast to most of the material, showed Sainte-Marie performing in a style reminiscent of her earliest work.
"I'm Gonna Be a Country Girl Again" was not as well received critically or even commercially as her previous four albums, and relatively few of the songs unique to it have notable cover versions (Neko Case's cover of "Soulful Shade of Blue" may be considered an exception). The title tune, however, was to become a minor UK hit after she reached the Top Ten there with the title tune to the movie "Soldier Blue" (from her album "She Used to Wanna Be a Ballerina").
Track listing.
All songs composed by Buffy Sainte-Marie unless otherwise indicated.
Charts.
Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="20206862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206862" title="Lichinomycetes">
Lichinomycetes

Lichinomycetes are a class of ascomycete fungi. It includes the single order Lichinales. Most species are lichenized. The class was circumscribed in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20206864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206864" title="Whinhill Lock">
Whinhill Lock

Whinhill Lock was built as part of the Driffield Navigation in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It was originally opened in 1770, and was restored in 2004.
Location.
Located between the village of Wansford and town of Driffield, the lock is easily accessible from the B1249 road.
History.
The lock was built during the construction of the Driffield Navigation between 1767 and 1770, and is a grade II listed structure. After the last traffic to Driffield stopped around 1945 the lock gradually fell into disrepair. In 1968 the Driffield Navigation Amenities Association started to restore and maintain the canal and its structures. Various "working parties" have been held at the lock over the years, to conserve the structure, but in 2004 a lottery grant was secured to restore and re-gate it.
The lock was reopened by the Mayor of Driffield Mrs Margaret Killin on 25 June 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20206871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206871" title="Orbiliomycetes">
Orbiliomycetes

Orbiliomycetes are a class of fungi in the Ascomycota. It includes the single order Orbiliales, which in turn includes the single family Orbiliaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="20206886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206886" title="Rolf Landerl">
Rolf Landerl


</doc>
<doc id="20206889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206889" title="Taphrinomycetes">
Taphrinomycetes

The Taphrinomycetes are a class of ascomycete fungi belonging to the subdivision Taphrinomycotina. It includes the single order Taphrinales, which includes 2 families, 8 genera and 140 species.

</doc>
<doc id="20206909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206909" title="Jean Michel N'Lend">
Jean Michel N'Lend

Club career.
Al-Shorta.
Jean Michel N'Lend was the third foreign player to join Al Shorta in its history following the signings of fellow Cameroonian Innocent Awoa and Ivorian defender Suwaria Mohammed. He made an instant impression at Al Shorta, scoring in friendly matches against Al Naft and Naft Al Junoob. His first league goals came against Al Shorta's fierce rivals Al Quwa Al Jawiya at the Al Shaab Stadium, where N'Lend scored a hat-trick of headers to seal a 4-1 victory. This was when N'Lend became a fan favourite and wrote his name into the history books, becoming the first ever non-Iraqi to score a hat-trick in the Iraqi Premier League. He then went on to score again at the Al Shaab Stadium against Al Naft in a 2-2 draw, followed by the winning goal against Naft Al Junoob in a 2-1 win. He continued his impressive record of scoring in every game he had played at Al Shaab Stadium with the winning goal in a 2-1 win over huge rivals Al Zawraa, however that record ended five days later in a 1-1 draw with Al Talaba, a game in which he missed an open goal. He eventually left the club in May 2013 after a dip in form; Al Shorta's vice-president Adnan Jafar stated that the club had several players that were capable of filling in his position.

</doc>
<doc id="20206918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206918" title="Dreyfus (1931 film)">
Dreyfus (1931 film)

Dreyfus is a 1931 British film on the Dreyfus affair, translated from the play by Wilhelm Herzog and Hans Rehfisch and the 1930 German film "Dreyfus".

</doc>
<doc id="20206950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206950" title="My Friend Irma">
My Friend Irma

My Friend Irma may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20206968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206968" title="Esad Veledar">
Esad Veledar


</doc>
<doc id="20206973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206973" title="Louis-Alexandre de Bourbon">
Louis-Alexandre de Bourbon

Louis-Alexandre de Bourbon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20206987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206987" title="Arthur Hardy">
Arthur Hardy

Arthur Hardy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20206990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206990" title="Ernestine Lebrun">
Ernestine Lebrun

Ernestine Lebrun (born 1906, date of death unknown) was a French freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1920 she was eliminated in the first round of the 100 metre freestyle event as well as in the first round of the 300 metre freestyle competition.
Four years later at the Paris Games she was a member of the French relay team which finished fifth in the 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay competition. She also participated in the 100 metre freestyle event and in the 400 metre freestyle competition but in both she was eliminated in the first round.
In 1923 and 1925 Lebrun win the same 3 events, 100 metre freestyle, 400 metre freestyle and 1000 metre freestyle, at the French swimming championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20206994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206994" title="Nations Trust Bank">
Nations Trust Bank

Nations Trust Bank PLC is a bank in Sri Lanka.
Nations Trust Bank has over 40 branches, 9 leasing centres, 43 ATMS and 6 personal banking centres as well as a wide range of automated channels which customers can access 24/7. Nation Trust Bank is part of John Keells Holding in Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="20206998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20206998" title="Côte de Granit Rose">
Côte de Granit Rose

The Côte de granit rose or Pink Granite Coast is a stretch of coastline in the Côtes d'Armor departement of northern Brittany, France. It stretches for more than thirty kilometres from Plestin-les-Grèves to Louannec, encompassing Trégastel. 
It has become a popular tourist destination due to its unusually pink sands and rock formations. This type of pink rock can only be found in two other places in the world, Corsica and China.

</doc>
<doc id="20207001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207001" title="The Mother of All Talk Shows">
The Mother of All Talk Shows

The Mother of All Talk Shows was a British talk radio show hosted by George Galloway on talkSPORT. The program used to air each Friday and Saturday night between 10pm and 1am. 
Since its inception on 11 March 2006, The Mother Of All Talk Shows had pulled in record call numbers and the highest ever ratings for a weekend program. The show started with the theme song from 1960s cartoon Top Cat, followed by an extemporary monologue by Galloway, dealing primarily with political issues, economics, international relations, political philosophy, and other topical issues. The title refers to "The Mother of All Battles", a phrase used by Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein in reference to the 1991 Gulf War.
Galloway halted presenting the show on 27 March 2010, due to campaign commitments in the 2010 UK General Election. 
Format.
After the opening monologue, Galloway invited callers to challenge his views, with a preference for those who disagree with him and women callers. Galloway occasionally called his program ‘The Great Debate’, and is different from other talk show hosts in that he willingly and ably debated hostile callers, and encouraged those who strongly disagree with him to call ‘if you think you’re hard enough’.

</doc>
<doc id="20207005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207005" title="List of A1 genes, proteins or receptors">
List of A1 genes, proteins or receptors

This is a list of genes, proteins or receptors named A1 or Alpha-1 :

</doc>
<doc id="20207014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207014" title="Vangjeli">
Vangjeli

Vangjeli is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20207028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207028" title="Diapason d'Or">
Diapason d'Or

The Diapason d'Or is a recommendation of outstanding classical music recordings given by reviewers of "Diapason" magazine in France, broadly equivalent to "Editor's Choice", "Disc of the Month" in the British "Gramophone" magazine.
The Diapason d’Or de l’Année is a more prestigious award, decided by a jury comprising critics from "Diapason" and broadcasters from France Musique, and is comparable to the United Kingdom's (UK) Gramophone Awards, associated with the "Gramophone" magazine.
Diapason d’Or de l’Année 2011.
CD
Young Talent
Diapason reader's choice and France Musique listeners
DVD

</doc>
<doc id="20207029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207029" title="Dana Protopopescu">
Dana Protopopescu

Dana Protopopescu is a Romanian pianist settled in Belgium. 
Protopopescu serves as the Queen Elisabeth Violin Competition's accompanist (1989- ) and teaches at the Queen Elisabeth School of Music. She is also active as a chamber musician.

</doc>
<doc id="20207030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207030" title="Gilberte Mortier">
Gilberte Mortier

Gilberte Mortier (born 12 march 1907 in Paris, date of death 18 january 1991 in Vielle-Saint-Girons) was a French freestyle swimmer.
Career.
Mortier competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. In 1924, she was a member of the French relay team which finished fifth in the 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay competition. In the 400 metre freestyle event, she was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="20207047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207047" title="Oxhide ingot">
Oxhide ingot

Oxhide ingots are metal slabs, usually of copper but sometimes of tin, produced and widely distributed during the Mediterranean Late Bronze Age (LBA). Their shape resembles the hide of an ox with a protruding handle in each of the ingot’s four corners. Early thought was that each ingot was equivalent to the value of one ox. However, the similarity in shape is simply a coincidence. The ingots’ producers probably designed these protrusions to make the ingots easily transportable overland on the backs of pack animals. Complete or partial oxhide ingots have been discovered in Sardinia, Crete, Peloponnese, Cyprus, Cannatello in Sicily, Boğazköy in Turkey (ancient Hattusa, the Hittite capital), Qantir-Piramesse in Egypt, and Sozopol in Bulgaria. Archaeologists have recovered many oxhide ingots from two shipwrecks off the coast of Turkey (one off Uluburun and one in Cape Gelidonya).
Context.
The appearance of oxhide ingots in the archaeological record corresponds with the beginning of the bulk copper trade in the Mediterranean—approximately 1600 BC. The earliest oxhide ingots found come from Crete and date to the Late Minoan IB. The latest oxhide ingots were found on Sardinia and date to approximately 1000 BC. The copper trade was largely maritime: the principal sites where oxhide ingots are found are at sea, on the coast, and on islands.
Purposes.
It is uncertain whether the oxhide ingots served as a form of currency. Ingots found in excavations at Mycenae are now part of the exhibits of the Numismatic Museum of Athens. Cemal Pulak argues that the weights of the Uluburun ingots are similar enough to have allowed “a rough but quick reckoning of a given quantity of raw metal prior to weighing.” But George Bass proposes, via the Gelidonya ingots, whose weights are approximately the same if somewhat lower than the Uluburun ingot weights, that the weights were not standard and thus the ingots were not a currency. Another theory is that the oxhide shape, as well as the bun shape that some ingots took, was a visual statement that the ingot at hand is part of a legitimate trade. In Sardinia, oxhide ingot fragments have been found in hoards with bun ingots and scrap metal and, in some cases, in a metallurgical workshop. Citing this evidence, Vasiliki Kassianidou argues that the oxhide ingots “were meant to be used rather than to be kept as prestige goods.” 
Uluburun shipwreck.
In 1982, a diver discovered a shipwreck off the shore of Uluburun, Turkey. The ship contained 317 copper ingots in the normal oxhide shape, 36 with only two corner protrusions, 121 shaped like buns, and five shaped like pillows. The oxhide ingots (ingots with two or four protrusions) range in weight from 20.1 to 29.5 kg after being cleaned of their corrosion. These ingots were found stacked in four rows following a herringbone pattern. The smooth sides of the ingots faced downwards, and the lowest layer rested on brushwood. There are three whole tin oxhide ingots, and there are many tin ingots cut into quarters or halves, with their corner protrusion(s) still intact. Besides metal ingots, the cargo included ivory, metal jewelry, and Mycenaean, Cypriot, and Canaanite pottery. Tree-ring dating of firewood from the ship gives an approximate date of 1300 BC. More than 160 copper oxhide ingots, 62 bun ingots, and some of the tin oxhide ingots have incised marks typically on their rough sides. Some of these marks—resembling fish, oars, and boats—relate to the sea, and they were probably incised after casting, when the ingot was received or exported. 
Recently Yuval Goren proposed that the ten tons of copper ingots, one ton of tin ingots, and the resin stored in the Canaanite jars aboard the ship were one complete package. The recipients of the copper, tin, and resin would have used these materials for bronze casting through the lost-wax technique.
Cape Gelidonya shipwreck.
In the early 1950s, divers found the remains of a shipwreck in Cape Gelidonya, off the coast of Turkey. The remains included a substantial amount of copper oxhide ingot material: 34 in full, five in half, 12 corners, and 75 kg of random fragments. Twenty-four full copper oxhide ingots have stamps on their centers—usually of a circle containing intersecting lines. These stamps were likely made when the metal was soft. In addition, the ship contained numerous complete and incomplete copper bun-shaped ingots, rectangular tin bars, and Cypriot agricultural tools made of scrap bronze. Radiocarbon dating of brushwood from the ship gives an approximate date of 1200 BC.
Composition and microstructure.
Typically the copper oxhide ingots are highly pure (approximately 99 weight percent copper) with trace element content of less than one weight percent. The few tin oxhide ingots that have been available to study are also exceptionally pure. Microscopic analysis of the Uluburun copper oxhide ingots reveals that they are highly porous. This feature results from the effervescence of gases as the molten metal cooled. Slag inclusions are also present. Their existence implies that slag was not fully removed from the smelted metal and thus that the ingots were made from remelted copper. 
Macroscopic observation of the Uluburun copper ingots indicates that they were cast through multiple pours; there are distinct layers of metal in each ingot. Furthermore, the relatively high weight and high purity of the ingots would be difficult to achieve even today in only one pour.
The porosity of the copper ingots and the natural brittleness of tin suggest that both metal ingots were easy to break. As Bass et al. proposes, a metalsmith could simply break off a piece of the ingot whenever he liked for a new casting.
Provenance.
Controversy has swirled around the provenance of the copper oxhide ingots. Lead isotope analysis (LIA) suggests that the late LBA ingots (that is, after 1250 BC) are composed of Cypriot copper, specifically copper from the Apilki mine and its surrounding area. The Gelidonya ingots’ ratios are consistent with Cypriot ores while the Uluburun ingots fall on the periphery of the Cypriot isotopic field. On the other hand, Late Minoan I ingots found on Crete have Paleozoic lead isotope ratios and are more consistent with ore sources in Afghanistan, Iran, or Central Asia. The controversy settles on the validity of LIA. Paul Budd argues that LBA copper is the product of such extensive mixing and recycling that LIA, which works best for metals from a single ore deposit, is unfeasible. 
Some scholars worry that the 1250 BC date is too limiting. They note that Cyprus was smelting copper on a large scale in the early LBA and had the potential to export the metal to Crete and other places at this time. Furthermore, copper ore is more plentiful on Cyprus than on Sardinia and far more plentiful than on Crete. Archaeologists have discovered numerous Cypriot exports to Sardinia including metalworking tools and prestige metal objects.
Due to the heavy corrosion of tin oxhide ingots and the limited data for lead isotopic studies of tin, the provenance of the tin ingots has been uncertain. The fact that scholars have been unable to pinpoint Bronze Age tin ore deposits compounds this problem.
Oxhide ingot molds.
A mold for casting an oxhide ingot was discovered in the LBA north palace at Ras Ibn Hani in Syria. It is made of fine-grained “ramleh,” a “shelly” limestone. Archaeologists found burnt copper droplets around the mold. In spite of the questionable durability of limestone, Paul Craddock et al. concluded that limestone can be used for casting “large simple shapes” such as oxhide ingots. Evolution of carbon dioxide from the limestone would damage the metal surface that touched the mold. Thus, metal objects requiring surface detail could not be produced successfully.
This is not to say that oxhide ingots were normally cast in limestone molds. Using an experimental clay mold, Bass et al. argue that the ingot’s smooth side was in contact with the mold while its rough side was exposed to the atmosphere. The roughness results from the interaction of the atmosphere and the cooling metal.
Bronze stands.
In the Late Bronze Age, Cyprus produced numerous bronze stands that depicted a man carrying an oxhide ingot. The stands were designed to hold vases, and they were cast through the lost-wax process. The ingots show the familiar shape of four protruding handles, and the men carry them over their shoulders. These Cypriot stands were exported to Crete and Sardinia, and both islands created similar stands in local bronze workshops.
Egyptian connections.
While only one oxhide ingot fragment has been recovered from Egypt (in the context of a LBA smelting workshop), there is a wide array of painted scenes in Egypt that show oxhide ingots. The earliest scene dates to the 15th century BC and the latest scene to the 12th century BC. The ingots display their typical four protrusions, and red paint (which suggests they are copper) is preserved on them. The captions accompanying the scenes explain that the men who bring the ingots come from the north, specifically Retnu (Syria) and Keftiu (unidentified). They are shown being carried on the shoulders of men, sitting with other goods in storage, or as part of scenes in smelting workshops. In a relief from Karnak, the pharaoh Amenhotep II is seen riding a chariot and spearing an oxhide ingot with five arrows. A laudatory caption emphasizing the pharaoh’s strength accompanies the scene. 
Several of the “Amarna letters” dating to the mid-14th century BC refer to hundreds of copper talents—in addition to goods such as elephant tusks and glass ingots—sent from the kingdom of Alashiya to Egypt. Some scholars identify Cyprus with Alashiya. In particular, the Uluburun cargo is similar to the goods that, according to the letters, Alashiya sent to Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="20207052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207052" title="Girolamo Tartarotti">
Girolamo Tartarotti

Girolamo Tartarotti (1706–1761) was an Italian author.
He is notable for his "Congresso notturno delle lammie" (1749) and "Apologia del Congresso notturno delle lammie" (1751) in which he attacked belief in the existence of witches as depicted by the Church. Tartarotti rejected the idea of supernatural powers related to the popular notion of witchcraft. He argued that supernatural witchcraft is mostly superstition and its effects imaginary, but that practicers of sorcery certainly existed. He suggested that such beliefs derived from a pre-Christian cult of the goddess Diana.
Tartarotti's idea of a pre-Christian cult of Diana was popularized in the 1970s by Leo Martello, who was among the first Italian Americans to reveal a specifically Italian branch of witchcraft known as Stregheria.
Bibliography.
Published in "Raccolta d'opuscoli scientifici e filologici" edited by Angelo Calogerà:
Published posthumously:

</doc>
<doc id="20207058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207058" title="Park Sung-Bae">
Park Sung-Bae

Park Sung-Bae is a South Korean football player. 
He played for several clubs, including Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors, Gwangju Sangmu Bulsajo (army), FC Seoul, Busan I'Park and Suwon Samsung Bluewings. Also, he played for the South Korea national football team in 1999-2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20207062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207062" title="Voklo">
Voklo

Voklo (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Šenčur in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
Voklo was attested in written sources in 1238 as "Hlwe" (and as "apud Hvlwin" in 1238, "Hulven" in 1270, and "Hůlben" in 1349). The Slovene name is derived from "(v) Lókvo" (literally, 'to the watering hole'), thus referring to a local geographical feature. Phonologically, it is the result of a dialect development in which "l-" > "w-" ("lokev" >" wku", genitive "wkwe") followed by dissimilation of the genitive ("wkwe" > "wkle"), creation of the new feminine nominative "wkla", and subsequent reanalysis of the accusative "wklo" as a neuter nominative. In the local dialect, the name of the village is "Wku" (genitive "Wkləga"). In the 19th century the German name was "Hülben".
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saint Bartholomew and was built in 1862. In addition to the altar dedicated to Saint Bartholomew, which was created by Štefan Šubic (1820–1884) and his son Valentin (1859–1927), the church also has a painting of the saint by Štefan Šubic's sons Janez (1850–1889) and Jurij (1855–1890).

</doc>
<doc id="20207093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207093" title="August Zehender">
August Zehender

August Friedrich Zehender (28 April 1903 – 11 February 1945) was a Brigadeführer and General-Major in the Waffen-SS during World War II and the commander of the 22nd SS Volunteer Cavalry Division Maria Theresia who was awarded the Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
August Zehender was born at Aalen near Württemberg in a family of a railway official.
In 1918, he joined the army and attended the non-commissioned officers' school at Ellwangen. In 1920, he was posted to the 25th Schützen Regiment at Schwäbisch Gmünd. In 1935, Zehender was posted to the SS-Verfügungstruppe (his NSDAP party number was 4263133 and his SS service number 224219). He served with the III Battalion, SS-Standarte "Germania" at Ellwangen, where he was in charge of a platoon in the machine-gun company. Several years later, he became the commander of the 4th (machine-gun) Company in SS-Regiment "Deutschland". After promotion to Sturmbannführer, he was given command of a motorcycle battalion in Panzer Division Das Reich, having as his company commanders Wilhelm von Kment, Fritz Klingenberg and Christian Tychsen.
At the end of June 1941, Zehender was seriously wounded on the Eastern Front at Losza and after his recovery he was posted to the SS Cavalry Brigade.
In January 1943, Zehender's regiment took control of the village Cholomedina, fought off several counter-attacks from the enemy and made further attacks deeper into the territory held by the Soviet forces. For these actions he was promoted to Obersturmbannführer and awarded the Knights Cross on 10 March 1943.
In the spring of 1944, he was given command of the 22nd SS Volunteer Cavalry Division Maria Theresa, with which he fought at Budapest.
On 4 February 1945, Zehender was awarded the Oak Leaves to the Knight's Cross. He was killed in action 7 days later in Budapest at the age of 41.

</doc>
<doc id="20207126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207126" title="Raj Chakraborty">
Raj Chakraborty

Raj Chakraborty ( born 1975) is an Indian film director and actor based in Tollywood. A person from middle-class family background, he was born in Halisahar, West Bengal. He graduated from Rishi Bankim Chandra Colleges, Naihati. He is one of the most successful filmmakers in Tollywood. All the eight films he has directed, have received "Blockbuster" status at the box-office. He is also currently the most profitable director in Tollywood. Before directing his debut film, he was busy in Bengali TV, Zee Bangla's famous laughter show "Mirakkel" and the dance program "Dance Bangla Dance" judged by Mithun Chakraborty and hosted by Tathoi and Aritra. "Mirakkel" was hosted by Mir. Now he is busy in directing Star Jalsha's laughter program "I Laugh You", assisting mega serial-maker Arindam Dey. He went solo with the telefilm "Noder Chaand" after assisting Dey for a couple of years. He has made 18 telefilms since. Raj’s biggest small screen venture was the hit comedy show "Mirakkel" on Zee Bangla.
Biography.
Chakraborty was born 21 February 1975 in Halisahar, a small town in West Bengal. He belonged to a lower middle-class family of five. His father, Shree Krishnashankar Chakraborty, worked at RBC College in Halisahar. 
After completing his bachelor's degree in arts in RBC College, Halisahsar, Chakraborty began his career as an actor in Kolkata, the capital of West Bengal. When he found himself unable to get parts, he changed his plans and decided to become a director. He was recruited as an assistant director by director Arindam Dey in 2000. After six years of association, he directed a telefilm of his own, titled "Nawder Chaand". This was successful, and he followed it with a series of telefilms, talk shows, and non-fiction reality shows with large viewerships. 
In 2008, he released his first feature film, "Chirodini Tumi Je Amar", starring newcomers Rahul and Priyanka, with music composed by Jeet Ganguly. The film's songs proved popular, particularly among young people. The film received a mixed response from the critics, but had a long run at the theatres, becoming one of the highest grossing films of Tollywood to date. Jeet Ganguly won a Best Music award for this film.
This was the first in a series of successful features. Chakraborty then decided to go into production. He began by producing for television, and planned to shift gradually to film with his new production house, Raj Chakraborty Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="20207138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207138" title="Illuminations (Buffy Sainte-Marie album)">
Illuminations (Buffy Sainte-Marie album)

Illuminations, released in 1969, was the sixth album by Buffy Sainte-Marie. Though most of the tracks did away with the backing she had used on her previous two albums, "Illuminations" had a completely different sound from anything she had previously done. From a basis of vocals and acoustic guitar, Sainte-Marie and producer Maynard Solomon used electronic synthesisers to create a sound that was much more experimental music than folk. Indeed, "Illuminations" was the first quadrophonic vocal album ever made, and on songs like the album's only single "Better to Find Out Yourself", her voice is completely altered by a Buchla synthesiser.
Peter Schickele, however, did provide arrangements to "Mary", "Adam" and "The Angel", whilst the four tracks "Suffer the Little Children", "With You, Honey", "Guess Who I Saw in Paris" and "He's A Keeper of the Fire" were her first work to be not produced by Vanguard boss Maynard Solomon. Instead, they had a stripped-down rock sound and were produced by little known folk-jazz songwriter Mark Roth.
Reception.
On its initial release, "Illuminations" was an utter disaster commercially, failing to get anywhere near the "Billboard" Top 200 and being deleted and largely disowned by Sainte-Marie within a few years.
However, in more recent times "Illuminations" has acquired a fan base quite distinct from that associated with any of Sainte-Marie's other albums. In addition to being cited as a favourite album by a number of famous musicians - notably Steve Hackett of Genesis, a number of critics have seen its twisted, eerie soundscapes as laying the grounds for the evolution of gothic music as well as having an influence on New Weird America.
In 2000, just before Vanguard re-issued it on CD, "Wire" magazine listed "Illuminations" amongst its "100 Albums that Set the World on Fire While No-One was Listening".
Track listing.
All songs composed by Buffy Sainte-Marie unless otherwise indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="20207150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207150" title="Ionian School">
Ionian School

Ionian school or Heptanese school may refer to:
In ancient Ionia (Greek "Ιωνική Σχολή")
In modern Ionian Islands (Greek "Ιονική Σχολή" or "Επτανησιακή Σχολή")

</doc>
<doc id="20207170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207170" title="Comteq Computer and Business College">
Comteq Computer and Business College

COMTEQ Computer and Business College in Olongapo City, in the Subic Bay area is a non-stock, non-profit educational institution mainly focusing on IT studies and business-related learning that offers its services chiefly to the students from the Olongapo, Zambales and Bataan areas.
History.
This institution was founded first as an institution teaching computer literacy courses to high school students. This eliminated the need for infrastructure such as buildings and classrooms. It also accepted programming contracts from business establishments in Olongapo and Manila areas.
The school was incorporated and proceeded then to offer two-year computer courses from rented premises at National Highway, Kalaklan, Olongapo City with fewer than 100 students. The student population grew to about 150+ and the courses offered became more varied, to include four-year bachelor courses. Realizing the need for better facilities and more space, COMTEQ moved to its present location in the SBMA. COMTEQ workstation was also moved from Kalaklan to the same building in SBMA.
In late 2010, after the Subic Bay Metropolitan Authority decided to use the school lot as space for a new shopping mall, the COMTEQ College Campus moved to a new location. As of January 2011, the new COMTEQ Computer and Business College Building is located along Rizal Avenue within the Subic Bay Freeport Zone. Those buildings were once used by the University of the Philippines Extension Program in Olongapo.

</doc>
<doc id="20207181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207181" title="Bahian guitar">
Bahian guitar

The Bahian guitar () is a Brazilian solid-body string musical instrument. It has either 4 or 5 strings, normally tuned GDAE and CGDAE, respectively, and has the scale of a cavaco. Six strings versions are also found.
History.
The instrument evolved from the so-called "electric log", developed in the early 1940s by Adolfo "Dodô" Nascimento and Osmar Álvares Macêdo, in Salvador, Brazil. It was equipped with four single strings mounted across a lengthy slab of wood and the neck of a cavaco (hence the names). During the 1950s and 60s, it was used exclusively to play instrumental music during carnival celebrations in Bahia. By the mid-1970s, when it became popular among Brazilian rock and pop musicians, it adopted its current name. This instrument apparently evolved in isolation from the efforts of contemporary American developers like Les Paul or Leo Fender, and given that solid-body electric mandolins did not appear in the United States until the 1950s, the Bahian-guitar can be regarded almost as the eldest known electric mandolin, or a descend from its own distinct line of prehistoric solid body guitars. To the degree in which the Bahian-guitar counts as a mandolin (despite the differences in measure and lack of double strings - just like in the case of the Mandocaster), the "Electric Log" constitutes the eldest known solid body electric mandolin. Until its invention, North American developers had not applied the principle of solid or almost-solid bodies to mandolins to the same extend as they had to guitars. The Bahian-guitar was also the first headless solid-body electric plucked instrument, and nowadays it is usually manufactured to resemble a miniature electric guitar.
Carnival usage.
This instrument is intimately connected to the Brazilian Carnival, where it is used extensively, especially in Salvador. More importantly though, its creators must be credited with having set important accents in Brazilian popular music, by inventing an 'endemic' Brazilian version of the electric-guitar, and by supplying it with an individual musical language and style, before anything of such could be imported from abroad. In the late 1960s in Brazil during the Tropicalia movement, there was a lot of disapproval from musicians and critics towards the addition of elements from British/American pop and rock into Brazilian music — including the use of electric guitars. The occurred however, is nowadays seen in Brazil as silly protests from those years (by many of the responsible, in fact). Nevertheless, the Bahian guitar was responsible for revolutionizing the carnival in the 1950s as an essential ingredient of the "Electric trio" tradition (especially on an space-restricted environment), which since then became the single most important trademark of the Bahia/Brazilian street carnival.

</doc>
<doc id="20207184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207184" title="Bibienne Pellegry">
Bibienne Pellegry

Bibienne "Bienna" Pellegry (later "Boiteux", born 1899, date of death unknown) was a French freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
She was the sister of Salvator Pellegry and the mother of Jean Boiteux.
In 1924 she was a member of the French relay team which finished fifth in the 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay competition.
Four years later she finished again fifth with the French relay team in the 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay event at the Amsterdam Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20207187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207187" title="James William Maddin">
James William Maddin

James William Maddin (September 8, 1874 – September 29, 1961) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Cape Breton South in the Canadian House of Commons from 1908 to 1911 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
He was born in Westville, Nova Scotia, the son of William Maddin and Agnes Goode. Maddin was educated at Pictou Academy and Dalhousie University. In 1897, he married Maude MacDonald. He was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1911. Maddin served overseas during World War I, reaching the rank of major. After the war, Maddin practiced law in Springhill and Sydney. He died in Sydney at the age of 87.

</doc>
<doc id="20207189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207189" title="Wentworth railway station">
Wentworth railway station

Wentworth railway station was a railway station on the Sheffield to Barnsley route of the Midland Railway. The station has been known as Wentworth and Tankersley and Wentworth and Hoyland Common during its life.
History.
The station was situated at the north end of Tankersley Tunnel adjacent to the road bridge. Built on an embankment the platforms and the station building were high above the road with the station masters house, which still stands at road level.
The station is some considerable distance from Wentworth, Hoyland Common and Tankersley, its most regular passengers were the miners of Skiers Spring Colliery on the other side of the road bridge coming on and off shift. 
The station closed on 2 November 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="20207196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207196" title="Dedicated Freight Corridor Corporation of India">
Dedicated Freight Corridor Corporation of India

The Dedicated Freight Corridor Corporation of India Limited (DFCCIL) is a corporation run by the Government of India to undertake planning & development, mobilisation of financial resources and construction, maintenance and operation of the Dedicated Freight Corridors. DFCC has been registered as a company under the Companies Act 1956 on 30 October 2006.
Introduction.
Under the Eleventh Five Year Plan of India(2007–2012), Ministry of Railways is constructing a new Dedicated Freight Corridor (DFC) covering about 2700 route km long two routes - the Eastern Corridor from Ludhiana to Dankuni and the Western Corridor from Jawahar Lal Nehru Port, at Nhava Sheva in Navi Mumbai to Tughlakabad, Delhi/Dadri along with interlinking of two corridors at Khurja. Upgrading of transportation technology, increase in productivity and reduction in unit transportation cost are the focus areas for the project.
DFCCIL has been designated by Government of India as a `special purpose vehicle`, and has been created to undertake planning & development, mobilization of financial resources and construction, maintenance and operation of the Dedicated Freight Corridors. DFCCIL has been registered as a company under the Companies Act 1956 on 30 October 2006.
Need for Dedicated Freight Corridor Project.
Economic liberalization of 1991 followed by Information Technology industry explosion have taken India to a new growth scenario. Backed by strong fundamentals and commendable growth in the past three to four years, the resplendent Indian Economy is poised to grow even further at an average of 8 to 10% in the next 3 years. Transport requirement in the country, being primarily a derived demand, is slated to increase with elasticity of 1.25 with GDP growth by 10 to 12% in the medium and long term range. Riding on the waves of economic success, Indian Railways has witnessed a dramatic turn around and unprecedented financial turnover in the last two and a half years. This has been made possible by higher freight volumes without substantial investment in infrastructure, increased axle load, reduction of turn-round time of rolling stock, reduced unit cost of transportation, rationalization of tariffs resulting in improvement in market share and improved operational margins. Over the last 2 to 3 years, the railway freight traffic has grown by 8 to 11%, which is projected to cross 1100 million tonnes by the end of 11th Five Year Plan.
The Indian Railways’ quadrilateral linking the four metropolitan cities of Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Kolkata, commonly known as the Golden Quadrilateral; and its two diagonals (North-South (Delhi - Chennai) and East-West (Howrah - Mumbai)), adding up to a total route length of 10,122 km carries more than 55% of revenue earning freight traffic of Indian Railways. The existing trunk routes of Howrah-Delhi on the Eastern Corridor and Mumbai-Delhi on the Western Corridor are highly saturated, line capacity utilization varying between 115% to 150%.The surging power needs requiring heavy coal movement, booming infrastructure construction and growing international trade has led to the conception of the Dedicated Freight Corridors along the Eastern and Western Routes.
Dedicated Freight corridors will have higher axle load of 32.5-tons/axle (currently 40-tons/axle loads is the upper load limit for railways due to rail metallurgy limitations) and speed of freight transport at 200 km/h, but recent reports putting it at 100 km/h.
Road-rail synergy system : Roll On - Roll Off service on DFC may transform the way India ships perishable goods and will result a major savings in India's foreign exchequer. India has a major advantage in opting for broad gauge as large trucks can travel on the train tracks without using diesel, at 200 km/h. Trains are run on the electricity, which can be generated from the renewable energy sources. But the design of the route along with tunnels and bridges to accommodate height of trucks will be instrumental in such operations. Konkan Railway, a subsidiary of Indian Railway, which introduced many innovations in the railway sector of India is only railway in India running this service in India as of now, helping India to decrease dependence on external countries for fuel.
DFC may become strategical importance for India as it will help in transferring the military equipment such as heavier tanks to the border in much faster way. But design of the overhead electrical lines as well as weight capacity of bridges and tunnels will play role in this.
Carbon emission reduction may help DFCCIL to claim carbon credits.
Historical Perspective.
Accordingly, the seeds for the project were sown as early as in April, 2005, wherein, Honourable Prime Ministers of India and Japan made a joint declaration for feasibility and possible funding of the dedicated rail freight corridors. Honourable Minister for Railways, almost at the same time, announced in the Parliament the need and planning for the project. Immediately thereafter, RITES was entrusted with the feasibility study of both eastern and western corridors. In May 2005, Committee on Infrastructure (COI) constituted a Task Force, chaired by Shri Anwarul Huda, Member Planning Commission to prepare a concept paper on Delhi-Mumbai (Western) and Delhi-Howrah (Eastern) dedicated freight corridor projects, and to suggest a new organizational structure for planning, financing, construction and operation of these corridors. RITES, in January 2006, submitted the Feasibility Study Report of both the corridors to Ministry of Railways. Almost simultaneously, the Cabinet approved the report of the Task Force of the COI, which directed that a SPV should be set up to construct and operate the DFC. Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) gave "in principle" approval to the Feasibility Study report asking the MOR to go ahead with Preliminary Engineering cum Traffic Survey (PETS) for the two corridors, firm up the cost of the project and work out the financing options. In consonance with the recommendation of the Task Force of COI, a SPV, named "Dedicated Freight Corridor Corporation of India Limited" (DFCCIL) was incorporated under Companies Act in October 2006. Subsequently, RITES submitted the PETS Report based on which the project was approved at a cost of Rs.281.81 billion.

</doc>
<doc id="20207197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207197" title="Peter S. Kim">
Peter S. Kim

Peter S. Kim, Ph.D., was president of Merck Research Laboratories (MRL), 2003-2013 and is currently a Professor of Biochemistry at Stanford University. 
Early Life and Education.
Kim grew up in Ridgewood, New Jersey, the son of a single mother, and his first job was in 1974 at a Roy Rogers restaurant, where he earned money to pay for college. Kim earned his A.B. in chemistry at Cornell University in 1979 and trained as a Ph.D. in Biochemistry at Stanford University under the guidance of Robert Baldwin. While at Stanford, he was also a Medical Scientist Training Program Fellow. 
Research Career.
Later, Kim was a Whitehead Fellow at the Whitehead Institute before joining Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) as a Professor of Biology and as a Member of the Whitehead Institute and an Investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. 
Kim has a special interest in HIV / AIDS research and designed compounds that stop membrane fusion by the AIDS virus, thereby preventing it from infecting cells, and has pioneered efforts to develop an HIV vaccine based on similar principles. Kim also served as a member of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Advisory Committee to develop an AIDS vaccine.
Kim joined the Company in 2001 as executive vice president, Research and Development. He was promoted to president in January 2003. In this role Kim oversaw all of Merck's drug and vaccine research and development activities. 
During his tenure, Merck gained approval of more than 20 new medicines and vaccines. These include Januvia (the first DPP-4 inhibitor for type 2 diabetes), Gardasil (the first vaccine for prevention of cervical cancer), Isentress (the first HIV integrase inhibitor), Zostavax (the first vaccine for the prevention of shingles in adults), Rotateq (an oral vaccine for the prevention of rotavirus infection in infants), and Victrelis (the first hepatitis C protease inhibitor). In 2013, he retired from Merck and was succeeded by Roger Perlmutter 
His research and work in improving human health has earned Kim numerous awards and other recognition. He is a member of the National Academy of Science, the Institute of Medicine, and a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, and the Biophysical Society. 

</doc>
<doc id="20207214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207214" title="Mariette Protin">
Mariette Protin

Mariette Protin (born 1906, date of death unknown) was a French freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 she was a member of the French relay team which finished fifth in the 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay competition. She also participated in the 100 metre freestyle event and in the 400 metre freestyle competition but in both she was eliminated in the semi-finals.

</doc>
<doc id="20207215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207215" title="Žerjavka">
Žerjavka

Žerjavka () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Šenčur in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It lies north of Lake Trboje, the reservoir of the Mavčiče Hydroelectric Plant on the Sava River.
Name.
Žerjavka was attested in 1324 as "Chranchsfur" (and as "Chranichsfurt" in 1420, and "Seryawicz" and "Saryaw" in 1436). The name is based on the Slovene common noun "žerjav" 'crane', referring to the local fauna, and is additionally confirmed by the Middle High German attestations, which contain the root "kranech" 'crane'.

</doc>
<doc id="20207226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207226" title="List of operas by Siegfried Wagner">
List of operas by Siegfried Wagner

This is a complete list of the operas of the German composer Siegfried Wagner (1869–1930), the son of Richard Wagner (1813–1883).
All the opera libretti were by the composer.

</doc>
<doc id="20207249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207249" title="Salt and pepper (disambiguation)">
Salt and pepper (disambiguation)

Salt and pepper are a commonly paired set of condiments for European style cuisine.
Salt and pepper may also refer to:
In entertainment:
In food:
In science:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="20207251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207251" title="Container Corporation of India">
Container Corporation of India

Container Corporation of India Ltd. (Concor) is a Category I Miniratna Public sector undertaking under the Indian Ministry of Railways. Incorporated in March 1988 under the Companies Act, Concor commenced operations in November 1989 taking over an existing network of seven inland container depots (ICDs) from Indian Railways. It now has a network of 61 ICDs/CFSs (Container Freight Stations) throughout India.
History.
Indian Railway's strategic initiative to containerize cargo transport put India on the intermodal freight transport map for the first time in 1966. Given India's size (almost from North to South and East to West), rail transport is often a cheaper option for all cargo over medium and long distances, especially if the cost of inter-modal transfers can be reduced. Seeing that containerized multi-modal door-to-door transport provided a solution to this problem, in 1966 Indian Railways entered the market for moving door-to-door domestic cargo in special DSO containers.
Although the first ISO container in India had been handled in Kochi as early as 1973, it was not until 1981 that the first ISO container was moved inland by Indian Railways to the country's first ICD at Bangalore, also managed by the Indian Railways.
Expansion of the network to seven ICDs by 1988 saw an increase in container handling capacity, while along the way a strong view emerged that there was a need to set up a separate pro-active organization to promote and manage the growth of containerization in India.
Core Business.
Concor operated three core businesses: cargo carrier; terminal operator, and warehouse operator.

</doc>
<doc id="20207261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207261" title="STAR Jalsha">
STAR Jalsha

Star Jalsha (), is a Bengali General Entertainment channel by STAR TV and Fox International Channels networks.The channel, launched on September 8, 2008 offers an array of programs in different genres with its brand philosophy being "Cholo Paltai" (Lets change).
More About The Channel.
The channel was launched with its tagline "Cholo Paltai" (Lets Change) and it telecasted shows with fresh storylines, talented actors and soulful music. A music video ("Cholo Paltai... aaj jalsha shuru notun bangalir") composed by Pritam was used to launch the channel which was a first for any Bengali channel. The initial line up of shows during the inaugural month were a mix of soap operas, romantic shows, chat shows, mythological shows, suspense thrillers and latest Tollywood movies. The channel was launched with grandeur. Veteran actor Victor Banerjee made his Bengali television debut with the serial Bandhan. Leading Bengali film production company Shree Venkatesh Films, for the first time, produced shows for the channel. Star Jalsha had the privilege of having National Award Winning film director Rituparno Ghosh to host a celebrity chat show called Ghosh and Company. The channel since its launch has produced some of the best television serials which gave a new meaning to Bengali entertainment.Some of its most popular shows include the romantic drama "Ekhane Aakash Neel", mythological drama "Durga", family drama "Ogo Bodhu Sundori" and "Bou Kotha Kou", musical "Gaaner Opare" which was made to commemorate the 150 birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore among others.
Shows.
The list of shows currently running on Star Jalsha are:-
Movies.
The channel telecasts latest Bengali movies every Sunday. It has premiered some of the biggest and the best movies from Tollywood like "Royal Bengal Rohosyo", "Iti Mrinalini", "Rang Milanti", "Baishe Srabon" among others. The latest movies are shown under the World TV Premiere property of the channel. The channel recently premiered the Hindi superhit movie, "Kahaani", a first for any Bengali channel. Recent Movie Television Premieres include the superhit "100% Love" and "Le Halua Le".
Jalsha Movies.
Inspired by the success of Star Jalsha, Star network launched a 24-hour movie channel in December, 2012. The first film to be telecast in this channel was "Awara". Dev became the brand ambassador of this channel.
Programs formerly broadcast by Star Jalsha.
Some of the programs formerly broadcast by the channel were:-

</doc>
<doc id="20207265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207265" title="Gaiety Theatre, Manchester">
Gaiety Theatre, Manchester

The Gaiety Theatre, Manchester was a theatre in Manchester, England. It was opened in 1884 and demolished in 1959. It replaced a previous Gaiety Theatre on the site which had been destroyed by fire. The old Gaiety Theatre, under the management of John Hollingshead in 1878, was the world's first theatre to use electric lights for the stage.
The new theatre was designed by Alfred Darbyshire for United Theatres Co. Ltd. and built on a plot of land near to the corner of Peter Street and Mount Street. It opened as the Comedy Theatre in 1884. On 9 November 1908 it was bought by Annie Horniman for £25,000 and reconstructed to plans by Frank Matcham, reducing its capacity from 2,500 to 1,300. The theatre reopened as the Gaiety Theatre in 1912. It was Britain's first regional repertory theatre. In 1920 the theatre was taken over by Samuel Fitton & Associates but closed in 1922. It was in use again between 1945 and 1947 but was demolished in 1959.
During the time the theatre was being run by Annie Horniman, a wide variety of types of plays was produced. Anne Horniman also encouraged local writers, who became known as the Manchester School of playwrights. They included Harold Brighouse, writer of "Hobson's Choice", and Stanley Houghton, who wrote "Hindle Wakes". Actors who performed at the Gaiety early in their careers include Sybil Thorndike and Basil Dean.
In 2008 Annie Horniman's centenary was celebrated by a performance of Houghton's play "Independent Means", which had been recently "rediscovered" in the British Library by Chris Honer, the theatre's artistic director.

</doc>
<doc id="20207271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207271" title="1990 ATP Tour World Championships – Singles">
1990 ATP Tour World Championships – Singles

Stefan Edberg was the defending champion of the singles title at the ATP Tour World Championships men's tennis tournament, but Andre Agassi defeated him 5–7, 7–6(7–5), 7–5, 6–2 in the final.
Draw.
Arthur Ashe Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Cliff Drysdale Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="20207287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207287" title="Central Organisation for Modernisation of Workshops">
Central Organisation for Modernisation of Workshops

The Central Organisation For Modernisation of Workshops (COFMOW) is a public sector undertaking in India, created in 1979 to modernise the workshops of Indian Railways. It was established through funding from the World Bank and is located in New Delhi, the national capital.
History.
At the time of integration of the Indian Railway system in 1952, there were 41 repair workshops dealing with periodic overhaul of coaches, wagons and locomotives. Day-to-day repairs were handled in over 300 repair depots and sick lines.
The last quarter century of planned development of Indian Railways has witnessed extensive changes in the mode of traction as well as development of new types of coaches and wagons. Diesel and electric locomotives have gradually replaced steam locomotives. The number of passenger coaches in service has almost doubled. The wagon stock holding is roughly 2.5 times that in 1951. Financial limitations, however, did not permit development of maintenance facilities compatible with the growth of rolling stock. Only 5 new workshops have been set up since 1952. The increased demand for maintenance was largely catered by piece-meal expansion of the existing facilities. Expenditure on workshops in this period was less than 2.5% of the total plan outlay on the railways. Nevertheless, to meet the requirement of new rolling stock, three new production workshops were set up.
The problems encountered in manufacture and maintenance of the rolling stock is largely due to obsolescence of machinery and plant, diverse product mix and layout deficiencies. The situation in respect of machinery and plant is a source of major concern. The proportion of overage machines in 1979 had increased to 77% from 47% in 1952. Due to paucity of available maintenance funds, an agreement was negotiated with the International Development Association of the World Bank for providing a credit of $95m for the first phase of workshop modernisation programme expected to be completed by March 1983. Second and third phases of another 7 years envisage an estimated expenditure of Rs.400 crores inclusive of IDA Credits.
The unprecedented magnitude of this effort prompted the Indian Railways to set up a specialist organisation wholly devoted to the furtherance of this task. Thus the Central Organisation for Modernisation of Workshops (COFMOW) came into existence in 1978 to implement the modernisation programme
Cofmow is now the designated organisation of Indian Railways for selection, procurement and induction of modern workshop technologies and M&P.

</doc>
<doc id="20207290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207290" title="Richard Condon (impresario)">
Richard Condon (impresario)

Richard Condon (born 1937 in Belfast– died 1991 in County Mayo), was an impresario and theatre manager. 
Condon, affectionately known as "Dick" was made theatre manager of the Theatre Royal, Norwich in 1972. During his tenure, the genial Irishman transformed the theatre into one of the most popular in Europe. On leaving the theatre after a funding dispute, he formed a partnership with the Pavilion Theatre, Cromer Pier and helped to produce the ever popular "Seaside Special". In 1987, he was appointed general manager of the revived D'Oyly Carte Opera Company, helping to restart the company in 1988.
After his death the Eastern Daily Press wrote that he was among the "best known and assuredly best loved figures in Norfolk" 

</doc>
<doc id="20207293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207293" title="Xuanwumen">
Xuanwumen

Xuanwumen or Xuanwu Gate may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20207303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207303" title="Golden Rock Railway Workshop">
Golden Rock Railway Workshop

The Golden Rock Railway Workshop, (officially Central Workshop, Golden Rock) is situated in Ponmalai (Golden Rock), Tiruchirapalli in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu, is one of the three mechanical railway workshops serving the southern zone of the Indian Railways.
This repair workshop is basically a "Mechanical Workshop" which comes under the control of the Mechanical Department of the Indian Railways. The other two mechanical workshops of Southern Railway are located in Perambur, Chennai. They are "Carriage Works, Perambur" and "Loco Works, Perambur".
History.
This central workshop was set up in 1897 by South Indian Railways at Nagapattinam mainly to cater to the requirement of steam locomotive maintenance. South Indian Railways decided to shift the workshop to Trichinopoly, presently known as Tiruchchirappalli, owing to its locational advantage. Consequently foundation stone was laid by Mrs. R.P. MUNRO on 20.10.1926. It was shifted to Tiruchchirappalli in 1928 because of its strategic location. The Central Workshop, Golden Rock is functioning at Tiruchchirappalli since then.
The total area of this workshop is around , out of which is covered under roof. At present 6,091 employees are working in this workshop. This workshop is primarily engaged in the activities of DSL Loco POH, heritage steam locomotive POH, coaching stock maintenance and wagon manufacturing and other sundry activities.
This workshop does have a long traverser way around 600 metres long and wide. This workshop was involved in repairing of Royal Air Force's air planes during World War II.
This workshop when built had state-of-the-art facilities rarely seen in those days. It had its own powerhouse which generated electricity for the workshop and the colony. In fact, Railway colony, Golden Rock was one of the first places to be lit by electrical lights in Tiruchirappalli city those days.
Core business activities.
Diesel locomotive maintenance.
Diesel Electric Loco periodical overhauling (POH) started in Goldenrock Shop in the Year 1969, to cater to the requirements of SR and SCR. It started with a capacity of 0.5 Loco/Month. The capacity was stepped up to 10 locos per month from July 1990 onwards to meet the needs of 5 Railways i.e. Southern Railway, South Central Railway, South Western Railway, West Central Railway and North Western Railway. Presently, Shop is capable of overhauling 12 locomotives per month.
In addition to the Locomotives overhauling, Diesel Shop is attached with the following Support shops.
a
Carriage maintenance.
GOC Shop is undertaking the following major activities in carriage maintenance.
Apart from normal overhauling, GOC Shop had established its expertise in the following areas:
1. Conversion / construction of coaches for Nilgiri Mountain Railways.
2. Export of old MG coaches to other nations after Maintenance & Re-Modeling by RITES Limited.
Production wing.
Production wing of GOC focuses its attention mainly on manufacturing of components required for maintenance of locomotives and carriages and wagon manufacturing. It also take care of the requirement of various divisions by supplying wheels for rolling stock maintenance. Besides, Production wing has taken up the manufacturing of steam locomotives required for Nilgiri Mountain Railways and Darjeeling Himalayan Railways.
Production wing comprises the following shops:
Foundry Shop, DSL Component Shop, Machine Shop, Wheel Shop, Fabrication & Smithy Shop, Erecting Shop, Tool Room & Mechanical Mill Wright shop
Support activities.
Besides core business activities, GOC shop is equipped with the following support activities.
Material management.
Goldenrock Workshop is attached with 3 Stores Depots to stock and issue the materials, whenever it is needed for production.
Besides Stocking depot it is having a scrap store depot to dispose the scrap arising out of production and maintenance activity.
Stores depot takes all out efforts to ensure the availability of material always. The availability is used to be in the range of 95 to 98%. Besides of stocking and issuing of material, stores depot is always keen on system improvement. The following system improvements have been achieved in the recent past.
Electrical plant maintenance.
There is a dedicated team to maintain the electrical equipments and machineries available in GOC Shop. The main objectives of the Plant Maintenance Team is to reduce the down time of the machineries available in the shop.
Apart from maintaining the Electrical machineries, the team is also looking after electrical power distribution system and conservation measures, with close monitoring of electrical energy utilization, the shop had reduced the electrical energy from 81.12 Lakhs unit in 2007–08 to 75.58 Lakhs in the year 2008–09. it had resulted in a financial savings of Rs.29.04 Lakhs in 2008–09.
Mechanical plant maintenance
Mechanical Plant maintenance is also termed as Mechanical Millwright. The Mechanical Millwright Shop takes care of the upkeeping of machineries and equipments. In addition to break down attention, it also pays preventive attention to critical machineries like Overhead Cranes, Material Handling Equipments and other special purpose machines.
Presently, around 1,241 pieces of machinery are installed in the GOC Shop and are regularly maintained by the plant maintenance team.
Recent Orders.
See 
Safety cell.
Safety Department at GOC Shop is functioning for the last 30 years for the goal of reducing accidents, injuries and hardship of the labours by improving the work methods and their knowledge in creating awareness in safe working methods. This approach was focused through systemic training, mock drills, shop floor counseling, data updating and scientific elimination of work related hazards, through display of posters, issue of safety magazines incorporating various safety procedures and catching an emotional rapport with audience through tailor made safety modules.
The Safety Department has bagged three State-level Awards from Government of Tamil Nadu in three different fields for the year 2005.
Basic training centre.
Shop is attached with a training centre mainly to cater to the requirement of Act Apprentice courses under Apprenticeship act 1961. This is a statutory in nature. The duration of the training varies from one year to four years depending on the entry level qualification and trade in which the apprentice is to be trained.
Apart from act apprenticeship the Training Centre also takes care of the need based training for the Artisans, Special supervisory skill training for supervisors.
Computer centre.
GOC Shop is equipped with a full-fledged information system required at management, operational level. It has developed the following packages.
Welfare activities.
Premature death assistance scheme.
All the employees of GOC Shops (including Stores Department) are in the roll of PDA Scheme and a nominal amount of Rs.5/- from each employee is deducted from their salary towards this scheme. As a social security measure the family members of the deceased employee is given an assistance of Rs.10,000/- under this scheme. The employees who are in the roll of PDAS and retiring from service are presented with a Sonata Wrist Watch and an Executive Bag as a memento for safe keeping of Settlement and service related records.
Creche.
A Crèche is provided near the entrance of the Armoury Gate to take care of the infants / children of the women employees of this workshop and it is run by administration.
Workmen’s canteen.
A modernized canteen with a provision of gas cooking is successfully functioning to cater to the requirements of the employees of GOC Shop. Food is cooked by steam in a very hygienic manner with good quality which has widely been appreciated by the employees. Refreshments such as snacks / special tea / coffee etc., are arranged and supplied to the employees in their work spot itself. The Canteen contains two dining halls with a capacity to accommodate 160 employees at a time for lunch. The dining halls are very neat and tidy and cleanliness is given top priority here. Around 350 meals are served daily. Nine booths have been set up from which tea and snacks are sold.
Homeopathy clinic.
A homeopathy clinic in Railway Colony is functioning to cater to the requirements of the Railway employees and their family members. The clinic is looked after by a Homeopathy Doctor who is paid from Staff Benefit Fund. Entire expenditure of this clinic is met from SBF.
Rail Kalyana Mandapam.
Rail Kalyana Mandapam in GOC colony is catering to the requirements of the shop employees adequately. Necessary modification have been effected by providing false roofing and ceramic tiled floor for better utility and aesthetics. It is managed by a committee of representatives of the administration and recognized unions.
Education for wards of Railway Employees.
To cater the educational needs of the children of the railway employees working in and around the Goldenrock, schools were established during pre-independence itself. In GOC Railway colony, once there were four railway schools and two Kindergartens were functioning. Now due to desertation of residential quarters only one school is functioning.
Railway Colony, Golden Rock.
GOC Workshop has 3072 quarters. The entire colony is classified as 'A', ‘B’, ‘C’, ‘D’, ‘F’, ‘H’, ‘J’ & ‘G’ Type and Special Bungalow. Allotments are made as under:
A housing committee consisting of WPO & APO and members from the recognized unions and one member from the SC/ST Association monitors housing activities. This committee does the allotment of quarters to the eligible employees. Allotment of quarters on out-of-turn basis is not encouraged by the committee.
A colony committee of representatives of the administration and recognized unions is functioning. The Colony Committee meets periodically to review the requirement/ improvement in the colony. On the Official side it is represented by CWM, WPO, APO, ADEN.
Place of Worship.
The colony area has temples like Sri Mariyamman Kovil, Sri Kamatchiyamman Kovil and Om Sakthi Kovil. Churches include St.Joseph Church, St.Peters Church and a CSI Church. Close to the railway colony, there is also a Mosque.

</doc>
<doc id="20207316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207316" title="Rail Spring Karkhana">
Rail Spring Karkhana

The Rail Spring Karkhana, located near Sithouli Railway Station around 12.8 km way from Gwalior Railway Station Gwalior in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh. It is a major railway workshop for Indian Railways which manufacture Hot Coil Springs of different types for diverse Rolling Stocks.

</doc>
<doc id="20207318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207318" title="Ballabeg (ME) railway station">
Ballabeg (ME) railway station

Ballabeg Station is a rural intermediate request stop on the coastal route of the Manx Electric Railway on the Isle of Man.
Location.
The station can be found between Onchan and Laxey on the island's eastern coast. It serves the small hamlet of Ballabeg; it is on the main coast road between Douglas and Ramsey.
Facilities.
In 1905 a small hut (the "station house") was built here in typical style from corrugated iron with a pitched roof, and painted in standard green livery. After some years of neglect this was restored by local resident from 2005-2008 making the halt one of the most attractive on the line. It largely serves local traffic, being on the outskirts of the residential area of the village.
Namesake.
This article refers to the Manx Electric Railway station, not to be confused with the Isle of Man Railway station in the south of the island; see Ballabeg Railway Station for details of this stopping place.
Also.
Manx Electric Railway Stations

</doc>
<doc id="20207333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207333" title="Tegeticula yuccasella">
Tegeticula yuccasella

The Yucca Moth "(Tegeticula yuccasella)" is a moth of the family Prodoxidae. The species can be found in North America from Texas to southern Canada.
The wingspan is 18-27 mm. The forewings are wide and blunt, usually white but occasionally with more or less tan. The hindwings are medium to light brownish grey.
The larvae feed on "Yucca filamentosa", "Yucca smalliana", "Yucca flaccida", "Yucca glauca", "Yucca arkansana", "Yucca constricta", "Yucca rupicola", "Yucca pallida", "Yucca reverchoni" and "Yucca aloifolia". They feed on developing seeds. Pupation takes place in a cocoon in the soil.

</doc>
<doc id="20207353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207353" title="Type-90">
Type-90

The Type-90 (also called MZD-2) is a submunition made by the China North Industries Corporation (NORINCO). It was used by the Hezbollah against Israel in the 2006 Lebanon War, in the Type-81 122mm rocket. Each Type-90 resembles a small cylindrical bell with a ribbon at one end. A plastic band full of 3mm steel spheres wraps horizontally around the middle of the cylinder. Inside is an armor-piercing shaped charge.

</doc>
<doc id="20207373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207373" title="Hungarian occupation of Vidin">
Hungarian occupation of Vidin

The Hungarian occupation of Vidin was a period in the history of the city and region of Vidin, today in northwestern Bulgaria, when it was under the rule of the Kingdom of Hungary from 1365 to 1369.
Before 1359–1360, the former heir to the Bulgarian crown Ivan Sratsimir had established himself as the ruler of the Vidin appanage of the Second Bulgarian Empire and had turned it into a largely independent entity. In early 1365 Louis I of Hungary, who like his predecessors styled himself "king of Bulgaria" ("rex Bulgariae") among other titles, demanded that Ivan Sratsimir acknowledge his suzerainty and become his vassal. After Sratsimir's refusal, the Hungarian king undertook a campaign to conquer the Tsardom of Vidin. On 1 May 1365, he set off from Hungary; he reached Vidin on 30 May and captured the city on 2 June, after a brief siege.
The Hungarians took Ivan Sratsimir and his family captive and imprisoned them in the Humnik fortress (at Bosiljevo in today's Croatia). Shortly afterwards, the Hungarians seized the entire land of the Tsardom of Vidin (known as "Bodony" in Hungarian) and turned it into a province of the Kingdom of Hungary governed by a ban. Initially, the area was governed by Peter Himfi, the ban of Bratislava ("Pozsony"), and then by Dionysus Laczkfi, styled "voivode of Transylvania, governor of Vidin and ruler of the counties of Temes and Szolnok".
After establishing their administrative rule, the Hungarians proceeded to convert the local Bulgarian Orthodox population to Roman Catholicism with the assistance of Franciscan monks. Despite its short duration, this was one of the earliest Hungarian missionary dioceses. According to Hungarian data, the Franciscans converted 200,000 people or a third of the region's population; although the figure is considered grossly overestimated and unrealistic, among the converted were certainly Ivan Sratsimir and his royal family. That religious intolerance was reflected in the negative popular attitude towards the Hungarian overlordship, attested in a marginal note in an Orthodox religious book from the period: "This book was written by the sinful and unintelligent Dragan together with his brother Rayko "in the days when the Hungarians ruled Vidin and it was great pain for the people at that time"."
Ivan Sratsimir's father, Tsar Ivan Alexander, ruler of Bulgaria at Tarnovo, could do nothing to stop the Hungarian invasion and his son's capture. Several years later, however, he took advantage of Byzantine Emperor John V Palaiologos' detention at Vidin and Count of Savoy Amadeus VI's campaign on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast to organize an Orthodox coalition and salvage Vidin. For joining the alliance, Ivan Alexander offered the Byzantine emperor the Black Sea ports south of Nesebar ("Messembria"); in return, however, John V had to pay 180,000 florins to Vladislav I Vlaicu, voivode of Wallachia. The Vlach voivode would, in return, seize Vidin and cede it to Ivan Alexander.
In 1369, the Hungarian occupation of Vidin was brought to an end. Although the initial campaign was not entirely successful because the Hungarians seized the city back, the ensuing negotiations between the Kingdom of Hungary and Ivan Alexander's allies, Vladislav I Vlaicu and Dobrotitsa, the despot of the semi-independent Dobrujan Principality of Karvuna, led to the return of the city to Bulgarian possession. It is thought that Ivan Sratsimir was reinstalled as the region's ruler in the autumn of 1369.

</doc>
<doc id="20207383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207383" title="Nemapogon cloacella">
Nemapogon cloacella

__NOTOC__
The Cork Moth (Nemapogon cloacella) is a species of tineoid moth. It belongs to the fungus moth family (Tineidae), and therein to the subfamily Nemapogoninae. Its junior synonym "N. infimella" was established by G.H. Heydenreich in the 1851 volume of his "Lepidopterorum Europaeorum Catalogus Methodicus", but many sources still attribute it to G.A.W. Herrich-Schäffer, who supposedly narrowly beat Heidenreich in (re)describing the species. But as it seems, Herrich-Schäffer was merely one of the first to use the name proposed by Heydenreich, as the volume of his "Systematische Bearbeitung der Schmetterlinge von Europa" where he discussed the Cork Moth was not published until 1853 or 1854. That all nonwithstanding, the species had been already validly described by A.H. Haworth in the 1828 volume of "Lepidoptera Britannica".
Ecology and description.
"N. cloacella" is a widespread species, found all across western Eurasia. It is reportedly absent from France, but given that it occurs in all surrounding countries, this is unlikely to be correct. Its preferred habitat is woodland with a large amount of dead trees. The crepuscular adults are on the wing throughout the summer and are typically encountered at dusk but sometimes can be seen earlier in the day.
This small moth has a wingspan of 10–18 mm. The forewings are irregularly mottled black, white and grey, resembling congeners such as the European Corn Moth ("N. granella"). The head has a tuft of pale yellow hairs. The caterpillars feed mainly on bracket fungi. Their food spectrum has been subject to considerable dispute in the past due to confusion with the European Corn Moth. Some claimed that "N. cloacella" caterpillars eat a wide range of food – dried fruit and mushrooms, seeds and other vegetable material, e.g. cereal grains, "Capsicum annuum" fruit, poppyseed ("Papaver somniferum"), bitter almonds ("Prunus amygdalus amara") or bilberries ("Vaccinium"), but even cork (hence its common name) and beeswax. Other authors stated that they were only found on the Oak Mazegill fungus ("Daedalea quercina"), and ascribed the wide range of foodstuffs to "N. granella". But as it seems, neither extreme was correct; the caterpillars do eat preferentially fungi – not only the Oak Mazegill but also others (e.g. Birch Polypore, "Piptoporus betulinus") –, feeding on plant debris and similar materials when their favorite food is not available.

</doc>
<doc id="20207389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207389" title="2008–09 UAE President's Cup">
2008–09 UAE President's Cup

The 2008–09 UAE President's Cup was the 33rd season of the UAE President's Cup, the premier knockout tournament for association football clubs in the United Arab Emirates.
Al-Ahli went into this edition as the holders. Sharjah FC hold the most wins with 8 titles.
The cup winner were guaranteed a place in the 2010 AFC Champions League.
Round 1.
24 teams play a knockout tie. 12 clubs advance to the next round. Ties played over 30 & 31 October 2008
Round 2.
16 teams play a knockout tie. 8 clubs advance to the next round. Ties played over 28 & 29 November 2008
Quarter finals.
8 teams play a knockout tie. 4 clubs advance to the next round. Ties played over 1 & 2 February 2009
Semi finals.
4 teams play a knockout tie. 2 clubs advance to the Final Ties played on 24 February 2009

</doc>
<doc id="20207408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207408" title="Juan Diego (name)">
Juan Diego (name)

Juan Diego is a Spanish compound name which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20207429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207429" title="Masefield">
Masefield

Masefield may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20207446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207446" title="Madathilparampil Mammen Thomas">
Madathilparampil Mammen Thomas

Dr. M. M. Thomas (born as Madathilparampil Mammen Thomas, 1916—1996) was a renowned Indian Christian theologian, social thinker, activist and former Governor of the Indian State, Nagaland (from May 1990 to April 1992). He also served as the Chairperson of the Central Committee of World Council of Churches (1968–1975). He was conferred with the honorary doctorate degree by the University of Uppsala in 1978.
Early life.
Dr. Thomas was born on May 15, 1916 at Thiruvalla, Kerala India. His father M. M. Mammen was a reformation leader, printer and publisher based in Kozhencherry, Kerala. He was also involved in the Independence Movement in India during the Salt Satygraha. His mother was Ooriapadickal Mariamma, a school teacher. They had nine children of which Thomas was the eldest. He had six brothers, M. M. Cherian, M. M. George, M. M. Mammen, M. M. Abraham, M. M. John and Prof. M. M. Ninan, and two sisters, M. M. Aleyamma and M. M. Sosamma.
Relation with the Mar Thoma Church.
Being born in a Mar Thoma family, he had a Christian upbringing at home and always maintained the strong Christian convictions and ideals. Soon after obtaining his degree in 1935, he accepted the post of a teacher at Ashramam High School, Perumbavoor, a school run by the Mar Thoma Church, where the teachers used to pay part of their meager salary to the students from poor families. In 1937, instead of taking a lucrative job he went to Trivandrum, the capital of Kerala and started an orphanage there. He was influenced by the Indian Independence and also by the Marxist Movement.
He was the first full-time Organizing secretary of Yuvajana Sakhyam (the Youth wing of the Mar Thoma Church) from 1945-47.
He applied for ordination in the Mar Thoma Church, but that was rejected because of his membership in Communist party. At he same time he was rejected by the communist party because of his faith. But by self-education he became a theologian and was later involved in ecumenical movement.
Ecumenical movement.
He was the moderator of the Central committee of the World Council of Churches (WCC) from 1968-1975. Published a number of books, chaired a number of meetings of the WCC and left his foot prints in the history of World Ecumenical movement.
Governor of Nagaland.
In 1991 he was appointed as Governor of Nagaland, a state with a large number of Christians. Due to his disagreement with the Government of India he resigned in 1993.
Last days.
He was living at Manjadi, Tiruvalla. He died on December 3, 1996 and was laid to rest at Tiruvalla, Kerala.
External links.
Dr. M. M. Ninan http://www.amazon.com/Life-Legacy-Theology-M-M-Thomas-anthology/dp/1442172487/ref=ntt_at_ep_dpt_9

</doc>
<doc id="20207450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207450" title="Caloptilia azaleella">
Caloptilia azaleella

The Azalea leaf miner "(Caloptilia azaleella)" is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is endemic to Japan, but has been introduced worldwide.
The wingspan is . The moth flies from May to October depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Azalea species.
Distribution.
In the United States the species can be found from Florida to Texas, and as far north as Long Island, New York, West Virginia, and the Ohio Valley.
Ecology.
The species deposits their eggs under the leaves near midrib. As soon as larvae mature, it usually chooses undamaged leaf and rolls up in it and pupates. A week later the species start mating.

</doc>
<doc id="20207455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207455" title="1961 Yuba City B-52 crash">
1961 Yuba City B-52 crash

On 14 March 1961 an aircraft accident occurred near Yuba City, California. A United States Air Force B-52F-70-BW Stratofortress bomber, AF Serial No. "57-0166", c/n 464155, carrying two nuclear weapons departed from Mather Air Force Base near Sacramento. The aircraft experienced an uncontrolled decompression that required it to descend to in order to lower the cabin altitude. Increased fuel consumption caused by having to fly at lower altitude, combined with the inability to rendezvous with a tanker in time caused the aircraft to run out of fuel. The aircrew ejected safely, and then the unmanned aircraft crashed west of Yuba City, tearing the nuclear weapons from the aircraft on impact.
The weapons did not detonate as their safety devices worked properly. A fireman was killed and several others injured in a road accident while en route to the accident scene.

</doc>
<doc id="20207464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207464" title="Durch fremde Hand">
Durch fremde Hand

Durch fremde Hand is the ninth studio album by L'Âme Immortelle. The album is featured on two CDs and is the twin album of the band's previous studio album, Namenlos. The first disc contains remix versions of the songs on the first disc of Namenlos. A limited edition digipack, limited to 2,000 copies worldwide, was also released containing a 28-page booklet featuring artwork and song lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="20207469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207469" title="Kiefer-Stewart Co. v. Seagram &amp; Sons, Inc.">
Kiefer-Stewart Co. v. Seagram &amp; Sons, Inc.

Kiefer-Stewart Co. v. Seagram & Sons, Inc., 340 U.S. 211 (1951), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court, which held that an agreement among competitors in interstate commerce to fix maximum resale prices of their products violates the Sherman Antitrust Act.
Background.
The petitioner, Kiefer-Stewart Company, was an Indiana drug concern which does a wholesale liquor business. Respondents, Seagram and Calvert corporations, are affiliated companies that sell liquor in interstate commerce to Indiana wholesalers. Kiefer-Stewart brought this action in a federal district court for treble damages under the Sherman Act, and . The complaint charged that respondents had agreed or conspired to sell liquor only to those Indiana wholesalers who would resell at prices fixed by Seagram and Calvert, and that this agreement deprived Kiefer-Stewart of a continuing supply of liquor, to its great damage.
On the trial, evidence was introduced tending to show that Seagram had fixed maximum prices above which the wholesalers could not resell. The jury returned a verdict for petitioner, and damages were awarded. The United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit reversed (182 F.2d 228). It held that an agreement among respondents to fix maximum resale prices did not violate the Sherman Act, because such prices promoted, rather than restrained, competition. It also held the evidence insufficient to show that respondents had acted in concert. Doubt as to the correctness of the decision on questions important in antitrust litigation prompted the Supreme Court to grant certiorari.
Holding.
The Supreme Court ruled that the Court of Appeals erred in holding that an agreement among competitors to fix maximum resale prices of their products does not violate the Sherman Act. For such agreements, no less than those to fix minimum prices, cripple the freedom of traders, and thereby restrain their ability to sell in accordance with their own judgment. The Supreme Court reaffirmed "United States v. Socony-Vacuum Oil Co." (1940):

</doc>
<doc id="20207485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207485" title="Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1931–1934">
Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1931–1934

This is a list of the members of the Australian House of Representatives in the 13th Australian Parliament, which was elected at the 1931 election on 19 December 1931. The incumbent Australian Labor Party led by Prime Minister of Australia James Scullin was defeated by the newly formed opposition United Australia Party (descended from the Nationalist Party of Australia) led by ex-Labor Joseph Lyons with coalition partner the Country Party led by Earle Page.

</doc>
<doc id="20207511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207511" title="1991 ATP Tour World Championships – Singles">
1991 ATP Tour World Championships – Singles

Andre Agassi was the defending champion, but Jim Courier defeated him in the semifinal.
Draw.
Ilie Năstase Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
John Newcombe Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="20207514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207514" title="Amthamine">
Amthamine

Amthamine is a histamine agonist selective for the H2 subtype. It has been used "in vitro" and "in vivo" to study gastric secretion, as well as other functions of the H2 receptor.

</doc>
<doc id="20207516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207516" title="Moonshine, New Zealand">
Moonshine, New Zealand

Moonshine is a suburb of Upper Hutt, located in the lower North Island of New Zealand. It is a rural suburb between Upper Hutt and Paekakariki.

</doc>
<doc id="20207520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207520" title="Histamine trifluoromethyl toluidide">
Histamine trifluoromethyl toluidide

Histamine trifluoromethyl toluidide (HTMT) is a mixed H1/H2 histamine agonist which is significantly more potent than histamine itself. 
It also produces additional actions which appear to be independent of histamine receptors.

</doc>
<doc id="20207527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207527" title="Proxyfan">
Proxyfan

Proxyfan is a histamine H3 receptor ligand which is a "protean agonist", producing different effects ranging from full agonist, to antagonist, to inverse agonist in different tissues, depending on the level of constitutive activity of the histamine H3 receptor. This gives it a complex activity profile "in vivo" which has proven useful for scientific research.

</doc>
<doc id="20207529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207529" title="Methimepip">
Methimepip

Methimepip is a histamine agonist which is highly selective for the H3 subtype. It is the "N"-methyl derivative of immepip.

</doc>
<doc id="20207531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207531" title="Immethridine">
Immethridine

Immethridine is a histamine agonist selective for the H3 subtype.

</doc>
<doc id="20207543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207543" title="VUF-8430">
VUF-8430

VUF-8430 is a histamine agonist selective for the H4 subtype.

</doc>
<doc id="20207554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207554" title="Nasty, Live &amp; Funky">
Nasty, Live &amp; Funky

Nasty, Live & Funky is a live album released by the funk/R&B group Cameo in 2007. In addition to the live material, two studio tracks were included: "Come Fly With Me", and "Nasty", both written by Larry Blackmon. The "Mega-Mix" is a remix of the album's live tracks. This album is the a track for track re-release of "Nasty" from 1996, but with a new album title and cover.

</doc>
<doc id="20207568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207568" title="SCH-79687">
SCH-79687

SCH-79687 is a histamine antagonist selective for the H3 subtype.

</doc>
<doc id="20207578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207578" title="NNC 38-1049">
NNC 38-1049

NNC 38-1049 is a histamine antagonist selective for the H3 subtype. It has anorectic effects in animal studies and is being researched as a potential treatment for obesity.

</doc>
<doc id="20207589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207589" title="MK-0249">
MK-0249

MK-0249 is a histamine antagonist selective for the H3 subtype.

</doc>
<doc id="20207592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207592" title="JNJ-5207852">
JNJ-5207852

JNJ-5207852 is a histamine antagonist selective for the H3 subtype. It has stimulant and nootropic effects in animal studies, and has been suggested as a possible treatment for memory defects associated with epilepsy. JNJ-5207852 itself did not progress to clinical development due to poor pharmacokinetic characteristics, but the related compound JNJ-17216498 is currently in Phase II clinical trials for the treatment of narcolepsy.

</doc>
<doc id="20207596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207596" title="Cannabinoid receptor antagonist">
Cannabinoid receptor antagonist

The discovery of the endogenous cannabinoid system led to the development of CB1 receptor antagonists. The first cannabinoid receptor antagonist, rimonabant, was described in 1994. Rimonabant blocks the CB1 receptor selectively and it has been shown to decrease food intake and regulate body-weight gain. The prevalence of obesity worldwide is increasing dramatically and has a great impact on public health. The lack of efficient and well-tolerated drugs to cure obesity has led to an increased interest in research and development of cannabinoid antagonists. Cannabidiol, a naturally occurring cannabinoid, is a non-competitive CB1/2 antagonist.
History.
For centuries hashish and marijuana from the Indian hemp "Cannabis sativa" L. have been used for medicinal and recreational purposes.
Endocannabinoids and their signaling system.
The endogenous cannabinoid system includes cannabinoid receptors, their endogenous ligands (endocannabinoids) and enzymes for their synthesis and degradation. 
There are two main receptor types associated with the endocannabinoid signaling system; cannabinoid receptor 1 (CB1) and 2 (CB2). Both receptors are 7-transmembrane G-protein coupled receptors (GPCRs) which inhibit the accumulation of cyclic adenosine monophosphate within cells. CB1 receptors are present in highest concentration in the brain but can also be found in the periphery. CB2 receptors are mostly located in the immune and haematopoietic systems. 
Endocannabinoids are eicosanoids acting as agonists for cannabinoid receptors and they occur naturally in the body. Cannabinoid receptor-related processes are for example involved in cognition, memory, anxiety, control of appetite, emesis, motor behavior, sensory, autonomic and neuroendocrine responses, immune responses and inflammatory effects.
There are two well-characterized endocannabinoids located in the brain and periphery. The first identified was anandamide (arachidonoyl ethanolamide) and the second was 2-AG (2-arachidonoyl glycerol). Additional endocannabinoids include virodhamine (O-arachidonoyl ethanolamine), noladin ether (2-arachidonoyl glyceryl ether) and NADA (N-arachidonoyl dopamine).
Mechanism of action.
CB1 receptors are coupled through Gi/o proteins and inhibit adenylyl cyclase and activate mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinase. In addition, CB1 receptors inhibit presynaptic N- and P/Q-type calcium channels and activate inwardly rectifying potassium channels. CB1 antagonists produce inverse cannabimimetic effects that are opposite in direction from those produced by agonists for these receptors.
CB1 receptors are highly expressed in hypothalamic areas which are involved in central food intake control and feeding behavior. This strongly indicates that the cannabinoid system is directly involved in feeding regulation. These regions are also interconnected with the mesolimbic dopamine pathway, the so-called "reward" system. Therefore, CB1 antagonists might indirectly inhibit the dopamine-mediated rewarding properties of food. Peripheral CB1 receptors are located in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract, liver and in adipose tissue. In the GI, CB1 receptors are located on nerve terminals in the intestines. Endocannabinoids act at the CB1 receptors to increase hunger and promote feeding and it is speculated that they decrease intestinal peristalsis and gastric emptying. Thus, antagonism at these receptors can inverse these effects. Also, in peripheral tissues, antagonism of CB1 receptors increases insulin sensitivity and oxidation of fatty acids in muscles and the liver. A hypothetical scheme for the metabolic effects of CB1 receptor antagonists is shown in Figure 1.
Drug design.
The first approach to develop cannabinoid antagonists in the late 1980s was to modify the structure of THC but the results were disappointing. In the early 1990s new family of cannabinoid agonists was discovered from the NSAID (non-steroidal anti-inflammatory) drug pravadoline which led to the discovery of aminoalkyl indole antagonists with some but limited success. As the search based on the structure of agonists was disappointing it was no surprise that the first potent and selective cannabinoid antagonist belonged to an entirely new chemical family. In 1994 the first selective cannabinoid antagonist, SR141716 (rimonabant), was introduced by Sanofi belonging to a family of 1,5-diarylpyrazoles.
Rimonabant.
Rimonabant, also known by the systematic name H-pyrazole-3-carboxamidehydrochloride), is a 1,5-diarylpyrazole CB1 receptor antagonist (Figure 2). Rimonabant is not only a potent and highly selective ligand of the CB1 receptor, but it is also orally active and antagonizes most of the effects of cannabinoid agonists, such as THC, both "in vitro" and "in vivo". Rimonabant has shown clear clinical efficacy for the treatment of obesity.
Binding.
Binding of an agonist ligand to the CB1 receptor provokes a conformational change and leads to the active state of the receptor which is responsible for the signal transduction. However, there is an additional mechanism that can lead to the active state in the absence of ligand. As numerous other GPCRs, CB1 receptor displays a high level of constitutive activity and thus it can spontaneously adopt an active conformational state in the absence of agonist binding, keeping elevated basal levels of intracellular signaling. This can be explained by the two state-model of receptor activation in which receptors are in equilibrium between two states, active and inactive (R* and R). An agonist will stabilize the active state leading to activation, a neutral antagonist binds equally to active and inactive states, whereas an inverse agonist will preferentially stabilize the inactive state (Figure 3).
Rimonabant has been reported in many cases to behave as an inverse agonist rather than as a neutral antagonist and it is likely that it binds preferentially to the inactive state of the CB1, thereby decreasing the activation of the signaling pathway. The key binding interaction is a hydrogen bond formed between the carbonyl group of rimonabant and the Lys192 residue of the CB1 receptor. This bond stabilizes the Lys192-Asp366 salt bridge of the intracellular end of transmembrane helices 3 and 6 (Figure 4). This specific salt bridge is present in the inactive state of the receptor but absent in the active state.
In the inactive state of CB1 rimonabant binds within the transmembrane-3-4-5-6 aromatic microdomain. The binding of rimonabant involves direct aromatic stacking interactions between its 2,4-dichlorophenyl ring and the Trp279/Phe200/Trp356 residues on the one side and the "para"-chlorophenyl ring and the Tyr275/Trp255/Phe278 residues on the other side. The lipophilic piperidinyl moiety fits nicely in a cavity formed by the amino acid residues Val196/Phe170/Leu387 and Met384 (Figure 4).
Pharmacophore.
Most CB1 antagonists reported so far are close analogs or isosteres of rimonabant. A general CB1 inverse agonist pharmacophore model can be extracted from the common features of these analogs, diarylpyrazoles (Figure 4). This pharmacophore contains a cyclic core, C, (e.g. pyrazole in rimonabant) substituted by two aromatic moieties, A and B. A hydrogen bond acceptor unit, D, connects C with a cyclic lipophilic part, E. In some cases unit E directly connects to C. In Figure 4 rimonabant is used as an example. Unit A represents a 4-chlorophenyl group and unit B a 2,4-dichlorophenyl ring. Unit C is the central pyrazole ring and unit D represents the carbonyl group which serves as the hydrogen bond acceptor. Unit E represents a lipophilic aminopiperidinyl moiety.
Structure-activity relationships.
Optimal binding at the CB1 receptor requires a "para"-substituted phenyl ring at the pyrazole 5-position. The 5-substituent of the pyrazole is involved in receptor recognition and antagonism. The "para"-substituent of the phenyl ring could be chlorine, bromine or iodine, but it has been shown that an alkyl chain could also be tolerated. Numbering of the central pyrazole ring is shown in Figure 2.
A 2,4-dichloro-substituted phenyl ring at the pyrazole 1-position is preferred for affinity as well as for the activity. It has been shown that additional halogens on this phenyl ring decrease affinity. 
It is also favorable to have a ring substitution at the 3-carboxamide group, such as the 1-piperidinyl group in rimonabant. Replacement of the amino piperidinyl substituent by alkyl amides, ethers, ketones, alcohols or alkanes resulted mostly in decreased affinity. Replacement of the piperidinyl by pentyl or a heptyl chain gave the compounds agonistic properties. Based on these results it was concluded that the pyrazole 3-position seems to be involved in agonism, while the 1-,4-,5-positions appear to be involved in antagonism.
Research has shown that the absence of the carboxamide oxygen results in decreased affinity. Furthermore, the presence of carboxamide oxygen contributes in conferring the inverse agonist properties, whereas analogs lacking this oxygen are found to be neutral antagonists. These results support the hypothesis that the carboxamide oxygen forms a hydrogen bond with Lys192 residue at the CB1 receptor.
Diarylpyrazole derivatives.
SR141716 (rimonabant) analogs have recently been described by several groups, leading to a good understanding of the structure-activity relationship (SAR) within this chemical group. While most compounds described are less potent than SR141716, two of them are worth mentioning, SR147778 and AM251. 
SR147778 (surinabant), a second generation antagonist, has a longer duration of action than rimonabant and enhanced oral activity. This enhanced duration of action is probably due to the presence of the more metabolically stable ethyl group at the 4-position of its pyrazole ring. Another change is the replacement of the 5-phenyl chlorine substituent by bromine. 
The diarylpyrazole derivative, AM251, has been described where chlorine substituent has been replaced by iodine in the "para" position of the 5-phenyl ring. This derivative appeared to be more potent and selective than rimonabant.
21 analogs possessing either an alkyl amide or an alkyl hydrazide of variant lengths in position 3 were synthesized. It was observed that affinity increases with increased carbon chain length up to five carbons. Also the amide analogs exhibited higher affinity than hydrazide analogs. However, none of these analogs possessed significantly greater affinity than rimonabant but nevertheless, they were slightly more selective than rimonabant for the CB1 receptor over the CB2 receptor.
Several attempts have been made to increase the affinity of the diarylpyrazole derivatives by rigidifying the structure of rimonabant. In terms of the general pharmacophore model the units A, B and/or C are connected by additional bonds leading to rigid molecules. For example the condensed polycyclic pyrazole NESS-0327 showed 5000 times more affinity for the CB1 receptor than rimonabant. However, this compound possesses a poor central bioavailability. 
Another compound, the indazole derivative O-1248, can be regarded as an analog of rimonabant wherein its 5-aryl group is fused to the pyrazole moiety. However, this structural modification resulted in a 67-fold decrease in CB1 receptor affinity.
These diarylpyrazole derivatives of rimonabant are summarized in Table 1. 
Other derivatives.
Structurally different from the 1,5-diarylpyrazoles are the chemical series of the 3,4-diarylpyrazolines. Within this series is SLV-319 (ibipinabant), a potent CB1 antagonist which is about 1000-fold more selective for CB1 compared with CB2 and displays "in vivo" activity similar to rimonabant.
Another approach used to develop analogs of rimonabant was to replace central pyrazole ring by another heterocycle. An example of this approach are 4,5-diarylimidazoles and 1,5-diarylpyrrole-3-carboxamides.
A large number of fused bicyclic derivatives of diaryl-pyrazole and imidazoles have been reported. An example of these is a purine derivative where a pyrimidine ring is fused to an imidazole ring. Otenabant (CP-945,598) is an example of a fused bicyclic derivative developed by Pfizer. 
Several research groups have studied six-membered ring pyrazole bioisosteres. For example one 2,3-diarylpyridine derivative was shown to be potent and selective CB1 inverse agonist. The structure of this compound demonstrates the possibility that the amide moiety of rimonabant could be split into a lipophilic (benzyloxy) and a polar (nitrile) functionality. Other six-membered ring analogs are for example pyrimidines and pyrazines.
In addition to the five and six-membered ring analogs there are other cyclic derivatives such as the azetidines. One example is the methylsulfonamide azetidine derivative which has a 1,1-diaryl group that mimics the 1,5-diaryl moiety of the diarylpyrazoles. The sulfonyl group serves as a hydrogen bond acceptor. The 1,1-diaryl group is also present in derivatives such as the benzodioxoles and hydantoins.
Acyclic analogs have also been reported. These analogs contain a 1,2-diaryl motif which corresponds to the 1,5-diaryl substituents of rimonabant. An example of an acyclic analog is taranabant (MK-0364) developed by Merck.
Representatives of these analogs are summarized in Table 2.
Current status.
Rimonabant (Acomplia) has been approved in the European Union (EU) since June 2006 for the treatment of obesity. On 23 October 2008 the European Medicines Agency (EMEA) has recommended the suspension of the marketing authorization across the EU for Acomplia from Sanofi-Aventis based on the risk of serious psychiatric disorders. On 5 November 2008 Sanofi-Aventis announced discontinuation of rimonabant clinical development program.
Sanofi-Aventis has also discontinued development of surinabant (SR147778), a CB1 receptor antagonist for smoking cessation (31 October 2008).
Merck has stated in its press release on 2 October 2008 that they will not seek regulatory approval for taranabant (MK-0364) to treat obesity and will discontinue its Phase III clinical development program. Data from Phase III clinical trial showed that greater efficacy and more adverse effects were associated with the higher doses of taranabant and it was determined that the overall profile of taranabant does not support further development for obesity.
Another pharmaceutical company, Pfizer, terminated the Phase III development program for its obesity compound otenabant (CP-945,598), a selective antagonist of the CB1 receptor. According to Pfizer their decision was based on changing regulatory perspectives on the risk/benefit profile of the CB1 class and likely new regulatory requirements for approval.
A number of initiatives have been published to develop CB1 antagonists that target only peripheral CB1 receptors by restricting their ability to cross the blood brain barrier. Among these initiatives 7TM Pharma has reported the development of TM38837.
A review has now published on the approaches and compounds being pursued as peripherally restricted CB1 receptor blockers.

</doc>
<doc id="20207599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207599" title="Sir William Treloar, 1st Baronet">
Sir William Treloar, 1st Baronet

Sir William Purdie Treloar, 1st Baronet (13 January 1843 – 1923), was a manufacturer and philanthropist and Lord Mayor of the City of London.
Career.
He was born in London, and educated at King's College School. He was head of the firm of Treloar and Sons (haberdashery), and Director and Trustee of T. Cook and Son. He was selected Alderman of the City of London for the Ward of Farringdon Without from 1892, a Sheriff of the City of London in 1899 and Lord Mayor of the City of London in 1906/07.
On St Thomas's Day, 21 December 1881, he became a Common Councilman for the Ward of Farringdon Without. He served as a Common Councilman until he became its Alderman in 1892. As Alderman of the Ward it is said that one represents the World, the Flesh and the Devil i.e., Fleet Street, the home of the newspaper press; the Central Meat Market; and the Temple. He was the author of "A Lord Mayor's Diary 1906-7" (1920) and of "Wilkes and the City" (London: John Murray, 1917).
Lord Mayor of London.
Sir William Treloar established a 'Cripples' Fund' as his mayoral appeal, for which he gained 10,000 pounds of donations for his Alton Hospital during his tenure as Lord Mayor of London 9 November 1906 to 1907. Sir William and Lady Treloar greeted their first patients at the railway station of Alton on 8 September 1908 and a new branch was opened at Sandy Point, Hayling Island, in September 1919, with 50 patients.
As a result of this in 1908 he opened Treloar College and Treloar School, near Alton, Hampshire, which has become part of the "Treloar Trust" a charity supporting the UK’s leading specialist centre providing education, independence training and opportunities for young people with physical disabilities. 
Treloar maintains its links with The City and Livery Companies: each Lord Mayor of the City of London automatically becomes a trustee of Treloar Trust and visits the college and school.
During his period of office as Lord Mayor he made a ceremonial visit to Cornwall, the county from which his ancestors came. He was at Helston for the 1907 Furry Dance and had the honour of leading the full dress dance at noon on 8 May.
Honours.
He was knighted by Queen Victoria on 29 March 1900 at Windsor Castle as a Knight bachelor. On 8 May 1907 he was in Helston, Cornwall "the home of my fathers" and was given the Freedom of the Borough of Helston and then Freedom of the Borough of Truro. On 8 July 1907, Treloar conducted the opening of Simmons Park in Okehampton, Devon. After this date, a Swiss-style chalet - named Chalet Treloar - was built by the riverside in his honour. On 17 July 1907 he was created a baronet, of Grange Mount in the Parish of All Saints, Upper Norwood, in the Borough of Croydon.

</doc>
<doc id="20207603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207603" title="Pitolisant">
Pitolisant

Pitolisant (INN) or tiprolisant (USAN) is a histamine receptor inverse agonist/antagonist selective for the H3 subtype. It has stimulant and nootropic effects in animal studies, and may have several medical applications, having been researched for the treatment of narcolepsy, for which it has been granted orphan drug status in the EU and US. It is currently in clinical trials for schizophrenia and Parkinson's disease.
Pitolisant was developed by Jean-Charles Schwartz and colleagues after the former discovered H3 receptors.[http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1476-5381.2011.01286.x/abstract] Pitolisant was the first clinically used H3 receptor inverse agonist.

</doc>
<doc id="20207612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207612" title="Country Store (cereal)">
Country Store (cereal)

Country Store is a variety of muesli manufactured by Kellogg's. It is high in fiber and available only in the European Union. It is not sold in the United States due to its higher production cost compared to processed artificial cereals such as Fruit Loops and Apple Jacks (using artificial flavors and colors would increase profits for Kellogg's but is illegal in Europe so the company sells natural cereals there). Country Store was introduced into the United Kingdom (including Northern Ireland) and Republic of Ireland around 1974 with a TV advert voiced by Michael Jayston.
Ingredients.
Country Store contains a number of natural ingredients, including sugar, brown sugar, glucose-fructose syrup, salt, milk whey powder, oats, maize, wholewheat, sultanas, wheat bran, hazelnuts, dried apple and barley malt flavouring.

</doc>
<doc id="20207614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207614" title="Xavier Hufkens">
Xavier Hufkens

Xavier Hufkens is one of Europe’s leading galleries for contemporary art. Located in Brussels, the gallery maintains a diverse exhibition programme with solo exhibitions of the gallery artists as well as group exhibitions and special projects. The gallery deals in a distinctive combination of painting, drawing, sculpture, photography, video and installation-based work. 
The origins of the gallery date back to 1987, when Xavier Hufkens opened a gallery space in an un-refurbished warehouse in the neighbourhood of the South Station (Midi) in Brussels. During the early years, the focus of the gallery was upon mid-career and emerging artists and the gallery is known for having introduced some of the most influential contemporary artists to Brussels at a time when they were still relatively unknown. British sculptor Antony Gormley, who is still affiliated with the gallery, Felix Gonzalez-Torres and Rosemarie Trockel all showed in Belgium for the first time with Xavier Hufkens (Gormley in 1987; Gonzalez-Torres in 1991 and Trockel in 1993).
In 1992, the gallery moved to a 19th-century townhouse at 6-8 rue Saint-Georges, close to the Avenue Louise. Completely renovated by Belgian architects Paul Robbrecht, Hilde Daem and Marie-José Van Hee, the house quickly gained a reputation for being not just one of the most beautiful contemporary art spaces in the Belgian capital, but also one of the most interesting. The expanded exhibition programme coincided with the additional representation of a number of established artists from Belgium and abroad, including Richard Artschwager, Thierry De Cordier and Jan Vercruysse. In 1997, Hufkens expanded the gallery further by annexing the adjacent building and a number of new artists joined the gallery, including Louise Bourgeois, Roni Horn and Thomas Houseago.
A second space in the same street, at 107 rue Saint-Georges, opened in spring 2013. Located in the Galerie Rivoli, a mixed-use commercial development from the 1970s, the new gallery space was designed by Swiss architect Harry Gugger, who was previously in partnership with Herzog and De Meuron. Slegten & Toegemann, Brussels, managed the project.
An eclectic but very clear vision underpins all of the gallery’s activities: “The definition of the gallery was established from the start. The common thread, then and now, is quality over and above everything else, which I find more intellectually challenging than a forced definition. From the early days I juxtaposed established artists such as Michelangelo Pistoletto with someone like Felix Gonzalez-Torres when he was totally unknown. Today I still mix my work: I have no problem showing Malcolm Morley … alongside Robert Ryman, or Willem de Kooning.” Hufkens in The Art Newspaper, Issue 220, January 2011, published online: 20 January 2011
Xavier Hufkens represents some thirty artists from different generations. He is part of the six-member selection committee for Art Basel and also participates in up to five international Arts Fairs annually. The gallery has partnerships with the estates of Louise Bourgeois, Willem de Kooning and Robert Mapplethorpe.
Artists represented.
Saâdane Afif, David Altmejd, Harold Ancart, Richard Artschwager, Louise Bourgeois, Cris Brodahl, Daniel Buren, Jean-Marc Bustamante, John Chamberlain, George Condo, Thierry De Cordier, Willem de Kooning, William Eggleston, Michel François, Adam Fuss, Antony Gormley, Evan Holloway, Roni Horn, Thomas Houseago, Pierre Huyghe, Jacob Kassay, Bertrand Lavier, Robert Mapplethorpe, Malcolm Morley, David Noonan, Alessandro Pessoli, Jack Pierson, Michelangelo Pistoletto, Ken Price, Tim Rollins and K.O.S., Sterling Ruby, Robert Ryman, Pádraig Timoney, Lesley Vance, Jan Vercruysse, Erwin Wurm

</doc>
<doc id="20207626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207626" title="Riad Jarjour">
Riad Jarjour

Rev. Dr. Riad Jarjour is a Syrian Christian clergyman who has served as General Secretary of the Middle East Council of Churches between 1994 and 2003. Born in Aleppo and grew up in the city of Homs. 
Biography.
While in high school, he spent one year in Green Bay, Wisconsin, as an exchange student. He completed his B.A. degree at Hagazian College and M.Div. at the Near East School of Theology, both in Beirut, Lebanon, and in 1978 was ordained a Minister in the Evangelical Synod of Syria and Lebanon. 
Further studies include the STM degree in Islamic studies from the Near East School of Theology, and the D.Min. degree at McCormick Theological Seminary, Chicago, Ill. A chaplain in South Lebanon for several years, he joined the Middle East Council of Churches in 1978 as Director of the Youth Program, and in 1983 became co-director, with his wife, Roseangela, of the Ayia Napa Conference Center in Ayia Napa, Cyprus. 
In 1985 he was named Associate General Secretary of the MECC and Director of its Unit on Education and Renewal. The MECC has become increasingly involved in Christian-Muslim dialogue under the Rev. Jarjour's leadership.
Rev. Dr. Riad Jarjour presently is the general secretary of the Arab Group For Muslim-Christian Dialogue.
Legacy.
During his nine-year tenure with the MECC, Rev. Jarjour has brought the Council’s program closer to the grass roots of the churches, rationalized its structure. He managed to maintain the Council’s effective ministries despite the shrinking financial resources. He also worked to strengthen the ministry of the council among its member churches and especially in the Holy land. He supported the cause of the Palestinian people, and advocated for the preservation of the Arab identity of Jerusalem. 
He has organized and led several events like the Muslim-Christian conference on Jerusalem (Beirut, June 14–17, 1996) and several other substantial events over the following years. Over the years, the Council’s role as the venue for communication between middle eastern Christians and Muslims was greatly enhanced. Rev. Jarjour was among the key contributors to and editors of the landmark document of the Arab Working Group for Christian Muslim Dialogue, “Dialogue and Coexistence: An Arab Muslim-Christian Covenant” (finalized in Cairo in December 2001). 
Rev. Jarjour was instrumental in planning and administering an important meeting between the heads of the Middle East’s churches (The Council of Nicosia). Under his administration the Council’s relief work in Iraq continued to be effective and timely. The Council was also on the ground to respond to the tragic earthquakes in Iran and Turkey. He administered the program on Justice, Peace and Human Rights which evolved into an effective instrument for analysis, training and promoting vital concerns not only of Christians but of all groups in middle eastern society.
Rev. Jarjour’s led the Arab Group for Christian Muslim Dialogue on of activities in the region and internationally, which culminated in an important document on Christian Muslim dialogue (The Christian Muslim covenant). He also developed the activities of the world association for Christian communication in the Middle East.
He is also a frequent speaker in international circles, on the ecclesiastical, religious, social and historical situation of the Middle East region.

</doc>
<doc id="20207628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207628" title="Bill Horton (rugby league)">
Bill Horton (rugby league)

William "Bill" Horton (17 February 1905 — ) born in Knottingley, was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1920s and '30s, playing at representative level for Great Britain, England and Yorkshire, and at club level for Wakefield Trinity, as a , or , i.e. number 11 or 12, or 13, during the era of contested scrums.
Playing career.
International honours.
Bill Horton won caps for England while at Wakefield Trinity in 1928 against Wales, in 1929 against Other Nationalities, in 1932 against Wales, in 1933 against Australia, in 1936 against Wales, and won caps for Great Britain while at Wakefield Trinity in 1928 against Australia (3 matches), New Zealand (3 matches), in 1929-30 against Australia, in 1932 against Australia (3 matches), New Zealand, and in 1933 against Australia (3 matches).
Rugby league county cup final appearances.
Bill Horton played in Wakefield Trinity's 9-8 victory over Batley in the 1924–25 Yorkshire Cup final.
Genealogical information.
Bill Horton married Sybil Irene Webber of Bristol in June 1927 in Wakefield.

</doc>
<doc id="20207639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207639" title="Channel M Breakfast">
Channel M Breakfast

Channel M Breakfast was a regional breakfast television programme, produced by the Greater Manchester local television station, Channel M. Launched on Monday 16 April 2007 and broadcast from the headquarters of Channel M at Urbis in Manchester city centre, the programme covered news, sport, features and entertainment from Greater Manchester and was the only regional television programme of its kind in the United Kingdom. 
The programme was axed on Friday 15 May 2009 as part of severe cutbacks to programming output and staffing levels at the station.
The programme's editor was Vanessa Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="20207645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207645" title="Robert de Vere, 19th Earl of Oxford">
Robert de Vere, 19th Earl of Oxford

Robert de Vere, 19th Earl of Oxford (b. after 23 August 1575 – 7 August 1632) was a British soldier, and penultimate Earl of Oxford.
Life.
He was the second cousin of Henry de Vere, 18th Earl of Oxford.
When Henry died some time between 2 and 9 June 1625, Robert emerged as the heir apparent to the earldom. Robert's claim was by his descent from John de Vere, 15th Earl of Oxford, but his title was not immediately confirmed. 
He was considered to have an inadequate estate in England, and only after a long debate in the House of Lords in April 1626 did he eventually secure his title.
After this he returned to his home in the Low Countries, where he had made a career for himself as a soldier in the Dutch army. 
He married Beatrice, or Bauck, daughter of the Dutch nobleman Sierck van Hemmema. 
In 1632, Robert was killed while taking part in the siege of Maastricht. 
His title passed to his five-year-old son Aubrey, who would in turn become the last in an almost 600-year line of de Vere earls of Oxford.
Ancestry.
Ancestors of Robert de Vere, 19th Earl of Oxford

</doc>
<doc id="20207650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207650" title="Q-D-Š">
Q-D-Š

Q-D-Š (or Q-D-Sh, also transliterated Q-D-S) is a common triconsonantal Semitic root form used in various ancient and modern languages since at least the 3rd millennium BCE. The meanings expressed by this root are "Holy", "Sacred", "Divine Power", "To Set Apart", and "Sanctuary". The root is Q-D-Š in Aramaic, Hebrew, Syriac, and reconstructed Phoenician, and Q-D-S in Arabic, Maltese, and Ge'ez.
Origins.
Semitic scripts are rendered from right-to-left.
The root "qdš" was used frequently in West Semitic languages as a verb meaning "consecrate", whereas in Akkadian texts, the verb conjugated from this root meant to "clean, purify." It could also be used as an adjective meaning "holy", and a substantive referring to a "sanctuary, sacred object, sacred personnel." It was used this way in Ugaritic, as for example, in the words "qidšu" (meaning "holy place" or "chapel") and "qad(i)šu" (meaning "consecrated gift" or "cultic personnel"). In some Ugaritic texts, "qdš" is used as a divine epithet. For example, the gods are referred to as "the sons of holiness" or "the holy ones" ("bn qdš"), and in the 2nd millennium BCE epic poem the "Legend of Keret", the hero is described as "the son of El and the offspring of the Benevolent One and "qdš"".
William Foxwell Albright believed that "Qudšu" (meaning "holiness") was a common Canaanite appellation for the goddess Asherah, and Albright's mentor Frank Moore Cross claimed "qdš" was used as a divine epithet for both Asherah and the Ugaritic goddess, Athirat. Johanna Stucky claims she may have been a deity in her own right.
Depictions of a goddess in inscriptions from Dynastic Egypt, thought to Canaanite since she is referred to as "Qdš" (often transliterated in English as Qedesha, Qudshu or Qetesh), show a woman in the nude, with curly hair and raised arms carrying lilies and serpents. "Qdš" is also depicted in the pantheon of gods at Memphis, Egypt possibly indicating worship of her as independent deity there. The word "qdš" also appears in the Pyrgi Tablets, a Phoenician text found in Italy that dates back to 500 BCE.
Hebrew.
"Qudšu" was later used in Jewish Aramaic to refer to God, and "Qudš" is the proto-form of the Hebrew word "qadōš", meaning "holy". The triconsonantal root Q-D-Š appears some 830 times in the Hebrew Bible, where it is used to express the notion of holiness, and when attributed to God, is used to refer to his unspeakable nature. Its use in the Hebrew Bible evokes ideas of separation from the profane, and proximity to the Otherness of God, while in nonbiblical Semitic texts, recent interpretations of its meaning link it to ideas of consecration, belonging, and purification.
The Hebrew language, sacred to Jews, is called "The Holy Tongue" ( "Lashon HaKodesh") since ancient times. In addition, the Hebrew term for the Holy Temple in Jerusalem is "Beit Hamikdash" (, "the holy house"), and "Ir Ha-Kodesh" (, "City of the Holy"), the latter being one of the tens of Hebrew names for Jerusalem.
Three theological terms that come from this root are Kiddush, which is sanctification of the Sabbath or a festival with a blessing over wine before the evening and noon meals, Kaddish, which is the sanctification prayer, and mourner's prayer, and Kedushah which is the responsive section of the reader's repetition of the Amidah.
"Kedeshah", (קדשה), one of two different words for prostitute (see sacred prostitution) used in the Hebrew Bible, also derives from the Q-D-Š root. While the word "zonah" (זנה) simply meant an ordinary prostitute or loose woman, whereas the word "kedeshah" literally means "consecrated female". Whatever the cultic significance of a "kedeshah" to the Canaanites, who used it to refer to a female deity whose identity is a matter of debate, the Hebrew Bible is quick to use the word for the common prostitute whenever the word kedeshah is used.
There are two different words describing places that use this root in the Hebrew Bible. One is Kedesh, which refers to a Canaanite village first documented in Joshua 20:7 and later in 2 Kings 15:29. The other is Kadesh, a place in the south of Ancient Israel, mentioned in and . 
Arabic.
The verb form of Q-D-S in Arabic ("qadus") means "to be holy" or "to be pure, immaculate". "Quds" can be used as a noun to denote "paradise" or as an adjective meaning "purity" or "holiness". The definite noun form, "al-Quds" (, "the holy one"), is the most common of seventeen Arabic Names of Jerusalem and derives from the Aramaean word for "temple" ("qōdšā"). The Turkish word for Jerusalem, , derives from the Arabic name.
Two other names for Jerusalem also derive from the Q-D-S root: "Bayt al-Muqqadas" ("the holy house") and "Bayt al-Maqdis". The wider area around Jerusalem, or the Holy Land, is referred to in Arabic and in Islamic sources as "al ard al-muqaddasa" (also "Bilād al-Muqaddasa"), as it is full of shrines and connections to prophets and saints. The Christian Bible is known in Arabic as "al-Kitāb al-Muqaddas". "Muqaddas" in Arabic means not only "holy" and "sacred", but also "hallowed, sanctified, dedicated, consecrated."
"Al-Quds" also appears in Arabic as part of a phrase to refer to the Holy Spirit, "Rúḥu 'l-Quds" (or "Rūḥu 'l'Qudus"), with "Ruh" meaning "spirit". This phrase appears in the Qur'an a number of times, where it is thought to refer in some cases to the angel Gabriel.
The concept of "Rúḥu 'l-Quds" is also discussed at length by the Sufi mystic, ʻAbd al-Karim al-Jili, who further distinguishes between two other concepts derived from the Q-D-S root in Arabic: "qudsi" ("holy one") and "aqdasi" ("most holy one"). The "qudsi" is one who "unceasingly contemplates the Divine consciousness "sirr" ['secret'], which is his origin" and is "illuminated" by it, whereas the "aqdasi" ("most holy one") is one who is actually united with this Essence.
"Qudsi" is also used in Arabic to refer to a Jerusalemite, or a native/resident of Jerusalem. It and its derivatives, such as Maqdisi and al-Muqaddasi are used in Arabic surnames or as appellatives assigned to those who come from or live in Jerusalem.
The religious terms "Hadith Qudsi" ("holy hadith") and "Tafsir Qudsi" ("sacred commentary") also incorporate "qudsi", though in this case it is used as an adjective, rather than a noun or pronoun. Tafsir Qudsi is a form of Quranic commentary, while Hadith Qudsi refers to the "utterances of God through the Prophet", thus enjoying a status higher than that the hadith writings in general, though lower than that of the Qur'an.
Other derivatives of Q-D-S in Arabic include "qudus", which means "purity", "sanctity", "saint" or "holy", and "qadas", which is used to refer to a "small cup or plate", often used to put forth offerings at holy sites. "Taqdis" means to "purify, sanctify, consecrate to God," "taqqadus" is to "be purified, sanctified, consecrated," and "taqâdus" means to "play the saint". "Istiqdas" means "to deem holy."

</doc>
<doc id="20207653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207653" title="DJ Cameo">
DJ Cameo

DJ Cameo is a British disc jockey and former host of "Pirate Sessions", a now-defunct Sunday afternoon grime show on the digital UK radio station BBC 1Xtra. He now presents the Tuesday night UKG show. The music Cameo produces varies from 2 step vocals, to 4x4, to grime, and sublow. In 2004, Cameo was voted winner of the "Best Newcomer" Award for the garage scene's 2004 Peoples Choice Awards held in London. Cameo also received two back to back awards on behalf of Uptown Records, winner of best record shop.
Biography.
DJ Cameo began his DJing career in 1997 playing in local bars and clubs in West London. His main influences at that time were Tuff Jam, EZ and the Dreem Teem. In March 1999, Cameo landed a set on London's 92.5 Taste FM alongside MCs Mr. Kaos and Double G, together collectively known as The Specialist Crew and later Special Edition. In their weekly 4pm–6pm Sunday show, they were amongst the early pioneers of a changing scene and introduced the concept of 'radio raving' with 2 MCs effectively 'bringing a rave into your living room'. This allowed Cameo to be heard on the UK underground music scene and to gain experience in working on a radio station. With success on Taste FM, Cameo also featured on other pirate stations such as Delight FM, Ice FM and Lush FM.
In 2001, he secured a job at Uptown Records, a European underground music store and has since been promoted to head buyer for the UK garage department. That same year, Cameo teamed up with Danny C and MC Viper to produce "Addicted". Cameo then got involved with producer J-Sweet to produce the underground track "Hi Grade" featuring Mr. Kaos and Double G that was then signed to the MOBO 2002 compilation, and more recently the 2003 garage anthem "Original Bad Girl Style" featuring Gemma Fox for Ministry of Sound's "Street Beats" compilation.
In October 2005, Cameo started his own label, On A Level, and Kamikaze Recordings working with artists such as Jon E Cash, DaVinChe, Terror Danger, P-Jam, Dexplicit, Vital, Delinquent, TnT, J-Sweet, IMP, Jiggalo, Black Jack and Scandalous. Also in 2005, the "Garage Anthems" CD compilation, mixed by Cameo was released on Virgin Records. Cameo went on to become head A&R of Def Jam mobile, a ringtone company offering UK and US tracks for download. That same year, Cameo promoted his Hot Off The Block Grime Allstars concert tour alongside Rebecka Prochnik. It showcased established and new UKG talent in a live concert format enabling fans around the world to truly experience the UKG phenomena on their doorstep. A world tour was set up with dates in New York, Germany, Spain, Sweden and Paris. The UK was also covered with dates at Glastonbury Festival, V Festival, Cargo and various universities. The tour included acts such as Crazy Titch & J2K, Lethal B, Roll Deep, JME, Skepta, Bruza, No Lay, L Man, Purple and Tinchy Stryder, to name a few. It aimed to take the UKG scene to another level providing artists and producers with unlimited global exposure.
In early 2006, on behalf of 1xtra and BBC Radio 3, Cameo hosted Urban Classic, a music event which brought urban street stars such as Bruza Purple Pace Tor, Faith Sfx and Davinche together with the BBC Symphony Orchestra for a performance at the Hackney Empire. Cameo also appeared on the TV drama series "Dubplate Drama".

</doc>
<doc id="20207665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207665" title="Treasure Coast Square">
Treasure Coast Square

Treasure Coast Square is a shopping mall in Jensen Beach, Florida, USA. It comprises more than 120 stores, including anchor stores Dillard's, JCPenney, Macy's and Sears, as well as a food court and Regal 16-screen movie theater. The mall is managed by Simon Property Group, and opened in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20207671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207671" title="Gabaculine">
Gabaculine

Gabaculine is a naturally occurring neurotoxin first isolated from the bacteria "Streptomyces toyacaensis", which acts as a potent and irreversible GABA transaminase inhibitor, and also a GABA reuptake inhibitor.

</doc>
<doc id="20207678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207678" title="Ancient Spirit Rising">
Ancient Spirit Rising

Ancient Spirit Rising is the fifth album by Domine. It was recorded in 
January 2007 and released under Japanese label Avalon in February 2007.
Track listing.
All tracks by Enrico Paoli except were noted

</doc>
<doc id="20207681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207681" title="David Hall (Irish politician)">
David Hall (Irish politician)

David Hall was an Irish Labour Party politician. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Meath constituency at the 1923 general election. He was re-elected at the June 1927 general election. He did contest the September 1927 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20207691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207691" title="Ian James Brooks">
Ian James Brooks

Ian James Brooks (born 1928) was a New Zealand politician of the Labour Party.
He represented the electorate from a after the death of National's Tom Shand. He held the electorate until he was defeated in by National's Edward Latter for what was usually a safe National seat.

</doc>
<doc id="20207692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207692" title="Nipecotic acid">
Nipecotic acid

Nipecotic acid is a GABA reuptake inhibitor used in scientific research.

</doc>
<doc id="20207694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207694" title="Alberto Frison">
Alberto Frison

Alberto Frison (born 22 January 1988) is an Italian footballer who plays for Calcio Catania in the Italian Serie A as a goalkeeper.
Club Career.
Treviso.
Born in Mirano, Veneto. Frison started his professional career at Veneto side Treviso. He played for Treviso's youth set-up from 2000 to 2007 and was part of the Primavera under-20 team since the 2005–06 season. Frison was primary deployed as the first choice goalkeeper for the Primavera squad, before being promoted to the first team in 2006. He was awarded the number 12 jersey in the first team, and worked as the fourth choice goalkeeper behind Vlada Avramov, Alex Cordaz and Maxminio Montresor. Frison officially graduated from the youth team in June 2007, and was loaned to Lega Pro Prima Divisione side Manfredonia in July 2007. With the Lega Pro Prima Divisione club, Frison was the first choice goalkeeper, ahead of Giacomo Bindi and Manolo Leacche. His performances at the club were not enough to avoid relegation as Manfredonia finished last in Group A and were relegated to the Lega Pro Seconda Divisione as a result.
On 30 June 2008, Frison returned to Treviso, and ahead of the 2008–09 Serie B season, the goalkeeper was retained to the first team, to act as an understudy to Cordaz. On 1 September, however, Frison transferred to fellow Serie B side Vicenza in a co-ownership deal, and in exchange, veteran Matteo Guardalben moved from Vicenza to Treviso as part of the deal.
Vicenza.
Frison officially joined Vicenza on the deadline day of the 2008 summer transfer window. At Vicenza, he was awarded the number 1 jersey, and he worked as understudy to veteran goalkeeper, Marco Fortin, but Frison went on to make 8 league appearances that season. During the 2009–10 Serie B campaign, Frison continued as the club's second choice goalkeeper behind Fortin and ahead of Cristian Cicioni and José Rocchi. On 18 January 2010, Serie A side Genoa signed Frison on a six-month loan deal from Vicenza. In return, Danilo Russo moved to Vicenza on a co-ownership agreement. Once at Genoa, Frison was given the number 1 jersey, and served as the third choice goalkeeper behind Marco Amelia and Alessio Scarpi. Despite making no Serie A appearances for the Ligurian club, Frison played a friendly match for Genoa at the end of season.
Frison returned to Vicenza on 30 June 2010, ahead of the 2010-11 Serie B season. Upon his return to the club, Frison became a regular at the biancorossi, making 12 league starts for the club in this first half of the new season. On 19 January 2011, however, he was loaned out to Frosinone. On 31 January 2011, Pierluigi Frattali transferred from Frosinone to Vicenza, in exchange. During his loan spell with Frosinone, Frison became the first choice keeper, making 17 league appearances. On 30 June 2011, Frison returned to Vicenza following the expiration of the loan deal.
Following his return to [Vicenza, Frison took the number 88 jersey, and was expected to compete with veteran Paolo Acerbis for a starting spot. He instantly became the club's starting goalkeeper following his return and would go on to become an indispensable part of the team's 2011-12 squad, making over 45 appearances in all competitions with 41 appearances in the league. In January 2012, Frison was strongly linked with a move to several clubs. Frison remained at Vicenza, but was unable to prevent the club's eventual relegation to the Lega Pro Prima Divisione following the play-out loss on aggregate to Empoli.
Calcio Catania.
On 6 July 2012, Frison transferred to Calcio Catania in a co-ownership agreement on a 5-year contract. The total cost of the transfer was €650,000, though fullback Raffaele Imparato transferred to Vicenza as part-exchange for free. Frison was expected to compete with Argentina international Mariano Andújar for a starting role following the loan return of Juan Pablo Carrizo to S.S. Lazio, the departure of Tomáš Košický to Novara and the expiration of Andrea Campagnolo's contract. Since his arrival at the Sicilian club, Frison has served as a backup to Andújar, and has made three appearances in the 2012–13 Coppa Italia. He would go on to make his Serie A debut, in an away loss to A.C. Milan on 28 April 2013, after Andújar was handed a three-match suspension from league play. On 5 May 2013, Frison earned his first Serie A clean sheet in a 3-0 home victory over Siena. In June 2013 Catania signed Frison outright for another €700,000.
International career.
Frison has been capped for Italy national youth teams since 2004, all in friendly matches. He was named in the 23-man preliminary squad for the 2005 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship, which Italy automatic qualified as host, but was excluded from the 18-men final squad. After Enrico Alfonso was sent off in the group stage of the tournament, Frison was originally eligible for selection to the squad as emergency backup, but was injured. Frison played his only match for the under-18 team in 2005, ahead of Enrico Alfonso and Paolo Tornaghi.
He was capped for the Italy under-20 team at the 2007–08 Four Nations Tournament, and in an unofficial friendly against Serie D Best XI. Since 2008–09 season, he was called–up to the U21 Serie B representative team. He played in internal friendlies, which the team split into blue and white teams and against each other.
On 1 October 2010, Frison received a call-up from the under-21 team for the first time. He participated in both legs of the 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship play-off round as an unused substitute. Italy were eliminated and Frison would no longer be eligible to the U21 team, effectively ending his short U21 career.
Personal life.
He is the son of former football goalkeeper Lorenzo Frison, who played professionally for teams such as Palermo and Pescara in the 1970s and the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="20207696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207696" title="Arth Daniels">
Arth Daniels

Arth Daniels (born September 28, 1984, London) is a British painter and artist who achieved fame as a photorealist through large scales works. Working mainly in oil paint, Arths work has been seen on public display throughout London and included in many British and European magazines, blogs and articles.
Life And Work.
Throughout 2008 and continuing into 2009, he was one of the 55 Exhibitors to be chosen out of 1,750 artists who had entered the competition to be included into The BP National Portrait awards 2008.
His work was on public display in the National Portrait Gallery from 12 June - 14 September 2008.
The touring exhibition continued across the UK through to March 2009, and was exhibited into the Wolverhampton Art Gallery, Aberdeen Art Gallery and Aberystwyth Arts Centre.
His work has been shown at StolenSpace.

</doc>
<doc id="20207703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207703" title="Shunichiro Okano">
Shunichiro Okano

Shunichiro Okano (born August 28, 1931 in Tokyo, Japan) is a former Japanese football player and manager. From 1998 to 2002, he was the president of the Japan Football Association.
He managed the Japan national football team during 1970 and 1971.
He was a member of the IOC from 1990 to 2012. In 2012 he became an honorary member.

</doc>
<doc id="20207709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207709" title="Phaclofen">
Phaclofen

Phaclofen, or phosphonobaclofen, is a selective antagonist for the GABAB receptor.

</doc>
<doc id="20207721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207721" title="Hidetoki Takahashi">
Hidetoki Takahashi

Hidetoki Takahashi (April 11, 1916 – February 5, 2000) was a Japanese football player and manager.
He played for Hitachi (now Kashiwa Reysol) and led them to their first league title in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20207730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207730" title="Péricles Chamusca">
Péricles Chamusca

Péricles Raimundo Oliveira Chamusca, or simply known as Péricles Chamusca (born September 29, 1965) is a Brazilian football manager. Currently, he is the head coach of Júbilo Iwata.
Early and personal life.
Chamusca was born in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil.
Coaching career.
Chamusca coached Japanese club Oita Trinita since September 2005, then brought the first J. League Cup title to the club in 2008. But on the very next season, the club suffered a 14th straight defeat in the league due to injuries of regular players. He was fired on July 14, and Ranko Popović took his position.
On July 31, 2009 he assigned with Sport Recife to coach the Pernambucano team. He replaced Emerson Leão. On November 7, 2009, the coach has quit Sport Club do Recife in agreement with the club chairman Sílvio Guimarães, the team placed the bottom in the Brasileirão championship standings.

</doc>
<doc id="20207770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207770" title="International Committee for Prostitutes' Rights">
International Committee for Prostitutes' Rights

The International Committee for Prostitutes’ Rights (ICPR) emerged from the prostitutes' rights movement starting in the mid-1970s. The ICPR adopted the World Charter for Prostitutes' Rights in 1985 in response to feminist arguments that all prostitution is forced prostitution. The Charter calls for the decriminalisation of "all aspects of adult prostitution resulting from individual decision". The Charter also states that prostitutes should be guaranteed "all human rights and civil liberties, including the freedom of speech, travel, immigration, work, marriage, and motherhood and the right to unemployment insurance, health insurance and housing." The Charter established a human rights based approach which has subsequently been further elaborated by the prostitutes' rights movement.
Background.
In the mid-1970s a highly politicised prostitutes' rights movement emerged in Europe. Starting with the strike by French prostitutes in 1975, which lead to the creation of the French Collective of Prostitutes and in turn inspired the formation of groups such as the English Collective of Prostitutes in England (1975), the New York Prostitutes Collective (1979) which later became USPROS, the Australian Prostitutes Collective (1981) which is now known as the Prostitutes Collective of Victoria (PCV), and the Italian Committee for Civil Rights of Prostitutes (1982). The Canadian Organisation for the Rights of Prostitutes (CORP), the Dutch Red Thread and HYDRA in Germany also assumed significant roles in the movement. The International Committee for Prostitutes Rights (ICPR) was formed in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20207781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207781" title="Pass Creek Snowshoe Cabin">
Pass Creek Snowshoe Cabin

The Pass Creek Snowshoe Cabin, built in 1938 in Glacier National Park, is a significant resource both architecturally and historically as a shelter, usually 8–12 miles apart, for patrolling backcountry rangers.
The Pass Creek shelter was originally built by trail crews on their own initiative as a more permanent and bear-proof accommodation than tents, which had been repeatedly raided. The cabin is therefore slightly larger and taller than the Park Service-standard cabins.

</doc>
<doc id="20207806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207806" title="The Witch-Cult in Western Europe">
The Witch-Cult in Western Europe

The Witch-Cult in Western Europe by Margaret Murray was published in 1921, at a time when the influence and success of "The Golden Bough" by anthropologist James George Frazer was at its height. In those days Margaret Murray was celebrated in university circles as the expert on western witchcraft. In the period 1929-1968 she even wrote the article on witchcraft in the successive editions of the Encyclopaedia Britannica. In 1962, her main work was reprinted by Oxford University Press. Her theory, also known as "the witch-cult hypothesis" suggests that the things told about witches in Europe were in fact based on a real existing pagan religion that worshiped a horned god.
Murray's theory.
Murray's theory, as she explained in this book and the subsequent "The God of the Witches" (1933), consists of the following elements:
Reception of the theory by modern scholars.
The idea of a witch cult that until early modern times managed to survive, is now largely obsolete. Most but not all modern scholars of witchcraft generally dismiss it as romantic nonsense.
From the 1920s on, Margaret Murray’s theory was assailed by critics such as George Lincoln Burr, Hugh Trevor-Roper and more recently by Keith Thomas. Other scholars, however, insisted that despite the exaggerated claims she made there is still some truth in her theory. One of them, Arno Rune Berg, noted in his book "Witches, Demons and Fertility" (1947) a number of 'ordinary' elements that were cited in descriptions of the Sabbath. This could be an indication there had actually been meetings, which would have transformed into phantasmagoria later, under the influence of the imagination.
Most modern scholars of the history of witchcraft agree that it is very unlikely that such a witch-cult really existed, or that this cult or religion came to an end because the Christian church wanted to eridicate the followers of a pagan tradition. One of these modern critics, social anthropologist Alan Macfarlane criticized Murray's work in his book "". He says that his main criticism on Murray's work is that she used all sorts of things of European folklore, pulling them out of context thus creating a totally wrong image of European witchcraft. He argued that she had taken the things that people believed as a representation of what actually happened. Although in her book she had shown that people believed in a witch-cult, she failed to show that there really had been such a thing. From his own research on witchcraft in Essex Macfarlane concluded that he did not find much of the claims she had made: no traces of a "Sabbath", "Coven" or the "demonic pact" were found, except perhaps with the witch trials of 1645. In his study he had found no evidence that there had been a pagan, underground cult, nor any organization of people who where called witches. Likewise Keith, Thomas criticises Murray for her selective use of evidence and what he calls 'the deficiencies of her historical method'.
Recently, however, feminist scholars have taken up Murray's thesis about persecuted witches in Medieval Europe as members of a religion of the Mother Goddess which originated in the Paleolithic era. Also, professor Tanya Marie Luhrmann's description of modern witches in her book "Persuasions of the Witch's Craft: Ritual Magic in Contemporary England" does not resemble in any way the devil-worshipping creatures to be feared like the ones pictured in the "Malleus Maleficarum".
Influence on modern witchcraft.
Charles Leland's idea of an 'old religion' and Murray's surviving pagan cult would inspire subsequent 20th century modern witchcraft movements like Wicca.

</doc>
<doc id="20207824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207824" title="Greater Poland Regional Assembly">
Greater Poland Regional Assembly

The Greater Poland Regional Assembly () is the regional legislature of the voivodeship of Greater Poland, Poland. It is a unicameral body consists of thirty-nine councillors elected in free elections for a 4-year term. The current chairperson of the assembly is Lech Dymarski. 
The Regional Assembly meets in the Marshal's Office in Poznań.
Districts.
Members of the Assembly are elected from six districts, serve four-year terms. Districts does not have the constituencies formal names. Instead, each constituency has a number, territorial description.

</doc>
<doc id="20207832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207832" title="Talwar (disambiguation)">
Talwar (disambiguation)

A Talwar (also spelled Talwaar) is a type of sword that originated in South Asia during the Muslim Mughal Empire. Talwar is the word for sword or dagger in many of the languages of South Asia. Talwar is also a Pakistani, Indian, and Afghan last name of Punjabi origin, which means sword. 

</doc>
<doc id="20207836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207836" title="Amisan (Gangwon)">
Amisan (Gangwon)

Amisan is a mountain in the county of Hongcheon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20207837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207837" title="Martin Rennie">
Martin Rennie

Martin Rennie is a Scottish football manager who most recently served as head coach of the Vancouver Whitecaps FC of Major League Soccer.
Early life.
Born in Thurso, Scotland to Fiona and Cliff Rennie on 22 May 1975, Martin Rennie spent the first 10 years of his life growing up in Bettyhill where his father was a Church of Scotland minister. In 1985, Rennie's father accepted a call to the Old Parish Church, in Larbert and the family moved there. Rennie was schooled at Ladeside Primary, and Larbert High School, at weekends he would watch Falkirk F.C. play, later becoming a ballboy for the team.
Rennie went on to study for a business degree at Glasgow Caledonian University. In his final year, he received a tryout for the Charlotte Eagles but suffered a cruciate ligament injury to his right knee.
Returning to Scotland, Rennie continued to play for Scottish Junior Football Association teams Dunipace and Bo'ness whilst working in sales and marketing for Blackbaud. With the money earned from his sales and marketing work, Rennie was able to personally pay for his SFA coaching course costs. Rennie quickly rose through the coaching ranks and attained his UEFA ‘A’ License becoming assistant manager at Rosyth F.C. at 26.
Charlotte Eagles had been owned by Christian charity Mission Athletes International and Rennie continue to support their work by running coaching camps with UK arm Ambassadors in Sport(AIS). In 2003 Rennie was asked by AIS to embark on a playing tour of Africa, visiting, Mozambique, Sudan and South Africa. The tour comprised players from the MAI owned teams Charlotte Eagles, Cascade Surge, and Minnesota Thunder as well as selected European players. After returning, Rennie was offered an opportunity to assist with running coaching camps in Salem, Oregon along with coaching the Cascade Surge. Although initially denied the time off his work at Blackbaud, Rennie was finally approached by the CEO who agreed to allow him 4 months because of Rennie's passion for football.
Coaching career.
Cascade Surge.
Rennie took over as Head Coach with the Cascade Surge in Oregon, in 2005. He took the Premier Development League team to the best level of success the franchise experienced during its existence between 1995 and 2009. In his one and only season in charge Rennie led the Surge to the North West Division Title, West Coast Championship Final, US Open Cup Qualification and the Fair Play Award. In 16 games, the Surge won 12 games, and drew 2. Following this success Rennie had to return to his work with Blackbaud, and began to make plans for full-time work with AIS. In 2006 Rennie accepted an invitation to become the a director of AIS, as well as Head Coach of both USL-2 expansion team, the Cleveland City Stars and youth team Ambassadors FC (both owned by AIS).
Cleveland City Stars.
In the club's remarkable first season, the City Stars lost only one game in the entire regular season and drew admiration from all quarters of the US Professional soccer community. Rennie won the coach of the year award in a season where the team allowed a USL all-time record low of 13 goals. The team finished its first season in existence as the runners up in the USL Second Division.
The only way that Rennie could build on the success of 2007 would be to win the 2008 Championship and that is exactly what the Cleveland City Stars Achieved with a 2–1 victory over the Charlotte Eagles in front of a sold out crowd at Krenzler Stadium in Cleveland and live to a TV audience throughout the United States. Again Rennie’s work was recognized in the shape of the coach of the year award. What made the Championship winning success even more impressive was the fact that many of the top young players that Rennie had recruited and coached in 2007 were transferred to professional teams at a higher level before the 2008 season began. Once again at the end of the 2008 season many of the most talented players were recruited by MLS and European teams.
Carolina RailHawks.
These unprecedented levels of coaching success did not go unnoticed and this time the opportunity to coach the Carolina RailHawks from USL 1 was too much to for Rennie to resist. With the Carolina RailHawks he inherited a team that had only made the playoffs once in the history of the Franchise and had never finished above eighth place in a regular season campaign. Rennie decided to completely clean house and only kept 3 players from the previous RailHawks roster. He then completely changed the team culture and environment, introducing psychological, tactical and physical concepts that had never been implemented at this level before. The results were astonishing. In 2009 the team missed out on the regular season title by only 2 points finishing runners up to Portland who recorded one of the best regular season records in the 25 year history of the USL. Rennie was finalist for the coach of the year award and his team was recognized for the incredible turnaround that had taken place in just one season.
In 2010, the RailHawks established themselves as arguably the premier team in US Soccer outside of MLS. The RailHawks won the NASL league title and continued their success all the way into the post season with a run to the Championship final. For a team that had never even scored a playoff goal far less recorded a playoff win throughout the history of the franchise this was an even more impressive achievement. For the fourth year in a row Rennie was recognized as a finalist for the Coach of the Year Award, a feat that has never been achieved before at this level of professional soccer. The RailHawks also broke every franchise record in the book for a single season including conceding only 14 goals and scoring 54.
Rennie attributes much of his coaching success to the leadership and psychological lessons he learned during a hugely successful career in the corporate world as well as the invaluable support he has had from assistant coaches Brian Irvine and Paul Ritchie, both former Scotland national football team players.
Vancouver Whitecaps FC.
Rennie took over head coaching duty of the Vancouver Whitecaps FC on 1 November 2011, shortly after the RailHawks were eliminated from playoffs. His first act was to hold a one week training and evaluation camp to assess the players from the prior Whitecaps FC season. During the off-season, Rennie made more than 25 roster moves, including the acquisitions of Young-Pyo Lee and Martín Bonjour. Rennie has also brought in four players that he previously coached with the RailHawks; Brad Knighton, Etienne Barbara, Matt Watson and Jun Marques Davidson. Rennie's first designated player signing was announced on 16 February 2012, with fellow countryman and Scottish international Barry Robson joined the team in July, once he completed his current campaign with Middlesbrough. Despite an appearance in the 2012 MLS Cup Playoffs, Rennie was not retained after missing the 2013 playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="20207838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207838" title="Gunsight Pass Shelter">
Gunsight Pass Shelter

The Gunsight Pass Shelter in Glacier National Park is a rustic stone building near the treeline. The one-room shelter is equipped with a woodstove. Work began on the shelter in September 1931 and was complete in June 1932 to a design by the National Park Service Landscape Division. The design was inspired by similar cabins built by the Appalachian Mountain Club in the White Mountains of New Hampshire. The shelter is located on the South Loop Trail, itself listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="20207840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207840" title="St Gennys">
St Gennys

St Gennys () is a coastal civil parish and small settlement in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. 
The hamlet of St Gennys is about seven miles (11.3 km) southwest of Bude. It is on high ground half-a-mile north of the coastal village of Crackington Haven, the major settlement in the parish. The only other settlements of any size in the parish are Middle Crackington and Higher Crackington both of which are southeast of Crackington Haven, half-a-mile and one mile distant respectively.
The parish is in Stratton Registration District and the population was 873 in the 2011 census. Several places in the parish are mentioned in the Domesday Book including Crackington (as "Crachemua"), Dizzard (as "Disart") and St Gennys itself (as "Sainguinas" or "Sanwinas")
Away from the coast, St Gennys parish is entirely rural. It is bordered to the north by Poundstock parish, to the east by Jacobstow parish, to the south by Otterham and St Juliot parishes. To the west, St Gennys is bounded by the Atlantic coast where Cornwall's highest cliff (appropriately named High Cliff) rises above the rocky foreshore. Cambeak is a prominent headland and the cliffs at the Strangles are a National Trust property. In one year in the 1820s it is believed 23 ships were wrecked on this part of the coast.
St Gennys lies within the Cornwall Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB). Almost a third of Cornwall has AONB designation, with the same status and protection as a National Park.
Parish church.
The parish church is situated on a sloping site in St Gennys hamlet at . It is dedicated to Saint Genesius. The building is partly Norman with a short one-stage tower topped by a pyramidal roof. The tower houses a ring of four bells. The church was restored in 1871. The arcades of the aisles are partly in granite and partly in Polyphant stone.
Notable residents.
Laurence Braddon (died 1724), was an English politician and writer, the second son of William Braddon of Treworgy in St Gennys.

</doc>
<doc id="20207848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207848" title="Reuben (novel)">
Reuben (novel)

Reuben is a novel by the American writer John Edgar Wideman set in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania during the 1980s. 
The novel tells the story of Reuben, an aging African American who lives in an abandoned trailer, but is a lawyer and go-between on behalf of poor blacks in Homewood, a neighborhood of the East End.
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20207849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207849" title="Pornmaking for Dummies">
Pornmaking for Dummies

Pornmaking for Dummies (; aka The Sex Film) is a 2007 South Korean film. An independent production created by former pornographic film director Kong Ja-kwan, "Pornmaking for Dummies" is a fictional story based on his own personal experiences of working within that industry.
Plot summary.
Jin-gyu, an out of work film school graduate, applies for the position of director with pornographic film company Only4Men. The following day he is hired as an assistant director for a production called "All Nude Boy", and must become accustomed to working with makeshift locations, impromptu settings, and abuse from the general public. The production's lead actress, Sabine, becomes attracted to him, and the two end up spending the night together after a staff dinner. Later, Jin-gyu gets an offer to work on a real film for a major production company.
Release.
"Pornmaking for Dummies" was given a limited release in South Korea from 15 November 2007, and received a total of 498 admissions from seven screens nationwide.

</doc>
<doc id="20207864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207864" title="Landsberg–Schaar relation">
Landsberg–Schaar relation

In number theory and harmonic analysis, the Landsberg–Schaar relation (or identity) is the following equation, which is valid for arbitrary positive integers "p" and "q":
Although both sides are mere finite sums, no proof by entirely finite methods has yet been found. The standard way to prove it is to put formula_2, where formula_3 in this identity due to Jacobi (which is essentially just a special case of the Poisson summation formula in classical harmonic analysis):
and then let formula_5
If we let "q" = 1, the identity reduces to a formula for the quadratic Gauss sum modulo "p".
The Landsberg–Schaar identity can be rephrased more symmetrically as
provided that we add the hypothesis that "pq" is an even number.

</doc>
<doc id="20207889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207889" title="Classic Campbell">
Classic Campbell

Classic Campbell is a 3 disc compilation album issued by EMI in 2006, consisting of hit singles, album tracks and a few previously unreleased recordings (that first surfaced on the 1995 "The Essential Glen Campbell Volume One", "Two" and "Three" series) from the sixties and the seventies. One album track makes its CD debut here, the instrumental "Wimoweh (The Lion Sleeps Tonight)", from "The Astounding 12-String Guitar of Glen Campbell" (1963).
Track listing.
Disc 1:
Disc 2:
Disc 3:
Charts.
Album - Billboard (United States)
Classic Campbell did not chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20207891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207891" title="Ansan (Gangwon)">
Ansan (Gangwon)

Ansan () is a mountain in the county of Inje, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It is in the north-western area of Seoraksan National Park. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20207893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207893" title="Uncial 0161">
Uncial 0161

Uncial 0161 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 019 (von Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 8th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of Matthew 22:7-46, on one parchment leaf (22 cm by 16 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 37 lines per page, in small uncial letters. It is a palimpsest, the upper text contains Greek notes, bound with the minuscule codex 1419.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed, but with strong the Byzantine element. Aland placed it in Category III.
It was the last uncial manuscript classified by Caspar René Gregory. Gregory saw it in 1904.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 8th century.
The codex currently is housed at the Εθνική Βιβλιοθήκη (139, ff. 245-246) in Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="20207902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207902" title="Gorky Park (Taganrog)">
Gorky Park (Taganrog)

The Gorky Park is a municipal park of culture and recreation in the city of Taganrog.
History.
On June 30, 1806, the first trees were planted for the Taganrog’s "Chemist’s garden" and "botanical garden" by the order of Taganrog’s governor baron Balthasar von Campenhausen. In 1825, Russian Emperor Alexander I and the Empress Consort Elizabeth Alexeievna (Louise of Baden) often went for a walk in the garden during their stay in the city. Anton Chekhov who frequently visited the garden in his youth years and during his visits to Taganrog wrote in one of his letters to his sister Maria Chekhova: "Was in the garden. The music played. The garden is magnificent". In 1895 the project of the new garden’s planning according to new European standards was approved. 
In 1903, Monument to Peter the Great was placed on Petrovskaya Street in front of the main entrance to the park. In the early 20th century, a rotunda with a concert hall facing the Petrovskaya Street was built.
In 1924, the Peter the Great monument was dismantled and removed. In 1932, the municipal garden became the Park of Culture and Recreation and in 1934 it was named Gorky Park after Maxim Gorky. In 1941-1943, during the Occupation of Taganrog, the City Park was partially destroyed and was used by the occupation forces of Nazi Germany as cemetery ("Der Deutsche Heldenfriedhof"). In 1963, the Taganrog’s Gorky Park was awarded the title of “The Best Park of Culture and Recreation of the Soviet Union”. In 2006, the Gorky Park celebrated its bicentenary anniversary. In 2008 a sculptural composition "The Egyptian Pyramid" dedicated to Anton Chekhov's Kashtanka short story was unveiled at the entrance to Gorky Park from Maliy Sadoviy Pereulok.

</doc>
<doc id="20207913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207913" title="Baegamsan (Gangwon)">
Baegamsan (Gangwon)

Baegamsan is a mountain in the counties of Hongcheon and Inje, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of . 

</doc>
<doc id="20207918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207918" title="Lower Logging Lake Snowshoe Cabin and Boathouse">
Lower Logging Lake Snowshoe Cabin and Boathouse

The Lower Logging Lake Snowshoe Cabin and Boathouse were built in 1933 in Glacier National Park near the southwestern end of Logging Lake. The National Park Service Rustic boathouse stores rangers' canoes for patrolling the lake and their journeys between Upper and Lower Logging Lake patrol cabins. The Lower Logging Lake snowshoe cabin is nearby. They are a significant resources both architecturally and historically, constructed for backcountry patrols.
The Lower Logging Lake cabin was built by Austin Weikert, Ace Powell and Asa Peckfrom a standard Park Service plan G-931, designed by landscape architect Charles E. Peterson.

</doc>
<doc id="20207925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207925" title="Aleš Řebíček">
Aleš Řebíček

Aleš Řebíček (; born on 14 April 1967 in Kladno) is a Czech politician. In 2006 he was elected a member of the Chamber of Deputies and from September 2006 to January 2009 he was the Minister of Transport.
Řebíček is a graduate of the University of Transport and Communications in Žilina. He's married and has three sons.
He is currently a major stockholder of the football club SK Slavia Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="20207938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207938" title="Diego (surname)">
Diego (surname)

Diego (or de Diego) can be, apart from a given name, also a Spanish surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20207946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207946" title="Baegusan">
Baegusan

Baegusan is a mountain in the county of Hongcheon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20207949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207949" title="Kern Resolution">
Kern Resolution

The Kern Resolution, sponsored by Sen. John W. Kern (D) of Indiana and adopted on May 27th, 1913, called for an investigation into the then ongoing Paint Creek-Cabin Creek strike of 1912 in West Virginia. 
The resolution would “"seek to determine if a system of peonage existed in the strike zone, if immigration or postal laws were being violated, if strikers were being prosecuted contrary to Federal law, and if certain other conditions existed."”

</doc>
<doc id="20207963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207963" title="Marlborough (New Zealand electorate)">
Marlborough (New Zealand electorate)

Marlborough is a former New Zealand parliamentary electorate, in the Marlborough region at the top of the South Island. It existed from 1938 to 1996, and was represented by five Members of Parliament.
Population centres.
The 1931 census had been cancelled due to the Great Depression, so the 1937 electoral redistribution had to take ten years of population growth into account. The increasing population imbalance between the North and South Islands had slowed, and only one electorate seat was transferred from south to north. Five electorates were abolished, one former electorate () was re-established, and four electorates were created for the first time, including Marlborough. The Marlborough electorate replaced the electorate, which had more or less the same shape as Wairau had had since the 1927 electoral redistribution. For the purposes of the country quota, the 1936 census had determined that some 27% of the population lived in urban areas, and the balance in rural areas.
Settlements that were covered by the original electorate included Havelock, Picton, Blenheim, and Kaikoura. It is a noted wine area where grapes are grown for wine.
History.
The electorate was created in 1938, replacing the Wairau electorate. Edwin Meachen of the Labour Party, who had previously represented Wairau, was the first representative. In the , Meachen was defeated by National's Tom Shand.
In 1996 with the advent of MMP the electorate was included into the Kaikōura electorate. The then MP Doug Kidd was the first MP for Kaikōura.
Members of Parliament.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="20207968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207968" title="BodyKom">
BodyKom

BodyKom is a mobile heart monitoring service that enable care personnel to receive the ECG of heart patients via the mobile network. The patients can be mobile and perform their everyday activities yet remain under observation. The caregiver receives diagnosis data immediately when the patient’s heart starts acting abnormally. Through a backend system the clinician can set patient individual limits to support finding the abnormal heart functionality for the patient. Measures can be initiated automatically, for example by notifying the clinician and informing relatives.
The use of BodyKom does not require any change in the care routines at the hospital, other than the patient getting a new type of patient kit which includes ECG electrodes, a small portable sensor and a smart cell phone. Monitoring data is collected by the sensor and is wirelessly transferred to the cell phone. The ECG data is then transferred via the mobile network to a decision support system for adjustment and then forwarded to the caregivers system for analysis. From a medical and technical point of view the patient is connected in the same way as with conventional ECG methods, like using a Holter monitor.
BodyKom was developed by Kiwok in cooperation with Karolinska University Hospital in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20207969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207969" title="Urmston Musical Theatre">
Urmston Musical Theatre

Urmston Musical Theatre (UMT) is an amateur theatre company based in Urmston, Greater Manchester, UK.
History.
The organisation was formed in 1911 as the Urmston and District Operatic Society, and produced "H.M.S. Pinafore" at the Urmston Public Hall. In 1947, the name was changed to the Urmston Amateur Operatic Society which remained until it assumed the current name.
Several well-known personalities have been connected with the society, notably the current President, Matthew Kelly, who appeared in the society's 1963 production of "The King and I" along with Peter Pennington, who became a featured soloist with the "Black and White Minstrels". Others include Brian Trueman who appeared in the group's production of "Merrie England" in 1951, the late Lord Winstanley and Winston Churchill MP, grandson of the wartime leader and son of Randolph Churchill MBE.
In 1958, 1959 and 1960, the society won the Manchester Evening News Prompter's Palm award for their productions of "Carousel", "Oklahoma!" and "Magyar Melody" respectively. The society has also been nominated in the Manchester Musical Awards on a number of occasions for both overall and individual performances. In 1995, they won the "Best Musical" award for their production of "Camelot".
Junior members aged between 8 years and 18 years, in addition to being involved in some of the main shows and pantomimes, have presented a variety of musicals in their own right since 1993 including "The Wizard of Oz", "Bugsy Malone", "Andy Capp", "Copperfield", and "Dazzle".
In the early 1930s, the theatre almost closed when reserves fell to £3, but for the enthusiasm and dedication of its members and patrons.

</doc>
<doc id="20207976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207976" title="Iota Alpha Pi">
Iota Alpha Pi

Iota Alpha Pi (ΙΑΠ) was an international collegiate sorority operating in the United States and Canada from 1903 to July 1971. The founders were Hannah Finkelstein Swick, Olga Edelstein Ecker, Sadie April Glotzer, Rose Posner Bernstein, Rose Delson Hirschman, May Finkelstein Spielgel, and Frances Zellermayer Delson.
History.
Iota Alpha Pi was the first national sorority for Jewish women. In March 1903, on the campus of Hunter College, seven young women created a new sorority (Bairds, p. 807). J.A.P., or "Jay-ay-peez", focused on religious education and settlement house work. Nine years later, with the new name Iota Alpha Pi, the members began the traditional sorority expansion process. Iota grew slowly and steadily for the next sixty years. Canadian chapters were chartered; Manitoba had a particularly prosperous chapter.
Iota joined the National Panhellenic Conference as an associate member; the date is unknown. Although many chapters were planted, Iota Alpha Pi could not keep up with its rapidly growing competitors.
Historian Marianne Sanua recounts the life of Iota Alpha Pi in her book, Going Greek: Jewish College Fraternities in the United States, 1895- 1945. The sorority was "not for the especially popular, affluent, or snobbish, but just a group of good friends" (p. 81) The American Jewish Yearbook 5692 describes the sorority as Jewish in a positive way" (p. 197). This accolade probably stems from Iota's studies on women in the Bible. 
By 1966, Iota Alpha Pi had granted a total 23 charters. A report by Wilson Heller indicates that the sorority was strong until 1968. Heller posits that the sorority saw dramatic declines in membership, particularly with the cessation of the "Christians only" clause in non-Jewish organizations. 
In 1969, Iota Alpha Pi had new chapters at the University of Maryland College Park and Hunter College Park Avenue. 
In July 1971, the international headquarters voted to disband Iota Alpha Pi (Heller). 
As of 2008, some alumni continue to hold reunions and other events. However, no formal organization exists to coordinate these gatherings.
Insignia.
The original name of the sorority was J.A.P. Their publication was "The J.A.P. Bulletin". With the name change to Iota Alpha Pi, the magazine was also renamed: "The Heights". Fraternal history buffs have speculated the secret meaning of J.A.P. The likeliest answer is "Just a Plain Sorority". 
The first official badge was a scarlet horizontal diamond surrounded by seed pearls. The scarlet diamond bore the letters Ι Α and Π, in gold. Above the Α, in gold, was a skull and crossbones. Later versions of the badge included two full blown roses at the points of the diamond. 
Baird's (1991), lists the official colors as red and black. 
The official coat-of-arms is described as " a diamond of scarlet surrounded by jewels" (Butterfield, 1931).
Chapters.
1903 Α Hunter College (1913)
1913 Β Hunter College (1965)
1913 Γ Brooklyn Law (1946) by 1969 Brooklyn Law School no longer had a chapter although the date it was disbanded is uncertain.
1922 Δ NYU Washington Square 
1922 Ε New Jersey Law School (1942)
1926 Ζ Adelphi University 
1927 Η University of Denver (1942)
1929 Κ University of Toronto (1956)
1930 Ι Long Island University 
1931 Λ Brooklyn College
1932 Μ University of Manitoba (1965)
1935 Ν Wayne State University 
1938 Ο Queens College 
1942 Π Syracuse
1946 Ρ Miami University Ohio (1956)
1946 Σ Temple University 
1947 Υ Rider College (1955)
1955 Φ University of Illinois 
1960 Ψ NYU University Heights (1965)
1962 ΒΑ Penn State 
Additional chapters:
1965 ΒΒ CCNY
1966 ΒΔ Cornell
ΒΕ C.W. Post
University of Maryland at College Park
Hunter College Park Avenue

</doc>
<doc id="20207977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207977" title="Sabath Act">
Sabath Act

The Sabath Act was a Federal law that established an immigrant protection network.
Provisions.
It was sponsored by Rep. Adolph J. Sabath (D) of Illinois. The act (passed in July, 1913) established Federal Bureaus at railroad junctures and stations to protect immigrants from local nativists and to aid newly arrived immigrants to the United States who were traveling cross-country to their final destinations. The government rented buildings near the stations and equipped them with reception rooms, baths, laundry, and beds. After the immigration restrictions of the early 1920s, Congress failed to appropriate any further funds for the act and, while still on the books, it fell into disuse.

</doc>
<doc id="20207986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207986" title="BHUMI (organization)">
BHUMI (organization)

Bhumi is a non-profit youth volunteer organisation of students and young professionals providing supplementary education for underprivileged children at orphanages and community centres in India. Members of this group, all of whom are under 30, teach computer skills, English, maths and science and also provide career counselling, volunteering two hours every weekend. Bhumi's environmental initiatives highlight the group's resolve to take immediate action against climate change. Bhumi has established itself as a front-ranking charity organisation that helps poor children to realise their potential, raise their aspirations and recognize their achievements.
History.
Bhumi was started in 2006 by a few students and young professionals in the Indian city of Chennai. Bhumi started working with children at orphanages in and around Chennai in the field of supplementary education. To date BHUMI has around 500 active volunteers across India, working with over 5,000 children in fifteen orphanages, two schools, two village community centres that cater to six villages and three slum community centres.
Approach.
BHUMI Volunteers are college students and young professional working voluntarily to provide English and computer education in selected orphanages. The methodology of teaching is mostly informal which incorporates the idea of "learn while you play".
Initiatives.
Kanini.
"Kanini" in Tamil means "computer". Started in June 2007, the said purpose of Kanini is "to take the magical world of computers to less privileged children". Under Kanini, volunteers work with children in orphanages to provide them basic and advanced Computer education. Currently, BHUMI's teaching programmes are going on at 8 orphanages, slum and rural communities across Chennai involving over 400 Children.
Kanini has a well-structured syllabus with courses that cater to children’s varying requirements, interests and aptitudes. The basic 40-hour course package consists of introduction to the Computer, MS-DOS, basic software and hardware, Microsoft Office tools and the Internet. Advanced packages deal with programming languages like C, C++, Java, HTML, Photoshop etc.
Make a Difference.
"Make a Difference" is a project in collaboration with Make A Difference which aims at providing quality English and softskills education to underprivileged children so as to bridge the gap between them and those who get educated from public schools. The project aims to build the communication ability and confidence of children so that they can stand at par with the rest of the world. High quality English learning materials developed by the Cambridge University Press: 'Cambridge English for Schools' is used and the volunteers are trained by CELTA accredited trainers before they can start teaching. The textbooks and workbooks with ample exercises give the children an opportunity to inculcate an interest to learn the language. While Certificate in English Language Teaching to Adults (CELTA) accredited professionals provide the basic training to all our volunteers, experienced volunteers with an aptitude to teach mentor their peers during the course of the year. The Make a Difference programme has been awarded the prestigious Staples Youth Social Entrepreneur award 2008 (beating 521 entrants from 61 countries) by Ashoka’s Changemakers for its innovative and successful teaching methodology.
Lakshaya.
Lakshaya is an experiential learning leadership programme which pairs underprivileged children with volunteers who act as their mentors and role models. The programme helps the children realise their potential and transforms the volunteers into more socially aware leaders.DnE is modelled on mentorship programmes like the Big Brothers Big Sisters (USA), Perach (Israel) and Dronacharya & Ekalavya (Hyderabad, India).
Tutors conduct classes for small batches for four hours every week, helping the children build a strong academic foundation and providing an impetus to continued education through improved academic performances.
Mentors meet mentees for two hours every week and assist them with school or home work, listen to their problems and support them in challenges they encounter. In the process, mentors instil self-confidence and the ability to solve one’s own problem in the children.
Mentors undergo a training programme in personal mastery, transformational communication, problem solving, situational leadership, creative entrepreneurship and group learning cycles developed in collaboration with renowned experts from across the country.
Little Einsteins.
Little Einsteins is an activity based learning programme that focuses on the conceptual understanding and learning of mathematics and science. The programme exposes them to an array of topics beyond the scope of their text books. To ensure better understanding and retention, multimedia tools and live demonstration of experiments are used. The course structure has an integrated testing system which enables effective assessment and monitoring of a child’s progress.
Siragugal.
"Siragugal" in Tamil means wings is an inter-orphanage Art, Cultural and Science talent Fest to bring out the children’s creative talents held in Chennai. Siragugal, a two-day talent fest held every year has an array of competitive activities to ensure that children of all age groups from orphanages across Chennai, Kanchipuram and Thiruvallur districts participatedand gained immensely by competing against their peers. The 50 different arts and cultural competitions- including flower arrangement, pot painting, clay modelling, elocution, solo / group dance and song etc. and athletic and sporting competitions like sprint, high jump, shot put, volley ball, chess etc. are structured for various age groups to facilitate maximum participation. The event is peppered with entertainment, games and a science exhibition to keep the children busy even while they were not competing.
The identified talent will be nurtured through constant support from our initiatives like Joy to the World and specialised individual support for those children.
The second edition of Siragugal saw the participation of 915 children from 37 orphanages across Chennai, Kanchipuram and Tiruvallur on 11 July 2010.,
The third edition of Siragugal saw the participation of 1,500 children from 40 orphanages across Chennai, Kanchipuram and Tiruvallur on 11 July 2010.
Corporate Social Responsibility.
Bhumi Supports the Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives of companies like Cognizant Technological Solutions, Dassault Sytemes etc. in Chennai

</doc>
<doc id="20207989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207989" title="Newlands Labor Act">
Newlands Labor Act

The Newlands Labor Act, was sponsored by Senator Francis G. Newlands of Nevada and drafted by Bureau of Labor Statistics Commissioner Charles Patrick Neill. It created the Board of Mediation and Conciliation (BMC).
History.
The BMC under U.S. Commerce and District Court Judge Martin Augustine Knapp and assisted by U.S. Alabama District Court Judge and Commissioner William Lea Chambers adjusted and arbitrated disputes between railroad companies and their operating employees, where those disputes threatened to interrupt operation of the carriers to the “serious detriment of the public interest." Voluntary arbitration was also provided for those disputes that could not be settled by mediation.
The BMC was the precursor to today’s National Mediation Board (NMB). It was functionally replaced on December 26, 1917, by the creation of the Railroad Administration, though it continued to exist with its activities restricted to short-line railroads. It was technically replaced by the Railroad Labor Board created by the Esch-Cummins Transportation Act of February 28, 1920, and its activities ceased after the agency’s failure to secure necessary money in the Appropriations bill of June 30, 1921. On May 20, 1926, the Newlands Labor Act was repealed and the BMC was formally replaced with the Railroad Labor Act and its Board of Mediation.

</doc>
<doc id="20207990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20207990" title="Channel M News">
Channel M News

Channel M News was a regional television news service covering the ten boroughs of Greater Manchester, produced by Channel M, partly in conjunction with the Manchester Evening News. 
Launched in 2004, "Channel M News" aired each weekday evening alongside a weekly review programme and occasional documentary specials. Breakfast, lunchtime and late evening news bulletins were also produced throughout the programme's run.
"Channel M News" was produced and broadcast from the station's studios at Urbis and the MEN Media newsroom at Spinningfields in Manchester City Centre. The programme had previously been pre-recorded from small temporary studios in The Triangle shopping centre, The Printworks entertainment complex and Urbis before going live from a new, larger studio at Urbis in May 2006, looking out towards Cathedral Gardens and the Manchester Victoria railway station.
The final evening edition of "Channel M News" was broadcast on Friday 10 July 2009. From Monday 13 July 2009, the station's news coverage was incorporated into "Channel M Today", a three-hour topical magazine programme on weekdays.

</doc>
<doc id="20208000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208000" title="St. Martin Parish School Board">
St. Martin Parish School Board

The St. Martin Parish School Board (SMPSB) is an entity responsible for the operation of public schools in St. Martin Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is headquartered in the city of St. Martinville.
Lottie Beebe in 2013 was appointed superintendent of the St. Martin Parish schools. She is also a current Republican member of the Louisiana Board of Elementary and Secondary Education and a former Democratic member of the St. Landry Parish School Board.
Schools.
St. Martin Parish consists of two non-contiguous areas. 16 schools are in "Upper St. Martin Parish" and one school, Stephensville Elementary School, is in "Lower St. Martin Parish."

</doc>
<doc id="20208001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208001" title="People of the Cumberland">
People of the Cumberland

People of the Cumberland is a 1937 short film directed by Sidney Meyers and Jay Leyda and produced by Frontier Films. The film is designed to support the U.S. labor union movement and it mixes non-fiction filmmaking and dramatic re-enactions.
Plot.
The film takes place in rural Tennessee, where communities have experienced economic and environmental devastation created by the coal mining industry. The introduction of the Highlander Folk School in 1931 by educator Myles Horton and the movement to bring labor union representation to the region are shown as means of empowering the population. Efforts are made to stop the union activities with the murder of a local organizer, but eventually the union movement is able to take root with the local workforce.
Production.
"People of the Cumberland" was part of a series of motion pictures created by Frontier Films, a collective of documentary filmmakers who focused on subjects relating to political and economic hardship. Frontier Films originally begin in 1931 as the New York Film and Photo League before changing its name in 1937. The collective focused on short films and disbanded in 1942 after producing its only feature-length production, "Native Land".
"People of the Cumberland" had two directors, Sidney Meyers and Jay Leyda, who used the pseudonyms “Robert Stebbins” and “Eugene Hill” for their screen credit, and Elia Kazan served as assistant director.
The film used actors to recreate the April 30, 1933, murder of Barney Graham, president of the local United Mine Workers. Other events depicted in the film, including square dancing at the Highlander Folk School and a Fourth of July rally at La Follette, Tennessee, used the actual residents of the Cumberland region.
Reception.
When "People of the Cumberland" had its New York theatrical premiere in 1938, film critic Frank S. Nugent of "The New York Times" dismissed it by calling it “a propaganda film–rather than a documentary...it doesn’t carry much conviction as propaganda and not much weight as a film.”
Film historian Russell Campbell, in his book "Cinema Strikes Back: Radical Filmmaking in the United States 1930-1942," criticized the film's People's Front ideology and argued that "square dancing and hog calling, delightful as they are, are no substitute for serious political thinking.”

</doc>
<doc id="20208002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208002" title="Prabhat Roy">
Prabhat Roy

Prabhat Roy () is a noted Indian Bengali film director. His first directorial debut film Pratidan was released in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20208007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208007" title="Puzzlegeddon">
Puzzlegeddon

Puzzlegeddon is a puzzle/strategy video game, made by Swedish developer Pieces Interactive. It was released for Microsoft Windows on November 27, 2008, for Xbox Live Arcade on December 16, 2009, and for PlayStation Network on December 17, 2009.
Gameplay.
In the game, users play on a puzzle board made up of 6 × 6 blocks. The points, or resources, accumulated on the puzzle board is then used to purchase abilities which are used to attack and defend against opponents spread out over a globe.
The main game screen is centered around a view of a globe that is located in one of various galaxies. In the center of this globe the puzzle board is located and along the horizon of the globe each player is located. All interaction with the game is done by using the mouse to click on the different elements appearing on the globe.
The gameplay is based around matches between up to 6 players or computer controlled players. The game supports multiplayer matches over the Internet or over LAN.
History.
Participating with an early version of the game, "Puzzlegeddon" won "Best PC Game" during the 2007 Swedish Game Awards.
Reception.
Go Fanboy gave the game 8 out of 10. They commented that the game was easily worth the low price despite some minor flaws.

</doc>
<doc id="20208015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208015" title="Martin Říman">
Martin Říman

Martin Říman (born on 11 May 1961 in Frýdek-Místek) is a Czech politician. In 1996-1998 he was a Minister of Transport. In 2002 he was elected a member of the Chamber of Deputies and since from September 2006 to May 2009, he was Minister of Industry and Trade.
Říman is a graduate of Brno University of Technology. He is married and his wife is a high-school teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="20208024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208024" title="Baegunsan (North Chungcheong/Gangwon)">
Baegunsan (North Chungcheong/Gangwon)

Baegunsan is a mountain between the provinces of Gangwon-do and Chungcheongbuk-do in South Korea. Its area extends into the cities of Wonju and Jecheon. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20208032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208032" title="Nonconformity">
Nonconformity

Nonconformity may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20208033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208033" title="John Ibeh">
John Ibeh

John Ike Ibeh (born April 16, 1986 in Port Harcourt) is a Nigerian footballer currently playing for Aris Thessaloniki in the Greek Superleague as a Left midfielder. 
Club Career.
The young left midfielder can play on either wing and is often picked out due to his good technique. Ibeh previously played at Hapoel Tel Aviv in Israel, AFC Amsterdam, He began his career at Hapoel Tel Aviv and moved in 2005 to FC Amsterdam. After two years he left Amsterdam and moved for 600.000 € to UTA Arad. He signed for Otelul Galati in early 2009.
In the 2010-2011 he won the Romanian Championship with Oţelul Galaţi, playing in 9 games and scoring once. In the 2011-2012 UEFA Champions League he played 2 games for Oţelul Galaţi in the group stage. In the middle of the 2011-2012 Liga I season he moved to Pandurii Târgu Jiu.

</doc>
<doc id="20208038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208038" title="Ford Creek Patrol Cabin">
Ford Creek Patrol Cabin

The Ford Creek Patrol Cabin in Glacier National Park was built in 1928. The National Park Service Rustic log structure is a significant resource both architecturally and historically as a network of shelters, approx. one day's travel apart, for patrolling backcountry rangers.
The Ford Creek cabin was the first of four identical cabins built to National Park Service plan G913 in 1928-29 by private contractors, described as "good log men", at a total cost of $350.

</doc>
<doc id="20208046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208046" title="Oliverotto Euffreducci">
Oliverotto Euffreducci

Oliverotto Euffreducci, known as Oliverotto of Fermo (1475, Fermo - 31 December 1502) was an Italian condottiero and ruler of Fermo during the pontificate of Alexander VI. His career is described in Niccolò Machiavelli's "Il Principe".
Biography.
Early life and rise.
Euffreducci was born in Fermo.
During his childhood, he was brought up by his uncle, Giovanni Fogliani after he was left fatherless. He was sent to serve as a soldier under the condottiero Paolo Vitelli in order to win high command. After Paolo's death, Oliverotto soldiered under his brother, Vitellozzo Vitelli, and became his commander. As his ambition grew, Oliverotto wanted to seize Fermo for himself. In 1495, he associated with Paolo Vitelli and fought with him first at Pisa and then in Naples for the French. A few years later, Oliverotto and Vitelli were fighting against the Venetians. In 1499, the two were fighting for the Florentines against Pisa, but both were accused of treason by Florence. Vitelli was summarily put to death while Oliverotto was spared due to the intervention of the government of Fermo. He then united with Vitellozzo Vitelli, Paolo's brother, and both went into the service of Cesare Borgia. Consequently, he wrote to his uncle, claiming he wanted to meet him. Suspecting no foul play from his nephew, Fogliani brought the citizens of Fermo and lodged him in his own mansion. Soon, Oliverotto prepared a formal banquet in which he invited the prominent people of Fermo and his uncle. As Machiavelli put it:
Then, Oliverotto laid siege to the palace of the governing council, and, having scared them all, set up a government in the form of a dictatorship. Later, he made himself a formidable ruler to all of his neighboring states.
Downfall and legacy.
In May 1502, Oliverotto conquered Camerino for Cesare Borgia. However, realizing that the Duke was becoming stronger, he attended the meeting at La Magione with Paolo and Francesco Orsini, Rodolfo Baglioni, Pandolfo Petrucci, Vitelli and others, on 9 October. Although Oliverotto was against Paolo Orsini's line of reconciliation with Cesare Borgia, he nonetheless took Senigallia in Cesare's name. But this didn't change Borgia's secret design, and the Duke had him arrested and strangled, together with Vitellozzo Vitelli, on 31 December 1502. Oliverotto was succeeded as ruler by his son Ludovico, who ruled until he was killed at the Battle of Monto Giorgio in 1520, when Fermo became again directly subjected to the Holy See.
As with Agathocles of Greece, he is immortalised in Machiavelli's "The Prince" as one of the leaders who gained power via criminal means. He is portrayed as a violent and cunning character.

</doc>
