<doc id="20490589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20490589" title="VfL Neckarau">
VfL Neckarau

VfL Neckarau is a German association football club from the district of Neckarau in the city of Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg.
__TOC__
History.
Foundation and early years.
The current day club came out of a long string of mergers of predecessor sides. On 9 September 1907, "Fuβball-Club Germania 1904" and "Fuβball-Club Allemannia 1905" united to form "Fuβball-Vereinigung 1907 Neckarau". In 1921, "FV" in turn merged with the gymnastics clubs "Turnverein 1884 Neckarau" and "Turnerbund Jahn Neckarau" (which had formed its own football department in 1914), while playing in the Kreisliga Odenwald. The newly formed association was known as "Verein für Leibesübungen 1884 Neckarau". The following year "Athletik-Sportverein Neckarau" became part of the club, while earlier partner "TV Jahn Neckarau" became an independent club again in 1924.
Into the top flight.
The first appearance by "VfL" on the national stage came with their participation in the regional Süddeutschland qualifying round for the German championship in 1927. They again took part in qualification play in 1929 and 1932, but came away unsuccessful each time. Following the reorganization of German football into 16 top-flight divisions under the Third Reich in 1933, "Neckarau" became part of the Gauliga Baden (I).
They remained in first division play until the end of World War II in 1945. In 1939, the team narrowly missed demotion. Despite being beaten 2:0 by "SpVgg Sandhofen" in relegation play, they avoided being sent down when league reorganization expanded their division allowing "VfL" to stay up in the Gauliga Baden-Staffel Nord. They rebounded and took the division title in 1941, but were quickly eliminated from the national playoffs after a poor showing in their qualification group. They also made their only appearance in national cup play that year when they took part in the opening round of the Tschammerpokal, predecessor to today's German Cup (DFB-Pokal), where they were eliminated 0:4 by "FV Metz". From 1943–45, "VfL" played as part of the combined wartime side "Kriegspielgemeinschaft Neckarau" alongside "SpVgg Mannheim".
Post war.
Following the conflict, the club was re-established as "VfL 1884 Mannheim-Neckarau". The renewed association included the memberships of "TV Jahn Neckarau" and "Arbeiter Turn- Sportverein Neckarau", a worker's club which had been disbanded in 1933 as politically undesirable under the Nazi regime. The footballers captured the title in the Landesliga Nordbaden (II) in 1946 and advanced to first division play in the Oberliga Süd. They fared poorly in their next two campaigns and were sent down in 1948. The following season, a vice-championship in the Landesliga was followed by a failed promotion attempt. "VfL" captured the division in 1950 and then beat "TSG Ulm" 3:0 to return to the Oberliga Süd (I). They struggled through the 50s, lasting only two seasons in the Oberliga before slipping through the Landesliga and into lower level play. Fritz Balogh appeared for the national side in 1950 in their first international after World War II.
The team resurfaced in the Amateurliga Nordbaden (III) in 1957–58, capturing a title there, but failing in their bid to win promotion to second tier competition. They remained in the Amateurliga until 1964, capturing the title there again in 1962, before crashing to a 15th place finish and falling to the Landesliga Rhein-Nord (IV). "Neckarau" again rebounded and advanced to the Regionalliga Süd (II) to play a single season in 1968–69. After a second place finish in the Amateurliga Nordbaden the next year, the club took part in the national amateur championship and advanced as far as the semifinals where they were put out by "SC Jülich" (1:0, 1:3).
The club played in the Amateurliga Nordbaden (III) through the 70s and 80s, becoming a fourth division side after league restructuring in 1978. "VfL" slipped to lower tier play in 1990 and is currently part of the Landesliga Rhein-Neckar (VII) after spending some time in the Kreisliga Mannheim (VIII), now under the name of VfL Kurpfalz Mannheim-Neckarau.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:

</doc>
<doc id="20490594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20490594" title="Aftermath (American band)">
Aftermath (American band)

Aftermath is a heavy metal band from Chicago formed in 1985. They have released two studio albums under two monikers and been involved in several compilation projects. They subsequently changed their name to Mother God Moviestar after a trademark dispute in which the band sued the rapper Dr. Dre.
History.
Aftermath was a Chicago-based thrash metal band during the 1980s and 1990s. Its demos landed them in all of the top metal magazines around the world, including Kerrang, Metal Hammer, RIP, Raw and Metal Forces. Its "Words that Echo Fear" demo was picked by music journalist Don Kaye as one of the Ten Best Demos of the Year. The band's debut "Eyes of Tomorrow" has been released by multiple labels during the years and their demos continue to generate interest and fans around the world.
The Demos.
Chicago based Aftermath, fronted by the Greece born Kyriakos "Charlie" Tsiolis, formed in October 1985 when Charlie and his schoolmate Steve Sacco (Guitar) got together. This early incarnation with Adam (Bass) and Ray Schmidt (Drums) issued their first demo called 'Sentenced To Death' in 1986 featuring 'Sentenced to Death', 'Revenge', 'Shotgun' and 'The Aftermath'.
In 1987, they unleashed their second demo entitled ‘Killing The Future’ featuring the tracks ‘When Will You Die’, ‘Going No Place’, ‘Chaos’, ‘Meltdown’ and ‘War For Freedom’. The band pursued a mind blowing speed and technical brand of Thrash that soon set them apart from the pack.
The tracks "War For Freedom" & "When Will You Die" were both featured on the British ‘Metal Forces’ magazine compilation LP ‘Demolition: Scream Your Brains Out’ in 1988 Metal Forces. The LP featured tracks from "Leviathan" (Chris Barnes(Six Feet Under) on Vocals), "Hobbs' Angel Of Death", "Anacrusis & Atrophy". The appearance on the Metal Forces' compilation further expanded the band's international appeal.
By 1988, the musical direction was changing and Adam's raw and simple bass lines would soon be replaced with complex and technical bass parts handled at first by John Lovette. Ironically, John never played bass on any Aftermath recording and wasn't even a bass player. However, he wanted to join the band so badly, he came to the audition with a friend's bass he had just started to play. The speed and complex playing he displayed was something none of the members had ever seen before on bass. He landed the gig that day. When the band decided it was time to add a second guitarist, Lovette told his band mates of his desire to switch to guitar and for the first time he came clean, he was a guitar player pretending to be a bass player all along. His bass playing was surpassed by his guitar skills, the band found its second guitar player, but unfortunately, the search for a bass player was back on. Luckily, the search (for the time being, anyway) ended with Danny Vega. His warm and precise playing was the perfect complement to the guitar playing of Lovette and Sacco and worked amazingly well with Schmidt's powerful drumming. With Lovette handling most of the song writing duties, Aftermath was about to make an unbelievable musical change.
By 1989, that change brought on by Lovette's writing and the band's musical tastes and stylings had slowed and matured as evidenced by the release of the underground classic demo ‘Words That Echo Fear’.
The 1990s.
As the new decade approached and their international underground success continued to increase, Aftermath was about to embark on the search for yet another bass player (Chris Waldron), label negotiations, label bankruptcy, the recording of their debut and a trademark battle.
The Eyes of Tomorrow saga.
In 1990, based on the huge international success of the Words that Echo Fear demo, the metal label RoadRacer Records (a subsidiary of Roadrunner Records) approached the band for a demo deal, which resulted in a live four track demo featuring the songs ‘Eyes of Tomorrow’, ‘Afraid Of Time’, ‘The Act Of Unspoken Wisdom’ and 'Reflecting Pictures". Negotiations eventually broke down and Aftermath signed to New York’s Big Chief Records. The label's collapse halfway through the recording sessions led to a long delay in finishing the record. While the band struggled to pay the studio bill, the album the band started to record in 1990 would not see the light of day for four years. The experience left the band reeling and forced them to issue the album under their own steam with the help of their manager through Zoid Recordings in 1994. Four long years had passed since the initial recordings for the record"Eyes Of Tomorrow" and the scene had changed.
The album was subsequently re-released on Thermometer Sound Surface / Zoid and released yet again four years later on Black Lotus Records in a remastered version.
Trademark dispute.
Quite famously, Aftermath the act, lost a notable court case Tsiolis v. Interscope. Records. Inc., 946 F.Supp. 1344, 1349 (N.D.III. 1996) with high-profile millionaire rapper Dr. Dre over the ownership of the name. The Rapper reportedly made a conciliatory offer of some $50,000 for rights to use the name but would go ahead and use it regardless. Fortunately for the band, this period of turmoil had built bridges with Interscope Records. After the name change to Mother God Moviestar, they signed to Interscope for the eponymous Electro-Metal debut of March 1998. The case has been studied in law schools around the nation related to the issue of trademark dilution.
The legal battle and Mother God Moviestar.
In January 1997 the group, retaining a stable lineup but augmenting their sound with the addition of DJ Delta 9 and female vocalist Roxanne, retitled themselves Mother God Moviestar, opting to pursue an alternative Rock direction.
Aftermath has continued to receive critical acclaim as one of the major influences in the genre. The band is featured on pages 9 and 10 of Gary Sharpe-Young's "A - Z of Thrash Metal", available on Cherry Red Books.

</doc>
<doc id="20490596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20490596" title="Rudolph de Landas Berghes">
Rudolph de Landas Berghes

Rodolphe Francois Ghislain de Lorraine de Landas Berghes St. Winock (November 1, 1873 - November 17, 1920), better known as Rudolph de Landas Berghes, was Regionary Bishop of Scotland of the Old Roman Catholic Western Orthodox Church and later Archbishop of the Old Roman Catholic Church of America.
In Europe.
Berghes was born in Naples, Kingdom of Italy.
He was the "son of Count de Landas Bourgogne de Rache and Adelaide M. de Gramont-Hamilton."
He "lived most of his life in England."
"He claimed to have succeeded in 1907, to prince dukedom, of de Berghes, on letters approved by" King Leopold II of Belgium and Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria, according to his obituary in the Philadelphia "Evening Public Ledger". But his name was not found in "Almanach de Gotha" which began to list "Berghes-Saint-Winock" as an "extinct house" in 1908. Philip Frederick Cunliffe-Owen, a "chronicler of nobility", "in one of his newspaper articles, said that if" Berghes' name "was his right one he was a prince; but he could not be a prince, because the line of succession to the title passed in 1907."
He said that he was raised as a Protestant.
He was educated at Eton College and the universities of Cambridge, Paris and Brussels.
He completed courses in law, theology and military tactics.
He said that at Cambridge, he became a supporter of the high church and became interested in Anglo-Catholicism. He said that to avert this, his mother made him transfer to the Faculty of Protestant Theology at the University of Paris.
According to "The New York Times", he "described himself as" an "ex-staff officer of the British Army, with the rank of Captain."
According to his obituary, he "declared in statements after his arrival at Villanova that he had seen service under" Herbert Kitchener, 1st Earl Kitchener, both in Sudan and in Egypt.
Cunliffe-Owen asserted that Berghes also claimed service under under Kitchener in the Second Boer War. Berghes claimed, according to his obituary, that he attained "the rank of lieutenant colonel before leaving the army".
Cunliffe-Owen "asserted that if" Berghes "was in the British Army he must have been under some other name," because the "army lists," Cunliffe-Owen "alleged, do not contain a name similar to his."
He said that later, he joined the Church of England and received orders there but the question of the validity of his orders bothered him.
It was for this reason that he joined the Old Catholic Church.
He joined the Old Catholic Church in 1910.
According to Peter Anson, in "Wandering Bishops", either Baroness Natalie Uxkull-Gyllenband or Olga Novikov introduced Berghes to Arnold Harris Mathew, a controversial figure who was consecrated in 1908 by Union of Utrecht (UU) bishops as a regionary bishop but ignored rules and seceded from the in 1910.
According to Cunliffe-Owen, Berghes left England in 1912.
But Mathew ordained Berghes in a private oratory in November, 1912, in Bedford Park, London, and consecrated him in June, 1913, as Mathew's regionary bishop of Scotland. Notably, months before Berghes' consecration, a London jury found that "the words were true in substance and in fact" that Mathew was, among other things, a "pseudo-bishop", and, months after Berghes' consecration, according to Peter-Ben Smit, in "Old Catholic and Philippine Independent Ecclesiologies in History", "ties of the with Mathew were formally severed." When, according to Anson, "they issued a formal statement that [...] Mathew had ceased to be an Old Catholic on December 29, 1910, and that after that date they recognized none of his episcopal actions."
He was, according to Anson, "an Austro-Hungarian subject" who was liable to capture and internment "as an enemy alien" for the duration of the war, so "with the connivance of the Foreign Office" Berghes left, two years later then Cunliffe-Owen asserted, in September, 1914, the same month "the Directorate of Prisoners of War had come into existence under the War Office" to implemented the internment policy of the British government.
In the United States.
He arrived in New York City either in 1912, according to Cunliffe-Owen, or in 1914, according to Anson.
Regardless, he was in New York City by the beginning of 1915. At the invitation of Protestant Episcopal Church of the United States (PECUSA) Bishop David H. Greer of the Episcopal Diocese of New York, but without Mathew's authorization, Berghes participated in the consecration of Hiram Richard Hulse as the Missionary Bishop of Cuba on . 
It was reported on a society page a few days later that Berghes "is to be assigned as rector" of a parish in New York City and that Greer "announce that the appointment will be made."
After Hulses' consecration, newspapers questioned Berghes' true identity and so did bishops. Allegations about his background were printed in newspapers. Bishop Philip M. Rhinelander, of the Episcopal Diocese of Pennsylvania, requested more information from Cunliffe-Owen about Berghes. Cunliffe-Owen wrote to Rhinelander that after Cunliffe-Owen had warned William T. Manning who warned Greer, Berghes "found Brooklyn and New York too hot for him and vanished." In 1915 Berghes filed a lawsuit against Cunliffe-Owen, an editor of the "New-York Tribune", for libel. Berghes alleged in the complaint that Cunliffe-Owen' statements, "as to the genuineness of the temporal and ecclesiastical titles" that he used, "have caused him to be rejected" in circles, "although", 
Berghes complained "that the article spoke sarcastically of him and intimated that he was masquerading under a pseudonym." Cunliffe-Owen compared Berghes to another bishop "who fell into disrepute because of irregular practices in London", Andrew Charles McLaglen; Berghes correctly stated that Cunliffe-Owen had mistaken him for McLaglen. Cunliffe-Owen "wrote that if" Berghes was McLaglen then "he had been exposed several times" in London newspapers for "religious and philanthropic swindles."
But according to "The New York Times", Cunliffe-Owen "did not say that" Berghes and "McLagen were the same. He merely, in his article and later in a private letter, showed points of similarity between the two."
Berghes "made the [...] claim of elevation to archbishop and metropolitan in 1916."
He began calling himself the Archbishop of the Old Roman Catholic Church of America.
He moved to St. Dunstan's Abbey in Waukegan, Illinois, and consecrated William Henry Francis, the abbot, and Carmel Henry Carfora as bishops on consecutive days in October, 1916.
Carfora was his auxiliary bishop.
He consecrated Stanislaus Mickiewicz in 1917. William Wolkovich-Valkavicius called Mickiewicz, in "Polish American Studies", a "major figure in the Lithuanian separatist movement." Mickiewicz, a Lithuanian, emigrated from the Russian Empire, worked in a Chicago, Illinois, "meat market for a short time." After he failed at three seminaries, Mickiewicz "turned to" Stephen Kaminski who ordained him in 1907. Mickiewicz, "apparently with no commitment to Kaminski," according to Wolkovich-Valkavicius, "became a free-lance priest" in New England. 
He was involved along with Bishop Franciszek Hodur of the Polish National Catholic Church (PNCC) in a schism dividing the St Joseph's Lithuanian Catholic congregation of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Scranton where a dissident group gained possession of the church. A lawsuit was filed demanding the restitution of the church. The court rendered a judgment which permanently restrained Hodur and Mickiewicz and ordered restoration of the property to the . Mickiewicz was pastor of the independent Lithuanian parish in Scranton, Pennsylvania started by the dissidents. However, "because of his unsavory conduct," Mickiewicz "was charged with breach of discipline and left of his own accord rather than face expulsion." "Unimpeded," Mickiewicz "sped off to Lawrence, Massachusetts, drawn by" another parish conflict in a Lithuanian community with a "high proportion of socialists and freethinkers." "There he declared himself the 'Messenger of God', and Administrator of all independent Lithuanian parishes. By July 1916 he established a separatist church." "To upgrade his status," Mickiewicz "summoned a lay synod in June 1917, and arranged to be elected bishop by popular acclaim." De Landas Berghas then consecrated him as a bishop. Mickiewicz "then persuaded" de Landas Berghas, according to Wolkovich-Valkavicius, "to set up a mini-seminary in Lawrence, teaching and ordaining a half dozen Lithuanians." Mickiewicz "fell quickly," according to Wolkovich-Valkavicius. "His continued misconduct brought public censure from his people. [...] Intimations of 'heresy, impurity, drunkenness and falsehood' led" de Landas Berghas, "as Metropolitan of the Old Roman Catholic Church of America, to banish" Mickiewicz in 1918, "stripping him perpetually of orders and jurisdiction, according to the" Lawrence "The Evening Tribune" "account. The decree of December 3 was also signed by the regionary bishop, [...] Carfora at New York City. Several sources credit" Mickiewicz's "successor, Sleinis, with having a hand in the expulsion." Mickiewicz moved from Lawrence to Chicago where he failed to "compete with" a Lithuanian parish in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago. He later joined Francis who Berghes also consecrated.
Smit wrote that after World War I, the "distanced itself more from the "" Mathew and those ordained and consecrated by him."
Berghes applied to minister in the . Bishop William Montgomery Brown, of the Episcopal Diocese of Arkansas, a Modernist and Communist later "known as the 'atheist bishop'," presented "the correspondence and request of " to the October 1919 General Convention of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America which referred the documents to a special committee consisting of the bishops who "confer with officials of the Eastern Orthodox Churches and the Old Catholics". The committee reported that they considered what was presented but were "not prepared to recommend any action". They reported, "the reception of a person applying to minister in" the "belongs to the jurisdiction of the several Bishops of the same." So, the General Convention discharged the committee "from the further consideration of the subject." Brown resigned later that year.
Mathew died on December 19, 1919.
On November 22, 1919, he abandoned Old Catholicism and took a solemn vow of abjuration at the hands of Patrick Joseph Hayes, Archbishop of New York, in St. Patrick's Cathedral, New York.
He converted to the Catholic Church, "renounced his titles", and entered the Augustinian St. Thomas Monastery in Villanova, Pennsylvania as a novice where he "died during his probation," several months later on . He was buried in the monastery's cemetery with full episcopal honors by the Roman Catholic Church.
He made "the claim," according to his obituary, "that through his efforts the American branch of the Old Catholics number in 1920 about 120,000 in Canada and the United States."
After Mathew died in 1919, the declared in 1920 that Mathew's "consecration was obtained ' and that consequently it is null and void." Consecrations derived from Mathew were not recognised by the . Smit wrote that, "the orders of ' in general, [...] and of all those consecrated by them, are not recognized, and all connections with these persons is formally denied" by the .
Name and title variations.
Berghes was known by a variety of names and titles throughout his life and after.

</doc>
<doc id="20490614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20490614" title="Noun (disambiguation)">
Noun (disambiguation)

Noun is one of the parts of speech.
Noun or Nouns may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20490664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20490664" title="Naval Special Warfare Cold Weather Detachment Kodiak">
Naval Special Warfare Cold Weather Detachment Kodiak

The Naval Special Warfare Cold Weather Detachment Kodiak is a United States Navy base near Kodiak, Alaska used to train United States Navy SEALs. The training includes cold weather survival and advanced tactical training in forested, coastal environments. The base covers 55 acres on Spruce Cape and training is conducted throughout the surrounding area and nearby Long Island.
As of November 2008, six SEAL classes averaging 40 students come to Kodiak each year for a 28-day course. The trainees are sent to Kodiak after completing Basic Underwater Demolition/SEAL (BUD/S) selection and before they are assigned to their respective SEAL teams.

</doc>
<doc id="20490735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20490735" title="Marc Iliffe">
Marc Iliffe

Marc Iliffe (27 June 1972 – 11 February 2003) was a British strongman famous for being the winner of Britain's Strongest Man contest in 2002.
Career.
Iliffe was acknowledged as being extremely dedicated to the sport of strength athletics. His training partner of ten years, Bill Pittuck, talked of Marc's particular love of the Atlas stones event which helped him win the title of Britain's Strongest Man in 2002. Iliffe was also invited to compete at the World's Strongest Man finals in consecutive years. Iliffe's career was affected in 2002 by a split disc in his back that had caused weakness in his legs. However, surgery to correct the injury looked very positive. On his personal website he said: "I have now had an MRI scan and the bottom disk in my back is split, so I go into the woodlands private Hospital in Kettering on the 22nd of October to surgery to fix the problem, so I will be back fighting fit very soon and will be at BSM 2003 to hopefully win title for a second time. Can't wait to get it sorted as it has caused problems the last few months,and will be back in training very soon the surgeon . It should not cause me any more problems and is near enough an instant fix, and leg pain and weakness will be gone instantly."
Television and film.
As well as televised strongman competitions, Marc appeared in a television advertisement for rock group Pulp’s "Hits" album before Christmas 2002 and had been cast in a film called "Transfer" by GMV Entertainment along with the boxer Richie Woodhall, in which he was due to play a gangster.
Death.
On 11 February 2003, Marc Iliffe was discovered hanged from gym equipment at his Northamptonshire home in Vivian Road. The Northamptonshire coroner recorded an open verdict on the death of Mr Iliffe, of Wellingborough. No suicide note was left but he was believed to be having some marital and work problems. Additionally, he was disappointed the strongman competition sponsors were not using him in publicity campaigns. His mother, Kathleen Carmichael of Rushden, stated that: "My son wasn't depressed. Frustrated, in turmoil, but not depressed". His wife, June Iliffe, also cast doubt on whether the suicide was deliberate. She did not think he meant to kill himself and she stated "He knew I was going to be home in the next 20 minutes and he wouldn't have wanted his son to find him."
Personal life.
Outside of strongman competition, Marc worked at Ilmor Engineering, Brixworth. He was married to June Iliffe, had two stepsons, aged 15 and 19, as well as a six-year-old son, Marc Junior. At the time of his death he lived in Wellingborough in Northamptonshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20490737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20490737" title="Go Down, Death!">
Go Down, Death!

Go Down, Death! is a 1944 race film directed by and starring Spencer Williams. The film’s title derives from a poem by the African-American writer James Weldon Johnson.
Plot.
"Go Down Death" takes place in an African-American community where the criminal boss Big Jim Bottoms (Spencer Williams) runs a successful juke joint. The arrival of a new preacher (Samuel H. James) to the town results in many of Big Jim’s customers leaving the juke joint in favor of attending church. Big Jim arranges for the preacher to be photographed in compromising situations with three attractive women. Aunt Caroline, Big Jim’s adoptive mother, becomes aware of the scheme and tries to prevent Big Jim from carrying out his blackmail scheme. There is a physical struggle between Aunt Caroline and Big Jim, resulting in Aunt Caroline collapsing after being struck. Aunt Caroline dies from her injuries, but Big Jim escapes arrest. But following Aunt Caroline’s funeral, Big Jim’s conscience haunts him with visions of eternal damnation in Hell. His body is later discovered in a canyon and the photographs of the preacher are nowhere to be found.
Production.
"Go Down Death" was the third in a trilogy of religious oriented films directed by Spencer Williams, an African-American filmmaker, for the production and distribution company. He previously directed "The Blood of Jesus" (1941) and the now-lost "" (1942). Publicity material for the production listed the film’s original title as "Go Down, Death! The Story of Jesus and the Devil".
To depict the horrors of Hell, Williams used clips from the Italian silent film "L'Inferno" (1911), which had been an international success.
In the course of its distribution, "Go Down Death" ran into several censorship problems. The state censors for Maryland, New York, and Ohio demanded that edits to the Hell sequence involving a brief exposure of a woman’s bare breast in a scene from "L'Inferno", and the action of a woman pulling up her dress. Ohio censors also requested removal of an image from the Hell sequence where a devil is seen chewing a man.

</doc>
<doc id="20490804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20490804" title="CI-988">
CI-988

CI-988 (PD-134,308) is a drug which acts as a cholecystokinin antagonist, selective for the CCKB subtype. In animal studies it showed anxiolytic effects and potentiated the analgesic action of both morphine and endogenous opioid peptides, as well as preventing the development of tolerance to opioids and reducing symptoms of withdrawal. Consequently it was hoped that it might have clinical applications for the treatment of pain and anxiety in humans, but trial results were disappointing with only minimal therapeutic effects observed even at high doses. The reason for the failure of CI-988 and other CCKB antagonists in humans despite their apparent promise in pre-clinical animal studies is unclear, although poor pharmacokinetic properties of the currently available drugs are a possible explanation, and CCKB antagonists are still being researched for possible uses as adjuvants to boost the activity of other drugs.

</doc>
<doc id="20490830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20490830" title="The Teardrops (band)">
The Teardrops (band)

The Teardrops were a punk/New Wave band formed in Prestwich, Greater Manchester, England, in 1978. The founders and always the core of this band were Trevor Wain, John Key and Jimmy Donnelly with various good friends from the Prestwich music scene:- Buzzcocks bassist Steve Garvey, members of The Fall; Martin Bramah, Karl Burns and Tony Friel and former member of V2 Ian Nance, as well as occasional contributions from Dave Brisbane, Helen Harbrook, Dave Price and Rick Goldstraw.
History.
Initially, the band line up was, (as pictured) Steve Garvey then in Buzzcocks, Martin Bramah who was in The Fall at that time, Trevor Wain, Jimmy Donnelly, John Key and Karl Burns who, at that time, was also in The Fall. It was this line-up with the addition of Dave Brisbane that recorded (at Cargo Studios) and released their debut EP, "In And Out Of Fashion". Because of contractual difficulties with The Fall the band were never able to credit Martin Bramah or Karl Burns on the record sleeve. 
Due to the communal nature of the band it was not always clear who, apart Trevor Wain, Jimmy Donnelly and John Key were in the band at anyone time. By the end of 1978 Steve Garvey was committed to his work in Buzzcocks. Martin Bramah in '79 had left The Fall to form Blue Orchids with Una Baines. Karl Burns also left The Fall and continued to make a strong contribution to the band. Tony Friel who had left The Fall before they recorded to form The Passage with Dick Witts helped out on some tracks. Most of the recordings at this period varied between Cargo Studios in Rochdale with John Brierly, Smile Studios and Arrow Studios in Manchester. When Graveyard Studios opened in Prestwich all subsequent recordings were done there. The Teardrops along with all their associated bands recorded there as well as a lot of other Manchester bands including Joy Division and A Certain Ratio.
By the end of 1980, The Teardrops stopped recording. 
In 2010 a further set of tapes from the Graveyard Studio sessions were rediscovered and restored by Blind Eye Records. This format of the group contained the stalwarts Trevor Wain, Jimmy Donnelly and John Key along with Ian Nance. The recordings contain contributions from Steve Garvey, Martin Bramah and Karl Burns. Blind Eye Records are planning to release a series of 7" vinyls in late 2010 into early 2011. 
They undertook gigs at The Russell Club (Factory Nights) in Hulme and Eric's in Liverpool with Private Sector, Fast Cars and V2.

</doc>
<doc id="20490855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20490855" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1934">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1934

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1934 Australian federal election. The election was held on 15 September 1934.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats (although Senators Dunn and Rae had joined the Lang Labor breakaway). United Australia Party Senators Charles Cox and Sir Walter Massy-Greene and Country Party Senator Charles Hardy were not up for re-election.
Queensland.
Three seats were up for election. The United Australia Party was defending three seats. Labor Senators Gordon Brown, Joe Collings and John MacDonald were not up for re-election.
South Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. United Australia Party Senators Jack Duncan-Hughes and Alexander McLachlan and Country Party Senator Oliver Badman were not up for re-election.
Tasmania.
Three seats were up for election. The United Australia Party was defending three seats. Note that, apart from Group A, all candidates appeared in the ungrouped column. United Australia Party Senators John Millen, Herbert Payne and Burford Sampson were not up for re-election.
Victoria.
Three seats were up for election. The United Australia Party-Country Party Coalition was defending two seats. The Labor Party was defending one seat. United Australia Party Senators Tom Brennan, James Guthrie and William Plain were not up for re-election.
Western Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The United Australia Party-Country Party Coalition was defending three seats. United Australia Party Senators Patrick Lynch and Sir George Pearce and Country Party Senator William Carroll were not up for re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="20490893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20490893" title="Electricity Regulatory Authority">
Electricity Regulatory Authority

The Electricity Regulatory Authority "(ERA)" was created by the Electricity Act of 1999 as an agency of the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Development. The mandate of the ERA is "to provide for the generation, transmission, distribution, sale and use of electricity" in Uganda; to guide the liberalisation of the electricity industry; and to manage licensing, rates, safety and other matters concerning the electricity industry. The Electricity Regulatory Authority has offices in Kampala.
Organization and operations.
The ERA works closely with many vendors to do its work. Organizations and committees within the purview of the ERA include the Rural Electrification Board, and Electricity Consumer Committees.

</doc>
<doc id="20490898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20490898" title="Kathy Mattea (album)">
Kathy Mattea (album)

Kathy Mattea is the debut album by American country singer Kathy Mattea. It was released in 1984 (see 1984 in country music) on Mercury Records. It includes the singles "Street Talk", "Someone Is Falling in Love", "You've Got a Soft Place to Fall", and "That's Easy for You to Say". The song "(Back to the) Heartbreak Kid" was later released in 1986 by Restless Heart from their self-titled debut album.

</doc>
<doc id="20490913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20490913" title="Win Us Over">
Win Us Over

Win Us Over is the fourth album by hard rock band ASG. The album was released on September 11, 2007.
Track listing.
"Dream Song" was featured in the soundtrack for the 2010 video game Splatterhouse; "The Dull Blade" was included in the Skate 2 soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="20490923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20490923" title="Close Roll">
Close Roll

The Close Rolls are an administrative record created in medieval England by the royal chancery, in order to preserve a central record of all letters close issued by the chancery in the name of the Crown. The first Close Roll was started in 1204 (in the reign of King John), under the Chancellorship of Hubert Walter. Copies of the texts of the letters were written on sheets of parchment, which were stitched together into long rolls to form a roll for each year. Examples of letters in England that were entered into the Close Rolls included summons of barons to Parliament.
The Close Rolls for the years 1204 to 1227 were published as abbreviated Latin texts (in a near-facsimile of the manuscripts, employing a special "record type" font) by the Record Commission, edited by T.D. Hardy, in 1833 and 1844, in two large folio volumes entitled "Rotuli Litterarum Clausarum in Turri Londinensi asservati". Those for the years 1227 to 1272 were published by the Public Record Office between 1902 and 1938, with extended Latin texts, in fourteen volumes entitled "Close Rolls", of which eleven were edited by W. H. Stevenson. A "supplementary" volume of additional material for the years 1244–66 appeared in 1975. The post-1272 rolls have not been published as full texts but in calendar form (i.e. as comprehensive English summaries, with all significant details included), under the title "Calendar of Close Rolls": 47 volumes appeared between 1900 and 1963, covering the years 1272 to 1509. Those for the reign of Henry VIII (1509–47) have not been independently published, but are incorporated into the series "Letters and Papers of the Reign of Henry VIII" (published 1862–1932). 
The published texts and calendars from 1227 to 1509 have been made available online in a fully searchable form on a "premium" (subscription) section of the digital library British History Online (co-managed by the Institute of Historical Research).

</doc>
<doc id="20490926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20490926" title="Cooper Bridge railway station">
Cooper Bridge railway station

Cooper Bridge was a railway station built by the Manchester and Leeds Railway to serve the town of Huddersfield in West Yorkshire, England.
History.
Opened by the Manchester and Leeds Railway in 1840 to serve Huddersfield, away, which at that time did not have a station of its own. The station was said to have been built for and by, the owner of Kirklees Hall the Armytage family.

</doc>
<doc id="20490948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20490948" title="Prokopis Doukas">
Prokopis Doukas

Prokopis Doukas is a Greek journalist and newscaster.
Born in Athens, Greece in 1963, he has studied electrical engineering (M. Sc. in electronics, telecommunications and networks) at the University of Patras, Greece and music technology at the Center for Computer Research in Music and Acoustics (CCRMA), Stanford University, Ca. as a visiting scholar. 
His career as a dj and journalist started with the "burst" of independent radio in Greece, in 1988. He has collaborated with major music and news stations in Athens, such as Sky 100.4, Antenna 97.1, Jazz Fm, Athina 9.84, Net 105.8 and Kosmos 93.6.
In 1997 he was appointed as one of the principal anchors at the Greek state television. He has been presenting the night news since 1999, in both public broadcasting channels, ET1 and New Hellenic Television (NET), where he was replaced by Maria Houkli in 2001.
He has been, since 2003, one of the senior political commentators for the "Athens Voice", the largest free-press weekly newspaper in Greece. He has also collaborated, as a freelancer, with numerous newspapers and magazines, such as "Epsilon" of the "Eleftherotypia" daily, "Metro" and "Metarithmisi". Since 1991, he has been teaching young journalists, at various schools, such as Antenna Journalism School, Athens Media Lab and IEK Akmi.
He has also taken part in two films by Greek director Nikos Grammatikos, "Apontes" (1996) and "O Vassilias" (2002).

</doc>
<doc id="20490970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20490970" title="CE Alaior">
CE Alaior

Club Esportiu Alaior is a Spanish football team based in Alaior, Minorca, in the autonomous community of Balearic Islands. Founded in 1934, it plays in Regional Preferente, holding home games at "Estadio Los Pinos", with a capacity of 2,500 seats.
History.
Alaior is one of several teams that have played most seasons in the fourth division, appearing a total of 47 seasons in the category. 
The club has never qualified for the promotion playoffs to the third level since those were introduced in 1991. Their highest position was second, in the 1989–90 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20491018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491018" title="Rosedale (Lynchburg, Virginia)">
Rosedale (Lynchburg, Virginia)

Rosedale, a historic property comprising the Graves Mill ruins, Christopher Johnson Cottage, and Rosedale mansion, is located at Lynchburg, Virginia. The Rosedale property contains two buildings of major importance, the ruins of an 18th-century grist mill, and numerous subsidiary buildings. The earliest structure remaining is the Christopher Johnson Cottage, dating from ca. 1764 to 1774. The small, 1 1/2-story frame structure has long been known as the Johnson Cottage. The Rosedale mansion was erected in 1836 by Odin Clay, the first president of the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, and is a two-story, three-bay, brick home laid in Flemish bond. The house was enlarged in 1929; a three-bay brick wing was added the original house. It was designed by Lynchburg architect Stanhope S. Johnson, who is best known for designing the Allied Arts Building.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983, with a boundary increase in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20491027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491027" title="Jane's US Navy Fighters 97">
Jane's US Navy Fighters 97

Jane's U.S. Navy Fighters '97, frequently known as USNF '97, is a 1996 flight simulation video game developed by Electronic Arts. The game contains three campaigns: a Vietnam War-era campaign, a campaign involving a fictional Russian-Ukrainian war, and another fictional campaign detailing a Russian-Japanese conflict over the Kuril Islands.
It is an expansion on the USNF '94 original DOS version with added planes, music, and two new campaigns.

</doc>
<doc id="20491033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491033" title="William Francis Smith">
William Francis Smith

William Francis Smith (February 24, 1904 – February 26, 1968) was an American jurist who served on the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey and the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Smith was born in 1904 in Perth Amboy, New Jersey, the son of John Stephan Smith and Ann Elizabeth Owens. After graduating from the Columbia University School of Pharmacy, he was named deputy mayor of Perth Amboy in 1926.
His work in municipal government led to an interest in law, and in 1929 he enrolled in the New Jersey Law School. He received a law degree the following year and joined the school's faculty as an instructor, remaining until 1935. On August 29, 1935, he married Marie Cathers.
He served as U.S. Attorney for the District of New Jersey from 1940 to 1941. In 1941, at the age of 37, he was appointed to the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. He was believed to have been the youngest Federal Court judge at the time of his appointment. In 1959 he was called upon by Chief Justice Earl Warren to clear up a logjam that had developed at the Brooklyn Federal Court of the Eastern District of New York, and he brought the court's docket up to date in six months.
Smith remained on the New Jersey district court bench until 1961, when President Kennedy appointed him to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. He served until his death in 1968. He died at the age of 64 at St. Peter's Hospital in New Brunswick, New Jersey, where he lived.

</doc>
<doc id="20491037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491037" title="Dyko">
Dyko

Biography.
Dyko is the Australian artist John Barrie Dyke. He grew up in Melbourne and has been living in Germany for several years. Dyko was formed in 2003 in Frankfurt am Main. The music and visuals are created in close collaboration with German born Christofer Jost.
Dyko often performs for high school and college German students around the world. Their lyrics tend to be relatively simple and easy for non-fluent German speakers to understand, making them popular for performances among this particular demographic.
In the past years Dyko has played over 100 concerts in 28 countries all around the world. Amongst others they have performed in Club B2 in Moscow, in Club 103 in Berlin, at the EXIT (festival) in Serbia as well as at the German-Chinese pop-festival in Nanjing. The Goethe Institut has been supporting Dyko since 2007 with regular tours in various countries, for example in Toronto, Canada, Estonia and Poland.
The music of Dyko has inspired Wolfgang Flür (ex-Kraftwerk) to play e-drums again for the recording of the Kraftwerk cover "Autobahn". Dyko’s method of creation is modelled on the Bauhaus concept of the "artist as a technician", is devoted to electro-pop and new wave and is profoundly and lastingly inspired by bands/artists such as Kraftwerk, The Human League, David Bowie, Nina Hagen, Depeche Mode and Iggy Pop.
The release of the second album "alles in ordnung? (everything in order?)" is planned for the beginning of 2010.
Line-up.
John Barrie Dyke - "Vocals, E-Drums"
Christofer Jost - "Synthesizer, Guitar, Electronics"
Discography.
Dyko
"Full-Length album"
"03-02-2007"
Track listing
"Single"
"28-08-2009"
Track listing

</doc>
<doc id="20491048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491048" title="Vandalize (album)">
Vandalize (album)

Vandalize is the third studio album from visual kei rock band Alice Nine. It was released on January 14, 2009.
The album contains eleven tracks, compiling the band's three previous singles ("Mirror Ball", "Rainbows", and "Cross Game") and eight new songs. The album was released in two versions: a regular edition, and a limited edition of the album, which includes a DVD that features live footage, a promotional music video for "the beautiful name," and a special package design. The album debuted on the Oricon Chart with a #3 daily and a #7 weekly, with total sales of 13,111 recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="20491052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491052" title="Suffolk New Academy">
Suffolk New Academy

Suffolk New Academy (formerly Chantry High School) is a secondary school with academy status in the Chantry area of Ipswich in the English county of Suffolk. The school educates children aged 11 to 16 and has around 980 pupils. The head teacher is Andrew Fell.
History.
The school opened in September 1962 as a secondary modern school serving the recently established council estate of Chantry in southwest Ipswich. Originally, the school consisted of the two three-floored blocks with a main school hall area. Following the growth of the estate, the school’s roll grew rapidly into the 1970s, resulting in the extension of the site. The school remained a secondary modern school until the late 1970s when Suffolk became fully comprehensive and the school was renamed Chantry High School.
The school is now an academy, and has been renamed Suffolk New Academy, and is sponsored by Suffolk New College.
Sixth Form Centre.
In 1981 the school opened a sixth form centre. Originally, it served Chantry, East Bergholt, Stoke, Copleston, Kesgrave, and numerous smaller schools, acting as an alternative the already established Northgate Sixth Form centre. More recently, due to the increase of Sixth Form Centres within Ipswich, Chantry the sixth form centre served the Chantry and Stoke areas before being closed following the development of the Suffolk One sixth form in September 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20491077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491077" title="Freddie Burdette">
Freddie Burdette

Freddie Thomason Burdette (September 15, 1936 – June 1, 2010) was a right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball for the Chicago Cubs.
Burdette was signed by the Cubs on June 3, 1954 as an undrafted amateur free agent. He battled his way through the minor leagues before finally making his major-league debut at age 25, pitching in relief in both games of a doubleheader with the Cincinnati Reds at Crosley Field. He induced the first batter he ever faced, Leo Cárdenas, to ground out to second baseman Ken Hubbs. He also retired Gordy Coleman on a groundout before being removed from the game. In the nightcap, Burdette pitched a full inning, allowing a hit but no runs. On September 10, he tallied his first big-league strikeout, fanning slugger Frank Howard. He also earned his first (and only) career save when he finished a 4–1 victory over Philadelphia on September 20. Burdette went on to finish the year with a 3.72 ERA in 9 innings over 8 games. The next year, he was a late-season call-up from the minors for the Cubs, appearing in 4 games as a reliever and posting a 3.86 ERA.
Burdette saw his most extensive major-league action in 1964, making 18 appearances out of the bullpen after getting promoted to the big leagues in June. He earned his first major-league win (and only decision) on August 18 against the Phillies in a marathon 16-inning contest at Shibe Park. Burdette retired six of the seven Phillie batters he faced in the 14th and 15th innings before being removed for a pinch-hitter as the Cubs rallied for two runs in the top of the 16th. Ernie Broglio (famously acquired by the Cubs in exchange for legend Lou Brock) allowed a solo homer in the bottom of the 16th to Clay Dalrymple but held on to save Burdette's only career win.
Burdette pitched in eight more games as a Cub in 1964, including his final appearance on October 2, 1964 against the San Francisco Giants. He hurled two-thirds of an inning, retiring opposing pitcher Bobby Bolin to end the final inning Burdett would pitch in the bigs.
For his career, Burdette was 1–0 in 30 games (all in relief) with one save and a 3.41 ERA.
Later life.
Following his baseball career, Burdette worked for the United Parcel Service. He died on June 1, 2010 in Albany, Georgia, where he had resided since 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20491096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491096" title="Inland Lakes Railway">
Inland Lakes Railway

The Inland Lakes Railway, later known as Florida Rail Adventures, was a tourist railroad located in the northwestern portion of Central Florida. The railway operated several excursion trains ranging from a five course dinner train to sightseeing excursions throughout Lake and Orange Counties. The company operated through a lease agreement with the Florida Central Railroad, the owner of the tracks. Trains operated between the towns of Mount Dora, Tavares, Eustis, , and Orlando.
Florida Rail Adventures no longer operates and has been divesting itself of equipment. 
Trains.
Orange Blossom Dinner Train.
The "Orange Blossom Dinner Train" was a three hour, 24 mile round trip ride. Trains departed from the Eustis depot and traveled to Lake Jem. A four course meal was prepared on board the train and featured a different menu every few months. Another added feature for the trip; for an additional cost, a passenger could eat dinner served in the railway’s dome car. Trains were diesel powered and had enclosed, air-conditioned cars.
Magnolia Sun Lunch Train.
The "Magnolia Sun Lunch Train" was a nine mile, two hour train ride that took passengers from Eustis to the Dora Canal and return. Trains were diesel powered and had enclosed, air-conditioned cars.
Mount Dora Meteor.
The "Mount Dora Meteor" was day time excursion train that departed from the railway’s Mount Dora depot. Narrated by the conductor, passengers embarked on a 1.5 hour, ten mile round trip excursion between the towns of Mount Dora and Tavares. Sights included: Lake Dora, Lake Gertrude, The Golden Triangle, and several orange groves. A unique feature of the trip was being turned around at the Tavares wye. Passengers could watch as the conductor and engineer maneuvered the train around the wye in preparation for the return trip to Mount Dora. Trains were diesel powered and had open window coaches.
Murder Mystery Express.
New for the 2009 operating year was the "Murder Mystery Express". It was a three hour, 24 mile round trip ride departing from Eustis to Lake Jem and return. The "Giggles and Bits Players" presentation of "Fat Louie's Pizza to Die For" was the main play for the trip. The bungling, misguided misfits entertained passengers as they dined. At the end of the play, guests were asked to help solve the premeditated murder. It was originally envisioned that this train would be expanded to operate on several other nights, all with differently themed plays. Trains were diesel powered and had enclosed, air-conditioned cars.
Italian Star Dinner Train.
The "Italian Star Dinner Train" was similar to railway's "Magnolia Sun Lunch Train", however it featured an Italian themed menu.
Orlando Magic Express.
The "Orlando Magic Express" took passengers to Orlando for select Orlando Magic basketball games. One of the railway's larger excursions, trains traveled from Eustis to Downtown Orlando. Generally trains took roughly two hours to reach downtown and dinner was served in the dining car. Once the train arrived in Orlando, the conductor escorted passengers two blocks to the Amway Arena for the game.
Rail Rambles.
Taken from the popular excursion trains by the Atlantic Coast Line in the 1950s, The Florida Rail Adventures had created its own Rail Ramble excursion trains. Trains departed Eustis for an all day excursion on the entire railroad, including a trip all the way into downtown Orlando. The Railway’s dining car was taken along for the excursion and offered lunch throughout the trip. Generally, photo run-bys were conducted on the return portion of the trip. Trains were diesel powered and had both open window and enclosed, air-conditioned cars.
Special Excursions.
Throughout the year the railway offered many special excursions. "Santa’s Winter Wonderland Express", "Gunfight at the O.K. Corral", "Pumpkin Patch Express", & "Day Out With Thomas" were some of the special excursions operated.
Equipment.
Florida Rail Adventures has sold or auctioned many of its rail assets.
Tracks.
The tracks that the Florida Rail Adventures trains traveled on were once part of three independent railroads that were built mostly in the 1880s. Portions of some of these lines have been abandoned and removed over the years due to the loss of their customer base or due to redundancy occurring after mergers that eventually combined all three of the original lines into one system. These lines once served a large citrus and agricultural industry but due to several devastating freezes, these industries gradually moved further south. The following is a brief history of these three independent railroads and how they eventually became one.
Eustis to Tavares.
The line from Eustis to Tavares was originally built as the St. Johns & Lake Eustis Railway Company (StJ&LE). This company was chartered in 1879 and construction started at Astor on the St. Johns River. The line was built 3’-0” narrow gauge and its rails passed through Altoona, Umatilla and Ft. Mason before reaching Eustis, 27 miles, in 1880. Construction continued southward through Tavares, reaching Lane Park on Big Lake Harris, 7.5 miles, in 1882-83. The line was then extended 15 miles from Ft. Mason, around the north and west sides of Lake Eustis to Leesburg in 1884. The line originally served as a land bridge for the river and lake steamboats that provided transportation into the interior of Florida. Passengers and freight could come down the St. Johns River on steamboats from Jacksonville and transfer to the railroad at Astor for ports on Lakes Eustis, Dora and Harris. They could then transfer back to a lake steamer to continue to points further south.
The StJ&LE was leased to the Florida Southern Railway Company, a 3’- 0” narrow gauge system, from 1885 to 1889 and subleased to the Jacksonville, Tampa & Key West Railway Co. from 1889 to 1890. The lease was cancelled in 1890 and the StJ&LE resumed operations until 1893. They went into bankruptcy in 1893 and were operated by a receiver until they were sold to the Plant System in 1896. Railroad tycoon Henry Plant reorganized it as the St. Johns & Lake Eustis Railroad Co. and immediately converted the tracks to standard gauge. It was operated as a part of his Plant System as the Savannah, Florida & Western Railroad Company until his death. His family, having no interest in his railroad empire, sold it to the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company (ACL) in 1902. The ACL operated the line until 1967 when they merged with the Seaboard Air Line to form the Seaboard Coast Line (SCL).
Abandonments began in 1941 with the portion of the line from Astor to Altoona, 17.7 miles. The line from Tavares to Lane Park, 1.5 miles, followed in 1942. Then in 1956 the portion from Altoona to Umatilla, 3 miles, was abandoned. These abandonments were due to a loss of a customer base. Lastly, the line from Ft. Mason to Leesburg, 15 miles, was abandoned in 1967 due to being redundant after the merger to form the SCL.
Tavares to Mount Dora.
The line from Tavares to Mt. Dora was chartered as the Sanford & Lake Eustis Railway Co. in 1885. Construction began in Sanford in 1885 and its rails passed through Sylvan Lake, Sorrento and Mt. Dora before reaching Tavares, 25.8 miles in 1887. The line was constructed to 4’- 9” gauge and was immediately leased to the Jacksonville, Tampa & Key West Railway Company (JT&KW). The JT&KW merged it into their Jacksonville to Sanford system in 1890 and operated it as their Sanford & Lake Eustis Division. The JT&KW went into bankruptcy in 1893 and was operated by a receiver until 1899. The receiver leased the system to the Plant Investment Company (PICO) in 1899 and it was then operated as the Lake Eustis Division of the Savannah, Florida & Western Railroad Company (SF&W). It was sold to PICO in 1900 and fully merged into Plant’s SF&W where it remained until his death. As stated earlier, his family had no interest in his railroad empire and sold it to the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Company (ACL) in 1902. The ACL operated the line until 1967 when they merged with the Seaboard Air Line to form the Seaboard Coast Line (SCL).
After the merger that formed the SCL, the line was redundant and was abandoned from Sylvan Lake, 6 miles west of Sanford, to Sorrento, 13 miles, in 1980. Then in 1983 the 6 miles from Sanford to Sylvan Lake was abandoned.
Tavares to Orlando.
The line from Tavares to Orlando was charted as the Tavares, Orlando & Atlantic Railroad Company (TO&A) in 1881. Construction began in Tavares in 1882 and the 5’- 0” gauge line reached Orlando, 32 miles, via Lake Jem, Zellwood, Plymouth and Apopka in 1884. The TO&A negotiated an agreement with the St. Johns & Lake Eustis (StJ&LE) to share the right-of-way around the west side of Lake Dora for a distance of about one mile. This saved building another trestle and bridge over the Dora Canal. It also created an unusual four rail dual gauge arrangement with the TO&A’ 5’- 0” gauge rails on the outside and the StJ&LE 3’- 0” gauge rail in between. The TO&A also had financial difficulties after failing to pay interest on bonds and was sold at a public auction to The Florida Central & Peninsular Railroad Company (TFC&P) in 1891.
TFC&P was a fairly large system, reaching from Fernandina Beach to Jacksonville, Tallahassee, Ocala, Wildwood, Leesburg and Tavares. TFC&P had financial difficulties as well and reorganized as Florida Central & Peninsular Railroad Company (FC&P) (“The” omitted from name) in 1893. The Seaboard Air Line Railway bought controlling interest in the FC&P in 1900 and fully merged it into their system in 1903. The SAL had financial difficulties and was reorganized as the Seaboard Air Line Railway Company in 1915 (“Company” added to name). The SAL again reorganized as the Seaboard Air Line Railroad Company (SAL) in 1945. In 1967 the SAL merged with the Atlantic Coast Line to form the Seaboard Coast Line Railroad (SCL).
With the exception of a few farm spurs, no abandonments have occurred on the original TO&A line and the entire original 32 miles are intact and fully operational today.
Recent History.
The three original railroads went through a series of bankruptcies, sales, and mergers, which brought them under one banner in 1967 as part of the Seaboard Coast Line. In 1983 the SCL was merged into the Seaboard System. This corporation was a stepping stone used to merge the Chessie System with the SCL’s Family Lines in 1986 to form the present day CSX Corporation.
CSX, being an extremely large rail system, could not operate branch lines efficiently and provide the personalized service that customers required. Therefore, many of their branch lines were sold off as short line railroads in the ‘80s and ‘90s. In 1986 the Pinsly Railroad Company, owner of several short line railroads in other states, was selected by CSX to operate the branch as the Florida Central Railroad with their local base of operations located in the former SAL depot in Plymouth.
The Florida Rail Adventures operated on Florida Central Railroad’s tracks by agreement. Scheduled passenger service on the line from Wildwood to Orlando was terminated in 1954 by the SAL. The tracks from Leesburg to Tavares were abandoned in 1982 and from Wildwood to Leesburg between 2001 and 2008 due to loss of their customer base.
After more than 125 years, this historic branch line continues to serve its many customers who depend on it for reliable, economical, efficient transportation to move their raw materials to their plants and to move their finished products to market.

</doc>
<doc id="20491103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491103" title="Jean-François Richet">
Jean-François Richet

Jean-François Richet (Paris, 2 July 1966) is a French screenwriter, director, and producer. 
He grew up in Meaux, a suburb east of Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20491107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491107" title="West Wemyss">
West Wemyss

West Wemyss () is a village lying on the north shore of the Firth of Forth, in Fife, Scotland. According to the 2007 population estimate, the village has a population of 237. The village was granted burgh of barony status in 1511, bearing the name from the Wemyss family who lived in Wemyss Castle. 
History.
The village of West Wemyss began as a settlement around the site of Wemyss Castle which developed into a centre for the salt industry in the area. A harbour was later built in 1621 by the Wemyss family for the use of coal exportation from the pits on the lands of their estate. The harbour would become a major export point for coal by the late 17th century. The ships brought back imports of wood, iron and flax from the Baltic Countries. A wet dock was added for the increased demand of the coal in the 1870s. Towards the latter stages of the 19th century, the village found itself surrounded by several mines - such as the Michael Pit in nearby East Wemyss. The industry, which saw trade with England and The Low Countries, started to struggle once the new docks were opened in Methil further along the Fife coast. Gradually, the demand for the harbour began to fall and it went into decline. The harbour has since been filled in and part of the old village restored, becoming a conservation area with several attractive buildings.
Present day.
The West Wemyss development trust have been pivotal in the re-creation of village services. A 2009 report identified various options for the Wemyss Arms, a disused pub. In 2012 the building has been re-opened as a bistro, cafe, shop and bunkhouse, providing much needed local facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="20491117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491117" title="Epinikion">
Epinikion

The epinikion or epinicion (plural "epinikia" or "epinicia", Greek , from "epi-", "on," + "nikê", "victory") is a genre of occasional poetry also known in English as a victory ode. In ancient Greece, the "epinikion" most often took the form of a choral lyric, commissioned for and performed at the celebration of an athletic victory in the Panhellenic Games and sometimes in honor of a victory in war. Major poets in the genre are Simonides, Bacchylides, and Pindar.
Origins.
Since the poets most often call their victory songs "hymnoi" (), it has been conjectured that hymns for Herakles, honored as the founder of the Olympic Games, were the original model for the athletic "epinikion". Victory odes are also associated with the Dioscuri; Pindar uses the term "Castor-song" (), and Polydeuces (Pollux), the mortal twin of Castor, was a boxer.
Although the best-known "epinikia" appear to have been composed for a chorus, they may have originally been performed by a soloist. Pindar says that a lyric by Archilochus was sung at Olympia, and a scholiast to the passage gives a quotation. The performance of these songs seems to have led in the 6th century BC to aristocratic commissions for more elaborate numbers. 
The earliest "epinikia", surviving only in fragments, were composed by Simonides of Ceos in the 520s BC. Simonides was the first professional poet known to write odes in honor of victorious athletes at the games; in antiquity, he was also notorious for being the first poet to charge a fee for his services. The "epinikia" of Bacchylides were formerly considered lost and were known only from quotations in other authors, until the discovery in the late 19th century of a papyrus manuscript containing fifteen of his odes. Pindar's four surviving books of "epinikia", called one of "the great monuments of Greek lyric," correspond to each of the four major festivals of the Panhellenic Games: Olympian, Pythian, Isthmian, and Nemean. Many of Pindar's odes can be identified by event, champion, and year.
Occasion and performance.
The "epinikion" was performed not at the games, but at the celebration surrounding the champion's return to his hometown or perhaps at the anniversary of his victory. The odes celebrate runners, pentathletes, wrestlers, boxers, and charioteers; Pindar usually narrates or alludes elaborately to a myth connected to the victor's family or birthplace. The Pindaric ode has a metrical structure rivaled in its complexity only by the chorus of Greek tragedy, and is usually composed in a triadic form comprising strophe, antistrophe, and epode. The odes were performed by a chorus that sang and danced to the musical accompaniment of the phorminx or aulos.
The "epinikion" and society.
"The victory ode," notes Mary Lefkowitz, "is a curious and somewhat paradoxical form of art." Simon Goldhill has described the "epinikion" as practiced by Pindar as "a performance hired to mark the place of an individual within his city." The "epinikion" praised the victorious athlete as an ideal representative of the community and of the aristocratic class, linking his achievements with those of local cult heroes. But the athlete was also admonished against hubris, "not to seek to become Zeus."
A later contributor to the genre was Callimachus.

</doc>
<doc id="20491125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491125" title="Surf City Squeeze">
Surf City Squeeze

Surf City Squeeze is a chain of smoothie and restaurants, which is franchised by Kahala Franchising, L.L.C. lemonade of Scottsdale, Arizona. The chain was founded in Phoenix, Arizona in 1981 by Kevin Blackwell. As of 2010 Surf City Squeeze has more than 100 franchise locations operating in Canada, Saudi Arabia, Curaçao/Netherlands Antilles and United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20491130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491130" title="Pat Southern">
Pat Southern

Patricia Southern (born 1948) is an English historian of classical Rome. 
Early life.
Born in 1948 near Altrincham, Cheshire, Southern studied Ancient History and Archaeology with the Universities of London and Newcastle upon Tyne. 
Career.
Southern was the librarian of the Department of Archaeology at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne from 1983 to 1996 and later at the library of the Newcastle upon Tyne Literary and Philosophical Society. She has published 13 books on Roman history and archaeology and contributed numerous articles on Roman history to the BBC History website and the academic Roman studies journal Britannia. 
She has also written a history of her home town of Altrincham.
Southern's first two books "The Roman Cavalry" and "The Late Roman Army" were co-authored and illustrated by Karen Dixon. Dixon also illustrated several other books in the publisher's catalogue. Dixon's analysis of morale in the late Roman Army was well received and influenced the development of the study of military psychology in history pioneered by John Keegan in "The Face of Battle".

</doc>
<doc id="20491143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491143" title="WSIS (FM)">
WSIS (FM)

WSIS is a radio station which is part of the Smile FM radio network licensed to Riverside, Michigan. It began operation on November 22, 2008, and was granted a license on January 8, 2009. With a transmitter located just north of Benton Harbor, the station uses the same tower as WCXT. WSIS broadcasts the Smile FM programming. It officially retransmits the signal of WHYT, however, much of the programming comes from flagship station WLGH in Lansing. WSIS is owned by Smile FM. 
An application to construct the station was filed with the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on May 12, 1998, for 25 kW with a directional signal from a 184' tower just south of St. Joseph. A Construction Permit was granted on November 15, 2005, however, in the 7 years between the filing of the application and granting of a construction permit the tower location was no longer available. A modification was filed with the FCC to move the station to the WCXT tower north of Benton Harbor. This was rejected and the construction permit was canceled on August 5, 2008, by the FCC on the grounds that the new coverage area did not include the southern portion of the original coverage area which was a violation of the 307(b)preference they had received. Superior Communications filed a request for reconsideration with a waiver of the 73.2002(c) rules. The waiver stated it was impossible to duplicate the original coverage area since land was no longer available for a tower near the 1998 proposed site. Furthermore, it said the new location would cover 87% of the original population, add 30,000 to the total population served, and provide a first non-commercial radio service to over 2,000 people. The FCC granted the modified construction permit on November 13, 2008, and the station filed for a license on November 25, 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="20491148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491148" title="Passavant">
Passavant

Passavant may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20491149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491149" title="From My Heart">
From My Heart

From My Heart is the second album by American country music singer Kathy Mattea. It was released in 1985 on Mercury Records. Singles from the album include "It's Your Reputation Talkin'", "He Won't Give In" and "Heart of the Country". Like her self-titled debut before it, "From My Heart" peaked at #42 on the Top Country Albums charts. "Ball and Chain" is a cover of an Elton John song, from his 1982 album "Jump Up!".

</doc>
<doc id="20491155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491155" title="Fisini">
Fisini

Fisini () is a village and a community in the southeastern part of the island of Lemnos, Greece. It is in the municipal unit of Moudros. In 2001 its population was 84 for the village, and 153 for the community, which includes the village Agia Sofia.
Localities.
Agia Sofia.
Agia Sofia is a small settlement, 2 km northwest of Fisini and 4 km south of Kaminia. It was first mentioned in 1303. The present church was built in 1974, and replaced a building from 1914 that was damaged in the 1968 earthquake. According to tradition the settlement was originally built towards the west near the coast, at the locality "Paliomantra". It was marked on the 1785 map of Choiseul-Gouffier at this old location, but Conze marked it at the present location in 1858. The move of the village must have taken place at the end of 18th century, which coincides with an increase of pirate attacks. Also in the new location the villagers had to protect themselves against pirates, and built unique underground shelters known as "moursa". Gradually, the village grew. In 1857, 73 men aged 18 to 60 paid 2,336 piastres to escape conscription. It had 35 families in 1863 and had 74 houses in 1874. Since 1918 Agia Sofia is part of the community of Fisini. Agia Sofia had 277 inhabitants in 1928, it had 191 in 1961 and only 55 in 2001. The public school, opened in 1919, was closed in 1972.
East of the village the ruins of the locality Agiomarnos can be found. 
Paradeisi.
The hill Paradeisi (286 m elevation) dominates southeastern Lemnos. It is situated northwest of Agia Sofia, and southwest of Kaminia. On old maps it is referred to as "Neptune hill" (Colle di Nettune) (Porcacchi, 1572), Neptunius Collis (Ortelius, 1589 and Mercator, 1607 and 1630). The name Paradeisi ("paradise") was first mentioned on a map of Joseph Roux (1764).

</doc>
<doc id="20491159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491159" title="Free Beer (comedic musical duo)">
Free Beer (comedic musical duo)

Free Beer was a Canadian comedic musical duo, established in 1979 by Newfoundland entertainer Kevin Blackmore and Lorne Elliott, who hails from Montreal. The duo toured throughout eastern Canada, from Newfoundland to Montreal, performing in bars and on university campuses. 
The duo separated in 1982. Blackmore soon established a new group, Buddy Wasisname and the Other Fellers, specializing in Newfoundland music and comedy. 
Lorne Elliott became the lead performer in CBC's "Madly Off in All Directions".

</doc>
<doc id="20491173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491173" title="New York Polyphony">
New York Polyphony

New York Polyphony is a professional male classical vocal quartet based in New York City. 
Although the ensemble draws heavily from the music of the Medieval and Renaissance periods, New York Polyphony has demonstrated a commitment to contemporary music and—in the case of commissions by Andrew Smith, Gregory Brown, Jackson Hill and others—works by living composers. In addition, the ensemble frequently collaborates with musicians working in different mediums such as experimental performer/ composer Bora Yoon and violinist Lizzie Ball.
Founded in 2006, the ensemble tours extensively throughout the United States and Europe. New York Polyphony has participated in major concert series and festivals, including the Miller Theatre Music Series at Columbia University; Dallas Chamber Music Series; Ireland’s Ardee Baroque Festival; Denmark’s Vendsyssel Festival; Festival de Música de Morelia, Mexico; and the Mostly Mozart Festival at Lincoln Center.
In 2011, New York Polyphony signed an exclusive contract with BIS Records. Their first CD on BIS, "endBeginning", is scheduled for worldwide release Spring 2012. The disc features the first-known recording of 'Lamentationes Jeremiae a 4' by Thomas Crecquillon as well as other works by composers of the Franco-Flemish Renaissance.
Prior to signing with BIS Records, New York Polyphony released two CDs on the British label Avie Records, "I sing the birth" (2007) and "Tudor City" (2010). Both discs received substantial critical acclaim, but only the latter reached the top ten of the "Billboard" classical chart, peaking at #6 in June 2010. "Surrexit Christus", a digital EP featuring the music of Andrew Smith remixed by Bora Yoon and composer/ producer Btoven, was released Summer 2010.
In 2011, a Gregorian chant remix competition sponsored by Indaba Music resulted in the digital-only EP "Devices and Desires".
New York Polyphony has been featured on National Public Radio's "All Things Considered", Minnesota Public Radio's "New Classical Tracks", WNYC - New York Public Radio's "Choral Fixation" and Public Radio International's "Footprints to Paradise: A Medieval Christmas". The ensemble made their television debut in December 2011 on The Martha Stewart Show.
The current lineup includes countertenor Geoffrey Williams, tenor Steven Caldicott Wilson, baritone Christopher Herbert and bass Craig Phillips. Founding members Scott Dispensa and Geoffrey Silver left the group in 2010 and 2011 respectively.
The ensemble is represented by Opus 3 Artists.

</doc>
<doc id="20491195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491195" title="Ekeremor tribe">
Ekeremor tribe

The Ekeremor tribe (Operemor, Operemo) of the Ijaw people inhabits Ekeremor Local Government Area, Bayelsa State and Burutu Local Government Area, Delta State in southern Nigeria. Important Ekeremor settlements include: Ekeremor, Ojobo (Ozobo), Amabilo, Ndoro. The Ekeremor tribe has close historical and kinship ties with the Oporoma, Eastern Olodiama and Ogbe tribes. The worship of the god Egbesu is widespread among the Ekeremor.

</doc>
<doc id="20491198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491198" title="Quincuncina burkei">
Quincuncina burkei

Quincuncina burkei is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.
This species is endemic to North America.
Original description.
Species "Quincuncina burkei" was originally described by Bryant Walker in 1922.
Walkers's original text (the type description) reads as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20491225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491225" title="Deaths in December 2008">
Deaths in December 2008

__NOTOC__
The following is a list of notable deaths in December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20491227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491227" title="Zhao Suikang">
Zhao Suikang

Suikang Zhao (in Chinese Zhao Suikang 赵穗康) (1956-) is a Chinese artist who works on many different media including monumental public projects.
Life.
Born in Shanghai, China in 1956, Zhao has lived in the U.S. since 1986. Zhao finished his graduate study at School of Visual Arts in New York 1990. Zhao is a professor and head of sculpture at Fine Arts Department, Fashion Institute of Technology, State University of New York.
Works.
Zhao has done many paintings, sculptures, media-site-specific installations that involves moving images and sound. Zhao’s artwork has huge scale yet with intimate touch. Since 1989, Zhao has worked many permanent public art commissions. His roster includes:

</doc>
<doc id="20491238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491238" title="Philip Clemo">
Philip Clemo

Philip Clemo is a British musician, composer, record producer, sound artist and filmmaker.
Early life.
Philip James Clemo was born on 3 August 1964 in Insch, Aberdeenshire, Scotland. He attended Inverurie Academy. His father headed the local Vets Practice. Whilst still at the local primary school his interest in music first became apparent. He used to host discos for the local kids in his parents billiard room. He moved to London in 1982, where he has lived until 2011 apart from a year in Sydney, Australia in the mid-1990s. He now lives in East Sussex in southern England. His musical education began as a teenager when he took guitar lessons from Scottish singer-songwriter Iain MacDonald, who went on to release two albums in the mid-80s.
Career.
Music.
Creative process.
Clemo's music crosses genres between jazz, post-rock, contemporary classical and electronica. In the studio he builds complex textures and develops them through a process of composition and improvisation, with contributions from a diverse group of musicians. He also extensively weaves in field recordings made in locations such as Delhi streets, Malaysian rainforests, Sydney building sites, Icelandic mud pools and a glass and metal workshops.
Collaborative work.
Clemo worked on his debut album, Inhale the Colours, while living in Sydney in 1996/97. The album was released under the name Sound, in 1997, featuring contributions from eleven musicians, notably Ysanne Spevack, aka Mee, on violin and vocals, who shared composition credits with Clemo. A second album with Spevack, Soundzero, was completed in 1999 and was released in March 2009. Both albums featured, amongst others, Phil Slater on trumpet, and Tarlochan (Bobby) Singh on tabla with the British rhythm section of Mark Sanders (drums), John Edwards (double bass) and Pete Lockett (percussion) joining on the Soundzero album. Australian vocalist Royce Doherty (Kiva) guested on three tracks on Inhale the Colours (with the track Fade being co-produced by Australian producer Roy Nicholson), while Jazz singer Cleveland Watkiss, often heavily processed, made a guest appearance on Soundzero.
Solo work.
Philip Clemo's third album, Ambiguous Dialogues, was released in 2004 on Metier Jazz. It was the first released under his own name and featured 12 musicians, including Sanders, Edwards and Lockett as rhythm section with Clive Bell (reeds) and Tom Chant (soprano saxophone and bass clarinet).
In October 2008, Clemo released his fourth album, The Rooms, a musical progression through different sound "rooms" or "spaces" featuring 22 musicians such as Clive Bell, Theo Travis (saxophone and flute), Simon Hopkins (electric guitar), B.J Cole (pedal steel), Henry Lowther (trumpet and flugelhorn) and a Prague string quartet. Clemo credits veteran sound engineer Phill Brown, who has worked with Jimi Hendrix and Bob Marley among others, for his invaluable contribution to the recording process of The Rooms.
Philip Clemo's 5th album Mesmer was released on 1 October 2012, with contributions from 14 musicians including Kevin Pollard (piano), B J Cole (pedal steel), Byron Wallen (trumpet and flugelhorn), Oren Marshall (tuba), Emily Burridge (cello) and Thomas Bloch (glass harmonica, crystal baschet and ondes martenot).
Film-making.
Since 1989, Philip Clemo has made several short films shot in locations around the world, including India, Vietnam, Australia and Iceland. He filmed his first major project, 'The Air Holds Still On My Breath - The Iceland Journey', in the Summer of 2008. The film, a series of abstract 'mood paintings' to music from The Rooms was shot using specialist camera technology to capture extreme slow motion details of geothermal activity and waterfalls, and from the air using a gyro-stabilised camera mounted on a helicopter. The Icelandic film project has now grown into a larger feature film project 'Breath: Symphony of the Senses'. Breath, which is in development, presents new perspectives on landscapes from around the world. It maps the human journey from birth to death, and beyond, and explores a parallel journey from sleepwalking to awakening. The dramas of human life are illustrated through the metaphors of landscape and climate, and the human body is explored as a virtual landscape, including in extreme close up and on a specially developed ‘energy field’ camera. The film also explores the terrains of micro ‘landscapes’ through the use of unique high magnification microscopic systems.
Philip Clemo uses video projections of his film work extensively in his live performances.

</doc>
<doc id="20491248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491248" title="Diazonaphthoquinone">
Diazonaphthoquinone

Diazonaphthoquinone (DNQ) is a diazo derivative of naphthoquinone. Upon exposure to light, it undergoes a Wolff rearrangement to form a ketene. This chemical reaction is exploited with a variety of diazonaphthoquinone derivatives in the semiconductor industry.
Diazonaphthoquinone sulfonic acid esters are commonly used as components of photoresist materials for semiconductor manufacturing. In this application DNQs are mixed with Novolac resin, a type of phenolic polymer. The DNQ functions as a dissolution inhibitor. During the masking/patterning process, portions of the photoresist film are exposed to light while others remain unexposed. In the unexposed regions of the resist film, the DNQ acts as a dissolution inhibitor and the resist remains insoluble in the aqueous base developer. In the exposed regions, the DNQ forms a ketene, which, in turn, reacts with ambient water to form a base soluble indene carboxylic acid. The exposed regions of the photoresist film become soluble in aqueous base; thus allowing the formation of a relief image during development.

</doc>
<doc id="20491250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491250" title="Perineal sponge">
Perineal sponge

The perineal sponge is a spongy cushion of tissue and blood vessels found in the lower genital area of women. It sits between the vaginal opening and rectum and is internal to the perineum and perineal body.
Functions.
The perineal sponge is composed of erectile tissue; during arousal, it becomes swollen with blood compressing the outer third of the vagina along with the vestibular bulbs and urethral sponge thereby creating a tighter fit and additional stimulation for the penis. 
Sexual stimulation.
The perineal sponge is erogenous tissue encompassing a large number of nerve endings, and can, therefore, be stimulated through the back wall of the vagina or the top wall of the rectum. Referring to the G-Spot, this area is sometimes called the PS-spot (perineal sponge spot).

</doc>
<doc id="20491297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491297" title="Walt">
Walt

Walt may refer to:
Given name.
Walt is a short form of Walter. The following people are known as Walt:

</doc>
<doc id="20491322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491322" title="Ekeremor">
Ekeremor

Ekeremor is one of the eight local government areas (LGAs) in Bayelsa State, Nigeria. It borders Delta State and has a coastline of approximately 60 km on the Bight of Bonny. Its headquarters are in the town of Ekeremor in the northeast of the area.
It has an area of 1,810 km² and a population of 270,257 at the 2006 census.
The postal code of the area is 561.
Demographics.
Ekeremor LGA is home to members of the Ekeremor clan of the Ijaw ethnic group. According the Nigeria 2006 Census, Ekeremor LGA has a population of roughly 270,000 people (53% male, 47% female).
Politics.
As of August 2007, Robinson Etolor was chairman of the local government council. However, there has been a long running dispute over the post between Etulor and his predecessor Donald Daunemigha.
Ekeremor LGA sends three representatives to the Bayelsa State House of Assembly.
Bayelsa State Deputy Governor Peremobowei Ebebi is a native of Aleibiri town in Ekeremor LGA. Before becoming deputy governor, he represented Ekeremor I constituency in the Bayelsa State House of Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="20491338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491338" title="Etta James discography">
Etta James discography

The discography for American Blues artist Etta James consists of 28 studio albums, 3 live albums, and 6 compilations. She has also issued a total of 58 singles, one of which titled, "The Wallflower (Dance with Me, Henry)," reached #1 on the Rhythm and Blues Records chart in 1955.
After moving to San Francisco, California in the early 1950s, James formed a singing trio, which attracted the attention of Johnny Otis, who helped her sign a recording contract with Modern Records in 1954. She recorded an answer song to Hank Ballard's "Work with Me, Annie," called "The Wallflower (Dance with Me, Henry)" (with her vocal group "The Peaches" singing background vocals), which topped the R&B charts for four weeks in 1955. The Peaches eventually left the label and James recorded as a solo act, having a second Top 10 hit in 1955 with "Good Rockin' Daddy." She continually recorded for the label until the end of the decade, but without much success.
After beginning to date The Moonglows vocalist, Harvey Fuqua, James signed with Chess Records' subsidiary, Argo. Producer Leonard Chess believed James had crossover Pop potential and backed her material with orchestral arrangements. With this new style, many of James's songs became hits on both the R&B and Pop charts, such as "All I Could Do Was Cry, "At Last," and "Trust in Me." She released her debut album, "At Last!" in 1960, followed by "The Second Time Around" in 1961. In 1967, James changed her music into more Soul-inspired material, and had her first Top 10 hit in three years with "Tell Mama," which was followed by an album of the same name. In the 1970s, her popularity declined on radio, but remained under Chess records, recording five albums for the label, departing from them with 1975's "Etta Is Betta Than Evvah".
After battling drug and alcohol addictions, James returned with her first studio album in nine years in 1989 titled, "Seven Year Itch" on Island Records. Her two albums in the early 90s for Island and later Elektra, varied in style from contemporary to Soul, but James eventually settled in on the Private Music label. Recording a total of ten albums for the label between 1997 and 2002, her albums included variations of contemporary blues to traditional Jazz, such as her 1997 tribute album to Billie Holiday titled, "Mystery Lady: Songs of Billie Holiday." In 2004, she signed with RCA Victor and released "Blues to the Bone" that same year, followed by a Pop standards release, "All the Way," in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20491357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491357" title="Sulfonanilide">
Sulfonanilide

A sulfonanilide group is functional group that is a type of sulfonamide group which contains a sulfur atom bonded to two oxygen, one carbon atom, and one nitrogen contained within a derivative of aniline.

</doc>
<doc id="20491370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491370" title="Aline Mayrisch de Saint-Hubert">
Aline Mayrisch de Saint-Hubert

Aline Mayrisch de Saint-Hubert (22 August 1874 – 20 January 1947), née Aline de Saint-Hubert, was a Luxembourgian women's rights campaigner, socialite, philanthropist. Mayrisch established many non-governmental organisations, and was President of the Luxembourg Red Cross. She married to Émile Mayrisch.
Saint-Hubert was the daughter of Xavier de Saint-Hubert, and sister of Jeanne de Saint-Hubert, who had married Xavier Brasseur the previous year (and would marry Brasseur's cousin, Robert Brasseur, in 1914). She married the industrialist Émile Mayrisch, who would become President of the steel giant Arbed, on 15 September 1894.
The first of many organisations that she set up was the 'League for the Defence of the Women's Interests' () in 1905. Saint-Hubert offered the patronage to Hereditary Grand Duchess Marie-Adelaide, but she declined, as a Roman Catholic feminist organisation was due to be set up.
The league's main purposes was to seek the establishment of public girls' schools, which gained momentum with the League's creation of the associated Association for the Creation of a School for Young Girls. This campaign achieved success in 1911, when the Chamber of Deputies unanimously voted to establish publicly funded girls' schools in Luxembourg City and Esch-sur-Alzette. At the same time, Mayrisch persuaded a group of other prominent Luxembourgian ladies to establish the Association of Girl Guides.
On the outbreak of the First World War, Saint-Hubert set up a hospital near Dudelange, for the aid of servicemen of either side. After the war, she played a key role in setting up the Luxembourgian League Against Tuberculosis, of which she was Vice-President. She and her husband Émile were the main donors to the League and her other endeavours over the years. She soon became involved in the Luxembourg Red Cross, being appointed a member of its administrative council in 1926, Vice-President after the death of Émile in 1928, and President in 1933.
She and her husband moved to Colpach in 1920, and after the war they received many German and French intellectuals here under the name of "Cercle de Colpach", such as Paul Claudel, Jean Guéhenno, Jacques Rivière, Karl Jaspers, Bernard Groethuysen, André Gide, Jean Schlumberger, Ernst Robert Curtius, Annette Kolb and Richard Coudenhove-Kalergi. They turned their old house in Dudelange into a home for children, the "Fondation Kreuzberg".
The Lycée Aline Mayrisch, open in 2001 in Luxembourg City, the city in which she was born, is named after her.

</doc>
<doc id="20491373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491373" title="Ossian Hall">
Ossian Hall

Ossian Hall was an 18th-century plantation in Annandale, Fairfax County, Virginia. Ossian Hall was one of three large residences, along with Oak Hill (Annandale, Virginia), and Ravensworth (plantation), owned by the Fitzhugh family in Fairfax County.
Location.
Ossian Hall was located north of Braddock Road and east of the Capital Beltway (Interstate 495).
History.
Ossian Hall was built on the Ravensworth land grant by Nicholas Fitzhugh, son of Henry Fitzhugh. In 1804, Dr. David Stuart, a commissioner for the Federal City, purchased Ossian Hall and relocated there with his wife, Eleanor Calvert Custis Stuart, and their children.
Joseph L. Bristow, an American politician from Kansas, purchased Ossian Hall in 1918 and died there on July 14, 1944. 
On September 3, 1959, Ossian Hall was burned as a training exercise for the Annandale Fire Department.

</doc>
<doc id="20491374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491374" title="Stratia">
Stratia

Stratia () was an ancient city in Arcadia. It was mentioned by Homer in the Second "Rhapsodies" of the "Iliad" as one of the Arcadian cities that participated in the Trojan War, led by general Agapenor. Even in antiquity its location was unknown. The ancient belief that it was situated on an island in the river Ladon was dismissed by Pausanias.

</doc>
<doc id="20491388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491388" title="Minuscule 2268">
Minuscule 2268

Minuscule 2268 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 2058 (Soden's numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament. Paleografically it has been assigned to the 13th century. Only one leaf of the codex has survived. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of Mark 1:1-14 on 1 parchment leaf (23.4 cm by 16.7 cm). The text is written in one column per page, in 22 lines per page (15.3 by 12 cm).
The titles written in red ink, the initial letters in gold. The text is divided according to the Ammonian Sections, whose numbers are given at the margin, with references to the Eusebian Canons (written below Ammonian Section numbers). It contains pictures (portraits of the four Evangelist). 
Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex did not place it in any Category.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
History.
The codex now is located in the Kenneth Willis Clark Collection of the Duke University (Gk MS 4) at Durham. 

</doc>
<doc id="20491389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491389" title="Joker (graphic novel)">
Joker (graphic novel)

Joker is an original graphic novel written by Brian Azzarello and illustrated by Lee Bermejo. It was published in 2008 by DC Comics. It is based on characters from DC's Batman series, focusing primarily on the title character. It is a unique take on the Batman mythos, set in an alternate reality with a noir atmosphere and narrated by one of the Joker's henchmen.
Publication history.
Azzarello and Bermejo had previously worked on a similar take on the main Superman villain in "", and "Joker" grew out of a discussion following completion of the project and was greenlit by DC Editor Dan DiDio the following day. The initial plan was to reflect this connection with a title sharing the same structure, "Joker: The Dark Knight" but it was felt to be too similar to the film "The Dark Knight", and so the name was shortened. When the writer was asked if he preferred writing villains he said "I relate to them. I don't relate to the heroes. The Man, tryin' to keep you down!"
Bermejo's Joker is similar to the character's appearance in "The Dark Knight". Bermejo did the same design as a gift for a Batman film site prior to the film's release.
Plot.
Jonny Frost, a low-level thug, is sent to Arkham Asylum to pick up the Joker. Joker immediately takes a liking to Frost, using him as a chauffeur. Frost drives the Joker to the lair of Killer Croc. The three go to the "Grin and Bare It" strip bar, which was formerly owned by the Joker. With the help of Harley Quinn, the Joker kills the new owner and asks the shocked audience if they are willing to help him take his city back. 
Next morning, the Joker robs a bank and coaxes the Penguin (mockingly referred to as "Abner") to invest the stolen money. The Joker embarks on a killing spree, murdering many thugs who stole his money, turf, and bizarre sense of reputation. Informed by the Penguin that Harvey Dent, a crime boss with a split personality, is evading a talk with him, an engraged Joker trashes a phone, kills one of his own henchmen, and then sets the "Grin and Bare It" on fire. 
The next day, Frost is detained by Dent, who warns Frost that the Joker will kill him. Subsequently, Frost is late to the Joker's meeting with the Riddler, a disabled weapons dealer. They exchange a briefcase, and the Joker leaves. Once on the road, the Joker's crew is shot at by off-duty cops hired by Dent, and Frost saves the Joker's life in the scuffle. 
Joker embarks on a turf war against Dent, prompting him to meet with Joker. They meet at the city zoo. Joker brings the briefcase he got from the Riddler. Joker says he has learned Dent has two wives, and threatens to use the contents of the briefcase as leverage against him. The meeting becomes hostile. Joker attacks Dent, with shards of broken glass glued to his fingertips. When Dent's men raise their guns, Harley (disguised as an ape in a cage) expertly shoots each one in the head.
After helping Frost get his ex-wife Shelly back from Dent, Joker rapes her. He says this makes them even, since Frost "cheated" on the Joker by not revealing his own meeting with Dent. Later, Harvey paints a bat on a spotlight, and pleads with Batman to stop Joker. When Joker and Frost return to their apartment, they find the window shattered and flee to Croc's lair. However, Batman has already subdued Croc and his gang.
In a final attempt to escape, Joker and Frost flee to a nearby bridge. While Joker is "screaming through tears", Jonny inexplicably finds himself laughing, unable to stop. They find Batman in wait, and Joker, being provoked by Batman's tauntings, shoots Frost in the chin. Joker and Batman fight as Frost climbs over the edge of the bridge and falls.
Reception.
The graphic novel generally received positive reviews. IGN stated "Brian Azzarello and Lee Bermejo's Joker is a deeply disturbing and completely unnerving work, a literary achievement that takes its place right alongside Alan Moore's "" as one of the few successful attempts to scratch beneath the surface of the Joker's impenetrable psyche". AICN noted that "The story is compelling, especially the gut-wrenching showdown at the end of the book, and the art is mouth-wateringly good." 

</doc>
<doc id="20491392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491392" title="CD Soledad">
CD Soledad

Club Deportivo Soledad was a Spanish football team based in Palma, Majorca, in the autonomous community of Balearic Islands. Founded in 1929, it played its last season (2009–10) in Regional Preferente, holding home games at "Estadio Son Malferit", with a capacity of 3,500 seats.
History.
In 2005, "Soledad" was merged with CD Paguera, which had just promoted to "Tercera División". On July, 2010, CD Soledad was forced to dissolved due to not be able to pay fully debts with its players.

</doc>
<doc id="20491452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491452" title="P-Chlorocresol">
P-Chlorocresol

"p"-Chlorocresol is a chlorinated phenol which is used as an antiseptic and preservative. It forms colourless, dimorphous crystals at room temperature and is only slightly soluble in water. For use as a disinfectant such as a hand wash, it is commonly dissolved in alcohol in combination with other phenols. It is a moderate allergen for sensitive skin.

</doc>
<doc id="20491466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491466" title="Beaver Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Beaver Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Beaver Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, USA. As of the 2000 census, its population was 39.

</doc>
<doc id="20491496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491496" title="Maxime Bono">
Maxime Bono

Maxime Bono (born on 1 November 1947 in Algiers, Algeria) is a French politician and a member of the Socialist party. He has been a mayor of La Rochelle since April 1999 and a president of the Agglomeration community of La Rochelle since January 2000. He has been a MP of the Charente-Maritime's 1st constituency from April 1999 until June 2012. During his two mandates, he was a member of the Socialist, Radical, Citizen and Miscellaneous Left parliamentary group.
Legal studies and work.
Maxime Bono studied public law in the Law and Economics Faculty of the University of Toulouse, graduating with a licence in 1971. He has been a tax inspector between 1972 and 1982. 
In 1983, he became cultural councillor of the municipality of La Rochelle. In 1985, he became representative in the cabinet of Michel Crépeau, then mayor of La Rochelle. In 1986, he became chief of the staff of Michel Crépeau.
Political career (1975–2012).
Early period (1975–1999).
He has been a member of the Socialist party since 1974. 
He has been a first deputy mayor of La Rochelle during ten years (1989–1999). He was in charge of cultural affairs during this period. From 1993 to 1999, he has been a vice president of the Community of cities of La Rochelle. He was in charge of economics during this period. From 1992 to 1999, he has represented the La Rochelle 6th canton in the General Council of Charente-Maritime.
From 1995 to 1999, he has been a president of the municipality-owned company of the public transportation of La Rochelle.
Mayor of La Rochelle (1999−present) and MP (1999−2012).
A mayor of La Rochelle since 1971, a MP of the Charente-Maritime's 1st constituency (1973–1993, again from 1997), a former Minister (1981–1986) during the first presidential mandate of François Mitterrand, Michel Crépeau died in Paris on 30 March 1999, after a heart attack which had arisen few days earlier during a parliamentary session of the National Assembly. 
In April 1999, Maxime Bono succeeded him as a mayor of La Rochelle, a president of the Community of cities of La Rochelle and a MP of the Charente-Maritime's 1st constituency (the nine cantons of La Rochelle and the two cantons of the Île de Ré). In January 2000, the Community of cities turned into the Agglomeration community of La Rochelle, which currently groups together eighteen towns and villages of Aunis. 
On 27 April 1999, he resigned as a general councillor of La Rochelle-6 because of the law of the accumulation of mandates ("Cumul des mandats").
However, he didn't seek a third parliamentary mandate in 2012. In the National Assembly, he sat as a member in the committee of the sustainable development and spatial planning. Olivier Falorni ("Divers Gauche") succeeded him as a MP of the Charente-Maritime's 1st constituency.
Elections (2001-2008).
Municipal elections.
In the 2001 municipal elections, Maxime Bono's miscellaneous left list largely overtook the absolute majority from the first round (67.36%, 15,190 votes). He even polled more than his predecessor Michel Crépeau in 1995 (58.02%).
In the 2008 municipal elections, his miscellaneous left list again largely overtook the absolute majority from the first round. Despite the competition of six lists and a lower percentage than in 2001, his municipal list polled 58.93% (15.400 votes) and got 41 of the 49 seats.
Parliamentary elections.
The first constituency of the Charente-Maritime consists of La Rochelle, some of its surrounding towns and villages (Dompierre-sur-Mer, Esnandes, L'Houmeau, Lagord, Marsilly, Nieul-sur-Mer, Périgny, Puilboreau, Saint-Xandre) and the ten municipalities of the Île de Ré (Ars-en-Ré, La Couarde-sur-Mer, La Flotte, Le Bois-Plage-en-Ré, Les Portes-en-Ré, Loix, Rivedoux-Plage, Saint-Clément-des-Baleines, Saint-Martin-de-Ré, Sainte-Marie-de-Ré).
La Rochelle in 2002.
Polling 37.12% (21,138 votes) in the first round, Maxime Bono largely overtook the UMP candidate Catherine Normandin (27.63%, 15,731 votes). In the run-off, he was elected as MP with 53.02% (28,725 votes).
He attained his highest score in La Rochelle in the first round (41.45%, 12,027 votes) and in the run-off (57.74%, 15,834 votes). Except for Dompierre-sur-Mer where he was overtaken by four votes by Catherine Normandin, he headed in the first round in all the surrounding towns and villages of La Rochelle. Except for Lagord and Marsilly, he got the absolute majority in the run-off in all the surrounding towns and villages of La Rochelle. In the first round, he arrived in second position in the ten municipalities of the Île de Ré; his lowest score was in La Couarde-sur-Mer (21.71%). In the second round, he was defeated by Catherine Normandin in the ten municipalities of the Île de Ré; his lowest score was in Les Portes-en-Ré (32.08%).
La Rochelle in 2007.
Polling 40.77% (23,928 votes) in the first round, Maxime Bono overtook the UMP candidate Dominique Morvant, then general councillor of La Rochelle-4 (35.95%, 21,099 votes). In the run-off, he was re-elected as MP with 55.05% (32,345 votes). Compared to 2002, he slightly increased his parliamentary score.
He attained his highest score in Esnandes in the first round (45.49%) and in the run-off (62.84%). In La Rochelle, he polled 45.14% (13.120 votes) in the first round and 60.69% (17.667 votes) in the run-off. Except for Marsilly in the first round and the run-off, he headed in the first round and got the absolute majority in the run-off in all the surrounding towns and villages of La Rochelle. In the first round, he arrived in second position in the ten municipalities of the Île de Ré; like in 2002, his lowest score was in La Couarde-sur-Mer (23.11%). In the run-off, he was defeated by Dominique Morvant in the ten municipalities of the Île de Ré; his lowest score was in Loix (32.44%).

</doc>
<doc id="20491501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491501" title="Maxime Gremetz">
Maxime Gremetz

Maxime Gremetz (born September 3, 1940) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Somme department, and is a member of the Gauche démocrate et républicaine.

</doc>
<doc id="20491510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491510" title="Michel Bouvard">
Michel Bouvard

Michel Bouvard (born March 17, 1955 in Argenteuil, Val-d'Oise) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Savoie department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20491528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491528" title="Gariwangsan">
Gariwangsan

Gariwangsan is a mountain between the counties of Jeongseon and Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do, in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20491533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491533" title="Georg Christian Knapp">
Georg Christian Knapp

Georg Christian Knapp (September 17, 1753 – October 14, 1825) was a German Protestant theologian.
Biography.
He was born in Glaucha, now a part of Halle, and received his early education in the orphan school at Halle (), of which his father was director. He later studied theology at the Universities of Halle and Göttingen. In 1777 he was an associate professor at Halle, where in 1782 he became a full professor of theology. In 1785 he was appointed "Kondirektor" of the "Franckesche Stiftungen" (Francke Foundations). He died in Halle.
Knapp was a prominent member of the Pietist movement, and a representative of Biblical Supranaturalism. He was the author of "Die Psalmen übersetzt und mit Anmerkungen" (The Psalms, translation with annotations) (1777), and "Vorlesungen über die christliche Glaubenslehre", a work that was later translated into English (with some additions) as "Lectures on Christian Theology" by Leonard Woods, Jr.
Knapp was father-in-law to theologian Johann Karl Thilo (1794–1853).

</doc>
<doc id="20491535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491535" title="Michel Buillard">
Michel Buillard

Michel Buillard (born September 9, 1950) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the islands of French Polynesia and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20491545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491545" title="Serenity High School">
Serenity High School

Serenity High School is the oldest substance-abuse recovery public high school in Texas. It was founded in 1999 as a partnership between the McKinney Independent School District and the Avenues Counseling Center in McKinney, Texas, and serves several school districts in and around Collin County, Texas. As of November 2008, it has served over 150 graduates from over 25 high schools.
The school was rated Academically Acceptable in the 2009 TEA accountability rating.
Mission and academics.
Serenity High offers traditional instruction, self-paced studies, online instruction, and dual-credit instruction in conjunction with Collin College. It has a student-teacher ratio of 10 to 1.
Funding.
Serenity High School is funded through the McKinney ISD, state funding, and private fundraising. Out-of-district students pay tuition or have their local school districts pay tuition on their behalf.
In 2002 and 2003, the school district considered closing the school due to costs. Private funds kept it open.
In the fall of 2003, the school received a $160,000 grant from the Texas Education Agency.
As of November 2008, private fundraising efforts included an annual golf tournament.
Affiliations and accreditations.
The school is in the McKinney Independent School District and is affiliated with the Association of Recovery Schools. In addition, students from the Anna ISD, Celina ISD, Community ISD, Farmersville ISD, Frisco ISD, Garland ISD, Gunter ISD, Melissa ISD, Pilot Point ISD, Plano ISD, Princeton ISD, Richardson ISD, Rockwall ISD, and Wylie ISD may attend without paying out-of-district tuition. The school is accredited by the State of Texas but did not receive a rating for the 2007-2008 school year
National attention.
In 2002, federal officials considering creating similar schools in the United States said the school could serve as a national model.

</doc>
<doc id="20491553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491553" title="Michel Delebarre">
Michel Delebarre

Michel Delebarre (born 27 April 1946) is a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Nord department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche. He is also mayor of Dunkirk. 
Michel Delebarre graduated with a degree in Geography. In 1982 he was appointed Head of Private Office for Prime Minister Pierre Mauroy. During François Mitterrand's Presidency he held several ministerial posts between 1984 and 1986 and between 1988 and 1993. His portfolios included: Labour, Social Affairs, Transport, and the Public Service. He was also appointed the first Minister for urban planning.
In 1989 Michel Delebarre was elected Mayor of Dunkirk (re-elected in 1995, 2001, 2008) and in 2002 member of the French National Assembly on behalf of the Parti Socialiste (re-elected in 2007). From 1998 to 2001 he was President of the Regional Council of "Nord-Pas-de Calais". From 1999 until 2008, Michel Delebarre chaired the largest French Association of Social Housing (Union Sociale pour l'Habitat) representing 820 local branches with a 5 mln rental housing stock.
Involved in the wiretap scandal (President François Mitterrand and Jean-Edern Hallier), he was condemned by justice in 2005.
In February 2006 he was elected President of the Committee of the Regions of the European Union (CoR). Between February 2008 and 2010, he was First Vice-President of the CoR.
Political career.
Governmental functions
Minister of Labour, Employment, and Vocational training : 1984-1986.
Minister of Social Affairs and Employment : May–June 1988.
Minister of Transports and Sea : 1988-1989.
Minister of Equipment, Housing, Transport and the Sea : 1989-1990.
Minister of State, minister of City : 1990-1991.
Minister of State, minister for City and Planning : 1991-1992.
Minister of State, minister of Public Service and Administrative Reforms : 1992-1993.
Electoral mandates
National Assembly of France
Member of the National Assembly of France for Nord (French department) (13th constituency) : 1986-1988 (Became minister in 1988) / 1997-1998 (Resignation) / 2002-2011 (Elected senator). Elected in 1986, reelected in 1988, 1997, 2002, 2007.
Senate of France
Senator of Nord (departement) : Since 2011. Elected in 2011.
Regional Council
President of the Regional Council of Nord-Pas-de-Calais : 1998-2001 (Resignation). 
Vice-president of the Regional Council of Nord-Pas-de-Calais : 1986-1998. Reelected in 1992.
Regional councillor of Nord-Pas-de-Calais : 1986-2002 (Resignation). Reelected in 1992, 1998.
Municipal Council
Mayor of Dunkerque : Since 1989. Reelected in 1995, 2001, 2008.
Municipal councillor of Dunkerque : Since 1989. Reelected in 1995, 2001, 2008.
Urban Community Council
President of the Urban Community of Dunkerque : Since 1995. Reelected in 2001, 2008.
Member of the Urban Community of Dunkerque : Since 1989. Reelected in 1995, 2001, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20491555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491555" title="Bundesbahn">
Bundesbahn

Bundesbahn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20491560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491560" title="Ugly law">
Ugly law

From the late 1860s until the 1970s, several American cities had ugly laws making it illegal for persons with "unsightly or disgusting" disabilities to appear in public. Some of these laws were called unsightly beggar ordinances.
Examples.
The first appearance of the ordinance seems to date to 1867 in San Francisco, California. The ordinance seems to have been welcomed particularly from the 1880s on in Western and particularly Midwestern cities with strong, networked cultures of reform, towns bound to each other and the rest of the nation by railroad ties. Its zone extended eastward, too. The state of Pennsylvania passed a state version of the law in the early 1890s. Some New Yorkers, inspired by Pennsylvania, made an unsuccessful attempt to get a city ordinance passed in 1895.
Punishments for being caught in public ranged from incarceration to fines of up to $50.00 USD for each offense.
Repeal.
Many states' ugly laws were not repealed until the mid-1970s. Omaha repealed its ugly law in 1967. Columbus withdrew its in 1972. Chicago was the last to repeal its ugly law as late as 1974.
Americans with Disabilities Act.
The recantation of ugly laws preceded the passing of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 where certain rights were granted to people with disabilities:
Individuals with disabilities are a discrete and insular minority who have been faced with restrictions and limitations, subjected to a history of purposeful unequal treatment, and relegated to a position of political powerlessness in our society, based on characteristics that are beyond the control of such individuals and resulting from stereotypic assumptions not truly indicative of the individual ability of such individuals to participate in, and contribute to, society.

</doc>
<doc id="20491564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491564" title="Michel Destot">
Michel Destot

Michel Destot (born September 2, 1946) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Isère department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche. He has been the mayor of Grenoble since 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20491574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491574" title="Michel Diefenbacher">
Michel Diefenbacher

Michel Diefenbacher (born July 15, 1947 in Sarrebourg) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Lot-et-Garonne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20491587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491587" title="Michel Françaix">
Michel Françaix

Michel Françaix (born May 28, 1943) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Oise department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20491595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491595" title="Michel Grall">
Michel Grall

Michel Grall (born September 11, 1961) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Morbihan department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20491605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491605" title="Michel Havard">
Michel Havard

Michel Havard (born March 24, 1967) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Rhône department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20491616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491616" title="Michel Heinrich">
Michel Heinrich

Michel Heinrich (born February 15, 1946) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Vosges department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20491617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491617" title="Teuthis">
Teuthis

Teuthis () was a city in ancient Arcadia. It was part of the region of Orchomenus. It was abandoned when Megalopolis was founded. There were sanctuaries of Athena, Aphrodite and Artemis in the town. It was in the location of modern Dimitsana.
Its residents participated in the Trojan War under a general who was named Teuthis or Ornytus. When the Greeks were stuck in Aulis because of unfavourable winds, Teuthis fought with Agamemnon and decided to return home with his army. The goddess Athena appeared in the form of Melas and tried to dissuade him, but he would not change his mind; he was outraged and hit the goddess in the thigh with a spear. He then did return home but not much later, he dreamt of Athena with a wound in her thigh; the goddess punished him with an incurable headache and struck Arcadia with famine. Later, the city residents visited the oracle of Dodona and accordingly built the statue of Athena with a bandage on the thigh as an appeasement.
The ancient acropolis has been excavated, and several ancient buildings have been found scattered throughout the town Dimitsana.

</doc>
<doc id="20491623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491623" title="Michel Herbillon">
Michel Herbillon

Michel Herbillon (born March 6, 1951) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Val-de-Marne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20491630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491630" title="Engenni people">
Engenni people

The Engenni people (Ngeni) are considered by themselves and some to be an Ijaw clan and by others (mainly academics) to be a branch of the Edo (Bini) ethnic group. They primarily live in Ahoada West Local Government Area of Rivers State, Nigeria. Although they consider themselves to be Ijaw, the Engenni speak an Edoid language. The Engenni have close relations with neighboring Ijaw tribes such as the Zarama and Epie-Atissa.<br> . Historically, it is claimed that Engenni migrated from the old Benin Empire about 1000 years ago. In the cause of migration they first settled in an isoko community and later founded a settlement called Ewurebe. Though no longer in existence, history has it that the settlement was situated near the border between the present-day Biseni in Bayelsa State and Engenni. They later migrated and founded other settlements which include Okilogua, Okpankio, Nyenegile and Eliabi (Akinima) and later founded the present day Engennni communities and other outside Engenni kingdom. Some communities founded from Engenni migration include, Degema, Usokun, Obonoma and Zarama. Engenni historical presence is also felt at Kula, Bile and some communities in Abua, Ogbia, as well as some other communities in Bayelsa State.
Politically, Engenni is a part that forms the present-day Ahoada West Local Government Area of Rivers State, it host the local Government Headquarters, Akinima. The kingdom has only one Government recognized traditional ruler, the Okilom-Ibe of Engenni. Who is the paramount ruler of the Kingdom. All the groups have a Group-head known as the Okilom-Opiri. The communities also have traditional heads known as the Okilom-Akie.
Economically, Engenni is rich. it has crude oil in abundance. There are several oil wells scattered along the community. The major prospecting oil companies in the area are shell and Agip. 
Engenni people.
The Engenni people are very friendly and hospitable people from villages as Akinima, Ikodi-Engenni,Kunusha-Engenni,Igovia-Engenni, Mbiama, Akieoniso,One Man Country,'the Joinkramas',Clinton Village, Okarki, Udoda, Ogbogolo and more. The kingdom is subdivided into five Groups which include, Joinkrama, Ogua, Ediro North, Ediro South, and Ogbogolo.

</doc>
<doc id="20491633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491633" title="Michel Hunault">
Michel Hunault

Michel Hunault (born February 14, 1960) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Loire-Atlantique department, and is a member of the New Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20491642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491642" title="Michel Issindou">
Michel Issindou

Michel Issindou (born July 12, 1952) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Isère department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20491648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491648" title="Michel Lefait">
Michel Lefait

Michel Lefait (born May 20, 1946) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Pas-de-Calais department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20491661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491661" title="Michel Lezeau">
Michel Lezeau

Michel Lezeau (born December 20, 1942) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Indre-et-Loire department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20491663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491663" title="Agmon's inequality">
Agmon's inequality

In mathematical analysis, Agmon's inequalities, named after Shmuel Agmon, consist of two closely related interpolation inequalities between the Lebesgue space formula_1 and the Sobolev spaces formula_2. It is useful in the study of partial differential equations. 
Let formula_3 where formula_4. Then Agmon's inequalities in 3D state that there exists a constant formula_5 such that
and
In 2D, the first inequality still holds, but not the second: let formula_3 where formula_9. Then Agmon's inequality in 2D states that there exists a constant formula_5 such that

</doc>
<doc id="20491673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491673" title="Michel Liebgott">
Michel Liebgott

Michel Liebgott (born February 15, 1958 in Algrange) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Moselle department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20491683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491683" title="Michel Ménard">
Michel Ménard

Michel Ménard (born May 20, 1961) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Loire-Atlantique department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20491693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491693" title="Michel Pajon">
Michel Pajon

Michel Pajon (born June 30, 1949) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Seine-Saint-Denis department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20491699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491699" title="Stephen Wallace Taylor">
Stephen Wallace Taylor

Stephen Wallace Taylor (born 1965) is a historian and chair of the Department of History and Political Science at Macon State College, in Macon, Georgia.
Taylor is the author of "The New South's New Frontier: A Social History of Economic Development in Southwestern North Carolina (New Perspectives on the History of the South)", released in 2001, which one reviewer called "a concise and provocative economic history." Taylor has presented his research to national and international scholarly audiences, including the Organization of American Historians, the American Studies Association, the American Society for Environmental History, the Appalachian Studies Association, and the Southern Historical Association. His current research focuses on federal environmental policy and the uses of technology in the Great Smoky Mountains. 
His other published research includes "From Tomato Fields to Tourists: the Development of Hilton Head Island", (with Margaret A. Shannon) in Richard Starnes, ed., Southern Journeys: Tourism, History and Culture in the Modern South (University of Alabama Press, 2003), "Citizens against Wilderness: Environmentalism and the Politics of Marginalization in the Great Smoky Mountains” in Heather Goodall, Paul Rosier, and Sylvia Washington, eds., Echoes from the Poisoned Well" (Lexington Books/Rowman and Littlefield, 2006), and "Technocracy on the March: The Tennessee Valley Authority and the Promotion of Technology, 1943-1982", in Susanna Delfino and Michele Gillespie, eds., Technology, Innovation, and Southern Industrialization: From the Antebellum Age to the Computer Age (University of Missouri Press, 2008).
Taylor received his Ph.D. in History at the University of Tennessee, in Knoxville, Tennessee. His doctoral dissertation, "Building the Back of Beyond: Government Authority, Community Life and Economic Development in the Upper Little Tennessee Valley, 1880-1992" was the winner of the King Award for Best Dissertation in Southern History.
He has specific interests in history of tourism and economic development, especially the socioeconomic history of the American South. Taylor’s general research areas include American Studies; Business and Commerce History; Environmental / Rural / Agricultural History / Geography; Labor History / Studies; State and Local History / Museums;Teaching;U.S. History and Culture; and African-American Studies.
Taylor lent his knowledge to and was featured in a television documentary called "Hillbilly: The Real Story" that aired on The History Channel and was hosted by Billy Ray Cyrus.

</doc>
<doc id="20491705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491705" title="Peter Paul and Others v Bundesrepublik Deutschland">
Peter Paul and Others v Bundesrepublik Deutschland

Peter Paul and Others v Bundesrepublik Deutschland ( ECR I-09425) is a European Court of Justice case regarding the civil liability of bank regulators in a case where those regulators were alleged to have failed in their duty. As of November 2008, it is the only ECJ case to consider the Deposit Guarantee Directive (94/19/EC), which was one of the causes of the Icesave dispute between Iceland and the United Kingdom in late 2008.
The Court ruled that the various Directives on banking supervision did not confer rights on individuals, and so individual depositors were not entitled to damages from banking supervisors if those Directives were breached. The only individual right guaranteed under European Union law was the minimum deposit insurance, covering the first 20 000 euros.

</doc>
<doc id="20491708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491708" title="Michel Piron">
Michel Piron

Michel Piron (born March 15, 1943) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Maine-et-Loire department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20491718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491718" title="Michel Raison">
Michel Raison

Michel Raison (born November 5, 1949 in Besançon, Doubs) was a member of the National Assembly of France from 2007 to 2012. He represented the Haute-Saône department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20491728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491728" title="WEMM">
WEMM

WEMM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20491730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491730" title="Epie-Atissa people">
Epie-Atissa people

The Epie and Atissa are two small tribes that live along Epie Creek, northeast of Yenagoa, Bayelsa State, Nigeria. Together, they are commonly known at the Epie-Atissa. This people was established by migrants both from Ijaw tribes to the south and from the Engenni to the north. The Engenni people are considered to be an offshoot of the Edo people. As a result, the Epie-Atissa share cultural aspects of both the Ijaw and the Engenni.
Epie-Atissa settlements include: Onopa, Igbogene, Kpansia, Ogu, Edepie, Yenaka, Opolo, Swali, Ikolo, Ekenfa, Yenagoa, and Biogbolo.
They speak the Epie language.
The Epie and Atissa remain two separate tribes. The Epie have villages that run from Igbogene to Amarata namely Igbogene, Yenegwe, Akenfa, Agudama Epie, Akenpai, Edepie, Okutukutu, Opolo, Biogbolo, Yenizue Gene, Kpansia, Yenizue Epie, Okaka, Ekeki, Azikoro and Amarata. The Atissa have villages that run from Onopa to Ikolo to Ogu to Agbura namely Onopa, Ovom, Yenagoa, Bebelibiri, Yenaka, Ikolo, Famgbe, Obogoro, Akaba, Ogu, Swali, and Agbura.The Epie language is recorded sometime in the 1970s to have about 12000 speakers spread across igbogene to amarata,but within the last 30years the numbers of living speakers have greatlly reduced. Though there is no current record of the present numbers of speakers.The Epie language is not spared from the global epidemic that has befall most of the worlds little languages.The forces that have contributed greatlly to the decline in the numbers of speakers are not new .Urbanisation and westernisation are factors though,but another major problem that has contributed to the decline is the absence of certain cultural norms that one usually find in other Nigerian ethnic group.for example the traditional chiefs and elders of council are very young men and women, some of them in their 20s.these young people have lost touch of the basic cultural heritage and hence not capable of transferring it to the younger generations.

</doc>
<doc id="20491734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491734" title="Michel Sainte-Marie">
Michel Sainte-Marie

Michel Sainte-Marie (born August 18, 1938 in Bayonne, Pyrénées-Atlantiques) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Gironde department, and is a member of the Socialist, radical, citizen and miscellaneous left (SRC) party.

</doc>
<doc id="20491743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491743" title="Michel Sapin">
Michel Sapin

Michel Sapin ( ; born 9 April 1952) is a French politician and a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Indre department, and is a member of the "Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche". On 16 May 2012, he became the Minister of Labour, Employment and Social Affairs in the Ayrault Cabinet.
Biography.
Michel Sapin was born on April 9, 1952 in Boulogne-Billancourt, Hauts-de-Seine, France. He attended the Lycée Henri IV, followed by Paris-Sorbonne University, where he received a B.A. in History and an MPhil in Geography. He then attended the "École Normale Supérieure", the "Institut d'études politiques de Paris", and the "École nationale d'administration".
From 1989 to 1994, he served as councillor for Nanterre. From 1995 to 2001, he was the Mayor of Argenton-sur-Creuse. He has served again as such since 2002. He served as Deputy Minister of Justice from May 1991 to April 1992, Finance Minister from April 1992 to March 1993, and Minister of Civil Servants and State Reforms from March 2000 to May 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20491749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491749" title="Michel Sordi">
Michel Sordi

Michel Sordi (born November 9, 1953) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Haut-Rhin department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20491759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491759" title="Michel Terrot">
Michel Terrot

Michel Terrot (born December 18, 1948 in Lyon) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Rhône department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20491769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491769" title="Michel Vaxès">
Michel Vaxès

Michel Vaxès (born November 14, 1940) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Bouches-du-Rhône department, and is a member of the Gauche démocrate et républicaine.

</doc>
<doc id="20491779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491779" title="Michel Vergnier">
Michel Vergnier

Michel Vergnier (born November 25, 1946 in Ennery, Moselle) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Creuse department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20491780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491780" title="First Baptist Church (Lynchburg, Virginia)">
First Baptist Church (Lynchburg, Virginia)

The First Baptist Church, a historic Baptist church located at Lynchburg, Virginia. It is built of hard-pressed red brick on a rough granite foundation. The main facade of the church, facing Eleventh Street, and the two sides are centered with large rose windows framed within Gothic arches covered with hood moldings. Construction began in 1884 and the church was dedicated in 1886. In the 1920s, Lynchburg architect Stanhope S. Johnson designed the complementary Sunday School annex. In 1941, the interior of the sanctuary was modified by Stanhope S. Johnson, with the creation of a divided chancel. It is home to the oldest Baptist congregation of Lynchburg, established in July 1815.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is located in the Court House Hill-Downtown Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="20491785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491785" title="Michel Voisin">
Michel Voisin

Michel Voisin (born October 6, 1944 in Replonges, Ain) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the 4th constituency of the Ain department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20491793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491793" title="Michel Zumkeller">
Michel Zumkeller

Michel Zumkeller (born January 21, 1966 in Belfort) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Territoire de Belfort department, and is a member of the Radical Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20491795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491795" title="Kabo tribe">
Kabo tribe

The Kabo tribe (Kabowei, Kabu-Owei) of the Ijaw people lives in the vicinity of Patani in Delta State, Nigeria. The tribe gets its name from its founder, Kabo, and from Kabobolou Creek. Two Kabo towns (Kolowari and Aven) are located along the creek. Other Kabo settlements include: Patani, Elemebiri (Ofonibeingha), Asamabiri, and Ekperiwari.
Because of their close contact with neighboring peoples, most Kabo are bilingual, speaking their own Ijaw dialect as well as the Urhobo or Isoko language.<br> 
The Pere of Kabu-Owei is the paramount ruler of the Kabu-Owei Kingdom. The towns, which make up the Kabu-Owei Kingdom, are Koloware, Aven. (Taware, Akowre, Ogemware, Ekise, Osou-ware, Okruware, Ajfenaware, Okruware) known as Patani (Opu-Kabu) Asedeni and Pereware can be found in Abare all in Patani Local Government Area of Delta State, while Asamabiri, Ekperi-ware, Elemebiri, Trofani Aduku, New Patani and Adagbabiri are all in Sagbama Local Government Area of Bayelsa State.
Altogether there are nineteen quarters (towns) in Kabu-Owei. Koloware is the eldest of the Kobuowei quarters. Patani, comprising eight quarters, is the headquarters of the clan and the seat of the paramount traditional ruler. The Pere of Kabu-Owei Kingdom Major L.M Erebulu (Rtd.)
The Aduwo II. He is a first class recognized and gazette traditional ruler and a member of the Delta State Council of Chiefs while the other side of the divide (Bayelsa State) has three third class recognized traditional rulers. The title of Opuodubowei of Kabu Owei Kingdom is the highest traditional title to be bestowed on any individual from the kingdom.
History.
Centuries ago, Kabobolou Creek was the main channel of the Forcados River. According to local oral traditions, the Kabo tribe built a barrier on the river in order to prevent European ships using the river to conduct slave raids. The Kabo cooperated with the nearby Kumbo tribe to divert the Forcados onto its current course. As a result of this diversion, however, the Kabo lost their commercial preeminence to the Mein, who dominated the banks of the lower Forcados River. The Kabo remained confined to the banks of the small Kabobolou Creek. Over time, the clan sought to expand its influence beyond this backwater. The result of this expansion effort was the establishment of the town of Patani. The name "Patani" is derived from the Kabo rallying cry during slave raids: "paa tein" ('Let us push adrift').

</doc>
<doc id="20491802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491802" title="Michèle Delaunay">
Michèle Delaunay

Michèle Delaunay (born Clermont-Ferrand, 8 January 1947) is a French politician who, until her appointment as Junior Minister for the Elderly and Dependent Care at the Ministry of Social Affairs and Health by President François Hollande on 16 May 2012, was a member of the National Assembly of France where she represented the 2nd constituency of the Gironde on behalf of the Socialist Party.
On 15 April 2013 she was forced to reveal personal financial information by President Francois Hollande, who demanded that all ministers publish details of their personal wealth. Her net worth was reported at over $7,000,000 including $20,000 worth of jewelry.
Career.
Governmental function
Minister for the Elderly and Dependent Care : Since May 2012.
Electoral mandates
Member of the National Assembly of France for Gironde (2nd constituency) : Since 2007. Elected in 2007.
General councillor of Gironde : Since 2004. Reelected in 2011.
Municipal councillor of Bordeaux : 2001-2007 (Resignation).

</doc>
<doc id="20491814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491814" title="Michèle Tabarot">
Michèle Tabarot

Michèle Tabarot (born October 13, 1962, Alicante, Spain) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Alpes-Maritimes 9th constituency, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20491815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491815" title="Viswanatha Nayak">
Viswanatha Nayak

Viswanatha Nayak was the Vijayanagara viceroy to Madurai in south India during the 16th century. He later became the ruler of Madurai after the fall of the Vijayanagara empire. He is the founder of the Nayak dynasty of Madurai. 
He was supported by his general Ariyanatha Mudaliar who led Viswantha Nayak's army became second in command and took power along with the latter in Tirunelveli in southern India. Viswantha Nayak was then succeeded by his son Krishnappa Nayak who along with his father's able minister Ariyanatha expanded the Madurai Kingdom under the Nayaks and brought most of the ancient Pandyan territory under its rule.
History.
He was the son of Nagama Nayaka, the successful general of Krishnadevaraya in the Vijayanagara empire. In the early 16th century, the Chola ruler Veerasekara Chola invaded the Madurai country and deposed the Pandya king Chandrasekara Pandyan. 
The Pandya king was under the protection of the Vijayanagara empire and he appealed to the court of Vijayanagara, and an expedition under Kotikam Nagama Nayaka was sent to his aid. Nagama suppressed the Chola ruler and took Madurai, but then suddenly he threw off his allegiance and declining to help the Pandya king, usurped the throne. The Vijayanagar emperor demanded that someone cure the defection: Nagama’s own son, Viswanatha, volunteered, and the king sent him with a large force against the rebel. He overthrew his father and handed him over to the emperor and as a reward for his loyalty the king appointed Viswanatha Nayaka as the governor of Madurai and other provinces in the Tamil country thus leading to formation of the Nayak Kingdom of Madurai in 1529.
Telugu film.
This historical event was made as Telugu film in 1987 entitled "Vishwanatha Nayakudu" under the direction of Dasari Narayana Rao. Superstar Krishna portrayed the title role, white Shivaji Ganesan as his father and Krishnam Raju as Krishnadevaraja.

</doc>
<doc id="20491840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491840" title="Monique Boulestin">
Monique Boulestin

Monique Boulestin (born March 13, 1951 in Châlus, Haute-Vienne) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Haute-Vienne department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20491848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491848" title="Monique Iborra">
Monique Iborra

Monique Iborra (born March 8, 1945 in Maison-Carrée, Algeria) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Haute-Garonne department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20491861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491861" title="Muriel Marland-Militello">
Muriel Marland-Militello

Muriel Marland-Militello (born July 30, 1943) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Alpes-Maritimes department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. She is also a member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE). In this capacity she asked Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan a question about the protection of minorities in Turkey during his appearance before the PACE in April 2011 and drew up a dismissing response from him. Later, she disclosed towards media that she could have Armenian origin.

</doc>
<doc id="20491875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491875" title="Nicolas Dhuicq">
Nicolas Dhuicq

Nicolas Dhuicq (born November 29, 1960 in Paris) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Aube department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20491884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491884" title="Nicolas Forissier">
Nicolas Forissier

Nicolas Forissier (born February 17, 1961 in Paris) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Indre department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20491894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491894" title="41st Bombardment Group">
41st Bombardment Group

The 41st Bombardment Group is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the Seventh Air Force stationed at Manila, Philippines. It was inactivated on 27 January 1946.
A World War II medium bomber unit, the 41st was cited for extraordinary heroism in action against the enemy Japanese forces during the Okinawa Campaign, from 4 April 1945 to 14 July 1945. Bearing the burden of land-based aircraft bombardment missions, the 41st Bombardment Group began the first sustained medium bombardment strikes against the main islands of Japan. It established its facilities and operated its aircraft under the most hazardous field conditions. Undeterred by either the constant rain during April and May or by heavy enemy artillery shelling and repeated day and night aerial bombing of the air strips, the unit succeeded in carrying out highly effective aerial operations against the enemy from Kyushu to the southern-most island of the Ryukyu Group,flying reconnaissance and search missions, escort missions, day and night bomber strikes.
History.
The 41st Bombardment Group was activated 15 January 1941 at March Field, California. Its components were the 46th, 47th, and 48th Bombardment Squadrons. Attached to the 19th Bombardment Group for training, the 41st received a cadre of 4 officers and 120 enlisted men from the parent organization. During February the Group received additional personnel, and four months after activation it received its first aircraft, one PT-17 for each squadron. In June, two B-18s were assigned to each squadron. Meanwhile, on 14 May the Group moved to Tucson, where it grew to a third of its authorized strength. It was not until after it moved to the Muroc Bombing and Gunnery Range, California, four days after the attack on Pearl Harbor, that the Group received a full complement of personnel and equipment. Within a month, a large increment of pilots had arrived from flying school and 45 A-29s had been assigned to the Group.
Antisubmarine patrols.
On 26 February, the 41st moved to Hammer Field, Fresno, California. In addition to training its pilots and ground crews, the Group also assisted in patrolling the coastal waters for enemy submarines. In May, the 46th Bombardment Squadron moved to Alameda, California, where the pilots assisted the Navy in patrol duty. Later in the same year the 48th moved to Alameda and continued its patrol work.
Meanwhile, the composition of the Group had changed. The 6th Reconnaissance Squadron (later redesignated the 396th Bombardment Squadron) was assigned during March 1942. Headquarters Squadron was disbanded in July 1942. During the following year, in March 1943, the 46th was reassigned, and in October the 820th took its place in the Group. Thus the Group consisted of the 47th, 48th, 396th, and 820th Bombardment Squadrons.
By mid-1943 the military situation in the Pacific had changed considerably. The United States was no longer on the defensive. Units which had been employed to defend the west coast might now be diverted to the Pacific to press the attack against the enemy. A projected offensive against the Japanese in the Central Pacific required that the Seventh Air Force be augmented by one heavy and one medium bombardment group. In order to fill one those requirements, the Army Air Force decided to place the 41st under the jurisdiction of the Seventh Air Force.
The 41st Bombardment Group moved from California to Hawaii during October 1943. At Oahu Hawaii, the men of the 41st were briefed on how to live in the tropics. Meanwhile, in the Central Pacific, the carrier fleets began the preliminary bombardment of the Gilbert Islands. On 20 November, the Marines charged ashore on the beaches of Tarawa, the most strategic of the enemy held islands in the Gilberts. After 72 hours of bitter fighting the island was secured and the United States forces had acquired a base from which it could launch an attach against the next island group, the Marshalls.
Central Pacific.
The 41st moved from Hawaii and on 17 December arrived at Tarawa. Before the Group could mount its own offensive however, the rubble caused by the recent fighting had to be cleared away and the airstrips repaired. The uncomfortable climate, the temporary delay, and an outbreak of dengus and dysentery combined to make life miserable for the men of the 41st. Frequent Japanese nuisance raids added to the sense of helpless frustration. On 28 December, the 820th Squadron launched the Group's combat mission with an attack on the new enemy air facilities at Mili Atoll in the Marshall Islands. During the month of January 1944 the Group conducted 215 sorties against the Japanese positions in the Marshalls. Maloelap, Wotje, Mili, and Jaluit became familiar to the crews of the B-25s. Those islands contained air facilities from which the Japanese might interfere with the scheduled invasions of Kwajalein and Eniwetok set for February 1944. In low-level attacks, the medium bombers of the 41st effectively raked Japanese installations and sipping. The raids however, were made at a high cost for the unit. Enemy opposition, particularly over Maloelap, was stiff, and at times as many as 50 enemy fighters rose to challenge the Group's formations. Between 28 December and 12 February the Group lost 17 B-25s.
During February, the offensive continued with the seizure of Kwajalein and Eniwetok atolls. The capture of Eniwetok gave the medium bombers a base of operations for attacks on the strategically important island of Ponape, located 400 miles west of Eniwetok in the eastern Caroline Islands. The Group concentrated on neutralizing the bypassed islands in the Marshalls, but flights were staged from Engebi Island in the Eniwetok Atoll to attack enemy shipping in the Carolines.
In an attempt to lower its losses on the bombing raids, the Group switched from low level altitude to medium and high altitude approaches over the target areas. The change of tactics, plus the fact that the Japanese air forces were greatly diminishing, resulted in a significant decline the number of losses incurred by the 41st. In April, the Group initiated a series of shuttle runs. Proceeding from the base at Tarawa, the B-25s struck at Mili and Jaluit, landed and reloaded at Majuro Airfield, bombed Maloelap and Wotje, returned to Majuro, and bombed Mili and Jaluit on the way back to Tarawa. On each trip the B-25s struck 6 targets on 3 separate missions. The shuttle bombing made it possible for the 41st to push its combat total to 98 missions for the month of April.
Upon completion of the Marshall invasions, United States forces had pushed to a point about midway between Pearl Harbor and Japan. By June, invasion forces were assembled the attack on the Mariana Islands, the next island group on the way to the Japanese homeland. On 15 July the Marines landed on Saipan and three weeks later the island was considered secure for American forces. Within another week, the Seventh Air Force moved the 48th Bombardment Squadron to Saipan to assist in softening up enemy defenses preparatory to the next invasions in the Marianas. For a week the 48th Squadron and other units bombarded Guam and Tinian. Then on 21 July, United States forces invaded Guam and three days later invaded Tinian. For the next three weeks, the 48th rendered close support to the ground forces by strafing and bombing enemy positions. On 19 August, the 48th Squadron returned to the Group, which was now located at Makin in the Gilbert Islands. Meanwhile, the remainder of the 41st Group continued the monotonous routine of neutralizing enemy bases in the Marshalls and raiding enemy targets in the eastern Carolines.
Southwest Pacific.
By the Fall of 1944, the medium bombers of the 41st were no longer needed in the Central Pacific, so the Seventh Air Force withdrew the Group to Wheeler Field, Hawaii in October 1944. For seven months the Group remained in Hawaii, flying antisubmarine patrols and training missions. The crews practiced bombing, using a newer model B-25, and acquainted themselves with the capabilities of rockets, which had replaced the 75mm cannon of the older B-25s. New gunnery techniques were also employed during practice on tow targets, and gun cameras were used during maneuvers with local fighters.
In 1945, the United States mounted a new offensive, this time against the islands on the periphery of the Japanese homeland. The United States launched the bitter battle at Iwo Jima in February 1945 and attacked Okinawa in April. In June 1945, while fighting still raged on Okinawa, the 41st Group moved from Hawaii to an airfield near Kadena. The B-25s hit Japanese air facilities nearby in an attempt to neutralize enemy islands and troop concentrations. During July, the Group flew 36 missions, dropping framentation and general purpose bombs on enemy airfields, bridges, railroads, and shipping facilities. When the fighting subsided, the medium bombers struck at targets outside the Ryukyus. Chiran Airfield on Kyushu was hit by B-25s, and in a raid over the China mainland the Group bombed the enemy held Chang Wan Airfield near Shanghai. The 41st also raided enemy shipping in an attempt to tighten a blockade of the Japanese home islands. On 22 July, the unit and two other groups bombed an enemy convoy at the mouth of the Yangtze River in China. New tactics against Japanese shipping included an experiment with glide bombs against targets in Sasebo, Makurasaki, and Nagasaki harbors. The 41st conducted 11 more missions against targets on Kyushu during the first twelve days of August 1945.
Inactivation.
The end of the war came in August, and the Group moved to Morotai. Two weeks later another move was made to Machinato Airfield on Okinawa, where the unit's activity consisted of routine training flights and maintenance checks. Demobilization began during September, and by October many of the unit's veterans had departed. The dismantling of the Group continued. During the month its planes were transferred to Clark Field in the Philippines. In November, only a skeleton force remained. The 47th and 48th Squadrons were reduced to a one and one status, and the 396th was converted into a service unit for Seventh Air Force units operating in the Machinato area. In December, the Group was transferred to the Philippines, where inactivation occurred on 27 January 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="20491896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491896" title="Nicolas Perruchot">
Nicolas Perruchot

Nicolas Perruchot (born July 9, 1966) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Loir-et-Cher department, and is a member of the New Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20491898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491898" title="WEMM (AM)">
WEMM (AM)

WEMM (1200 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Huntington, West Virginia, USA. The station is owned by Mortenson Broadcasting and the broadcast license is held by Mortenson Broadcasting Co. of West Virginia, LLC.
It airs a gospel music format with some Christian programming, according to the station's own web site.
History.
Early days.
This station, as WPLH, signed on for the first time on November 29, 1946, with a "grand opening" program broadcast live from the Hotel Prichard in Huntington. WPLH transmitted at 1450 kHz with a 250 watt non-directional signal. The Huntington Broadcasting Corporation, owned and operated by Flem J. Evans, advertised broadcasting, recording and transcription services as being available at the WPLH studios. The station offered a mix of live and recorded local programming, live hillbilly music from the Echo Valley Boys and other groups, plus national programming from the Mutual Network. The callsign was said to stand for "Work, Play, and Live in Huntington."
Move to 1470.
In 1952, control of Huntington Broadcasting Corp. passed to E.A. Marshall until he was succeeded by Charles Krause in 1956. Also, at some point before 1956, the station changed broadcast frequencies from 1450 kHz to 1470 kHz. Struggling financially, the station was sold to The Tierney Company in 1958. The new owners downsized the staff and moved the studio facilities to a smaller location. 
WPLH was sold again in 1960, this time to the Ohio River Broadcasting Corporation. The station's callsign was changed to WWHY, advertised as the "Fun Channel" and "Home of the Flyin' HY Guys." The new image was for the new format of pop hits and rock and roll. In the late-1960s and early-1970s WWHY was a power in the Tri-State area. The next two decades would see the station's format change several times and in the 1970s the callsign changed to WKSD (for "Kan't Stop Dancing" or "Kool Sound of Disco").
1980s.
In March 1981, the license for this station was involuntarily transferred to Leo J. Meisel, interim trustee, after the station's owner fell into serious financial difficulties. The transfer was approved by the FCC on March 27, 1981, and the transaction was completed on April 22, 1981. This station was re-assigned its former call letters WWHY by the Federal Communications Commission on July 9, 1981.
In September 1985, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation filed to force Meisel to transfer the license to the FDIC. In March 1987, Meisel reached an agreement to instead donate the license for this station to the Marshall University Foundation, Inc. The deal was approved by the FCC on June 17, 1987, and the transaction was consummated on July 2, 1987. This transfer, arranged as part of a settlement agreement with the FDIC, caused the FDIC to drop its claim and the FCC to dismiss the transfer request. On July 10, 1987, the new owners had the station's call letters changed to WHRD to match the Marshall University sports nickname, the "Thundering Herd."
1990s.
In July 1991, the Marshall University Foundation, Inc., reached an agreement to sell this station to Southern Communications Corporation. The deal was approved by the FCC on August 27, 1991, and the transaction was consummated on October 23, 1991.
In February 1995, Southern Communications Corporation signed a deal to sell this station to Simmons Broadcasting Company. The deal was approved by the FCC on April 11, 1995, and the transaction was consummated on May 20, 1995. In April 1997, control of station licensee Simmons Broadcasting Company was passed from David L. Simmons to W. Lee Simmons. This transfer was approved by the FCC on June 27, 1997.
2000s.
In November 2000, Simmons Broadcasting Company (Lee Simmons, president) completed a deal to sell this station to Concord Media Group, Inc. (Mark W. Jorgenson, president/owner) for a reported $200,000. The deal was approved by the FCC on January 17, 2001, and the transaction was consummated on February 16, 2001. At the time of the sale, the station aired a sports radio format.
In May 2003, Concord Media Group, Inc., agreed to sell this station to Mortenson Broadcasting through their Mortenson Broadcasting Company of West Virginia, LLC, holding company. The deal was approved by the FCC on November 12, 2003, and the transaction was consummated on January 30, 2004. On February 9, 2004, the new owners had the FCC change this station's callsign to WEMM to match its new FM sister station (which itself was changed from WEMM to WEMM-FM at the same time). From February 2004 to September 2008, served as a simulcast partner to sister station WEMM-FM (107.9 FM).
Move to 1200.
Based on applications filed in January 2004 and November 2005, the FCC granted this station a construction permit on October 25, 2007, to change broadcast frequencies from 1470 kHz to 1200 kHz, increase daytime signal power to 22,000 watts, change critical hours signal power to 8,000 watts, and decrease nighttime signal power to just 9 watts. The low nighttime power is required to protect the signal of clear channel AM WOAI in San Antonio, Texas, which also broadcasts at 1200 kHz.
The station was assigned the WRWB call letters by the FCC on September 1, 2008.
2010s.
The call sign was changed again to WNBL on November 1, 2010, to match the station's "Better Life Radio" branding. As WNBL, the station played music on weekdays with educational and inspirational programs on Saturday plus religious programs on Sunday. After construction and testing were completed in January 2011, the station received a new broadcast license for the new 1200 kHz frequency on February 8, 2011.
The call sign was reverted to WEMM on December 20, 2011. The new format is Gospel Music.

</doc>
<doc id="20491903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491903" title="Velocity">
Velocity

Velocity is the rate of change of the position of an object, equivalent to a specification of its speed and direction of motion, e.g. 60 km/h to the north.
Velocity is an important concept in kinematics, the branch of classical mechanics which describes the motion of bodies.
Velocity is a vector physical quantity; both magnitude and direction are required to define it. The scalar absolute value (magnitude) of velocity is called "speed", a quantity that is measured in metres per second (m/s or m·s−1) in the SI (metric) system. For example, "5 metres per second" is a scalar (not a vector), whereas "5 metres per second east" is a vector.
If there is a change in speed, direction, or both, then the object has a changing velocity and is said to be undergoing an "acceleration".
Constant velocity vs acceleration.
To have a constant velocity, an object must have a constant speed in a constant direction. Constant direction constrains the object to motion in a straight path (the object's path does not curve). Thus, a constant velocity means motion in a straight line at a constant speed.
For example, a car moving at a constant 20 kilometres per hour in a circular path has a constant speed, but does not have a constant velocity because its direction changes. Hence, the car is considered to be undergoing an acceleration.
Distinction between speed and velocity.
Speed describes only how fast an object is moving, whereas velocity gives both how fast and in what direction the object is moving. If a car is said to travel at 60 km/h, its speed has been specified. However, if the car is said to move at 60 km/h to the north, its velocity has now been specified.
The big difference can be noticed when we consider movement around a circle. When something moves in a circle and returns to its starting point its average velocity is zero but its average speed is found by dividing the circumference of the circle by the time taken to move around the circle. This is because the average velocity is calculated by only considering the displacement between the starting and the end points while the average speed considers only the total distance traveled.
Equation of motion.
The "average" velocity formula_1 of an object moving through a displacement formula_2 during a time interval formula_3 is described by the formula:
The velocity vector v of an object that has positions formula_5 at time formula_6 and formula_7 at time formula_8, can be computed as the derivative of position:
where
The "magnitude of the transverse velocity" is that of the cross product of the unit vector in the direction of the displacement and the velocity vector. It is also the product of the angular speed formula_11 and the magnitude of the displacement.
such that
Angular momentum in scalar form is the mass times the distance to the origin times the transverse velocity, or equivalently, the mass times the distance squared times the angular speed. The sign convention for angular momentum is the same as that for angular velocity.
where
The expression formula_17 is known as moment of inertia.
If forces are in the radial direction only with an inverse square dependence, as in the case of a gravitational orbit, angular momentum is constant, and transverse speed is inversely proportional to the distance, angular speed is inversely proportional to the distance squared, and the rate at which area is swept out is constant. These relations are known as Kepler's laws of planetary motion.

</doc>
<doc id="20491907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491907" title="Nicole Ameline">
Nicole Ameline

Nicole Ameline (born July 4, 1952 in Saint-Vaast-en-Auge) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the department of Calvados as a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
Biography.
Titled a Doctor of law, specialising in the environment, she entered the office of the Minister for the Environment, Michel d'Ornano. A powerful man from Calvados, he convinced her to invest in her native department. After administrative posts at Hornfleur then on the Conseil Général du Calvados, she entered politics as deputy to Michel d'Ornano on the National Assembly of France in 1988, and took over from him on his death in 1991.
In 1993, with Yves Boisseau as deputy, she was elected with a large majority in the second round on the UDF ticket. She was opposed by a National Front candidate, and on the left by Corinne Lepage, who failed to qualify for the second round.
En May 1995 with the victory of Jacques Chirac, she left her post in order to enter the Government of Alain Juppé. The same year, she headed the Hornfleur Majorité Présidentielle list for the municipality, but lost by 37 votes to an independent ecologist. She left the government in November with the other "Juppettes" and she easily regained her seat in December.
Re-elected following the dissolution of 1997, she was the only member on the Calvados right. The following year, she joined the Regional Council of Lower Normandy, as Vice President, deputy to Rene Garrec, president of the region since 1986.
Re-elected as a member in 2002 under the banner of the "Union pour la majorité présidentielle", newly created from the UMP, she was a minister in the Raffarin government, responsible for the Sea for one month, then had full responsibility for Parity and Professional Equality, up until Jean-Pierre Raffarin's resignation on 31 May 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20491919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491919" title="Odette Duriez">
Odette Duriez

Odette Duriez (born May 7, 1948 in Merville, Nord) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Pas-de-Calais department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20491930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491930" title="Odile Saugues">
Odile Saugues

Odile Saugues (born January 26, 1943) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Puy-de-Dôme department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20491933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491933" title="4th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Heavy Artillery">
4th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Heavy Artillery

The 4th Regiment of Massachusetts Volunteer Heavy Artillery was a unit that served in the Union Army during the latter part of the American Civil War. It was formed from former Unattached Companies of Heavy Artillery raised by Massachusetts to serve the state and for the defenses of Washington, D.C..
History.
In the late summer of 1864, fourteen companies of heavy artillery were raised throughout Massachusetts for the purpose of coastal defense of the state. They were to be "unattached", thus not part of a regiment, and sent to various military locations for a one-year term. They were numbered 17 through 30, and were the Unattached Companies of Heavy Artillery. They encamped on Gallops Island in Boston Harbor, where they organized and were mustered in during latter part of August and into the first days of September 1864. In September, they were ordered to Washington, DC for garrison duty in the forts surrounding the capital. The last companies to leave, the 29th and 30th, left on 26 Sept and 29 Oct, respectively.
On 12 Nov 1864, a War Department order consolidated 12 of the companies, numbered 17 through 28, into one regiment, the 4th Regiment Massachusetts Heavy Artillery. Col William S King, formerly of the 35th Massachusetts Infantry, was put in command. They remained in Washington for the remainder of the war, until their mustering out on 17 June 1865.
29th and 30th Unattached Companies.
While the 17th through 28th Unattached Companies were combined into a single regiment, the 29th and 30th remained single units. They also served in garrisoning the forts around the capital until their time of mustering out on 16 June 1865. The 29th, with 157 officers and enlisted men, lost 2 to disease, while the 30th lost none of their 150 volunteers.
Complement.
The regiment consisted of 72 officers and 1757 enlisted men, 21 of them dying by disease or accident.

</doc>
<doc id="20491936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491936" title="Masting sheer">
Masting sheer

A masting sheer, sheers, shears or masting crane is a specialised shipyard crane, intended for placing tall masts onto large sailing ships. "Sheers" is an old name for a fixed crane formed by one or two wooden beams, fixed at the base and supported by ropes.
Ancient sailing ships did not require sheers to erect their masts, as they could be lifted into place by ropes and allowed to pivot around their feet. As ships became larger, their larger and heavier masts were no longer able to be handled in this way. A crane was needed, tall enough to lift the entire mast vertically and then lower it into the ship. By the 18th century, such sheers were a necessity in any large shipyard. 
As sheers are not required to move, they were often constructed as masonry towers, with wooden jib structures atop them. Few have survived intact, but some of the towers remain, having now lost their jibs.
In the late-19th century, the increasing size and capacity of general harbour cranes began to overlap with the lofty but lightweight masting sheer and so their specialisation was no longer required. 

</doc>
<doc id="20491940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491940" title="Mitch Vogel">
Mitch Vogel

Mitch Vogel (born January 17, 1956) is an American former child actor. Beginning his professional acting career at the age of ten, Vogel is perhaps best known for his role as the red-headed orphan, Jamie Hunter-Cartwright on the NBC western series "Bonanza", as well as for his feature film roles; as Tommy North in "Yours, Mine and Ours" and as Lucius McCaslin in "The Reivers".
Biography.
Early life and career.
Born in Alhambra, California, Vogel began his acting career at the age of ten, appearing in stage productions of "Tom Sawyer", "Heidi", "Peter Pan" and "The Wizard of Oz". As his acting career progressed, he attended Heinz Kaiser Junior High School in Costa Mesa, California from 1969 to 1970 and later attended Jordan Jr. High school in Burbank, California.
Acting career.
Vogel made his feature film debut at the age of 12, appearing in the 1968 comedy "Yours, Mine and Ours", as one of Lucille Ball's and Henry Fonda's brood. He rose to prominence the following year as Lucius McCaslin in the feature film "The Reivers", which earned him a Golden Globe nomination as the Best Supporting Actor of 1969.
Having established himself in feature films, Vogel briefly appeared on an episode of "Bonanza" broadcast on October 6, 1968, entitled "The Real People of Muddy Creek". Two years later he joined the "Bonanza" cast, co-starring as Jamie Hunter, an adolescent orphan taken in and eventually adopted by the Cartwrights during the last three seasons of the series.
In addition to his role on "Bonanza", Vogel also guest-starred on several other western television series of the time, including "The Virginian", "Here Come the Brides", "Gunsmoke", and "Dundee and the Culhane", as well as appearing in a recurring role as "Johnny Johnson" on the western frontier series "Little House on the Prairie" from 1974 to 1975.
In addition to his guest-starring roles on episodic television series, Vogel also appeared in lead roles in the "Walt Disney's Wonderful World of Color" films, "Menace on the Mountain" in 1970 and "The Boy from Dead Man's Bayou" in 1971, as well as co-starring in the made-for-television films "Born Innocent" in 1974 and "" in 1976.
After acting.
In 1978, Vogel left show business and began a life away from the limelight. He was married in 1985 and the couple have two daughters. Vogel lives in the Southern California area and has spent time directing and appearing in church plays, as well as singing in a band.
In 2002, Vogel returned to "Bonanzas locations for the Travel Channel's "TV Road Trip", in which he narrated a look at the Ponderosa Ranch in Incline Village, near Lake Tahoe, Nevada. In 2004 he was featured in an interview in "Bonanza Gold" magazine. He participated in both the 2005 Bonanza Convention and the 2010 Bonanza Weekend in Liverpool, England.

</doc>
<doc id="20491943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491943" title="Olivier Dussopt">
Olivier Dussopt

Olivier Dussopt (born August 16, 1978 in Annonay, Ardèche) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the second legislative district of the Ardèche department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20491950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491950" title="Andrew Smith (composer)">
Andrew Smith (composer)

Andrew Smith is a composer whose works include settings of "Ave Maria", "Regina caeli", "Ave Maris stella", "Veni redemptor gentium", "Flos regalis virginalis" (based on one of the Worcester Fragments) and "Magnificat à 4". He has written works for Trio Mediaeval and New York Polyphony. He is published by OUP as well as by Norsk Musikforlag and Musikk-Husets Forlag.
Born in Liverpool in 1970, Andrew Smith settled in Norway in 1984. He has worked for the Ultima Oslo Contemporary Music Festival and as choirmaster of Oslo's English Church. He currently works for the Norwegian music publishers Norsk Musikforlag in Oslo.
Andrew Smith's music has been performed by leading Norwegian choirs including Ensemble 96, Schola Cantorum (Norwegian choir), Grex Vocalis, Kammerkoret NOVA, The Norwegian Girls Choir, and cathedral choirs in Oslo, Bergen and Trondheim. His work has been commissioned and performed abroad by, among others, Trio Mediaeval (Norway), New York Polyphony, the Girl Choristers of Washington National Cathedral, Sete Lágrimas (Portugal), and Cappella Nova (Scotland).

</doc>
<doc id="20491963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491963" title="Olivier Jardé">
Olivier Jardé

Olivier Jardé (born March 28, 1953 in Courbevoie, Hauts-de-Seine) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Somme department, and is a member of the New Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20491970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491970" title="Pascal Deguilhem">
Pascal Deguilhem

Pascal Deguilhem (born February 9, 1956) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Dordogne department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20491979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491979" title="Pascal Terrasse">
Pascal Terrasse

Pascal Terrasse (born October 26, 1964 in Bagnols-sur-Cèze, Gard) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the first legislative district of Ardèche department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.
Pascal Terrasse was elected president of the conseil général of Ardèche on April 3, 2006 following the resignation of Michel Teston.
On June 17, 2007, he was re-elected to represent the first district with 62% of the votes cast.

</doc>
<doc id="20491989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491989" title="Worst-case complexity">
Worst-case complexity

In computer science, the worst-case complexity (usually denoted in asymptotic notation) measures the resources (e.g. running time, memory) an algorithm requires in the worst-case. It gives an upper bound on the resources required by the algorithm.
In the case of running time, the worst-case time-complexity indicates the longest running time performed by an algorithm given "any" input of size "n", and thus this guarantees that the algorithm finishes on time. Moreover, the order of growth of the worst-case complexity is used to compare the efficiency of two algorithms.
The worst-case complexity of an algorithm should be contrasted with its average-case complexity, which is an average measure of the amount of resources the algorithm uses on a random input.
Definition.
Since we usually are interested in the dependence of the time complexity on different input length, abusing terminology, the time complexity is sometimes referred to the mapping TA:N→N, defined by TA("n"):= maxx∈{0, 1}n{tA(x)}.
Similar definitions can be given for space complexity, randomness complexity, etc.
Examples.
Consider performing insertion sort on "n" numbers on a random access machine. The best-case for the algorithm is when the numbers are already sorted, which takes O("n") steps to perform the task. However, the input in the worst-case for the algorithm is when the numbers are reverse sorted and it takes O("n2") steps to sort them; therefore the worst-case time-complexity of insertion sort is of O("n2").
See also.
Analysis of algorithms

</doc>
<doc id="20491991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20491991" title="Pascale Crozon">
Pascale Crozon

Pascale Crozon (born May 20, 1944, in Morillon, Haute-Savoie) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Rhône department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20492000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492000" title="Pascale Got">
Pascale Got

Pascale Got (born April 1, 1961 in Royan, Charente-Maritime) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Gironde department, and is a member of the Socialist Party ans of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche parliamentary group.

</doc>
<doc id="20492007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492007" title="Anti Piracy Maritime Security Solutions">
Anti Piracy Maritime Security Solutions

Anti Piracy Maritime Security Solutions (APMSS) of Poole, Dorset, England is a British company established in 2008. Its director is Nick Davis, a former British Army pilot. The company's goal is to provide for the safety and security of merchant ships as they make passage through the Maritime Security Patrol Area (MSPA) in the Gulf of Aden. The security team commonly includes a Team Leader and two other guards. The team members have prior experience in a variety of organisations, including Royal Navy, British Army and British police. The company's interim deck watch team provides non-lethal ship security through known high risk piracy areas, using necessary equipment, including long range acoustic device (LRAD). APMSS provides early warning of a potential pirate attack.
As of November 2008, APMSS has ten teams aboard ships in the MSPA region. Teams cost £14,000 for three days.
Notable incidents.
On 14 November 2008, an APMSS team on an unidentified chemical tanker dealt with its first attack. The pirates were successfully deterred from boarding the ship.
Two weeks later, on 28 November 2008, the chemical tanker was attacked by Somali pirates. According to APMSS, the security team fired water cannon at the pirates, zigzagged the vessel and used the LRAD, long enough for a distress signal to be made by the Biscaglia's captain; however, after fending off three or four attacks, the pirates overcame the measures, boarded the ship and continued to shoot at the security guards, leaving the security team no choice but to abandon the vessel. The team hid on the roof until a rescue helicopter came near, then jumped into the water for rescue by coalition forces. While in the water the pirates fired on the security force and tried to run them over with the ship. APMSS was criticized for leaving the 27 person crew on the boat they were protecting, but the company defending their actions as necessary given the circumstances. The incident caused the usefulness of LRADs to be called into question by Lloyd's List.

</doc>
<doc id="20492012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492012" title="Warren Blatt">
Warren Blatt

Warren Blatt (born 1962) is an American genealogist and computer engineer who is the Managing Director of JewishGen, an online source for researching Jewish roots. He is the author/coauthor of a number of books including "Getting Started in Jewish Genealogy" (with Gary Mokotoff).
Blatt received the Lifetime Achievement Award of the International Association of Jewish Genealogical Societies in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20492014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492014" title="Pascale Gruny">
Pascale Gruny

Pascale Gruny (born February 18, 1960) was a member of the National Assembly of France. She represented the Aisne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. 
She is a former Member of the European Parliament elected in the 2009 European election for the North-West constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="20492026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492026" title="Patrice Calmejane">
Patrice Calmejane

Patrice Calmejane (born February 6, 1960 in Montreuil, Seine-Saint-Denis) was a member of the National Assembly of France from 2007 to 2012. He represented the Seine-Saint-Denis department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
He is also the mayor of the town of Villemomble in the department of Seine-Saint-Denis since 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20492036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492036" title="Patrice Debray">
Patrice Debray

Patrice Debray (born January 25, 1951) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Haute-Saône department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492047" title="Patrice Martin-Lalande">
Patrice Martin-Lalande

Patrice Martin-Lalande (born December 2, 1947) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Loir-et-Cher department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492053" title="Semi-syllable">
Semi-syllable

Semi-syllable may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20492056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492056" title="Patrice Verchère">
Patrice Verchère

Patrice Verchère (born December 29, 1973) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Rhône department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492063" title="Patricia Adam">
Patricia Adam

Patricia Adam (born 15 April 1953 in Saint-Cloud, Hauts-de-Seine) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Finistère department, and is a member of the Socialist Party.
Biography.
Patricia Adam began her political career in 1989 as part of the team of Pierre Maille, who became the mayor of Brest after six years of control by the right. She became deputy mayor and councillor of Urban Community of Brest.
In 1998, she was elected General Counsel of the Canton of Brest-Saint-Marc when the General Council of Finistère swung to the left for the first time. Again, alongside Pierre Maille, President of the General Council, she became elected Vice-President of this Assembly.
She was first elected MP on 16 June 2002, the 12th Legislature (2002-2007), in the 2nd constituency of Finistère. She then stood down from municipal office to devote herself to this new national mandate, and that of Vice-President of the General Council. She became a member of the Defense Committee of the National Assembly, and was delegate of the National Assembly to women's rights and equality of opportunity between men and women. 
In 2004 she was re-elected to the General Council of Finistère and retained her post as its vice-president. In September 2006, Patricia Adam officially endorsed Dominique Strauss-Kahn to be the Socialist Party candidate for the 2007 presidential elections.
She was re-elected member on 17 June 2007 for the thirteenth legislature (2007-2012) defeating Jean-Yves Le Borgne (UMP) in the second round, with 55.51% of the vote. She is again a member of the defense committee.
In May 2008, she supported the candidacy of Bertrand Delanoë to the post of First secretary of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20492072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492072" title="Patrick Balkany">
Patrick Balkany

Patrick Balkany (born August 16, 1948) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Hauts-de-Seine department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. He is of Hungarian origin.
Political career.
Electoral mandates
National Assembly of France
Member of the National Assembly of France for Hauts-de-Seine : 1988-1997 / And since 2002. Elected in 1988, reelected in 1993, 2002, 2007, 2012.
General Council
Vice-president of the General Council of Hauts-de-Seine : 1982-1988 (Resignation). Reelected in 1988.
General councillor of Hauts-de-Seine : 1982-1988 (Resignation). Reelected in 1988.
Municipal Council
Mayor of Levallois-Perret : 1983-1995 / Since 2001. Reelected in 1989, 2001, 2008.
Municipal councillor of Levallois-Perret : 1983-1997 (Resignation) / Since 2001. Reelected in 1989, 1995, 2001, 2008.
Enquiries by justice or numerous journalists are often made about the Balkany's city management. But Balkany and his wife always react and consider that they are aggressed.
Balkany made international news too when on July 17, 2012, just days before the vote on a new national sexual harassment bill, male lawmakers in the National Assembly including Balkany hooted and made catcalls as Housing Minister Cécile Duflot, wearing a floral dress, spoke about an architecture project.
“We were just admiring her,” Patrick Balkany, a conservative legislator, told "Le Figaro".

</doc>
<doc id="20492074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492074" title="St. Paul's Church (Lynchburg, Virginia)">
St. Paul's Church (Lynchburg, Virginia)

St. Paul's Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Lynchburg, Virginia. It is constructed of gray granite, quarried in southwest Virginia, and is trimmed with brownstone. The building is of Richardsonian Romanesque design. The church houses Lynchburg's oldest Episcopal parish, which was established in 1822. Connected to the main sanctuary is the parish house, built in 1912.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. It is located in the Court House Hill-Downtown Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="20492075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492075" title="Embassy of Spain, Washington, D.C.">
Embassy of Spain, Washington, D.C.

The Embassy of Spain in Washington, D.C. is the diplomatic mission of the Kingdom of Spain to the United States It is located at 2375 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, in the West End neighborhood.
Spain did not establish diplomatic relations with the United States until 1790, after the ratification of the 1783 Treaty of Paris ending hostilities between the United States and the Kingdom of Great Britain. Diplomatic relations were broken off from 1808 to 1814 over American occupation of West Florida, and again from April 1898 to April 1899 during the Spanish–American War.
The embassy has been located at 2375 Pennsylvania Avenue NW since 1994. The Spanish Embassy was formerly located at 2801 16th Street NW.

</doc>
<doc id="20492076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492076" title="Patrick Beaudouin">
Patrick Beaudouin

Patrick Beaudouin (born April 7, 1953) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Val-de-Marne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492083" title="1968–69 Cardiff City F.C. season">
1968–69 Cardiff City F.C. season

The 1968–69 season was Cardiff City F.C.'s 42nd season in the Football League. They competed in the 22-team Division Two, then the second tier of English football, finishing fifth.
The team enjoyed nearly no success in cup competitions as they were knocked out in their first match of every cup apart from the Welsh Cup which they went on to win by beating local rivals Swansea Town in the final.
John Toshack would go on to finish the season with a total of 31 goals in all competitions, equalling the record set by Hughie Ferguson in the 1926-27 season that would not be beaten until
2003 when Robert Earnshaw finished with a total of 35 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20492091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492091" title="Patrick Braouezec">
Patrick Braouezec

Patrick Braouezec (born December 11, 1950) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Seine-Saint-Denis department and is a member of the Gauche démocrate et républicaine.

</doc>
<doc id="20492097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492097" title="Patrick Labaune">
Patrick Labaune

Patrick Labaune (born 13 June 1951 in Paris) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Drôme department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492107" title="Ricardo Ellcock">
Ricardo Ellcock

Ricardo ("Ricky") McDonald Ellcock (born 17 June 1965) is a Barbados-born former English cricketer who played first-class and List A cricket between the early 1980s and the early 1990s. His career was seriously hampered by injury,
and despite being picked to tour with England in 1989–90 he was forced into retirement shortly afterward.
He was educated at Malvern College. After a couple of seasons of Second XI cricket, and immediately after taking 11 wickets in one such game against Warwickshire II, Ellcock made his full Worcestershire debut in a County Championship match against future employers Middlesex at Worcester at the end of 1982, still only 17 years old. He took three lower-order wickets and scored 0 in his only innings. His next match was against Scotland in the Benson & Hedges Cup at Mannofield Park, the first List A game to be played at the Aberdeen venue. Ellcock took one wicket and did not bat.
He played quite often in 1983, and ended the season with 25 first-class wickets at 37.24 and nine List A wickets at 17.88; the latter figure included 4/43 in a John Player Special League fixture against Kent,
a career best that he would equal six years later for Middlesex. In the English winter of 1983–84 he played for his native Barbados, as he would do again (albeit very briefly) in 1984–85.
In 1984 Ellcock picked up 29 first-class wickets, his highest in any one season, but his struggles with fitness meant that he would never again approach that figure for Worcestershire, and after three more seasons of little success he moved to Middlesex for the 1989 season. Although he did not play until June, he managed his most productive summer: 32 first-class wickets at under 20 runs apiece, and 16 wickets at 23 in the one-day game. He matched his List A best with 4/43 versus Nottinghamshire in July,
and a week later recorded his only five-wicket haul when he claimed 5/35 against Yorkshire in the Championship.
The England selectors were sufficiently impressed by Ellcock's form to call him up for the winter tour against West Indies. However, his tour had barely begun before it was over: he pulled up after just a few balls in the nets,
and when he was diagnosed with a stress fracture of his back he was forced to go home without having played a single match on tour.
Ellcock missed the entire 1990 season, but returned to play a few matches for Middlesex in 1991. Despite glimmers of hope, such as the six wickets he took against Somerset,
he was unable to make a success of his comeback and retired in mid-season. He became a pilot and was the first black captain with Virgin Atlantic.
His brother Dale Ellcock had a short career with Barbados.

</doc>
<doc id="20492108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492108" title="Joly Garbi">
Joly Garbi

Joly Garbi (, 1913 – December 2002) was a Greek actress. She was the wife of the actor Thodoros Moridis for 60 years. She was born in 1913 and died in December 2002. After her death, she became famous in MME and 10 days later, she died lonely. She was buried in Marathon with Moridi who was loved in her later years and lived isolated from the lights of journalism in her summer home in Mati. The two died in a nursing home forgetfully.

</doc>
<doc id="20492115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492115" title="Patrick Lebreton">
Patrick Lebreton

Patrick Lebreton (born September 6, 1963) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the island of Réunion, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20492125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492125" title="Patrick Lemasle">
Patrick Lemasle

Patrick Lemasle (AKA Patrick Lemonsole)(AKA Sandra) (born May 18, 1952) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Haute-Garonne department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.
Constituency election: Haute-Garonne (7ème) Haute-Garonne (7th)
Groupe politique : Political Group: Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche Socialist, Radical, Citizen and other Left
Commission : Commission: Membre de la commission des finances Member of the Finance Committee
Profession : Occupation: Exploitant agricole Farmer

</doc>
<doc id="20492133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492133" title="Paul Giacobbi">
Paul Giacobbi

Paul Giacobbi (born June 4, 1957 in Courbevoie, Hauts-de-Seine) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Haute-Corse department, and is a member of the Radical Party of the Left.

</doc>
<doc id="20492140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492140" title="Paul Jeanneteau">
Paul Jeanneteau

Paul Jeanneteau (born October 14, 1957) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Maine-et-Loire department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492154" title="Philippe Boënnec">
Philippe Boënnec

Philippe Boënnec (born April 21, 1951) is a member of the National Assembly of France and represents the Loire-Atlantique department. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492173" title="Philippe Briand">
Philippe Briand

Philippe Briand (born October 26, 1950 in Tours) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Indre-et-Loire department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492174" title="Samurai Sam's Teriyaki Grill">
Samurai Sam's Teriyaki Grill

Samurai Sam's Teriyaki Grill is a chain of Japanese restaurants, which is franchised by Kahala Franchising, L.L.C. of Scottsdale, Arizona. The chain was founded in Scottsdale, Arizona in 1994. As of 2007 Samurai Sam's has nearly 60 locations in Kuwait and United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20492178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492178" title="Tart Tart">
Tart Tart

""Tart Tart"" is a 1987 single by the Madchester band Happy Mondays. It was the first single to be released from their album "Squirrel and G-Man Twenty Four Hour Party People Plastic Face Carnt Smile (White Out)" in March 1987. According to a commentary accompanying the film "24 Hour Party People", the first verse of "Tart Tart" is about Martin Hannett, who later produced the band's second album "Bummed". The second verse is taken from Bez's "Freaky Dancin'" (p. 198-200):
This popular song was voted 'Britain's Most Loved' single of the year in 1987.
The B-side, "Little Matchstick Owen's Rap" was voiced by the sound engineer, Mike Bleach.

</doc>
<doc id="20492184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492184" title="Philippe Folliot">
Philippe Folliot

Philippe Folliot (born July 14, 1963 in Albi, Tarn) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Tarn department, is a member of the Centrist Alliance and caucuses with the New Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20492189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492189" title="Davis Mountains State Park">
Davis Mountains State Park

Davis Mountains State Park is a state park located in the Davis Mountains in Jeff Davis County, Texas. The closest town is Fort Davis, Texas. The park elevation is between above sea level. The original portion of the park was deeded to Texas Parks and Wildlife Department by a local family. Original improvements were accomplished by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1933 and the park was opened to the public around 1938. Campground facilities were added in 1967.
Features.
The park is next to the Fort Davis National Historic Site and the two are connected by four miles of hiking trails. Within the park is the "Indian Lodge", an adobe motel with 39 rooms that was built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in the 1930s.
The park has seven miles of equestrian trails in the special use Limpia Canyon Primitive Area, the section of the park north of Texas State Highway 118.
Flora.
Davis Mountains State Park receives more rain than the surrounding desert and hosts a variety of trees such as Mexican Pinyon ("Pinus cembroides"), Emory Oak ("Quercus emoryi"), Gray Oak ("Quercus grisea") and One-seed Juniper ("Juniperus monosperma"). Shrubs such as Scarlet Bouvardia ("Bouvardia ternifolia"), Little-leaf Leadtree ("Leucaena retusa"), Trompillo ("Ipomoea hederifolia"), Evergreen Sumac ("Rhus virens"), Fragrant Sumac ("Rhus aromatica"), Apache Plum ("Fallugia paradoxa"), Little Walnut ("Juglans microcarpa"), Tree Cholla ("Cylindropuntia imbricata"), Torrey Yucca ("Yucca torreyi"), Catclaw Acacia ("Acacia greggii"), and Agarita ("Mahonia trifoliolata") abound. The high elevations above sea level, not in the park, boast Ponderosa Pine ("Pinus ponderosa") and Quaking Aspen ("Populus tremuloides").
Fauna.
Montezuma Quail are regularly observed in the park. Western Scrub Jays, White-winged Doves, Curve-billed Thrashers, and Rock Squirrels are among the most common wildlife seen. Collared Peccary, Cougars and American black bears have also been recorded in the park.

</doc>
<doc id="20492192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492192" title="Philippe Gosselin">
Philippe Gosselin

Philippe Gosselin (born October 23, 1966) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Manche department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492198" title="Grand Prix of Miami">
Grand Prix of Miami

Grand Prix of Miami may refer to several auto races in the Miami-South Florida metropolitan area:

</doc>
<doc id="20492200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492200" title="Philippe Goujon">
Philippe Goujon

Philippe Goujon (born April 30, 1954) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the city of Paris, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492205" title="Philippe Houillon">
Philippe Houillon

Philippe Houillon (born December 15, 1951) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Val-d'Oise department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492221" title="Philippe Meunier">
Philippe Meunier

Philippe Meunier (born March 16, 1966 in Bron, Rhône) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Rhône department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492229" title="Philippe Morenvillier">
Philippe Morenvillier

Philippe Morenvillier (born December 6, 1965) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Meurthe-et-Moselle department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492236" title="Philippe Nauche">
Philippe Nauche

Philippe Nauche (born July 15, 1957) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Corrèze department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20492247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492247" title="Philippe Plisson">
Philippe Plisson

Philippe Plisson (born January 12, 1951 in Saint-Caprais-de-Blaye, Gironde) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the 11th constituency of the Gironde department, and is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20492255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492255" title="Philippe Tourtelier">
Philippe Tourtelier

Philippe Tourtelier (born July 29, 1948) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Ille-et-Vilaine department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20492265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492265" title="Philippe Vigier">
Philippe Vigier

Philippe Vigier (born February 3, 1958 in Valence, Drôme) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Eure-et-Loire department, and is a member of the New Centre. He was formerly a member of the UDF. He is the mayor of Cloyes-sur-le-Loir, Eure-et-Loire.

</doc>
<doc id="20492268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492268" title="1969 in comics">
1969 in comics

This is a list of comics-related events in 1969.
Awards.
Alley Awards.
Best Comic Magazine Section
Professional Work
Special Awards
Popularity Poll
Newspaper Strip Section
Fan Activity Section
First issues by title.
DC Comics.
Date with Debbi
From Beyond the Unknown
The Phantom Stranger
The Witching Hour
Marvel Comics.
Chamber of Darkness
Tower of Shadows
Other publishers.
Alan Ford
"Archie's TV Laugh-Out"
"Everything's Archie"
Golden Comics Digest
Gothic Blimp Works
Čtyřlístek

</doc>
<doc id="20492276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492276" title="Philippe Vitel">
Philippe Vitel

Philippe Vitel (born February 22, 1955) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Var department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492287" title="Philippe Vuilque">
Philippe Vuilque

Philippe Vuilque (born January 29, 1956 in Charleville-Mézières, Ardennes) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Ardennes department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20492293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492293" title="I Miss You (Miley Cyrus song)">
I Miss You (Miley Cyrus song)

"I Miss You" is pop music song performed by American recording artist Miley Cyrus. It was co-written by Cyrus (credited under her birth name Destiny Hope Cyrus), Brian Green, Wendy Foy Green, and produced by Brian Green. "I Miss You" is a homage to Cyrus' late grandfather, Ron Cyrus, who died in February 28, 2006. He was diagnosed with mesothelioma, and, seeing her grandfather nearing death, Cyrus wanted to write him a song prior to his decease. It was released to Radio Disney mid-year 2007 as promotion for the dual disc "". The song is a ballad with rock and country influences.
The song received received generally positive reviews from music critics; some commented on how it deviated from her usual material at the time and how effective the message was. "I Miss You" appeared on two United States charts: it peaked at number nine on Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles, an extension of the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, and at number ninety-two on the defunct Pop 100. Cyrus performed the song on acoustic guitar as an encore at several stops on her first headlining concert tour, the Best of Both Worlds Tour (2007–08).
Background.
The singer had a very close relationship with her paternal grandfather, Ron Cyrus, a Democratic legislator in the state of Kentucky and public servant, whom she referred to as "Pappy". He was diagnosed with mesothelioma, a rare form of cancer that develops from the protective lining that covers many of the body's internal organs, and struggled with the illness for several years as result of exposure to asbestos. Cyrus then relocated from Franklin, Tennessee to Los Angeles, California to commence work on the Disney Channel original series "Hannah Montana". At the sight of her grandfather ailing from afar, Cyrus was inspired to compose "I Miss You". In her autobiography "Miles to Go" (2009), she explained, "That's how I ended up writing the song 'I Miss You' for Pappy. He was so sick. I knew he was dying, and slowly so did my heart. I couldn't imagine life without him." She co-wrote the song with her mother's dear friends Wendy Foy Green and Brian Green, and described it as the most difficult song for her write because of the subject matter. Cyrus attempted to halt writing "I Miss You", telling her co-writers she could not bear anymore.
However, Cyrus later desired to resume writing, saying she "knew what heart wanted to say, and whatever is in [her heart finds its way to fingertips." Moreover, she desired for her grandfather to listen to the song before passing away. Although Cyrus was never able to sing it for him, her father played a quick cut of "I Miss You" for Ron towards the end of his life. The singer said she liked to believe that the song gave her grandfather hope, in a similar fashion which he gave and continues to give hope to her. At the age of 70, Ron Cyrus died on February 28, 2006, two days prior the red carpet premiere of "Hannah Montana". In the episode "She's a Supersneak", Cyrus sang a part of the song as Miley Stewart, in memory of the character's late mother. Cyrus then recorded the song for her debut album, "Meet Miley Cyrus". The singer believed that, despite having personal significance to her, "I Miss You" could have a variety of meanings for distinct people in divergent situations, including moving away from home, the loss of a parent, or a breakup in a romantic relationship.
Composition.
"I Miss You" is a pop music song with a length of three minutes and fifty-eight seconds. It is a ballad that maintains low-key with an acoustic styling. "I Miss You" is influenced by elements of the country music genre; nevertheless, it has a rock music-based musical arrangement, relying prominently on a gentle strumming guitar for instrumentation. Written in the key of B♭ major but will transpose at the key of B major at the bridge, "I Miss You" is set in common time with a tempo of 85 beats per minute. Cyrus' low and throaty vocals span a one octave, ranging from G3 to B4. The song has the following chord progression, B–Gm7–F–F–Fsus.
Reception.
Critical reception.
"I Miss You" has received generally positive reviews from music critics. Heather Phares of Allmusic complimented "I Miss You", and categorized it as a one of the tracks on "Meet Miley Cyrus" that bared much resemblance to Hannah Montana songs. Andy Webster of "The New York Times" wrote that "I Miss You" is "as doleful as it gets". Andy Spletzer of the "Seattle Post-Intelligencer" believed the track had a level a sincerity that was void from the remainder of Cyrus' repertoire at the time. He added, "The songs are more guitar-driven, the outfits more adult, and the lyrics imply a string of bad boyfriends -- but it feels like imaginary drama taken from high school poetry, as if she's pretending to be older than she is." In a similar note, Elysa Gardner of "USA Today" stated the song was the exception to the "heavy on flash and fantasy" that characterized Cyrus at the time. Joseph P. Kahn of the "Boston Globe" mentioned the song while remarking that Cyrus' songs surpass much of the music played on Radio Disney. Maitland McDonagh of "TV Guide" believed the track a was a clear demonstration of how affectionate Cyrus was with her grandfather. Kelly Jane Torrance of "The Washington Times" said "I Miss You" was an unpredictable effort, which, according to her, was both empathetic and executed properly, from Cyrus.
Chart performance.
On the week ending July 14, 2007, "I Miss You" debuted on two US "Billboard" charts. It entered at number nine on the "Billboard" Hot 100 extension, the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart, and at number ninety-two in its only week on the discontinued Pop 100 chart. The following week, the song fell to number twenty-five in its second and final appearance on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart.
Live performances.
Cyrus performed "I Miss You" as an encore on sporadic dates of her first headlining tour, the Best of Both Worlds Tour, which extended from October 2007 to January 2008. The tour's uses the performance within the set, although it was not performed as such. The performance had Cyrus dressed in a white tank top, blue cardigan, and denim pants, and sole on the stage. She sat on a stool that placed towards the end of the runaway, performing with an acoustic guitar, as images and home footage of Ron Cyrus appeared on the screens. Chris William of "Entertainment Weekly" attended the November 8, 2007 concert at the San Diego Sports Arena in San Diego, California, and wrote, "So it was especially sweet when, for the encore, she ditched the dancers and enhancers and strummed an acoustic guitar on 'I Miss You,' vulnerably serenading her late grandpappy — and, for once, really looking and sounding 14. Not everyone noticed because, when she finished, half the seats were empty." Alison Bonaguro Dressed of the "Chicago Tribune" stated that, despite its simplicity, the performance on December 8, 2007 at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont, Illinois felt like as though it was the largest production of all. In a gray shirt and black pants, Cyrus performed the song, along with "Ready, Set, Don't Go" and "The Best of Both Worlds", on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" on December 20, 2007, as a screen displayed a light-blue background.
On October 5, 2013, as part of a Saturday Night Live skit, Cyrus performed an excerpt from "I Miss You" with actress Vanessa Bayer.

</doc>
<doc id="20492297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492297" title="Pierre-Alain Muet">
Pierre-Alain Muet

Pierre-Alain Muet (born January 1, 1945 in Lyon) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Rhône department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20492306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492306" title="Raúl Nava López">
Raúl Nava López

Raúl Nava López (born 17 September 1990, in Mexico City) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays for Toluca in Primera División.
Club career.
Toluca F.C..
He made his professional debut with Club Toluca in the Apertura 2008 season uprising from the Atlético Mexiquense squad. He scored his first goal in the quarterfinals home game against Tecos UAG. He scored his second goal with Toluca in a match against C.D. Guadalajara. He was awarded best young player of the Apertura 2009 tournament.
U-23 International appearances.
"As of 22 February 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="20492308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492308" title="Pierre-Christophe Baguet">
Pierre-Christophe Baguet

Pierre-Christophe Baguet (born 11 May 1955 in Paris) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Hauts-de-Seine department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492319" title="Pierre Bourguignon">
Pierre Bourguignon

Pierre Bourguignon (born February 6, 1942 in Rouen, Seine-Maritime) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Seine-Maritime department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.
Personal life.
He was educated at the "Lycée Pierre Corneille" in Rouen.

</doc>
<doc id="20492322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492322" title="The Place Within">
The Place Within

The Place Within is an alternative 5-piece band from Greece.
History.
Formed in 2005 in the city of Patras, they have since played to various festivals (European music day), live stages and clubs in Greece. They recorded their first LP 'RebellionStartsFromThePlaceWithin' at noise box studios in 2008. The songs of the LP WhiteDressedGuests and RunAway were also used on a short film based on the lyrical imagery of the song WhiteDressedGuests, called RUN AWAY and directed by Maria Chatzigianni. The film was shot for the Athens 48 hour film festival 2008 and won the award for best music for film on the competition. They have also participated in coca cola soundwave volume 2, making it to the top 20 for the time being. Members of the band also make music for other side projects like LogOut (alex logout's solo project), Paint On Silence (a 2-piece post rock band, of the band's bassist agamemnon) and Renovatio (solo project of Konstantinos).
Band members.
Alex Logout guitars, keyboards
George Tsampras vocals
Agamemnon Krasoulis keyboards
Konstantinos Theodosopoulos 
Orestis Petrakis bass
Discography.
RebellionStartsFromThePlaceWithin: LP consisting of the songs RunAway, WebNationality, WhiteDressedGuests, IDKIDC

</doc>
<doc id="20492330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492330" title="Pierre Bédier">
Pierre Bédier

Pierre Bédier (born September 30, 1957 in Mont-de-Marsan, Landes) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Yvelines department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492334" title="Pierre Cardo">
Pierre Cardo

Pierre Cardo (born August 28, 1949in Toulon, Var) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Yvelines department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492343" title="Hassan Jawhar">
Hassan Jawhar

Hassan Jawhar (born 1960) is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the first district.
Jawar obtained at PhD in political science from Florida State University and worked as a professor at Kuwait University before being elected to the National Assembly in 1996. While political parties are technically illegal in Kuwait, Jawar affiliates with the Shia deputies.
Supports Citizenship for Bidun.
On December 4, 2008, Jawhar, Musallam Al-Barrak, Marzouq AlـHubaini, Ali AlـDeqbasi, and Abdullah AlـBarghash submitted a draft law calling for the granting of Kuwaiti citizenship to all bidun (stateless) residents in the country. The bill proposes that citizenship be granted to all bidun who were included in the 1965 census and who have no criminal record. The new draft law differs from previous bills as it does not impose any restrictions on the naturalization of bidun and does not set a ceiling for the number of bidun that can be granted citizenship. They also suggested that the families of individuals who have died in service to the country be naturalized.
In addition, the lawmakers affirmed their belief that the families of POWs and the children of those who were martyred during the invasion be granted citizenship. The latest statistics reveal that more than 80,000 bidun currently reside in Kuwait.
Opposes Changes to Textbooks.
Amid rumors that the Kuwaiti government was going to change its textbooks to remove possible references to religion and extremism, Jawhar said, “I hope the government will not bow to external blackmail and threats... and be forced to delete important sections of Islamic education." According to Jawhar, the decision to rewrite textbooks came despite findings by specialist committees that current editions contain no references calling for violence and fanaticism or encouraging struggle against other religions. The committees found that those books contained sizable portions focusing on tolerance, brotherhood, equality, passion, cooperation and respect for the rights of non-Muslims.
Support for Women's Suffrage.
Jawhar supported Kuwaiti women's right to vote, saying "By relating to Islam I can see -- and I also consulted a lot of experts in this regard -- that there is no contradiction between the women's vote and our Islamic values."
Grilling of Education Minister Nouriya Al-Sabeeh.
Jawhar has an ongoing feud with Education Minister Nouriya Al-Sabeeh. In May 2008, Jawhar joined with Mohammed Hayef AlـMutairi and Hussein Quwaian Al-Mutairi to accuse Al-Sabeeh of not cooperating with the Kuwaiti University teachers' union and to urge Prime Minister Nasser Mohammed Al-Ahmed Al-Sabah not to retain her in the upcoming cabinet formation. In October 2008, Jawhar submitted a parliamentary request to publicly question Al-Sabeeh about her plans to introduce electronic learning into the school curriculums.
Mandatory Retirement Age for Teachers.
On November 28, 2008, Jawhar joined MPs Abdullah Al-Roumi, Khaled AlـSultan Bin Essa, Musallam Al-Barrak, and Marzouq AlـHubaini Al-Azmi in formulating a bill to extend the mandatory retirement age for Kuwaiti teaching staff at Kuwait University from 65 to 70 years. They argued that Item 32 of Law no. 15/1979 has denied the country services of able and intelligent academicians by restricting retirement age of Kuwaitis to 65 years. They recommended that a clause be added to the law such that the retirement age can become 70 years and can further be extended to 75 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20492348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492348" title="Pierre Cohen">
Pierre Cohen

Pierre Cohen (born March 20, 1950 in Bizerte, Tunisia) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Haute-Garonne department, and is a member of the Socialist, Radical, Citizen and Miscellaneous Left group.
Early life.
Cohen was born to a Tunisian Jewish father and French Catholic mother.
Mayor of Toulouse.
He is mayor of Toulouse since the French municipal elections, 2008, where he narrowly defeated UMP incumbent Jean-Luc Moudenc.

</doc>
<doc id="20492352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492352" title="Classic FM Magazine">
Classic FM Magazine

The Classic FM Magazine was a magazine published in the United Kingdom each month. It was the printed organ of Classic FM, a British classical commercial radio station. The magazine reviewed classical recordings and live performances and often included tracks from recent releases on its cover disc.
Launched in 1995, the magazine was initially published under contract by John Brown Publishing. In July 2000 it was announced that the radio station had cancelled the contract with John Brown Publishing and signed a new agreement with Haymarket Publishing, to which company the magazine transferred in November 2000.
In January 2012 it was announced that the magazine would cease to be published. The final issue, dated April 2012, was published in March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20492359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492359" title="Pierre Forgues">
Pierre Forgues

Pierre Forgues (born June 17, 1938 in Tarbes) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Hautes-Pyrénées department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20492361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492361" title="Philosophy of self">
Philosophy of self

The philosophy of self defines the essential qualities that make one person distinct from all others. There have been numerous approaches to defining these qualities. The self is the idea of a unified being which is the source of consciousness. Moreover, this self is the agent responsible for the thoughts and actions of an individual to which they are ascribed. It is a substance, which therefore endures through time; thus, the thoughts and actions at different moments may pertain to the same self. As the notion of subject, the self had been harshly criticized by Nietzsche at the end of the 19th century, on behalf of what Gilles Deleuze would call a "becoming-other". For an anti-philosophical view influenced by Michel Foucault and ethnomethodology, see Jaber F. Gubrium and James A. Holstein's (2000) book "The Self We Live By: Narrative Identity in a Postmodern World."
Definitions of the self.
Most philosophical definitions of self—per Descartes, Locke, Hume, and William James—are expressed in the first person. A third person definition does not refer to specific mental qualia but instead strives for objectivity and operationalism.
To another person, the self of one individual is exhibited in the conduct and discourse of that individual. Therefore, the intentions of another individual can only be inferred from something that emanates from that individual. The particular characteristics of the self determine its identity.
Concepts of self.
Self in Eastern Traditions.
In spirituality, and especially nondual, mystical and eastern meditative traditions, the human being is often conceived as being in the illusion of individual existence, and separateness from other aspects of creation. This "sense of doership" or sense of individual existence is that part which believes it is the human being, and believes it must fight for itself in the world, is ultimately unaware and unconscious of its own true nature. The ego is often associated with mind and the sense of time, which compulsively thinks in order to be assured of its future existence, rather than simply knowing its own self and the present.
The spiritual goal of many traditions involves the dissolving of the ego, allowing self-knowledge of one's own true nature to become experienced and enacted in the world. This is variously known as enlightenment, nirvana, presence, and the "here and now".
Self-knowledge.
Knowledge
For Socrates, the goal of philosophy was to "Know Thyself" 
Lao Tzu, in his "Tao Te Ching", says "Knowing others is wisdom. Knowing the self is enlightenment. Mastering others requires force. Mastering the self requires strength."
Adi Shankaracharya, in his commentary on Bhagavad Gita says "Self-knowledge alone eradicates misery". "Self-knowledge alone is the means to the highest bliss."."Absolute perfection is the consummation of Self-knowledge."
Self as an activity.
Aristotle, following Plato, defined the soul as the core essence of a living being, but argued against its having a separate existence. For instance, if a knife had a soul, the act of cutting would be that soul, because 'cutting' is the essence of what it is to be a knife. Unlike Plato and the religious traditions, Aristotle did not consider the soul as some kind of separate, ghostly occupant of the body (just as we cannot separate the activity of cutting from the knife). As the soul, in Aristotle's view, is an activity of the body, it cannot be immortal (when a knife is destroyed, the cutting stops). More precisely, the soul is the "first activity" of a living body. This is a state, or a potential for actual, or 'second', activity. "The axe has an edge for cutting" was, for Aristotle, analogous to "humans have bodies for rational activity," and the potential for rational activity thus constituted the essence of a human soul. Aristotle used his concept of the soul in many of his works; the "De Anima" (On the Soul) provides a good place to start to gain more understanding of his views.
Aristotle also believed that there were four sections of the soul. The four sections are calculative part, the scientific part on the rational side used for making decisions and the desiderative part and the vegetative part on the irrational side responsible for identifying our needs.
Self independent of the senses.
While he was imprisoned in a castle, Avicenna wrote his famous "Floating Man" thought experiment to demonstrate human self-awareness and the substantiality of the soul. His "Floating Man" thought experiment tells its readers to imagine themselves suspended in the air, isolated from all sensations, which includes no sensory contact with even their own bodies. He argues that, in this scenario, one would still have self-consciousness. He thus concludes that the idea of the self is not logically dependent on any physical thing, and that the soul should not be seen in relative terms, but as a primary given, a substance. This argument was later refined and simplified by René Descartes in epistemic terms when he stated: "I can abstract from the supposition of all external things, but not from the supposition of my own consciousness."
Bundle theory of self.
David Hume pointed out that we tend to think that we are the same person we were five years ago. Though we have changed in many respects, the same person appears present as was present then. We might start thinking about which features can be changed without changing the underlying self. Hume, however, denies that there is a distinction between the various features of a person and the mysterious self that supposedly bears those features. When we start introspecting, "we are never intimately conscious of anything but a particular perception; man is a bundle or collection of different perceptions which succeed one another with an inconceivable rapidity and are in perpetual flux and movement".
It is plain, that in the course of our thinking, and in the constant revolution of our ideas, our imagination runs easily from one idea to any other that resembles it, and that this quality alone is to the fancy a sufficient bond and association. It is likewise evident that as the senses, in changing their objects, are necessitated to change them regularly, and take them as they lie contiguous to each other, the imagination must by long custom acquire the same method of thinking, and run along the parts of space and time in conceiving its objects."
On Hume's view, these perceptions do not belong to anything. Rather, Hume compares the soul to a commonwealth, which retains its identity not by virtue of some enduring core substance, but by being composed of many different, related, and yet constantly changing elements. The question of personal identity then becomes a matter of characterizing the loose cohesion of one's personal experience. (Note that in the Appendix to the "Treatise", Hume said mysteriously that he was dissatisfied with his account of the self, yet he never returned to the issue.) Hume’s position is very similar to Indian Buddhists’ conception of the self.
The paradox of the Ship of Theseus can be used as an analogy of the self as a bundle of parts in flux.
Self-enquiry and self-surrender.
Ramana Maharshi's primary teachings documented in the book "Nan Yar" ("Who am I") state:
Although his primary teaching was self-enquiry, he was also known to have advised the use of self-surrender (to one's Deity or Guru) as an alternative means, which would ultimately converge in to the path of Self-Enquiry.
Self as a narrative center of gravity.
Daniel Dennett has a deflationary theory of the "self". Selves are not physically detectable. Instead, they are a kind of convenient fiction, like a center of gravity, which are convenient as a way of solving physics problems, although they need not correspond to anything tangible — the center of gravity of a hoop is a point in thin air. People constantly tell themselves stories to make sense of their world, and they feature in the stories as a character, and that convenient but fictional character is the self.
The Buddha.
The Buddha in particular attacked all attempts to conceive of a fixed self, while stating that holding the view "I have no self" is also mistaken. This is an example of the middle way charted by the Buddha.
Others.
Other broader understandings of Self place it to mean the essence of any living being. With this understanding, Self is the hand of God or the expression of life that makes any living entity inherently unique.

</doc>
<doc id="20492373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492373" title="Pierre Gosnat">
Pierre Gosnat

Pierre Gosnat (born August 20, 1948) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Val-de-Marne department, and is a member of the Gauche démocrate et républicaine.

</doc>
<doc id="20492383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492383" title="Norman Bennett">
Norman Bennett

Norman Osborn Bennett (21 September 1922 – 2005), sometimes known as Nobby, was an English sportsman. He played rugby union for England,
and played one game of first-class cricket, an unsuccessful outing for Worcestershire against the Combined Services in 1946.
He was educated at Epsom College and St Mary's Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="20492384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492384" title="Pierre Lang">
Pierre Lang

Pierre Lang (born June 13, 1947) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Moselle department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492390" title="Pierre Lasbordes">
Pierre Lasbordes

Pierre Lasbordes (born May 13, 1946) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Essonne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492397" title="Pierre Lequiller">
Pierre Lequiller

Pierre Lequiller (born December 4, 1949) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Yvelines department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492406" title="Pierre Morel-A-L'Huissier">
Pierre Morel-A-L'Huissier

Pierre Morel-A-L'Huissier (born December 21, 1958) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Lozère department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492409" title="René-Paul Victoria">
René-Paul Victoria

René-Paul Victoria (born August 27, 1954 in Sainte-Suzanne, Réunion) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the island of Réunion.
Candidate for the French legislative election, 1997 in 1997, he loses against Michel Tamaya.
Elected mayor of Saint-Denis, Réunion in 2001 against the socialist Michel Tamaya
he loses the elections of 2009 against the candidate of the socialist party Gilbert Annette
He is elected in the National Assembly of France against the deputy of Saint-Denis, Réunion Michel Tamaya in 2002 and is reelected in 2008 against Gilbert Annette with 51,46% of votes.
In 2008 he leaves UMP - Union for a Popular Movement together with other Reunion Politicians and founds "Objective Réunion".

</doc>
<doc id="20492415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492415" title="René Couanau">
René Couanau

René Couanau (born 10 July 1936) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Ille-et-Vilaine department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
He is mayor of Saint-Malo, the second largest city in Ille-et-Vilaine.

</doc>
<doc id="20492417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492417" title="Mangalore (disambiguation)">
Mangalore (disambiguation)

Mangalore is the chief port city of the Indian state of Karnataka.
Mangalore may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20492422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492422" title="John Beverley Robinson (anarchist)">
John Beverley Robinson (anarchist)

John Beverley Robinson (1853–1923), was an American anarchist author, publisher, translator, and architect.
He was for a time publisher of the "Free Soiler" the newsletter of the Georgist American Free Soil Society. Today he is most identified with the individualist/egoist wing of American anarchism (though he also had incarnations as a Tolstoyan non-resistant and as a Georgist), and was associated with Benjamin Tucker’s "Liberty".

</doc>
<doc id="20492424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492424" title="René Dosière">
René Dosière

René Dosière (born August 3, 1941 in Origny-Sainte-Benoite, Aisne) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the 1st constituency of the Aisne department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche. He was a member of the national bureau of the Jeunesse Etudiante Chrétienne in 1961-1962, in charge of high schools.
René Dosière est best known for his many questions to the Government regarding the expenses of the services of the French presidency.

</doc>
<doc id="20492430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492430" title="René Rouquet">
René Rouquet

René Rouquet (born February 15, 1946) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Val-de-Marne department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20492437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492437" title="Richard Dell'Agnola">
Richard Dell'Agnola

Richard Dell'Agnola (born February 6, 1949 in Rabat, Morocco) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Val-de-Marne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492444" title="Richard Mallié">
Richard Mallié

Richard Mallié (born October 26, 1948) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Bouches-du-Rhône department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492449" title="Roland Muzeau">
Roland Muzeau

Roland Muzeau (born November 5, 1951) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the first constituency of the Hauts-de-Seine department, and is a member of the French Communist Party, which sits in the Assembly with the Democratic and Republican Left.

</doc>
<doc id="20492458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492458" title="Paterson and Hudson River Railroad">
Paterson and Hudson River Railroad

The Paterson and Hudson River Railroad was a railroad that operated in New Jersey and connected the cities of Jersey City and Paterson. The railroad was started in 1833 and connected with the Paterson and Ramapo Railroad in Paterson. The two lines provided a shorter route from Suffern to New York City than did the New York and Erie Railroad. The company was the first in the United States to build moveable bridges for rail, crossing the Passaic River and Hackensack River.
Originally the Paterson and Hudson River Railroad used a fleet of horses to pull the train cars. The first steam locomotive to operate on the line was called the "McNeil" and manufactured by Robert Stephenson and Company then assembled by Rogers Locomotive and Machine Works. In 1852, the New York and Erie Railroad leased the track rights of the two railroads and made their lines the new New York and Erie Railroad mainline.

</doc>
<doc id="20492461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492461" title="Rudy Salles">
Rudy Salles

Rudy Salles (born July 30, 1954 in Nice) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Alpes-Maritimes department, and is a member of the New Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20492464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492464" title="History of Haiti (1915–86)">
History of Haiti (1915–86)

United States occupation.
In 1915, Philippe Sudré Dartiguenave was appointed by US authorities to the Presidency of Haiti. Martial law was declared, and persisted until 1929. A treaty, which allowed the US government complete control over cabinet positions and Haiti's finances, was passed by the legislature in November 1915. The treaty also established the "Gendarmerie d'Haïti" (Haitian Constabulatory Force), Haiti's first professional military. Dartiguenave dissolved the legislature in 1917 after its members refused to approve a new constitution. A referendum subsequently approved the constitution, which allowed foreigners to own land, something which had been forbidden by Haitian law since independence in 1804.
The US occupation was a costly period in terms of human life. A revolt by disgruntled citizens was put down in 1918, with an estimated 2,000 killed. White foreigners, many with deep racial prejudices, dominated public policy, which angered the historically dominant Mulattos. However, Haiti's infrastructure, including roads, telephone lines, and plumbing, were repaired. Lighthouses, schools, hospitals, and harbors were built. Louis Borno replaced Dartiguenave as president in 1922, after he was forced out of office. He ruled without a legislature until elections were permitted in 1930. This newly formed legislature elected Sténio Vincent, a mulatto, as president.
By 1930, Haiti had become a liability to the United States. A congressional inquiry, known as the Forbes Commission, exposed many human rights violations, and while it praised improvements in Haitian society, it criticized the exclusion of Haitians from positions of authority. By August 1932, with the election of Franklin D. Roosevelt as US President, American troops withdrew and authority was formally transferred to local police and army officials.
Dictatorship and the rise of Duvalier.
Vincent took advantage of the stability to gain dictatorial power. Vincent expanded his economic authority by referendum, and in 1935, he forced a new constitution through the legislature. This constitution gave him power to dissolve the legislature and reorganize the judiciary at will, as well as the power to appoint senators. He also brutally oppressed political opposition. Rafael Leónidas Trujillo came to power in 1930 in the neighboring Dominican Republic, and in 1937, he attacked the border with Haiti, killing an estimated 20,000 Haitians. Seen by Vincent as an attempted coup, he purged the military of all officers suspected of disloyalty. Many of these later joined the Dominican military.
In 1941, Élie Lescot, a mulatto who was an experienced and competent government official, was elected as President. Despite high expectations, his tenure paralleled Vincent's in its brutality and marginalization of opposition. He declared war on the Axis powers during World War II, and used this as an excuse to censor the press and repress his opponents. Lescot also maintained a clandestine cooperation with Trujillo, which undermined his already-nonexistent popularity. In January 1946, after Lescot jailed editors of a Marxist newspaper, protests broke out among government workers, teachers, and business owners. Lescot resigned, and a military junta, the "Comité Exécutif Militaire" (Executive Military Committee), assumed power.
Haiti elected a legislature in May 1946, and after two rounds of voting, Dumarsais Estimé, a black cabinet minister, was elected president. He operated under a new constitution which expanded schools, established rural farming cooperatives, and raised salaries of civil servants. These early successes, however, were undermined by his personal ambition, and his alienation of the military and elite led to a coup in 1950, which reinstalled the military junta. Direct elections, the first in Haiti's history, were held in October 1950, and Paul Magloire, an elite mulatto Colonel in the military, was elected. Hurricane Hazel hit the island in 1954, which devastated the nation's infrastructure and economy. Hurricane relief was inadequately distributed and misspent, and Magloire jailed opponents and shut down newspapers. After refusing to step down after his term ended, a general strike shut down Port-au-Prince's economy, and Magloire fled, leaving the government in a state of chaos. When elections were finally organized, François Duvalier, a rural doctor, was elected, on a platform of activism on behalf of Haiti's poor.
Duvalier produced a constitution to solidify power, and replaced the bicameral legislature with a unicameral one. In 1964, Duvalier declared himself President-for-Life. He fired the chief of the military and established a Presidential Guard to maintain his power. He also established the "Volontaires de la Sécurité Nationale" (National Security Volunteers), commonly referred to as the "Tonton Makout", named after a monster in Haitian mythology. The Tonton Makouts became Haiti's secret police, and had pervasive influence throughout Haiti's rural countryside. Duvalier used his newly gained influence in the military to establish his own elite. Corruption was endemic, and he stole money from government agencies to reward officials loyal to him. Duvalier also exploited popular vodou beliefs, creating a cult of personality surrounding himself, claiming to be a "houngan" (a sorcerer). Due to his repressive and authoritarian rule, U.S. President John F. Kennedy revoked aid and recalled Marine Corps missions in 1962. However, after the assassination of Kennedy, relations with Duvalier eased, partially due to Haiti's strategic location near Cuba.
Fall of Duvalier.
Duvalier died on 21 April 1971. During his rule, an estimated 30,000 citizens were killed by the government, and hundreds of thousands of Haitians emigrated to the United States, Cuba, and Canada. Duvalier was succeeded by his son, Jean-Claude, as the country's new leader. Still a teenager when he ascended to public office, Duvalier was said to be reckless and dissolute, raised in elite isolation and uninterested in politics. The first few years of his administration saw him leaving administrative duties to his mother, Simone, while he lived as a playboy. He was initially well-liked, as his rule was seen as gentler and less formidable than his father. Foreign nations became more generous with economic assistance, and the United States restored its aid program to Haiti in 1971. However, endemic corruption continued as it had under his father. Much of the Duvalier family's hundreds of millions of dollars in personal wealth came from the "Régie du Tabac" (Tobacco Administration). Originally established as a tobacco monopoly, in practice it was used as a slush fund, and little to no records were kept of its activity.
The neglect of Duvalier's regime, coupled with a lack of adequate infrastructure, left the nation vulnerable to health crises. The widely publicized outbreak of AIDS, rumored to have originated in Haiti, devastated tourism in the early 1980s, and an epidemic of African swine fever from the Dominican Republic devastated livestock and destroyed local farming. The USDA feared the disease's spread to North America, and pressured Duvalier to slaughter Haiti's population of pigs and replace them with animals provided by international aid agencies. The Haitian government complied, but the decision caused outrage among the nation's farmers. Their pigs were well-suited to the Haitian climate and environment, and did not require special feed or care; the new pigs required both. In May 1980, Duvalier married Michèle Bennett, a light-skinned, mulatto divorcée. This was perceived as a betrayal of his father's legacy of supporting the black middle class, and had an unexpected, drastically negative effect on Duvalier's popularity. The wedding's extravagant cost, which was rumored to be in excess of US$3,000,000, further alienated the black masses. A schism formed in the government between older, more conservative Duvalierists and appointees of Jean-Claude. This eventually resulted in the expulsion of Duvalier's mother, Simone, reportedly at Michèle's request.
Discontent and economic hopelessness reached a head when Pope John Paul II visited Haiti in March 1983. Declaring that "Something must change here," in a speech in Port-au-Prince, the Pope called for equitable distribution of income and a more egalitarian social and political structure. Revolts began, revitalized by the Catholic Church, and riots began to break out in the city of Gonaïves, with crowds attacking food distribution centers. From October 1985 to January 1986, protests spread throughout the country, to the south. A revolt began in the provinces two years later. The city of Gonaïves was the first to have street demonstrations and raids on food-distribution warehouses. The protests spread to six other cities across the country, including Cap-Haïtien. By the end of that month, Haitians in the south had revolted. The most significant rioting there broke out in Les Cayes.
Duvalier responded to riots by firing cabinet officials and cutting food prices. He also closed several independent radio stations, and deployed police units and army guards to quell the uprisings. However, these moves failed to pacify demonstrators, and in January 1986, the Reagan administration began to pressure Duvalier to renounce power and leave Haiti. Negotiations stalled, and while Duvalier initially accepted an offer of asylum in Jamaica, he rescinded his offer and decided to remain in Haiti. As a result, the US State Department cut back aid to Haiti, and violence in the streets spread to Port-au-Prince. On February 5, 1986, members of the military confronted the Duvalier regime and demanded his departure. With no support from the military or the legislature left, Duvalier consented, and he and his family departed by plane from Haiti to France on February 7. He named an interim legislature, the "Conseil National de Gouvernement" (CNG - National Governing Council) made up of three civilians as well as two military officials. This began a shaky period of transition to full democratic rule.

</doc>
<doc id="20492468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492468" title="Firstview, Colorado">
Firstview, Colorado

Firstview is an unincorporated community in Cheyenne County, Colorado, United States. The community is located on U.S. Highway 40; the nearest city is Cheyenne Wells. The geographic coordinates of Firstview are roughly the antipodes of the coordinates of Île Saint-Paul, a French island in the Indian Ocean. This island is one of only three land areas which have antipodes within the United States.
The town was laid out in 1911. It was named for the spot where travelers got their first glimpse of Pikes Peak, in the distance.

</doc>
<doc id="20492472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492472" title="Régis Juanico">
Régis Juanico

Régis Juanico (born February 5, 1972 in Saint-Rémy, Saône-et-Loire) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Loire department, and is a member of the Socialist Party and of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche parliamentary group.

</doc>
<doc id="20492478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492478" title="South River Friends Meetinghouse">
South River Friends Meetinghouse

The South River Friends Meetinghouse, or Quaker Meeting House, is a historic Friends meeting house located at Lynchburg, Virginia. It was completed in 1798. It is a rubble stone structure, approximately , with walls 16 inches thick, and 12 feet high. The building ceased as a Quaker meeting house in the 1840s, and stands on the grounds of the Quaker Memorial Presbyterian Church. Adjacent to the structure is a historic graveyard. Buried there are Sarah Lynch (in an unmarked grave) and her son John, the founder of the city whose final resting place is marked by a plain Quaker stone and a modern plaque.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20492484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492484" title="Rémi Delatte">
Rémi Delatte

Rémi Delatte (born June 9, 1956) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Côte-d'Or department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492486" title="Angelina Valentine">
Angelina Valentine

Angelina Valentine (born September 19, 1986) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress.
Career.
Valentine entered the adult film industry in 2007 and has since appeared in over 200 movies. She won the XRCO Deep Throat Award in 2009, and was the first cisgender female to perform with transsexual star, Kimber James. Valentine describes herself as "very bisexual".

</doc>
<doc id="20492492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492492" title="Sandrine Hurel">
Sandrine Hurel

Sandrine Hurel (born August 7, 1968 in Lisieux, Calvados) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Seine-Maritime department, and is a member of the Socialist Party and of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche parliamentary group.

</doc>
<doc id="20492500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492500" title="Sandrine Mazetier">
Sandrine Mazetier

Sandrine Mazetier (born December 16, 1966 in Rodez, Aveyron) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the city of Paris, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20492505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492505" title="César Lozano">
César Lozano

César Amado Lozano Figueroa (born 31 May 1977) is a Mexican football goalkeeper. He is currently playing for Deportivo Toluca. Lozano has usually been the substitute goalie, but during the Apertura 2006 and Clausura 2007 season in the Mexican league, he was frequently the starting goalie due to Toluca using first-string goalie Hernán Cristante in the international competitions Copa Sudamericana and Copa Libertadores, and in the 2010-11 season with San Luis FC until the arrive of Óscar Pérez to San Luis for the 2011-12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20492512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492512" title="Sauveur Gandolfi-Scheit">
Sauveur Gandolfi-Scheit

Sauveur Gandolfi-Scheit (born January 19, 1947 in Biguglia, Haute-Corse) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Haute-Corse department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492519" title="Serge Blisko">
Serge Blisko

Serge Blisko (born 6 January 1950 in Nancy) is a French politician and a member of the National Assembly of France. He was reelected as the member of the seventh legislature (spanning from 2007 to 2012) for the tenth Parisian constituency. He is a socialist, a doctor, and a member of the municipal government for the thirteenth borough of Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20492524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492524" title="Italy–Mexico relations">
Italy–Mexico relations

Italy–Mexico relations refers to the diplomatic relations between Italy and Mexico.
History.
The first contact between Italy and Mexico was in 1869, just before the end of Italian unification in 1870; when Italy expressed its desire to open a consulate in Mexico. A consulate was opened in Mexico in December 1872, however, diplomatic relations between the two nations were not established until 15 December 1874.
During World War I, Mexico remained neutral because it was involved in its own revolution during the same time. In the 1930s, diplomatic relations between the two nations began to deteriorate when Prime Minister Benito Mussolini invaded and annexed Abyssinia (now Ethiopia) during the Second Italo-Ethiopian War in 1935-1936. Mexico was one of the few countries to vehemently oppose the occupation of Abyssinia by Italian forces. On 22 May 1942, Mexico declared war on the axis powers due to German u-boat attacks on two Mexican oil tankers in the Gulf of Mexico that same year. Diplomatic relations were re-established on 1 June 1946.
Present day.
Today Italian-Mexican relations are strong. There have been several official visits by presidents of both nations to each other's countries respectively. In 1997, Mexico signed a Free Trade Agreement with the European Union (which includes Italy).
Trade between the two nations totaled just over six billion USD in 2011. Among the products that Mexico exports to Italy are: automobiles and petroleum based products. Italy exports mainly steel products to Mexico. Today, Italy is Mexico's ninth biggest trading partner in the world (third in Europe after Germany and Spain). Mexico is Italy's second biggest trading partner in Latin-America (after Brazil).
Common memberships.
Both nations are members of the G20, OECD, Latin Union and the United Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="20492530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492530" title="Serge Grouard">
Serge Grouard

Serge Grouard (born March 19, 1959) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Loiret department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492532" title="Hussain Al-Qallaf Al-Bahrani">
Hussain Al-Qallaf Al-Bahrani

Hussain Ali Alsayyid Khalifa Hussain Al Qallaf Al Bahrani (Arabic:حسين علي السيد خليفة حسين القلاف البحراني), known as "Hussain Al Qallaf" is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the first district. Born in 1958, Al-Qallaf studied Sharia law before being elected to the National Assembly in 1996. While political parties are technically illegal in Kuwait, Al-Qallaf affiliates with the Shia deputies.
Views.
Criticism of Kuwaiti Minister of Education for not wearing the hijab.
On June 18, 2008, Al-Qallaf criticized Education Minister Nouriya Al-Subaih for not wearing the hijab, telling the Arab Times, "It is difficult to comprehend the new Cabinet as it consists of ministers with opposing views, including two women who refused to comply with the dress code stipulated by the Constitution..."
Opposition to 2008 government stock market bailout.
Al-Qallaf criticized the government's October 2008 stock-market bailout, alleging that it short-changed small investors and reasoning that the bailout money would be better spent on social allowances for the masses.
Opposition to parliament bill insuring all types of deposits in Kuwaiti banks.
On October 28, 2008, the parliament voted 50-7 to insure all types of deposits in all local banks within Kuwait. Al-Qallaf opposed the bill, along with Jabir Al-Azmi, Daifallah Bouramiya, Mohammed Al-Obaid, Mohammed Hayef AlـMutairi, and Musallam AlـBarrak and Waleed AlـTabtabaie. Al-Qallaf accused the Cabinet of speeding up the bill's passage for the benefit of monetary tycoons.
Opposition to Islamist no confidence vote to grill the prime minister.
In November 2008, Waleed Al-Tabtabaie, Mohammed AlـMutair and Mohammed Hayef AlـMutairi filed a request to grill Prime Minister Nasser Mohammed Al-Ahmed Al-Sabah for allowing prominent Iranian Shiite cleric Mohammad Baqir al-Fali to enter Kuwait despite a legal ban.
On November 20, 2008, Al-Qallaf criticized this move as political gamesmanship, telling AFP, "This is a grilling by proxy and is a reflection of the dispute within the ruling family ... Some have made themselves available as tools for ruling family members." In response to the grilling request, Al-Qallaf also called on the Emir to "suspend parliament and the constitution" in a bid to stop the political bickering.

</doc>
<doc id="20492536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492536" title="Serge Janquin">
Serge Janquin

Serge Janquin (born August 5, 1943) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Pas-de-Calais department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20492545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492545" title="Serge Letchimy">
Serge Letchimy

Serge Letchimy (born January 13, 1953) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the island of Martinique since June 2007, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche parliamentary group. Letchimy is a member of the Martinican Progressive Party (PPM), or "Parti progressiste martiniquais". He was the successor of Aimé Césaire as Mayor of Fort de France from 2001 to 2010 and has been the President of the Regional Council of Martinique since March 26, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20492553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492553" title="Serge Poignant">
Serge Poignant

Serge Poignant (born November 1, 1947) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Loire-Atlantique department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492558" title="Simon Renucci">
Simon Renucci

Simon Renucci (born March 29, 1945) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Corse-du-Sud department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20492570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492570" title="Sophie Delong">
Sophie Delong

Sophie Delong (born July 17, 1957) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Haute-Marne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492577" title="Stéphane Demilly">
Stéphane Demilly

Stéphane Demilly (born June 26, 1963 in Albert, Somme) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Somme department, and is a member of the New Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20492585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492585" title="Sylvia Bassot">
Sylvia Bassot

Sylvia Bassot (18 December 1940 – 3 January 2014) was a member of the National Assembly of France from 1996 until 2012. She represented the Orne department, and was a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492593" title="Sylvia Pinel">
Sylvia Pinel

Sylvia Pinel (born 28 September 1977 in L'Union, Haute-Garonne) is a politician and Radical Party of the Left member of the National Assembly of France, where she represents the Tarn-et-Garonne department. 
On 16 May 2012 she was appointed Junior Minister for Crafts, Trade, and Tourism at the French Ministry of Productive Recovery by President François Hollande.

</doc>
<doc id="20492600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492600" title="Ilija Sivonjić">
Ilija Sivonjić

Ilija Sivonjić (; born 13 January 1987 in Zubovići, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian professional footballer, currently playing for Hrvatski dragovoljac in Prva HNL.
Club career.
Sivonjić started his senior career in top flight, debuting for Kamen Ingrad on 21 May 2005. He spent three seasons playing as midfielder and scored 9 goals in 49 appearances. Following Kamen's relegation at the end of the 2006–07 season, he was bought by Inter Zaprešić and made his first appearance for the club on 14 September 2007 against Međimurje, netting a brace in his debut. He ended the 2007–08 season with 4 goals in 21 appearances. In the 2008–09 season Sivonjić was Inter's top goalscorer before he was transferred to Croatian champions Dinamo Zagreb on 18 December 2008. In his debut season for Dinamo Sivonjič made 14 league and 3 more in the Croatian Cup, scoring 4 goals. Sivonjić started 2009–10 season with a goal at Dinamo's opening league match against Istra 1961 and also came in as a late substitute in Champions League match against Pyunik.
National team.
Sivonjić was capped four times in Croatia's under–19 team, all in 2006 in their under–19 European Championship qualifying campaign. He is also eligible to play for the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20492604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492604" title="Sylvie Andrieux">
Sylvie Andrieux

Sylvie Andrieux (born December 15, 1961 in Marseille) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the department of Bouches-du-Rhône, and sat initially as a member of "Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche". She is implicated in the scandal of misappropriation of the Conseil régional de Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur subventions
In May 2013, having been convicted of misappropriation of public funds, she was excluded from the Socialist Party, and thenceforth sat as an independent in the National Assembly.
She was a member of Le Droit Humain until she resigned in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20492606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492606" title="Ozarka College">
Ozarka College

Ozarka College (OC) is a two-year public post-secondary institution with a main campus located in Melbourne, Arkansas and satellite campuses in Mountain View, Ash Flat, and Mammoth Spring. Serving the populations of Izard, Stone, Fulton, and Sharp counties, Ozarka has benefited greatly from the Arkansas legislature passing ACT 1244, which permitted it to grow into a full fledged community college. This was done as part of a wider movement to transform Arkansas' technical schools into community colleges.
The school opened in 1975 as "Ozarka Vocational-Technical School" and was renamed to "Ozarka Technical College" by the Arkansas legislature in 1991. In 1999, it dropped the word Technical from its name to emphasize its wider range of programs. Currently the college enrolls approximately 1,500 students per semester.
In 2002, the college received a donation to serve as the site of a distance learning center in Ash Flat, Arkansas. The donation came from First National Bank of Sharp County and Bob Watson of Brooksville, Florida. It had an assessed value of 105,000 dollars.
In 2008 a new structure designed by Rico Harris of Harris Architecture in Hot Springs, Arkansas was completed to accompany the existing building.
In 2004 the college's library was renamed to Paul Weaver Library to honor the senator Paul Weaver due to his contribution to Ozarka College and its community.
Students.
The ratio of males to females is about 31% to 69%.

</doc>
<doc id="20492610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492610" title="Alaloum">
Alaloum

Alaloum (Greek: ) is a 1982 Greek comedy film directed by Giorgos Apostolidis, Giannis Smaragdis and Giannis Typaldos, starring Harry Klynn, Manos Destounis and Joly Garbi.
Plot.
The movie features between these different skecthes and comedic productions in Greek entertainment in the 1980s with Harry Klynn which laughed with different roles, one of them include: Officer Bekas which laughed in a of one fanatic and entered the wrong home, Artemis which he had existence of an entry and Golfo in which Klynn played and as Trabakoula, a kindly Vlach which he lived in an unnamed village in which progression and the teconology they do not have made it without knowing who brought it by the shipper from the city. TVs and other electronics that changed their life.

</doc>
<doc id="20492619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492619" title="Sébastien Huyghe">
Sébastien Huyghe

Sébastien Huyghe (born October 25, 1969 in Béthune, Pas-de-Calais) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Nord department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492631" title="The Miracle of the Cards">
The Miracle of the Cards

The Miracle of the Cards is 2002 American television drama film distributed by Cloud Ten Pictures. It starred Kirk Cameron, Karin Konoval, Catherine Oxenberg, Peter Wingfield and Richard Thomas. It first aired on November 10, 2001 on PAX (now known as Ion Television).
"The Miracle of the Cards"' taglines were "Witness the power of faith" and "Can the whole world's prayers work a miracle?" It was not rated by the Motion Picture Association of America.
Plot.
"The Miracle of the Cards" is based on the true story of eight-year-old English youngster Craig Shergold (Thomas Sangster), who in 1989 is diagnosed with a brain tumor. Although the prognosis is negative, Craig's mother Marion (Catherine Oxenberg) becomes convinced that there is a cure for it, and that the means of finding that cure is to break the Guinness World Record for receiving greeting cards. Broadcasting a plea to everyone in the world, Marion is successful in bringing 350 million cards to Craig's door. One of those cards provides the key for Craig's ultimate salvation. A cynical reporter, Josh (Kirk Cameron), finds himself witnessing a miracle he can hardly believe.

</doc>
<doc id="20492634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492634" title="Marshfield Dreams">
Marshfield Dreams

Marshfield Dreams: When I Was a Kid is a memoir written by the American writer, poet and educational consultant Ralph Fletcher, it covers his life from birth to age thirteen when his family moved from Marshfield, Massachusetts to Chicago.
Summary.
Each short chapter tells of an incident growing up in a large family on Acorn Street in Marshfield, Massachusetts. Ralph was the oldest of nine children. Some of the stories told were Ralph being informed of his mother's pregnancy by a nosy classmate, his mother's game called "snuck up the rug" where the whole family got down and pulled dirt from the carpets. Other stories include his father bringing home a pet chicken for each child and his great-grandmother who buried the kids' old teeth in the garden.
Reception.
Anne O'Malley reviewing the book for Booklist said that "many of the vignettes have a choppy style and a heavy nostalgic tone, but for readers who enjoy imagining what it was like to be a kid in the days of yore, this has a certain charm." Kirkus Reviews said that "this scrapbook of family moments is an amusing, charming and heartwarming memoir about a close family--close in terms of both small house space and their feelings for each other. A snapshot of small-world life that will open readers' eyes to the bonds of a peerless time and simpler lifestyle." Alison Follos was very positive in her review for School Library Journal saying "Fletcher's connection to nature and the environment infuse every aspect of his life. Written with sagacious eloquence and gentle humor, this work stands strong in the ranks of authors' memoirs and autobiographies." Karen Coats reviewing for The Bulletin of the Center for Children's Books said "the short, episodic chapters-really more a sequence of vignettes-don't ask for any significant overlays of emotion or interpretation, so reluctant readers may appreciate the well-told but unobtrusive presentations of ordinary events."

</doc>
<doc id="20492639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492639" title="Thierry Benoit">
Thierry Benoit

Thierry Benoit (born September 13, 1966 in Fougères, Ille-et-Vilaine) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Ille-et-Vilaine department, is a member of the Centrist Alliance and caucuses with the New Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20492642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492642" title="Ardee Baroque Festival">
Ardee Baroque Festival

Ardee Baroque is a celebration of music from the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, which takes place each November in the historic market town of Ardee, County Louth, Republic Of Ireland. 
The festival is an initiative of the Arts Service of Louth Local Authorities, and first took place in 2004. Since its inception, Ardee Baroque has hosted the Irish Baroque Orchestra for the week preceding the performances, as they rehearse two new concert programmes, and deliver an outreach programme which sees the players perform in schools, day-care centres, and other community venues. As well as the Irish Baroque Orchestra, Ardee Baroque has hosted performers such as Fionnuala Moynihan, New York Polyphony, Opus Anglicanum, Dunedin Consort, and Resurgam. 
The Board of Ardee Baroque is drawn from the local community, and works in partnership with the Arts Service in programming, managing, and marketing the festival. With financial support from the Arts Council/An Chomhairle Ealaíonn, the festival has grown and developed from small beginnings to become an established weekend on the Northeast's cultural calendar. Ardee Baroque has garnered positive reviews for many of its performances. It has been referred to by the Irish Times as "a music festival that could hold its head up anywhere", and described by the Sunday Times thus - ""Of all the boutique music festivals staged around Ireland, the annual celebration of baroque music in the Co Louth town of Ardee is surely the most quaint."

</doc>
<doc id="20492648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492648" title="Thierry Carcenac">
Thierry Carcenac

Thierry Carcenac (born December 19, 1950 in Lescure-d'Albigeois) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Tarn department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20492651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492651" title="Jane Aiken Hodge">
Jane Aiken Hodge

Jane Aiken Hodge (December 4, 1917 – June 17, 2009) was an American-born British writer.
Life.
Born near Cambridge, Massachusetts, the second child of Pulitzer prize-winning poet Conrad Aiken and his first wife, the writer Jessie McDonald. Jane Hodge was 3 years old when her family moved to Great Britain, settling in Rye, East Sussex where her younger sister, Joan, who would become a novelist and a children's writer, was born. Their parents' marriage was dissolved in 1929. 
From 1935, Jane Hodge read English at Somerville College, Oxford University, and in 1938 she took a second degree in English at Radcliffe College, USA, her mother's alma mater. She was a civil servant for a time, and also worked for "Time Magazine", before returning to the UK in 1947. 
Her works of fiction include historical novels and contemporary detective novels. In 1972 she renounced her United States citizenship and became a British subject.
For many years a believer in the right of people to end their own lives, Hodge chose to end her own life by means of an overdose in June 2009. The Times obituary (pub. July 25, 2009) stated that she left "a letter expressing her deep distress that she had felt unable to discuss her plans with her daughters without risking making them accessories.".
She died at home in Lewes, Sussex on June 17 2009 and was survived by two daughters and two granddaughters.

</doc>
<doc id="20492652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492652" title="Francisco Vidal Franco">
Francisco Vidal Franco

Francisco Vidal Franco Cisneros (born 25 August 1987 in Autlán, Jalisco, México) is a Mexican football defender. He is currently playing for Deportivo Toluca.
Franco was one of the many uprooted young players from Toluca's secondary squad Atlético Mexiquense by then coach Américo Gallego. He made his professional debut with Toluca during the Clausura 2007 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20492657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492657" title="Thierry Lazaro">
Thierry Lazaro

Thierry Lazaro (born September 27, 1960) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Nord department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492662" title="Tony Dreyfus">
Tony Dreyfus

Tony Dreyfus (born January 9, 1939 in Paris) was a member of the National Assembly of France from 1997 to 2012. He represented the city of Paris, and was a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20492669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492669" title="Valérie Boyer">
Valérie Boyer

Valérie Boyer (born 1962) is a French politician. She serves as a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Bouches-du-Rhône department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
Biography.
Early life.
Valérie Boyer was born on June 11, 1962 in Bourges, France. Her parents were born in Algeria and Tunis during French Colonial occupation. 
Career.
She first gathered media attention when she proposed a bill to punish advertisements which include anorexic models. She proposed to fine offenders with up to 30.000 Euros.
On 22 December 2011, the National Assembly of France adopted a bill presented by Valérie Boyer, penalizing denial of the Armenian Genocide. This decision caused a controversy between France and Turkey. In the days that follow, she claimed that she had received death and rape threats. No one was actually charged with these allegations. Turkish hackers took down the French Senate’s website in order to protest her attempt. 
Personal life.
She is a single mother of three children.

</doc>
<doc id="20492679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492679" title="Great Steak">
Great Steak

Great Steak (formerly Great Steak and Potato Company) is a chain of Philadelphia cheesesteak restaurants. Great Steak is a wholly owned subsidiary of Kahala Franchising, L.L.C. of Scottsdale, Arizona. The chain was founded in Dayton, Ohio in 1982. As of 2010, Great Steak has nearly 160 locations in the United States and abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="20492680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492680" title="Valérie Fourneyron">
Valérie Fourneyron

Valérie Fourneyron ( ; born October 14, 1959) is a member of the National Assembly of France. She represents the Seine-Maritime department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche. She is, since 16 May 2012, Minister for Sport, Youth, and Community Life in the Ayrault Cabinet.
She holds a number of other elected political offices. For example, since 2008 she is the mayor of Rouen.

</doc>
<doc id="20492689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492689" title="Valérie Rosso-Debord">
Valérie Rosso-Debord

Valérie Rosso-Debord (born November 29, 1971) was a member of the National Assembly of France. She is of Italian origin and represented the Meurthe-et-Moselle department, and was a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. She lost her seat on 17 June 2012 to Socialist Hervé Féron, by 54.15% to 45.85%.

</doc>
<doc id="20492692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492692" title="2008–09 New Zealand V8 season">
2008–09 New Zealand V8 season

The 2008–09 New Zealand V8 season began at Taupo on 3–5 October 2008 and finished at Hamilton near Auckland on 17–19 April 2009 after seven championship meetings and one season-ending non-championship event. Kayne Scott overturned a 38-point deficit heading into the final round at Pukekohe Park Raceway, to finish as champion; winning the title by nine points ahead of John McIntyre.
Teams and drivers.
The following teams and drivers are competing in the current series.
Points structure.
Each championship round consists of three races, one on Saturday afternoon, one on Sunday morning and a final reverse grid race on Sunday afternoon. Points for the 2008/2009 championship are allocated as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20492697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492697" title="Hussein Nasser Al-Huraiti">
Hussein Nasser Al-Huraiti

Hussein Nasser Al-Huraiti is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the first district. Born in 1962, Al-Huraiti worked as a judge, a lawyer, and a professor before being elected to the National Assembly in 2006. Al-Huraiti is an Independent deputy who is on good terms with the Al-Sabah royal family. 
Minister of Justice and Islamic Affairs.
Al-Huraiti is also the Minister of Justice and Islamic Affairs, the only elected MP in the cabinet. Kuwaiti law requires the government to include at least one elected lawmaker.
Human Trafficking Law.
On September 30, 2008, Al-Huraiti submitted a new law on human trafficking to the Cabinet. On September 23, the Supreme Committee for Human Rights had held a meeting to adopt effective measures to avoid riots.
Supported Education Minister Nouriya Al-Sabeeh during no-confidence vote.
On January 19, 2008, Al-Huraiti told the Kuwait Times that he had met with Education Minister Nouriya Al-Sabeeh and heard from her replies to a number of questions related to the grilling and he was satisfied with her answers. The lawmaker also said that Sabeeh needed more time to execute her promised reforms. Al-Huraiti had previously been widely expected to back the no-confidence vote. He is one of seven MPs from the Awazem, the largest tribe in the country, whose other six MPs have already declared they would vote against the minister. MP Saad Al-Shurai Al-Azemi, who grilled the minister, belongs to the tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="20492700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492700" title="Vincent Descoeur">
Vincent Descoeur

Vincent Descoeur (born December 13, 1962 in Aurillac) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Cantal department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492710" title="Véronique Besse">
Véronique Besse

Véronique Besse (born 11 August 1963 in La Roche-sur-Yon, Vendée) is a member of the National Assembly of France and represents the Vendée department. Besse is a member of the Movement for France and does not align herself with any parliamentary group.

</doc>
<doc id="20492716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492716" title="William Dumas">
William Dumas

William Dumas (born January 23, 1942in Nîmes) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Gard department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20492727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492727" title="Xavier Breton">
Xavier Breton

Xavier Breton (born November 25, 1962 in Darney, Vosges) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the first constituency of the Ain department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492729" title="Krettly Quartet">
Krettly Quartet

The Krettly Quartet was a French string quartet musical ensemble active during the 1920s and 1930s. Its repertoire included avant-garde and modern works, and the group made early recordings of some of these.
Personnel.
1st violin
2nd violin
viola
'cello
Origins and activities.
The quartet took its name from the leader, the violinist Robert Krettly (b. 1891), who was brother of the cellist Odette Krettly (one of the teachers of Pierre Fournier (1906–1986)).
Robert Krettly took part in the premiere of the Gabriel Fauré Pianoforte Trio in D minor op 120, in Paris on May 12, 1923, with Jacques Patté (cello) and Tatiana Sanzévitch (piano). This formation therefore preceded the appearance of Robert Krettly as second violin, with Jacques Thibaud (1st violin), Maurice Vieux (1884–1951) (viola) and André Hekking (cello), in the premiere of the Gabriel Fauré string quartet (in E minor, op 121) at the Société Nationale de Musique in Paris on 12 June 1925. Fournier had also studied with André Hekking, and with Lucien Capet.
In 1929 Andre Navarra (1911–1988) replaced Pierre Fournier as cellist, and by 1931 François Broos had replaced Georges Taine at the viola desk. Navarra made his debut as a soloist in 1931, at the Concerts Colonne in Paris. Both Navarra and René Costard retired from the group in 1935, and in that year Costard established the French branch of Foldex maps.
Recordings.
The Krettly Quartet made some significant recordings before 1936, including principally:

</doc>
<doc id="20492732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492732" title="Yanick Paternotte">
Yanick Paternotte

Yanick Paternotte (born December 24, 1951) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Val-d'Oise department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.
He is the mayor of Sannois since 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20492740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492740" title="Environments (series)">
Environments (series)

Environments is a series of LPs, cassettes, 8-Track cartridges and CDs created by producer and sound recordist Irving Solomon Teibel (1938-2010) for Syntonic Research Inc. between 1970 and 1979. The series consists of recordings of natural sounds such as a seashore with crashing waves or a thunderstorm with falling rain, without musical accompaniment. The series ignited a worldwide interest in field recordings which resulted in literally thousands of imitations being released throughout the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s both with, and without, music (i.e.: Moods, Solitudes, Echoes of Nature, Nature Recordings, Magic Moods, etc.).
The Environments albums were considered definitive enough to have excerpts included on the Voyager Gold Record. The Environments series also presented some of the longest album-sides ever released.
Environments LPs.
The original series, released by Atlantic Records, comprised 11 long-playing records with a different environment on each side, for 22 total Environments.
Environments 1 (1970).
The initial recording in the series goes back to 1968. Working under the direction of Tony Conrad and Beverly Grant Conrad, Teibel recorded ocean waves at Coney Island for use in their feature film "Coming Attractions" (1970). Teibel immediately sensed the marketability of this material, noting its effect on improving concentration, enhancing sleep and sex, and imparting a sense of calm to the listener. Conrad, who wished to credit Walter De Maria for his prior usage of ocean recordings, was not willing to become a partner in the Syntonics Research enterprise as envisioned by Teibel, so Teibel parted ways with the "Coming Attractions" project. Subsequently Teibel himself felt unsatisfied with his results —- though his Uher stereo reel-to-reel tape recorder had faithfully captured the sounds of the surf, he felt that they were less convincing on playback. A friend of Teibel's, Louis Gerstman, had access to an IBM 360 computer, and he and Teibel played around with processing the recordings until eventually the two of them hit upon a series of manipulations (basically some rolling filtering and overdubbing) which sounded 'more real than real.' 
For the second side of the LP, Teibel recorded an enclosure of birds at the Bronx Zoo aviary. Later soundscapes were much more naturalistic.
Environments 2 (1970).
Alone among the Environments series, "Tintinnabulation" is not natural sounds at all but a series of computer-generated bell sounds playable at any speed from 16-2/3 to 78 RPM. The CD reissue opted for the 16-2/3 RPM speed.
The quintessential "field recording" with owls, crows, doves, insects, dogs and geese recorded early one morning in June 1969.
Environments 3 (1971).
The sounds of a spontaneous gathering in Central Park, April 6, 1969 with strolling musicians, dancers, anti-war protesters, and fragments of conversations. This recording presents the unmistakable ambiance of a place and time in culture now gone. Though many of the Environments recordings have been imitated, this one stands alone as a totally unique recording.
A warm summer night (recorded August 1970) deep in the backwoods of Eastern Pennsylvania, surrounded by insects and the occasional distant hound.
Environments 4 (1974).
One of the most-imitated nature recordings, with thunder, lightning and a torrential downpour. This one was recorded from a balcony in the city, unlike Environments 11 which was recorded outdoors in the country.
This recording revealed a paradoxical effect, where low-level high-frequency sounds could make a room seem quieter than when the recording was not playing.
Note: Announced inside Environments 4 but never released:
"Children at Play/Cocktail Party" (was to be Environments 9) and
"Spanish Train/Cable Car (S.F.)" (was to be Environments 10).
Environments 5 (1974).
A stethoscope heartbeat recording which can be used to calm infants, aid meditation or enhance lovemaking.
The soft rush of wind rustling the leaves of a grove in late autumn.
Environments 6 (1974).
Accessible only by airboat, Georgia's verdant wetlands are home to thousands of species both large and small, including growling alligators. Both recordings were taken at the same location, but ten hours apart.
Environments 7 (1976).
A blended chorus of male & female singers intoning an "Om" chant.
The cicadas, grasshoppers and katydids of a Vermont field provide a blanket of pulsating sound, subtly enhanced by further bug sounds from an EML synthesizer. 
Environments 8 (1974).
Creaking boards, straining lines, and a taut canvas recorded aboard a 42-foot sloop under full sail.
A small meandering stream near Stockbridge MA with insects, birds and the sound of water flowing over rocks. Another oft-imitated soundscape in the series.
Environments 9 (1979).
Slower and calmer than the Atlantic recordings on Environments 1, with seagulls.
Gently lapping waves on a white sand beach.
Environments 10 (1979).
Songbirds recorded in the Sussex countryside, near the Long Man of Wilmington chalk drawing.
The sound of a vast sea of insects, primarily cicadas.
Environments 11 (1979).
Howling wind and banging shutters in a ski chateau—a recording which seemingly lowers the temperature of any room.
A quiet afternoon of insects and birds gradually gives way to distant thunder, approaching rain squalls, and then a full-on rainstorm.
Environments cassettes.
The cassettes, marketed by Syntonic Research, consist of two half-hour sides with the same program on each side (except #14). These are the same recordings as on the LP series.
Environments CDs.
The compact discs, released by Atlantic Records in 1987, provide 60 minutes of material.

</doc>
<doc id="20492749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492749" title="Yannick Favennec">
Yannick Favennec

Yannick Favennec (born 12 August 1958) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Mayenne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492755" title="Yvan Lachaud">
Yvan Lachaud

Yvan Lachaud (born March 4, 1954 in Nîmes, Gard) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Gard department, and is a member of the New Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20492762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492762" title="Yves Albarello">
Yves Albarello

Yves Albarello (born 17 March 1952, in Aulnay-sous-Bois, Seine-et-Oise) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He is of Italian origin and he represents the Seine-et-Marne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. His political career began in 1976 with the creation of the Rally for the Republic.
An entrepreneur in the graphical sector and financial director by profession, Albarello was elected mayor of Claye-Souilly for the first time in 1989 with 49% of votes. He was subsequently re-elected in 1995, and in 2002 with 78% of the vote.
In 1996, he was awarded the Marianne d'Or for his action in the campaign against AIDS.
In 1998 he was elected regional councillor for the Île-de-France, teller for the UMP on environmental questions and re-elected in 2004.
As the second of Charles Cova, deputy of the 7th Circonscription of Seine-et-marne in the National Assembly, Albarello was officially welcomed into the party in October 2006 and part of the candidature from legislative elections in 2007. He was elected as a deputy on the 17 Juin 2007 against Emeric Brehier, the Socialist candidate, with more than 55% of the vote. His second is Claudine Thomas, regional adviser of Île-de-France since 2010.
He is also the departmental treasurer for the UMP in Seine-et-Marne, delegate of the 7th circonscription and national secretary in charge of the service industry.
On the 15 November 2004, he was elevated to the level of Chevalier in the Ordre national du Mérite.

</doc>
<doc id="20492767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492767" title="Straight as an Arrow">
Straight as an Arrow

"Straight as an Arrow" is the seventh episode in the 13th season of the Fox animated series "King of the Hill", and the 242nd episode overall. It originally aired on November 30, 2008. Andy Richter guest stars. The title is a play on the title of the third episode of the series, The Order Of The Straight Arrow.
Plot.
When Hank sees Bobby riding his bicycle with a flat tire but showing no apparent interest in fixing it, he fears that his son may grow up to be irresponsible. Meanwhile, Peggy takes over as Arlen's 'Welcome Wagon' lady after the previous welcomer resigns over various indiscretions. On Peggy's first Welcoming, she and Hank meet attachment parents Wesley and Annette Cherish, who have just moved to Arlen from Fort Worth. While discussing the various things to do in Arlen, Wesley states that he wishes to enroll his two oldest sons into the Order of the Straight Arrow. Hank mentions that Arlen does not have a chapter of 'the Arrow' any more, and Wesley suggests that he and Hank restart one. At the subsequent first meeting of the Order, Wesley decides to show the children how to build a fire; Hank is annoyed when the 'fires' turn out to be made up of twigs, ribbons, and a small fan, as Wesley believes building an actual fire to be too dangerous for the boys. Wesley then hands out the 'Arrow Knives', but to Hank's further dismay offers rubber toys rather than the actual, useful pocketknives Hank remembers from his own Arrow days. Afterward, Hank goes over to Wesley's house to discuss teaching the kids something more useful, proposing a lesson on tying knots and having the kids then craft a bow and arrow. When Wesley suggests making a dream catcher instead of the bow, dismissing a bow as too 'hunty-killy', Hank realizes that Wesley may in fact not be the type of man that he is.
Later, Hank relates his displeasure at Wesley's overprotective ideas about leading the Order to Dale, Bill, and Boomhauer after Wesley's latest announcement of a 'camp-in' (instead of a campout) at the library. Together, they decide to show the boys a real Order of the Straight Arrow experience, using Hank's having volunteered to watch the boys for part of the night as an opportunity. When Wesley turns the gathering over to Hank and heads home, Peggy and the guys arrive with offerings of snacks and sodas, and Hank turns the boys loose in the parking lot to roughhouse. However, Wesley's sons Robin and Carey consume too much sugar and run off into the woods, and Hank sends the guys to Wesley's house to stall his return while Hank searches for the runaway boys. This turns out to be a prime opportunity for the other Arrow kids, however, as Hank teaches them tracking, tree climbing, and compass skills while their search progresses. Meanwhile, Bill, Dale, and Boomhauer drive to Wesley's house and pretend to be stranded motorists, assuming that he would be nice enough to assist them; instead, Wesley sprays the three of them with mace.
Upon finally locating the errant boys, Hank and the Arrow kids return to the library, where they find Wesley and the guys waiting for them. Hank tells Wesley that they were just outside 'getting some air', but the guys admit to having told Wesley everything to get him to stop spraying them with mace. Wesley angrily tells Hank that he was acting irresponsibly, and that Robin has ADHD and Carey is hyperglycemic. After Wesley takes his boys home Peggy follows him stating she does not want to be the welcome wagon lady any more, however, the other boys in the Order ask Hank if he could teach them 'more cool Arrow stuff', and Hank decides to show them how to whittle a fishing spear.
Meanwhile, Luanne and Lucky go to their neighbors and friends in an attempt to collect on wedding gifts which they feel they are owed.
Ending Credit Quote.
Bill Dauterive: "Ahhhh! It burns, it burns!"

</doc>
<doc id="20492769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492769" title="Yves Bur">
Yves Bur

Yves Bur (born March 10, 1951) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Bas-Rhin department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492774" title="Yves Censi">
Yves Censi

Yves Censi (born February 8, 1964) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the first constituency of the Aveyron department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492780" title="Yves Fromion">
Yves Fromion

Yves Fromion (born September 15, 1941) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Cher department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492783" title="Yves Nicolin">
Yves Nicolin

Yves Nicolin (born March 5, 1963 in Le Coteau, Loire) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Loire department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492788" title="Al-Awazem">
Al-Awazem

Al-Awazem (; also spelled azmi and awazm) is a large Sunni family.
The Awazem is an influential family in Kuwaiti politics. The family as an especially strong base in the first electoral district (in the Kuwait City metropolitan area) and the fifth electoral district (in the south of the country), where it accounts for about 20% of voters.

</doc>
<doc id="20492794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492794" title="Yves Vandewalle">
Yves Vandewalle

Yves Vandewalle (born June 5, 1950) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Yvelines department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20492808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492808" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1937">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1937

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1937 Australian federal election. The election was held on 23 October 1937. 
In 1936, the Lang Labor group had been reabsorbed into the Australian Labor Party. Seats are still designated as being held by Lang Labor.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text.
New South Wales.
Four seats were up for election. One of these was a short-term vacancy caused by United Australia Party Senator Lionel Courtenay's death; this had been filled in the interim by Guy Arkins. The United Australia Party-Country Party Coalition was defending four seats. United Australia Party Senator Dick Dein and Country Party Senator Mac Abbott were not up for re-election.
Queensland.
Three seats were up for election. The Labor Party was defending three seats. United Australia Party Senators Thomas Crawford and Harry Foll and Country Party Senator Walter Cooper were not up for re-election.
South Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The United Australia Party was defending three seats. United Australia Party Senators James McLachlan, George McLeay and Oliver Uppill were not up for re-election.
Tasmania.
Three seats were up for election. The United Australia Party was defending three seats. United Australia Party Senators Charles Grant, John Hayes and Herbert Hays were not up for re-election.
Victoria.
Three seats were up for election. The United Australia Party was defending three seats. United Australia Party Senators Charles Brand and John Leckie and Country Party Senator William Gibson were not up for re-election.
Western Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The United Australia Party-Country Party Coalition was defending three seats. United Australia Party Senators Herbert Collett and Allan MacDonald and Country Party Senator Bertie Johnston were not up for re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="20492823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492823" title="Ernest and Clarence Iverson">
Ernest and Clarence Iverson

Ernest and Clarence Iverson were popular radio personalities in the Midwest during the 1930s and 1940s. Ernest (1903–1958) was known as Slim Jim. His brother Clarence (1905-1990) was the Vagabond Kid. Together they performed an eclectic mix of music ranging from country western and Tin Pan Alley to gospel hymns and Scandinavian ballads.
Norwegian-American entertainers.
The Iversons, who were born near Binford, North Dakota, came from a large Norwegian-American family. When their mother died in 1910 their father hired a Norwegian immigrant housekeeper named Molly Rood. She not only taught the boys how to play the guitar but also a significant part of their Norwegian-language repertoire. 
Ernest Iverson left the Midwest as a young man and after an injury in the oil fields of Texas made heavy work impossible, he turned to radio for employment. In Wichita Falls and Omaha he established himself as a radio personality and singer. Then he headed north and got a job on a Minneapolis radio station.
By the early 1930s Ernest and his younger brother Clarence had reunited and formed an act as Slim Jim and the Vagabond Kid. During their heyday in the 1930s and 1940s the Iversons not only had a daily radio show but also performed live with their own band. Their half-hour radio broadcasts usually ended with some words of inspiration and a song of faith. Listeners might hear "It Is No Secret," "Just A Closer Walk With Thee" or "The Old Rugged Cross." 
One of Slim Jim's longtime sponsors was the Town Market Furniture Company, whose working class clientele were well suited to the unpretentious performer. Some of his other sponsors were less reputable. Hamlin's Wizard Oil, the underwriter of an early songbook, was nothing more than a patent medicine company. One of its advertising slogans was "Cures all pain in man or beast". Crazy Water Crystals was in reality an overpriced laxative.
Later years.
The Iverson brothers were fixtures on Twin Cities radio until Clarence entered the army in 1943. After seeing action in France, he once again teamed up with his brother Ernest. In 1948 Clarence left show business. For many years he and his wife Frances operated a nursery in Blaine, Minnesota. They moved back to their hometown of Binford, North Dakota in 1970.
Slim Jim continued as a solo act in the 1950s. He had a daily radio show and hosted the television program "Slim Jim’s Westerners". He was much in demand for live performances and made a number of records. His death in 1958 was mourned by thousands of fans. Having married into the Ruschmeyer family of Buffalo Lake, Minnesota, he was buried in the town cemetery there. His wife DeLoris, who never remarried, survived him by fifty years. 
Ernest Iverson was inducted into the Pavek Museum of Broadcasting's Hall of Fame in 2003.
Recording artists.
Slim Jim was not a prolific recording artist. In the early 1950s the FM Recording Company released a few of his songs. Later on he had a couple of singles on the Soma label. One of his most popular efforts was "The Drifting, Whistling Snow," an inspired take-off on the 1955 country western hit "The Shifting, Whispering Sands."
After Iverson’s death in 1958 Soma Records released an album, which collected his studio work and some unreleased material with his brother Clarence. The tracks included comic dialect songs, the plaintive ballad "Jeg Er En Fattig Liten Dreng" (I Am A Poor Little Farmhand), "Nikolina" — in both Norwegian and English — and the gospel hymn "A Beautiful Life". The LP “Slim Jim sings Nikolina and other favorites” was available in Midwestern record stores until the late 1970s.
In 1980 Howard Pine, who had worked on Slim Jim’s radio show, released the first of four albums taken from the artist’s broadcast performances. As recently as 2006 he released the CD "Rocking Chair Radio" with twelve more tracks by the singer. These live recordings from the early 1950s were remastered from acetate discs made by Slim Jim’s sound engineer. In 1980 Clarence Iverson came out of retirement and recorded an album, produced by Pine, called "The Vagabond Kid sings Great Grand Dad".
Musical repertoire.
The Iversons were transitional figures, who bridged the gap between Scandinavian immigrants and their American-born descendants. The brothers' 1939 songbook was mostly in English but had a few Norwegian songs such as "Kom Til Den Hvitmalte Kirke" (The Church In The Wildwood) and "Det Døende Barn" (The Dying Child), whose author was Hans Christian Andersen.
Slim Jim and the Kid were songwriters with such titles as "My Gal With The Pretty Red Hair" and "Can I Play My Guitar In Heaven" to their credit. Their 1937 collection of cowboy and mountain ballads, however, had only a handful of original songs. Among the old favorites in the book were "Silver Threads Among the Gold," "Frankie And Johnny" and "The Yellow Rose Of Texas". On the radio the Iversons would even sing current hits like "When It's Lamp Lighting Time In The Valley" and "Mockin' Bird Hill". A program might also have "Play a Simple Melody" by Irving Berlin or the romantic "The West, A Nest And You."
Slim Jim sided with the working man, and his first songbook even had an adaptaton of "The Popular Wobbly" by the Finnish-American labor activist T-Bone Slim. "The Popular Wobbly" was a parody of the 1917 song "They Go Wild Simply Wild Over Me."
The Iverson Brothers published songbooks in 1931, 1937 and 1939. All three are on file at the Minnesota Historical Society.
Ernest and Clarence acknowledged their Norwegian roots with songs like "Ungdoms Mynder" (Memories Of Youth) and "Jeg Er Saa Glad Hver Julekveld" (I Am So Glad Each Christmas Eve). Just as easily they could poke fun at themselves and their countrymen with "Scandinavian Hot Shot" or "John Johnson’s Wedding".
The Iversons were also influenced by artists of an earlier generation. "Nikolina" had been a huge hit for the Swedish immigrant singer Hjalmar Peterson. Slim Jim and the Kid recorded the song in English, and their version has remained popular with generations of Scandinavian-Americans.
The Snoose Boulevard Festival.
The Snoose Boulevard Festival was held in the Cedar-Riverside neighborhood of Minneapolis from 1972 through 1977. In the late 19th century Cedar Avenue became known as “Snoose Boulevard”, a nickname often given to the main street in Scandinavian communities. The term derived from the residents’ fondness for "snus" (snuff), an inexpensive form of tobacco. The event, which celebrated the area’s Scandinavian past, featured the music, food, and arts of the immigrants who had once lived there. It also highlighted the careers of Olle i Skratthult (Hjalmar Peterson), Slim Jim and the Vagabond Kid (Ernest and Clarence Iverson) and the Olson Sisters (Eleonora and Ethel Olson).
The headline performer was the Swedish-born singer Anne-Charlotte Harvey. In conjunction with the festival she recorded three albums of folk tunes, emigrant ballads, hymns, waltzes and comic songs. The non-profit Olle i Skratthult Project sponsored the annual celebration and the recordings. Harvey’s albums, produced by the renowned ethnomusicologist Maury Bernstein, included six songs from the Iverson Brothers' repertoire.
The Cylinder Preservation and Digitization Project.
The Cylinder Preservation and Digitization Project has streaming audio and mp3 downloads for several songs published by Slim Jim and the Vagabond Kid. A link to the web site is provided below. 
See also.
Wobblies
External links.
Find a Grave
Snoose Boulevard articles
Photos
Image files at the Internet Archive
Snoose Boulevard photos at the Minnesota Historical Society
The Cylinder Preservation and Digitization Project
Streaming audio at the Library of Congress
Streaming audio at the Internet Archive
Songbooks
Sheet music
Song lyrics

</doc>
<doc id="20492885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492885" title="George W. Holden">
George W. Holden

George W. Holden (February 27, 1948 – August 22, 1973) was a professional heavyweight boxer, born in Medford, Massachusetts.
Personal life.
Holden was described by Howie Carr as a small-time hoodlum and boxer who became involved in organized crime. He was described in the sports column pages as "The Medford Irisher" and was a small time thug during his professional boxing career who became known to authorities. Little is known about his personal life except that he trained with future boxers Anthony Veranis, Tommy Sullivan, Americo Sacramone, Edward G. Connors and Joe DeNucci.
Boxing career.
George fought his first professional boxing match against Tony Lampton on August 24, 1967 in Portland, Maine and his last match on April 13, 1972 against Jimmy McDermott, also in Portland, Maine. He was sponsored by the Everlast sporting goods company. Of his 43 professional fights, he won 13 (one by knockout), lost 26, and drew three. During his professional boxing career, he weighed between 168 and 186 pounds.
On July 26, 1971 when fighting Bob Benoit in Boston, Massachusetts, Benoit picked up a lop-sided decision over Holden heading the live portion of the closed circuit Muhammad Ali-Jimmy Ellis fight at the Reliant Astrodome in Houston, Texas. Benoit scored practically at will and frequently had Holden hurt, but allowed him to get up off the hook. 
In his April 13, 1972 match against Jimmy McDermott, Holden entered the ring heavily intoxicated and was indefinitely suspended from professional boxing, ending his career. His final fight against McDermott was declared a no-contest.
Death.
On August 23, 1973, Holden's body was found washed up along the shoreline of the Mystic River in Charlestown, Massachusetts. His body was discovered along the shoreline between Terminal and Medford Streets. Police reported that he had been murdered with a small-caliber handgun by a single, gangland execution gunshot to the head. His murder was never solved, and no suspects were identified. According to city officials, Holden's murder was the 82nd homicide in the city of Boston in 1973. A number of his fellow competitors met a similar fate, including Anthony Veranis and Rocco DiSiglio, both murdered in 1966; Edward G. Connors, murdered in 1975; and Americo Sacramone, murdered in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20492890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492890" title="Alana Cash">
Alana Cash

Alana Cash is an American writer and filmmaker currently based in Los Angeles, California.
Films.
Cash's documentary films address the lives of women in science and have been distributed to schools and libraries worldwide:
"Anna Freud" was translated into German and aired on ORF Television Germany, and Switzerland.
Cash also wrote and directed an award-winning feature film "Tom's Wife".
Awards.
"Tom's Wife" won several film honors:

</doc>
<doc id="20492893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492893" title="Mikhled Al-Azmi">
Mikhled Al-Azmi

Mikhled Al-Azmi is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the first district. While political parties are technically illegal in Kuwait, Al-Azmi affiliates with Islamist deputies. 
Supports Sharia draft bill.
On July 10, 2001, Al-Azmi and Waleed Al-Tabtabaie presented a draft bill to amend Kuwait's penal code to meet Islamic sharia law.
Protested Against Israeli Attacks.
On December 28, 2008, Kuwaiti lawmakers Mikhled Al-Azmi, Musallam Al-Barrak, Marzouq Al-Ghanim, Jaaman Al-Harbash, Ahmad Al-Mulaifi, Mohammad Hayef Al-Mutairi, Ahmad Al-Saadoun, Nasser Al-Sane, and Waleed Al-Tabtabaie protested in front of the National Assembly building against the attacks by Israel on Gaza. Protesters burned Israeli flags, waved banners reading, "No to hunger, no to submission" and chanted "Allahu Akbar". Israel launched air strikes against Hamas in the Gaza Strip on December 26 after a six-month ceasefire ended on December 18.

</doc>
<doc id="20492897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492897" title="George Hulse">
George Hulse

George Hulse (1927 - September 10, 2001) was a British actor. Born in Liverpool, England, he later moved to Baltimore, Maryland with his wife. He starred in several acclaimed John Waters films. He died 1 day before the September 11th attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="20492909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492909" title="Renae Cruz">
Renae Cruz

Renae Cruz (born November 29, 1987) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress. 
Early life and career.
Born Stephanie Renee Rossi in New York on November 29, 1987, Cruz grew up as a military brat and lived in Brazil for a year before she entered the adult film industry in November 2006. Starting at the age of 19, she has since appeared in over 150 movies. She appeared in the 2008 "" episode "War on Porn".

</doc>
<doc id="20492922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492922" title="Swan Sequence">
Swan Sequence

The Swan Sequence (incipit: "Clangam, filii" "I shall cry out, my sons") is an anonymous Carolingian–Aquitainian Latin sequence first recorded around 850. Its melody was popular for some two centuries after its composition. 
In the sequence the swan has left the flowery land and is trapped on the ocean amidst terrible waves, unable to fly away. She longs for fish, but is unable to catch them; she looks up longingly at Orion. She prays for light to replace her darkness and, when the dawn finally comes, rises to the stars and flies to land. Then all the birds rejoice, praise God, and sing a doxology. In language it is neither classical Latin nor unlearned. Two neologisms ("alatizo", "I flap my wings", and "ovatizans", "rejoicing") appear, based on Greek. In general the poem exhibits verbal enigma and experimentation. Structurally the poem is syllabic with proparoxytone rhythm and inconsistent (half-)rhymes; it consistently ends on the sound "-a". This last feature (assonance) may suggest a connexion with the liturgical "Alleluia". 
In the manuscripts in which it appears without text, its melody is called the "Planctus cygni" ("Swan's Lament") or variants thereof. It was used for Sunday church services at Limoges and Winchester during the tenth century. During the eleventh it was a common melody for liturgical texts for the feast of the Holy Innocents (28 December); during the twelfth it was a common setting for Whitsun sequences in southern France and northern Spain. Its melody differs in important ways from Gregorian chant and shares some characteristics with the "lai". It is remarkably similar to another sequence, the "Berta vetula" of the Winchester Troper. 
To one medieval copyist of the text it was an allegory of the fall of man ("allegoria ac de cigno ad lapsum hominis"), to which Peter Godman adds redemption. In 1962 Bruno Stäblein argued that it was composed in the late ninth- or early tenth-century based on an older melody descended from a ritual Germanic "planctus" for a lost hero; Stäblein suggests commonalities with "Beowulf" (lines 3169ff). Godman denies any relationship to the "Beowulf" genre on the absence of animal imagery in the mourning passages, and suggests the ceremonies surrounding the death of Attila the Hun as recounted by Jordanes ("Getica" 49) or the mourning of Patroclus as presented by Homer ("Iliad" 24.16ff). Hans Spanke has furthered the religious interpretation, noting the resemblance to certain liturgical sequences and the presence of a short doxology, to which Godman adds the opening religious address to "filii" ("sons"). Other interpretations of the song include: an allegory of the Prodigal Son and an adaptation of the Greek myth of the holy swans of Apollo coming from the north. 
Patristic literature, earlier Carolingian literature, and early vernacular literature all use avian imagery for the wandering, searching mind or soul. It is found in Ambrose, Augustine, and Alcuin, and in the Old English poems "The Wanderer" and "The Seafarer"; in "The Phoenix" of Lactantius, in the "Dialogues" (iv.10) of Gregory the Great, in the "Consolation of Philosophy" (IV.i.1) of Boëthius, and in the "Vita Sancti Gregorii Magni" of a monk of Whitby (c.704–14). The Swan Sequence, along with the rest of Carolingian and vernacular literature, are borrowing from the patristic, exegetical, and liturgical traditions. The Swan Sequence may be seen as a dramatisation of them. 
The Swan Sequence is found in the earliest troper–sequentiary (BnF lat. 1240) from the Abbey of Saint-Martial in Limoges. By shortly after about 1100 it was no long being used or copied. Its last manuscript appearance is in the Norman manuscript BL Roy. 8 C xiii from around 1100. The twelfth-century Goliardic poem "Olim lacus", one of the Carmina Burana, is possibly a parody of the Swan Sequence, in which the swan is roasted for dinner.

</doc>
<doc id="20492927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492927" title="Irish Baroque Orchestra">
Irish Baroque Orchestra

The Irish Baroque Orchestra is an early music ensemble based in the Republic of Ireland. The Irish Baroque Orchestra is Ireland’s only professional period instrument orchestra. It was established in 1996 by Mark Duley and Thérèse Timoney. The artistic director is currently Monica Huggett.
The orchestra presents four seasons of concerts annually along with a number of one off events. Each season includes a week of education, in conjunction with the Dublin Institute of Technology Conservatory of Music and Drama. Their repertoire is mostly from the 17th and 18th Century.
It performs across the country, taking residency at the Ardee Baroque Festival each November in Ardee, County Louth. In 2009 the orchestra performed in the Dublin Handel Festival.
It is supported by RTÉ lyric fm and the Arts Council of Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20492935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492935" title="Abdullah Al-Fahma">
Abdullah Al-Fahma

Abdullah Al-Fahma is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the fifth district. Born in 1958, Al-Fahma was elected to the National Assembly in 2003. He is considered an Independent and is on good terms with the royal family. He is a member of the Al-Awazem tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="20492947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492947" title="Max Lackmann">
Max Lackmann

Max Lackmann (* 28 February 1910 in Erfurt; † 11 January 2000 in Fulda) was a German Lutheran ecumenist.
Lackmann studied theology at Bonn and Basel as a pupil of Karl Barth. He wrote against Nazi ideology, and he had to move from Germany to Basel. When he returned to Germany, he was ordained in 1940 and became pastor in Confessing Church. His preaching in criticism of Nazi regime caused him to be sent to Dachau concentration camp. In there his stay in the "priest block" became to him a profound ecumenical experience, which led him later to dedicate his work to the reunion of the Christendom. 
He belonged to the "Sammlung" movement of Hans Asmussen and had to retire earlier from Protestant church because of his "Catholic tendencies". Lackmann's answer to these accusations was, that “one is either a catholic Christian or one is no Christian.” Lackmann summed up the movement: 
In his book on the Augsburg Confession, Lackmann asserted that it contains a catholic confession of the ancient faith, and that it holds fast to the connection with the ancient Catholic, and even to the Roman Western Church.
Lackmann founded together with Paul Hacker and Gustav Huhn the League for Evangelical-Catholic Reunion. He took part in the Second Vatican Council as journalist and as an unofficial observer of the League and published its report under the title "Mit evangelischen Augen" (1963)

</doc>
<doc id="20492951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492951" title="CD Santanyí">
CD Santanyí

Club Deportivo Santanyí is a football team based in Santanyí in the autonomous community of Balearic Islands. Founded in 1968, it plays in the Tercera División - Group 11. Its stadium is "Estadi Municipal de Santanyí" with a capacity of 4,000 seats.
History.
Club Deportivo Santanyí was founded in 1968. The 2007-2008 season was able to play for promotion to the Segunda División B, but it lost the first tie against CD Mirandés by an overall result of 3-0.

</doc>
<doc id="20492957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492957" title="Fahad Al-Azmi">
Fahad Al-Azmi

Fahad Al-Azmi is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the fifth district. Born in 1954, Al-Azmi worked in the Interior Ministry before being elected to the National Assembly in 1999. Al-Azmi is considered an Independent and is on good terms with the royal family. He is a member of the Al-Awazem tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="20492960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492960" title="Parker-Hickman Farm Historic District">
Parker-Hickman Farm Historic District

The Parker-Hickman Farm includes the oldest standing log structure in Buffalo National River. The farm was homesteaded in the 1840s by settlers from Tennessee. It embodies an agricultural landscape with farmstead, extant fields (bench and bottomland), fencerows, roads, cattle gates, garden and orchard plots, wooded slopes and springs. Unlike most farms in the Ozarks the landscape is remarkably intact and provides insights and evidence spanning portions of two centuries of Ozark history; not randomly chosen, it conveys a feeling of enclosure and exemplifies adaptive use of topography. Among farms of its kind in Missouri and Arkansas it was once typical but now survives as a rare baseline example for Ozark yeomanry farms of mixed economies.Parker-Hickman was an agricultural enterprise that continuously operated until 1982 from a farmstead which exemplifies the entire period, and a rare one for the Ozarks since it survives. Clustered around the farmstead are several structures: barns, sheds smokehouse, privy, fences, stock feeders and house that represent a cross-section of rural vernacular architecture still in their original location.
Although other farms in the Ozark-Ouachita region had similar origins, with settlement patterns that evolved from subsistence to commercial agriculture, the Parker-Hickman farm is important because it survived intact. Until purchased by the National Park Service the Parker-Hickman farm continued uninterrupted as an agricultural enterprise for more than one hundred forty-five years, a rare intact survival of a typical southern upland farm in the Ozark-Ouachita region.

</doc>
<doc id="20492975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492975" title="Marzouq AlـHubaini Al-Azmi">
Marzouq AlـHubaini Al-Azmi

Marzouq AlـHubaini Al-Azmi is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the fifth district. Born in 1952, Al-Azmi studied business administration and worked in the National Council before being elected to the National Assembly in 1996. While political parties are technically illegal in Kuwait, Al-Azmi is part of the Popular Action Bloc. He is a member of the Al-Awazem tribe.
Mandatory Retirement Age for Teachers.
On November 28, 2008, MP Abdullah Al-Roumi joined MPs Khaled AlـSultan Bin Essa, Hassan Johar, Musallam Al-Barrak, and Al-Azmi in formulating a bill to extend the mandatory retirement age for Kuwaiti teaching staff at Kuwait University from 65 to 70 years. They argued that Item 32 of Law no. 15/1979 has denied the country services of able and intelligent academicians by restricting retirement age of Kuwaitis to 65 years. They recommended that a clause be added to the law such that the retirement age can become 70 years and can further be extended to 75 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20492976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492976" title="Of One Blood (film)">
Of One Blood (film)

Of One Blood is a 1944 race film directed by and starring Spencer Williams. The film focuses on two orphaned African American brothers who grow up to become a lawyer and a police officer, and who work together to break up a crime ring that is run by a miscreant who turns out to be their long-lost older brother.

</doc>
<doc id="20492999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20492999" title="Of One Blood">
Of One Blood

Of One Blood may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20493003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493003" title="Ruth Cunningham">
Ruth Cunningham

Ruth Cunningham is a classically trained musician and a sound healing practitioner. She was a founder member of Anonymous 4 and specializes in improvisational sacred music in liturgical and concert settings.

</doc>
<doc id="20493011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493011" title="Clarence-Rockland Transpo">
Clarence-Rockland Transpo

Clarence-Rockland Transpo provides a public transportation service to residents of Clarence-Rockland, a city in eastern Ontario, Canada, about east of Ottawa. The commuter bus service is part of the "Rural Partners Transit Service" of OC Transpo.

</doc>
<doc id="20493036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493036" title="Dynamic response index">
Dynamic response index

The Dynamic Response Index (DRI) is a measure of the likelihood of spinal damage arising from a vertical shock load such as might be encountered in a military environment (i.e., during a mine blast, or in an ejection seat). The DRI is a dimensionless number which is proportional to the maximum spinal compression suffered during the event.
The DRI is derived as the solution to an equation which models the human spine as a lumped single-degree-of-freedom spring-shock absorber system. The model uses an ordinary linear second-order differential equation with constant coefficients with spinal compression as the variable. The forcing function in the equation is the accelerative shock load delivered to the pelvis by the event. The equation is given below:
formula_1
In this equation, X denotes the spinal compression, and d2z/dt2 denotes the time-dependent shock acceleration (the input). The coefficients ω and ζ are the lumped spinal frequency and damping, ω = 52.90 radians/second, ζ = 0.224.
The DRI is defined in terms of the maximum spinal compression (Xmax) calculated from the differential equation, DRI = (ω2/G)·Xmax, where G is the acceleration of gravity (9.806 m/s2).
The DRI measure was derived from research on cadavers, as well as from “willing volunteers” (essentially, aviators who activated the ejection seat mechanism).
The limiting DRI value according to NATO STANAG 4569 is 17.7 with a 10% chance of serious injury. This corresponds to a maximum spinal compression of about 62 mm.
A simple rule of thumb for short duration shocks (much less than about a quarter of a cycle, which means much less than about 30 ms) is DRI = 3.96·ΔV, where ΔV is the total impulse delivered by the shock in units of meters per second. ΔV is simply the integral under the shock acceleration curve, equivalent to the “liftoff” velocity of the object undergoing shock loading. For a constant impulse, the DRI decreases as the duration of the pulse increases beyond about 30 ms.

</doc>
<doc id="20493037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493037" title="Pick 6">
Pick 6

Pick 6 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20493048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493048" title="Claude-Sébastien de Villieu">
Claude-Sébastien de Villieu

Claude-Sébastien de Villieu (fl. 1674–1705) was a French military officer best known for his service in New France. In addition to service during King William's War, he served for a time as military governor of Acadia.
According to his own statement, he served for fifteen years on the battlefields of Europe, beginning in 1674, before coming to New France. He participated in the defense of Quebec when it was attacked by New England colonists in 1690. In 1692 he married Judith Leneuf, the daughter of Michel Leneuf de La Vallière de Beaubassin. He led French forces in the 1694 raid on Durham, New Hampshire, after which he was rewarded with command of Fort Nashwaak (at present-day Fredericton, New Brunswick). He participated with Jean-Vincent d'Abbadie de Saint-Castin in Pierre Le Moyne d'Iberville's successful Siege of Pemaquid in 1696. The ship carrying him from Pemaquid (in present-day Bristol, Maine) was captured, and he was imprisoned in Boston. Eventually released back to France, he returned to Acadia, where he served as the temporary governor from July 1700 to December 1701 after the death of governor Robineau de Villebon.
Little is known of the rest of his life. He was known to have difficult relations with his superiors, but was popular with the people in Acadia.

</doc>
<doc id="20493051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493051" title="Revolve Film and Music Festival">
Revolve Film and Music Festival

The Revolve Film + Music Festival is a regional film festival located in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. It is North Carolina's only film festival that screens on a monthly basis, with a 5-day festival of film and live music tie-ins. Revolve focuses on keeping its programming current and concise, often screening North Carolina and North American premieres, and bringing in visiting filmmakers and musicians to reflect its ongoing emphasis on film, music and socializing.
History.
Revolve was founded in 2008 by musician Shalini Chatterjee. After five monthly screenings, the Revolve Festival debuted on Aug. 6, 2008 with a five-day schedule featuring 20 features and shorts. Many of the movies had music as a theme.

</doc>
<doc id="20493058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493058" title="Mohammed Abdullah Al-Ajmi">
Mohammed Abdullah Al-Ajmi

Mohammed Abdullah Al-Ajmi is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the fifth district. Born in 1971, Al-Ajmi obtained a PhD in management from Yarmouk University in Jordan and worked as a professor before being elected to the National Assembly in 2008. Al-Ajmi is considered an Independent deputy. He is a member of the Ajman tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="20493084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493084" title="Ryan Bank">
Ryan Bank

Ryan Clayton Bank (born April 27, 1981) is an Emerging Technology Expert and Social Innovation Evangelist. Bank is the Founder of Social Intelligence Corporation, a start-up company that enables governments and corporate clients to gather Social and Open Source Intelligence. Besides advising governments and corporations on the use of Emerging Technology, Bank is also a featured speaker both nationally and internationally on the organizational value of Innovation. 
Prior to founding Social Intelligence Corporation, Bank was an award-winning television producer, new media expert and President of Clayton Entertainment, a Chicago, Illinois based media production and distribution company.
Early life.
Bank is the son of Charles Nicky Bank, a financial industry executive, and Charlotte Bank, a homemaker. He attended Bannockburn Elementary School and then Deerfield High School (Illinois) in Deerfield, Illinois, where he first started in media production. While in high school, he received numerous national and international media awards. Ryan Bank graduated "cum laude" from the School of Communications through the School of Continuing Studies of Northwestern University where he was inducted into the Alpha Sigma Lambda society.
Clayton Entertainment.
Ryan Bank served as the president of Clayton Entertainment, a media production company based in Chicago, Illinois. Clayton Entertainment was founded as a media production company and has worked on projects ranging from music videos, television programs, media production and now New Media.
Clayton Entertainment has become involved with the production and distribution of new media projects with platforms such as Hulu.
"A Private War".
In 2001, Bank produced a documentary and feature film, "A Private War", about the life of Dr. Eugene Lazowski. Lazowski saved the lives of about 8,000 Jews in the town of Rozwadów as well as in surrounding villages by creating a fake typhus epidemic during World War II. He used medical science to save Jews and other Poles from being deported to the Nazi concentration camps.
Haiti Earthquake.
Bank developed a system for the United States Coast Guard that used social media monitoring to find survivors after the 2010 Haiti earthquake in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
Based on an extensive set of tools — including the remarkable work of several NGOs and Private Volunteer Organizations — he was able to monitor hundreds of thousands of messages coming from Haiti, looking for those that needed immediate rescue. Upon receiving distress messages, Bank worked with military responders to coordinate message traffic with information from other sources. Ultimately, this intelligence would be passed to commanders in the field and rescue teams were launched to the location.,
Honours and Awards.
Production Awards.
Bank has received over 30 awards for projects he has produced. Of those awards, 5 were international awards and several dozen were national honors including:

</doc>
<doc id="20493086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493086" title="Mohammed Faleh Al-Ajmi">
Mohammed Faleh Al-Ajmi

Mohammed Faleh Al-Ajmi is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the fifth district. Born in 1955, Al-Ajmi studied business administration and worked in the maritime industry before being elected to the National Assembly in 2008. Al-Ajmi is considered an Independent deputy, but he often votes with the Islamists. He is a member of the Ajman tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="20493091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493091" title="EEA Joint Committee">
EEA Joint Committee


</doc>
<doc id="20493144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493144" title="Fort Lancaster">
Fort Lancaster

Fort Lancaster, one in a series of forts erected along the western Texas frontier, is located in the Pecos River Valley in Crockett County, Texas, United States. The fort was established by Captain Stephen Decatur Carpenter on August 20, 1855, to guard the military supplies, commercial shipments, and immigrants moving along the San Antonio-El Paso Road. The 82 acre site, now operated by the Texas Historical Commission as Fort Lancaster State Historic Site, contains the ruins of twenty-nine buildings that made up the fort and a visitor center with a museum about the heritage of the fort. 
History.
When it was initially constructed in August, 1855 as Camp Lancaster, the buildings were simple shelters covered with canvas. A short time later pre-fabricated parts of experimental modular buildings, U.S. Army “Turnley Portable Cottages”, were hauled by wagon from the railhead in San Antonio and erected at the site. Camp Lancaster became Fort Lancaster on August 21, 1856. By 1858 it housed approximately 150 men, a commanding officer, and one commissioned officer for each of the companies H and K of the First United States Infantry. Company H left the fort on April 12, 1859 to take post at Fort Stockton, to the northwest. By 1860 most of the buildings were made of stone or adobe. In June 1860, the U.S. Camel Corps stopped at the fort, then continued westward.
Fort Lancaster was abandoned by the U.S. Army in March 1861, after Texas seceded from the Union. U.S. troops and their dependants (a few families, including enlisted men’s wives serving as laundresses) and the contract sutler were allowed by Texas State Troops to leave the fort with their arms, equipment, horses, draft animals, wagons, and personal belongings; they went to San Antonio, boarded trains for the Texas coast, and sailed away on U.S. ships. After declaration of war the fort was garrisoned by Company F, Second Regiment of the Texas Mounted Rifles, recently taken into the Confederate States Army, from December 1861 through April 1862. When the Civil War ended the fort was abandoned by Texas troops and the buildings began to deteriorate from vandalism and the harsh climate.
When the Civil War ended the U.S. Army occupied Texas; Texas was under U.S. Army administration until 1875. During the occupation several other frontier forts were established in Texas. Various companies of the 9th Cavalry rotated through Fort Lancaster and gradually the outpost was rebuilt. These soldiers escorted stagecoaches westward and fought skirmishes with Apaches. In December 1867 the U.S. 9th Cavalry’s Company K, a unit of African American cavalrymen with white commissioned officers, was stationed at the fort. These were seasoned “horse soldiers” including Civil War veteran non-commissioned officers. Largely because white cavalry units objected to designating them as “U.S. Cavalry”, they were furnished with “saddle mules" and horses inferior to those of other U.S. cavalry units; sometimes they were issued outdated arms and other such second-rate equipment. Despite their equally dangerous and arduous duties they were officially called “mounted infantry.” A motto ascribed to them was "forty miles a day on beans and hay." On December 26, 1867, a large band of Kickapoo and Comanchero raiders attacked the fort to steal horses. The company repelled the attack but lost 38 horses and mules. Some of the raiders returned two days later; they were unsuccessful in taking the remaining animals. The fort was not challenged by the renegades again.
In 1871 the fort's troops were active in dealing with the Kiowa-Comanche uprising. After the trouble subsided the fort was completely abandoned in 1873 or 1874. During the following decades much of the building material from the fort was used for buildings in the vicinity, particularly in Sheffield, about seven miles (8.4 km) west.
Archeology.
Within 40 years after being built the wooden-frame superstructures of some buildings at the fort burned. "Only a few partially extant walls, a chimney, and numerous wall foundations remained in 1912." This was the general condition of the site when the first scientific archeological investigations were conducted in 1966. Archeological excavations were again conducted in 1971 when the site was mapped and test excavations were done. Archeological investigations in 1974 revealed that officers' quarters buildings had wood-plank floors, thresholds, and door jambs fitted with iron pintels; the assumption is that doors were also of wood. These carbonized remains were left "in situ" after being exposed during archeological investigations, photographed, and recorded by measured drawings using grid systems tied to "modern" architectural features of the park facilities. The excavation units were stabilized by careful backfilling with soil removed from those units to protect the remains for anticipated future public display. Subsequent archeology in 1975 and 1976 revealed that wooden superstructure and flooring of site's commanding officer's residence and the sutler's store had likewise been destroyed by fire. Architectural details of buildings investigated by archeological excavation 1974-1976 indicate that before the buildings burned they were all similar in design and construction, as would be expected of military engineering. 
Preservation.
Fort Lancaster was deeded to Crockett County in 1968 by private owners for its preservation and public use. Title to the land subsequently was transferred to Texas Parks and Wildlife Department (TPWD) on April 16, 1968. TPWD architects attempted the first interpretative restoration at the site with modern cement mortar to stabilize the remaining stone walls and cement-fortified adobes to simulate the original plain-mud adobes of the enlisted men’s mess-hall. Associated with the 1974-1976 archeological investigations and as a preservation measure the archeologists in 1976 made adobes from untempered mud dug on site with hand tools. These adobes, sized to duplicate the original adobe bricks, were laid atop remaining original adobe walls at some of the officer’s quarters on the north side of the parade ground. Remains of these adobes still formed a protective preservative layer as late as April, 2010. A budget shortfall prompted the State to yield management of the site to Texas Rural Communities, Incorporated, in 1993. On January 1, 2008, operational control of the site was transferred from TPWD to the Texas Historical Commission, which now manages preservation and public visitation of the site.

</doc>
<doc id="20493186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493186" title="Abdulatif Al-Ameeri">
Abdulatif Al-Ameeri

Abdulatif AlـAmeeri is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the second district. Born in 1966, Al-Ameeri studied sharia law at Kuwait University and worked as a lawyer before being elected to the National Assembly in 2008. While political parties are technically illegal in Kuwait, Al-Ameeri affiliates with the Islamist Hadas party.
Against Forgiving Iraq's Debt.
Al-Ameeri opposes forgiving Iraq's debt. The debt, estimated at $16 billion, represents loans Kuwait made to Baghdad in the Saddam Hussein era, mostly during the 1980-1988 Iraq-Iran war. Al-Ameeri argues that, "The debt owed by Iraq to Kuwait is the right of the Kuwaiti people and no one has the right to negotiate over them." Al-Ameeri believes that the Kuwaiti voices calling to forgive the debt and compensation "should not be heeded and they do not represent the Kuwaiti people." He further opposes the debt forgiveness because Iraq has considerable oil wealth and because the, "Kuwaiti people shed their blood" during the 1990 Iraqi invasion of Kuwait. "The issue is a red line for Kuwait and no Kuwaiti will ever concede these loans," Al-Ameeri has been quoted as saying.
Criticism of Cabinet Appointments.
On August 23, 2008, Al-Ameeri told Al-Wasat, "There are some incompetent ministers in the Cabinet who are neither contributing to the development of the country nor to the government... These ministers are not fulfilling their duties towards the country." Speaking to Al-Wasat daily, the lawmaker called for amending second article of the Constitution, saying "this article is preventing the country's growth in all sectors." He added that change will come to the country if HH the Amir Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmed Al-Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah's vision to transform Kuwait into commercial and financial hub in the region is implemented.
Speaking about the fourth refinery project, Al-Ameeri ruled out reports about Al-Salafi group's special interests in the project and accused authorities of neglecting the project "which will benefit all Kuwaitis." He called for a general meeting of all parties of the society to discuss the project "before MPs target Minister of Oil." Al-Ameeri is against the appointment of women in the police force and hinted that their presence in police stations could lead to immoral activities.
The lawmaker is working on a draft bill that calls for restricting appointments at the top level. "The country suffers when everybody appoints his relatives in the most sensitive posts," he noted. Accusing the government of failing to arrest the spiraling prices of commodities in the local market, Al-Ameeri said traders are tarnishing the image of the country by playing with prices.
The lawmaker denies that extremist ideology is included in school syllabus and warned public from entering debates on such topics "because the education sector has no clear strategy."
He said he will support Hassan Johar in grilling Minister of Education and Higher Education Nuriya Al-Subaih, if she fails to answer his questions and refuted reports that the Al-Salafi group entered into a deal with the government. Al-Ameeri also finds the establishment of an Islamist bloc 'unnecessary' now "as it lost power in the last Parliament." 
Opposed to Grilling of Prime Minister.
In November 2008, Waleed Al-Tabtabaie, Mohammed AlـMutair and Mohammed Hayef AlـMutairi filed a request to grill Prime Minister Nasser Mohammed Al-Ahmed Al-Sabah for allowing prominent Iranian Shiite cleric Mohammad Baqir al-Fali to enter Kuwait despite a legal ban.
Al-Ameeri criticized this move, arguing that MPs should not start questioning the Prime Minister so soon after getting elected. Al-Ameeri further argued that, “The government should be given enough time to execute its agenda and plans...The relations between executive and legislative authorities should not deteriorate due to the personal agenda of one or two MPs.”

</doc>
<doc id="20493217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493217" title="Abdulaziz Al-Shayji">
Abdulaziz Al-Shayji

Abdulaziz Al-Shayji is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the third district. Born in 1967, Al-Shayji studied architectural engineering at University of Miami before being elected to the National Assembly in 2008. While political parties are technically illegal in Kuwait, Al-Shayji affiliates with the Islamist Hadas party.
Supports Women's Rights.
On November 3, 2008, Al-Shayji spoke in support of a women's rights bill. Speaking to Al-Watan Daily about the bill, Al-Shayji said: "This law grants women their social security rights, employment, education, health and housing rights. The parliamentary Committee for Women's Affairs has already included different suggestions presented by concerned MPs in this law, which also include providing equal chances for women to take leading positions, equal pay with men, giving full rights to widows and females married to nonـKuwaitis, in addition to special leaves."
Opposes Unconstitutional Dissolution of the Parliament.
On November 21, 2008, Shayji criticized calls for unconstitutional dissolution of Parliament, saying that such a move would avail thieves to plunder public funds: "Despite all the drawbacks within the National Assembly, the Parliament plays a crucial role in serving the country and the people." 

</doc>
<doc id="20493232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493232" title="Lindsey Meadows">
Lindsey Meadows

Lindsey Meadows (born April 10, 1982 in Cleveland, Ohio, United States) is an American pornographic actress. She entered the adult film industry in 2004 at the age of around 22, and has since appeared in over 150 movies.

</doc>
<doc id="20493273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493273" title="Central High School Neighborhood Historic District">
Central High School Neighborhood Historic District

The Central High School Neighborhood Historic District comprises the area in Little Rock, Arkansas surrounding Little Rock Central High School. The area was designated to provide historic context to the National Historic Landmark school. It includes the restored Magnolia Gas Station, which was a staging area for the media during the school integration crisis of 1957, and which, until recently, served as the National Park Service visitor center. Residences in the surrounding area include bungalows, Tudor Revival and Colonial Revival styles.

</doc>
<doc id="20493274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493274" title="Echo Lake (Charleston, Vermont)">
Echo Lake (Charleston, Vermont)

Echo Lake is located in the town of Charleston in Orleans County, Vermont, an area known as the Northeast Kingdom. It is one of only two deep, cold, and oligotrophic lakes in the Clyde River system. The first Surveyor General of Vermont, Whitelaw, gave it the name of Echo Pond because when any sound was produced in its vicinity it was reverberated in various directions, producing a series of echoes.
The freshwater lake covers and is long and at its widest; its maximum depth is . The lake is fed by the outlet from Lake Seymour. The lake drains into empties into the Clyde River, Lake Memphremagog and, eventually, Canada's St. Lawrence River. 
A dam is used for hydroelectric power. Construction was completed in 1922. It is owned by Citizens Utilities Company. The dam is concrete. The core is homogeneous concrete. The foundation is rock. The height is by . Maximum discharge is per second. Its capacity is . Normal storage is . It drains an area of .
The dam was reconstructed on 1984.
The lake supports a coldwater fishery. There are wild lake trout. At also has rainbow trout (wild and stocked), brook trout (stocked), rainbow smelt, yellow perch, smallmouth bass, chain pickerel, longnose sucker, white sucker, various species of minnow and probably others uncataloged.

</doc>
<doc id="20493292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493292" title="List of universities in Bhutan">
List of universities in Bhutan

This is a list of universities in Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="20493296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493296" title="Pine Grove Hills">
Pine Grove Hills

The Pine Grove Hills are a mountain range in Lyon County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20493323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493323" title="List of Georgia state symbols">
List of Georgia state symbols

This is a list of state symbols for the U.S. state of Georgia

</doc>
<doc id="20493326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493326" title="Pinto Peak Range">
Pinto Peak Range

The Pinto Peak Range is a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20493336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493336" title="Steve Mackall">
Steve Mackall

Stephen "Steve" Mackall (born December 9, 1959) is a Canadian-American voice-over announcer, voice actor, and screenwriter, known as the voice of NBC's Must See TV", and for being the voice of the lead character of Marsupilami in both the Disney animated television series "Raw Toonage" (1992) and "Marsupilami" (1993).
Background.
Mackall graduated from Padua Franciscan High School and Ohio University. After having won a trip to Los Angeles as first prize in a 1986 HBO comedy contest in Washington D.C., he decided to leave Washington and live in Los Angeles, working as a copywriter while pursuing his comedy career. He began doing voice-over work in commercials in 1989. Representative samples of his commercial work include being the voice of the cereal box for General Mills' 1993 Fingos promotion campaign, and products and companies including CompUSA and Fruit Loops, as well as being voice-over announcer for NBC, The WB, and Fox Kids Network.
He is also recognised as the voice of 'Hyperman' in the Adventures of Hyperman CD Rom Game released in 1995 which was followed by the Hyperion Animation/CBS Television Series, "The Adventures of Hyperman", that aired from November 4, 1995 to August 10, 1996.
Recognition.
"Los Angeles Times" wites that "Mackall is one of a small group of Hollywood artists who have achieved a faceless fame..." "...probably best known as the voice of NBC's Must See TV", and "Cleveland Plain Dealer" wrote that he was "valued as an artist who can improvise voices for anything from animals to inanimate objects."
Of Mackall's one man show, "Wherever I Go, There we Are". "LA Weekly" wrote that his "wealth of experience as a voiceover artist and comedy scribe manifests itself in his artfully layered, near flawlessly timed and often funny solo act." They noted that his personal enthusiasm connected with the ausience in a manner that reminded of Will Rogers. In their review, "Backstage West" wrote that when recounting the nine stories which made up his performance, "Mackall is a strong performer" whose "speaking ability commands the attention and carries the audience through captivating and well-detailed portraits of near-otherworldly scapes."

</doc>
<doc id="20493353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493353" title="Pintwater Range">
Pintwater Range

The Pintwater Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20493364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493364" title="Pioche Hills">
Pioche Hills

The Pioche Hills are a mountain range in Lincoln County, Nevada. 
The historic Pioche silver mining district is centered in the Pioche Hills and extends into the adjacent Bristol and Highland Ranges to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="20493368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493368" title="Ranch1">
Ranch1

Ranch1 is a chain specializing in grilled, marinated chicken breast sandwich restaurants, which is franchised by Kahala Franchising, L.L.C. of Scottsdale, Arizona. The chain was founded in New York City, New York in 1990. Through the years, Ranch 1 has opened a total of over 100 stores, of which over 30 were active in 2009. Most stores are in the United States. In addition there are several locations in Kuwait.
The first Ranch1 opened in 1990 in New York City on Broadway adjacent to the Ed Sullivan Theater. The flagship location closed in 2008.
Mafia Connections.
In 2001, Ranch 1 co-owner and vice-chairman James Chickara and Sebastian Rametta, another executive at the company, pleaded guilty to stock fraud in connection with the Colombo mafia crime family. Chickara was reportedly caught on tape by the FBI admitting that he used donations to Abraham Fruchthandler of the Mesivta Yeshiva Rabbi Chaim Berlin orthodox Jewish university to launder money used to pay brokers. These brokers allegedly hyped the stock of the New York City-based food retailer Manhattan Soup Man, modeled on "The Soup Nazi" character from the TV sitcom Seinfeld.

</doc>
<doc id="20493369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493369" title="Nikon F-601M">
Nikon F-601M

The Nikon F-601m is a manual focus, autoexposure, auto film loading and advancing 35 mm SLR camera manufactured by the Nikon Corporation and released in 1990. It was sold in USA as the N6000.
The F-601m is a simplified version of the F-601, with no autofocus capability and no built-in flash.

</doc>
<doc id="20493372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493372" title="Poker Brown Mountains">
Poker Brown Mountains

The Poker Brown Mountains are a mountain range in Pershing County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20493374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493374" title="Mitch Garber">
Mitch Garber

Mitch Garber is a Canadian born business executive 
Professional Career.
Mitch Garber is the CEO of Caesars Acquisition Company, a Caesars Nasdaq (CACQ) spinoff which controls Caesars Interactive Entertainment, Planet Hollywood, Bally's Las Vegas, The Cromwell Las Vegas, The Quad Las Vegas, Harrah's New Orleans, and the future Horseshoe casino in Baltimore, as well as a portfolio of Bonds, and a pipeline of future Caesars development projects. He is also CEO of Caesars Interactive Entertainment (CIE), a subsidiary of Caesars Entertainment Corporation. CIE owns the World Series of Poker and the rights to all interactive businesses worldwide for the Caesars casino brands which include Harrah's, Caesars Palace, WSOP, and others. In 2011 he led the acquisition of Israel-based Playtika which along with Buffalo Studios, acquired in 2012, operate several of the world's top grossing game applications on social networks including Facebook, and all mobile devices and tablets. In August 2013, Caesars Interactive was ranked #1 in the Social Casino Intelligence Power 25 as the most powerful company in its field. 
From 2006-2008 Garber was CEO of London Stock Exchange listed online entertainment and gaming leader PartyGaming Plc. As CEO, Garber is credited with successfully diversifying the company's business through a series of mergers and acquisitions, and new product development, mainly following the passage of the Unlawful Internet Gaming Enforcement Act (UIGEA) in the United States. Garber left Partygaming in May 2008.
He was CEO of Optimal Payments Inc, (Nasdaq) from 2003-2006, and held senior executive positions at Terra Payments Inc. (Toronto Stock Exchange) from 1999-2003.
He was a practicing attorney from 1990-1999 specializing in gaming law. During that time he was also a television and radio sportscaster in Montreal.
Education and other credits.
He holds a Bachelors Degree in Industrial Relations from McGill University (1986) and a Law Degree from the University of Ottawa (1989).
In 2009, he was named one of the 10 most influential people in the gaming industry by Global Gaming Business magazine. He has spoken on gaming and the internet in the British House of Lords, and has given expert testimony in the Canadian Senate, assisting in the shaping of gaming policy in Canada.
Philanthropy.
Mitch Garber and his wife Anne-Marie Boucher are very active in philanthropy, focusing on education, healthcare, water, and scientific research. Among their charitable commitments, Mr. Garber;

</doc>
<doc id="20493376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493376" title="Australian Superkart Championship">
Australian Superkart Championship

The Australian Superkart Championship is a motor racing series run in Australia under the auspices of CAMS under their Superkart regulations. The karts race on full-size Australian circuits and in 2013 the series was raced at Sydney Motorsport Park and Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit. As of 2007 the series has raced as part of the Shannons Nationals Motor Racing Championships. The series is one of nine that enjoy full CAMS Australian Championship status.
National titles have also been run by other sanctioning organisations over the years as one-off events.
Classes.
Presently three different classes of Superkart compete in the Australian championship: 250 International (for two cylinder 250cc engines), 250 National (for single cylinder 250cc engines), 125 Gearbox (for 125cc engines). Rotax max family of classes no longer compete for Australian championship status but have a single event non-gearbox Nationals with three classes: Rotax Light and Rotax Heavy, both weight based categories and Rotax Junior for drivers of the ages 12-16, and they run their Rotax 125cc engines without a power valve, reducing the power output of the class relative to Rotax Light and Rotax Heavy. While all classes compete for a national title, because of regulations in 2008 only the winners of the 250 International class has consistenty been able to claim Australian Champion. Prior to the widespread popularity of Rotax Max the non-gearbox classes were 100cc engine capacity. Previously there was also a fourth gearbox class for 80cc engines Superkarts but numbers have dwindled in recent times to the point that 80cc class has been folded into 125cc class at national level and today only survives in limited numbers at state level.
Champions.
The most successful driver in Superkart racing is Warren McIlveen who has won eight titles, seven of them in the top class, 250 International. The most successful cross-class driver has been Brian Stockman who has won six titles across three classes. Jason McIntyre, Luke May and Jeff Reed are the only drivers to have won both Gearbox and non-Gearbox titles. Both the non-gearbox classes 100cc and Rotax Max have both used Light, Heavy and Junior classes to further sub-divide their numbers on occasion. They are indicate L: Light, H: Heavy and J: Junior.
Due partially to falling numbers not all have been recognised as Australian Champions, some only as national series winners. For example in 2009 only the 250 International class was recognised with the status of Australian champion. Numbers have since rebounded.
Attempts to run a Rotax Max title since 2009 had collapsed on multiple occasions but a replacement event no longer considered an Australian Championship was run in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20493389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493389" title="Augustus Nathaniel Lushington">
Augustus Nathaniel Lushington

August Nathaniel Lushington, (born August 1, 1869 - 1939), became the first African American to earn Doctor of Veterinary Medicine (D.V.M) at the University of Pennsylvania in 1897. He practiced about two years in Philadelphia and worked as an instructor in Veterinary Sanitation and Hygiene at Bell Mead Industrial and Agricultural College at Rock Castle, West Virginia. Later, he practiced for much of his career life in very segregated Lynchburg, Virginia, where he experienced unfair treatment, but he finally earned a reputation as a superior practitioner in the community. He had memberships in the Statistical reporter to the Bureau of Animal Industry, Federal Department Agriculture, and the Lychburg Chamber of Commerce.
Childhood.
Augustus Nathaniel Lushington was born August 1, 1869 in the south Caribbean on the island of Trinidad. As a young child, his paternal grandfather from DR Congo was brought to Trinidad as a slave to work at the sugar plantation on the island. Lushingston's father, William, worked as a butcher, who raised produce for sale at market and did farm work.
Jobs and early education.
Augustus went to teacher-training school and worked at Trinidadian classrooms for several years and was promoted to the rank of principal. However, he left for Venezuela, where he worked as a clerk in the town of La Guayra for a British-owned railroad. After three years, Lushington went back to Trinidad but found that opportunities were insufficient in the island, which were already crowded with successive waves of Indian and Chinese immigrants. Finally, in 1889, he left Trinidad again for the United States, seeking for broad and various labor markets. He landed in New York, where he set off for Binghamton, New York. In 1890, he met his wife, Elizabeth Gavino Hubert.
College education.
His college education started when he married his wife Elizabeth Hubert from Antigua. Her west Indian friends helped Augustus enroll in Cornell University to study Agriculture. He graduated with a degree in Agriculture in 1894.
Since there was no work for him at the time he left the West Indies and left for another education. He started another education at the University of Pennsylvania veterinary school. Finished the program in three years. When he graduated he was the only African American to graduate from the University of Pennsylvania. When students walk into the University of Pennsylvania, the first thing they see is a portrait of Lushington. Lusington's portrait hangs at the main entrance of the main building.
Job after college.
Augustus began his career of being a veterinarian treating farm animals. He did most of his work out of Lynchburg, Virginia, where he would walk miles to treat sick animals in farm country. Lushington set up a veterinary practice in Philadelphia but remained there for only two years. Lushington seems to have been drawn southward, despite the worsening racial climate in the southern states, by a teaching job in veterinary sanitation at Bell Mead Industrial and Agricultural College in Rock Castle, Virginia.
Deciding to return to his veterinary practice, he realized that south-central Virginia offered, from a veterinarian's point of view, an ideal environment, with large numbers of livestock grazing on the area's rolling hills. Finding that there was only one other veterinarian in Lynchburg, Lushington opened his practice there. Since there were not many pets at the time he decided to treat farm animals. The farms were important because at this time, most veterinarians treated large animals. House pets existed, but in a far less wealthy era when gourmet cat food was unknown, most people could not afford to spend large amounts of money on their ailments. Lushington treated cows, horses, and other livestock, often walking for miles through the woods from Lynchburg to reach the farms where his services were needed. His philosophy, according to Arthur Bunyan Caldwell's History of the American Negro: Virginia Edition, was that "the first essential to progress is a better understanding between the best elements of the two races. This, he believes, would lead to closer and more harmonious relationships; mutual confidence would grow, and both races would gain as all advanced toward better citizen-ship." In Virginia, however, Lushington experienced neither harmonious relationships nor good citizenship. White farmers often availed themselves of his services but then refused to pay him—and in the repressive atmosphere of the South in the early 1900s, Lushington had neither the option of taking legal action nor even the practical right to refuse services to deadbeats.
Additional jobs.
Since the pay was little for a veterinarian and White people refused to pay him, he decided to take on other responsibilities. He decided he would also become a meat inspector and a Probation Officer on weekends.
Personal life.
He and his wife had three daughters. One daughter, Drucilla Moultrie, taught in Lynchburg schools for about fifty years. Another daughter, Bernetta Parks, worked for Bennett College in Greensboro, North Carolina. The third daughter is not mentioned enough to find her records.

</doc>
<doc id="20493416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493416" title="Daruma uta">
Daruma uta

, lit. "a nonsense poem" – a pejorative term for Zen poetry. It seems that this term was coined in connection with the Zen kōan's that seemed like unintelligible riddles to ordinary people and other Buddhist schools. 
This term was used by conservative waka poets to refer to the innovative style of Fujiwara no Teika (1162–1241), the compiler of the "Hyakunin Isshu" and "Shin Kokin Wakashū", notwithstanding the fact that Teika himself had never been a Zen practitioner.
Daruma uta is not the same as the shakkyōka, which stands for Japanese Buddhist poetry in a general sense.

</doc>
<doc id="20493452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493452" title="Ranger Mountains">
Ranger Mountains

The Ranger Mountains are a mountain range in Clark County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20493466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493466" title="Riverfront Park (Spokane, Washington)">
Riverfront Park (Spokane, Washington)

Riverfront Park is a public park in downtown Spokane, Washington. The 100 acre park is located along the Spokane River containing the upper Spokane Falls and just upstream from the lower falls. It was created for Expo '74, a World's Fair event. The defining feature of the park is the Pavilion, which is marked by a metal frame and wire shell that formed the US Pavilion tent during Expo '74. The park is well known for the Riverfront Park Carousel, as well as an IMAX theatre, clock tower, skyride over the falls, a small amusement park for kids, a skating rink during the winter months (home to the Gonzaga Bulldogs special hockey team), and the Spokane River Centennial Trail which passes through it.
Festivals and Events.
Riverfront Park plays host to numerous events including the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20493468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493468" title="Rawhide Hills">
Rawhide Hills

The Rawhide Hills are a mountain range in Mineral County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20493491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493491" title="Reveille Range">
Reveille Range

The Reveille Range is the Nye County, Nevada mountain range that is the location of the Reveille Range volcanic field. The highest point is Reveille Peak in the southern part of the range with an elevation of .
The range is approximately long and in width and is oriented approximately north south. The Railroad Valley lies to the east and the Reveille Valley to the west. Immediately to the north northeast lies the Pancake Range and the Lunar Crater National Natural Landmark. The community of Warm Springs and U.S. Route 6 are seven miles west of the north end of the range. Nevada State Route 375, the "Extraterrestrial Highway", runs east from Warm Springs through the divide between the Reveilles and the Pancake Range and then south into Railroad Valley past the east side of the range. West of the Reveille Valley lies the Kawich Range and to the east across Railroad Valley lies the Quinn Canyon Range. The restricted Nellis Air Force Range lies to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20493498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493498" title="The Main Event (video)">
The Main Event (video)

The Main Event is a video, released in 1999, of a tour The Main Event Tour by singers Olivia Newton-John, John Farnham and Anthony Warlow.

</doc>
<doc id="20493501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493501" title="Liechtensteiner Footballer of the Year">
Liechtensteiner Footballer of the Year

The Liechtensteiner Footballer of the Year is an award granted every season to a Liechtensteiner footballer. It is awarded by the country's "Liechtensteiner Vaterland" newspaper, and was first awarded in 1981. In 2008, Gaspar Odirlei became the first non-Liechtensteiner to win the award.

</doc>
<doc id="20493503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493503" title="River Mountains">
River Mountains

The River Mountains are a mountain range in Clark County, Nevada that demarcate the Las Vegas Watershed from the Lake Mead Watershed.

</doc>
<doc id="20493517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493517" title="Royston Hills">
Royston Hills

The Royston Hills are a mountain range in Nye County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20493531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493531" title="John Maher (Buzzcocks drummer)">
John Maher (Buzzcocks drummer)

John Maher (born 21 April 1960) is a British former musician who was part of the punk and new wave scenes in Manchester, England, most notably as the drummer with Buzzcocks. Since retiring from the music industry he developed an interest in car drag racing, racing VW Beetles as part of the VWDRC.
This led him to develop a successful business building performance engines, John Maher Racing. His engines and transmissions are widely regarded as being amongst the best built in the UK combining power with reliability, a point reinforced by his racing success. The level of demand for his products has allowed Maher to relocate from Manchester to the Isle of Harris in Scotland.
Maher's father was from Ireland. In 1976, still a 16 year old schoolboy from St. Bede's College, Whalley Range, Manchester, he joined punk band Buzzcocks, then led by Howard Devoto, who was the lead vocalist. After the first Buzzcocks dissolving in 1981, he collaborated with Pauline Murray of The Invisible Girls, and formed along with Steve Diggle (also of Buzzcocks) a band called Flag of Convenience, in 1982, but he quit shortly afterwards. In 1981, he was drumming in Wah!
After reuniting with Buzzcocks in 1989, he retired from music in 1992 after a tour, and returned to his Volkswagen business in Chorlton-cum-Hardy, in the south of Manchester. In 1999, Maher's workshop was featured in the Channel 5 programme "Stars & Cars". This featured footage of his former incarnation as a drummer, a tour of his workshop, and interviews. In 2010 he appeared on the BBC Alba motoring programme "Air an Rathad". The interview features footage inside his workshop on the Isle of Harris, a brief interview and a drive in one of his customers' VW Beetle.
In May 2012, John briefly stepped out of musical retirement to rejoin Buzzcocks for two one-off shows, his first public appearance behind a drum kit in 20 years. The concerts took place at Manchester Apollo and London's Brixton Academy. Howard Devoto, the band's original vocalist also joined the band on stage for five songs - all four tracks from their debut EP, 'Spiral Scratch', plus a cover version of The Troggs 'Can't Control Myself'. John spoke about his brief return to the stage in an interview with online fanzine "Mudkiss". Another interview with John appears in the first issue of "The Drummers Journal".

</doc>
<doc id="20493534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493534" title="Big Island Lake Wilderness">
Big Island Lake Wilderness

Big Island Lake Wilderness is a remote protected area in the Munising Ranger District of the Hiawatha National Forest in the Upper Peninsula in the state of Michigan in the United States. The wilderness area is located about one-half mile (0.8 km) northwest of the community of Steuben and northwest of Manistique and about southeast of Munising in Schoolcraft County. The area is roughly bordered by County Road 437 on the south and County Road 445 on the west. The northeast boundary is Forest Road 2303 and the southern boundary is the abandoned railroad grade—Haywire Grade - Forest Road 8109.

</doc>
<doc id="20493548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493548" title="Cameron McCasland">
Cameron McCasland

Cameron McCasland (born August 24, 1981 in Dallas, Texas, US) is a Regional Emmy Nominated American film maker.
Career.
In 2007 McCasland directed a video for Quiet Company's music video, "Fashionable" from the album Shine honesty released by Northern Records. It is currently playing on demand at Mtv.ca after making the rounds on the festival circuit. It won best music video honors at the Crossroads Film Festival in Jackson, Mississippi, and Fearless Film Festival in Fort Worth, Texas, as well as taking the Silver Remi at the WorldFest Houston International Film Festival in Houston, Texas.
In 2008 McCasland was nominated for a Regional Emmy in advanced media writing for "Trash Day of the Dead" which he wrote and directed for the '"Go Green With Dr. Gangrene" campaign.
McCasland did a series of "Go Green" shorts, which garnered several national awards, and which received citations from Tennessee Governor Phil Bredesen, and the Nashville City Council. McCasland became the first recipient of the Vasaria Public Service Award at the Rondo Hatton Classic Horror Awards alongside Chiller Cinema.
McCasland has directed multiple episodes of Dr. Gangrene's Creature Feature which airs on Nashville's CW affiliate, WNAB. He has worked with Larry Underwood (who portrays Doctor Gangrene), as an actor on the show as well as appearing as himself on the half-hour show "Chiller Cinema" (the show changed titles when it moved to a two-hour format). He has provided movie reviews and articles to the show's website, which also won a Rondo Award at The Rondo Hatton Classic Horror Awards in 2005.
In 2009 McCasland directed the debut music video for the Numerics song "Precious Time", which received the Golden Hermes award.
Personal life.
While in Nashville he met Jessica Evans, whom he married in his hometown of Edgewood, Texas on Flag Day, June 14, 2003. Their daughter, Marie McCasland, was born in December 2004. Their second daughter Roxie McCasland was born only hours after McCasland returned home from the 2008 CMT Music Awards in April 2008. They separated in September 2011, and finalized their divorce in July 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="20493571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493571" title="Live! Coast to Coast">
Live! Coast to Coast

Live! Coast to Coast was the first live album and fourth overall album by R&B crooner Teddy Pendergrass. It was recorded in Philadelphia in 1978 and Los Angeles in 1979. It did rather well on the Billboard album charts, reaching #33 Pop and #5 R&B.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="20493624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493624" title="Salmon River Range">
Salmon River Range

The Salmon River Range is a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada. The range is considered to be a sub-range of the Jarbidge Mountains. 

</doc>
<doc id="20493637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493637" title="San Antonio Mountains">
San Antonio Mountains

The San Antonio Mountains are a mountain range in Nye County, Nevada, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="20493648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493648" title="Sandy Park">
Sandy Park

Sandy Park is a rugby union stadium in Exeter, England. It is the home ground of Exeter Chiefs who from the 2010/11 season have been playing in the Aviva Premiership, the top flight of the English rugby union league system. The club relocated there from their former stadium at the County Ground in 2006. The stadium can hold 10,744 spectators and is located adjacent M5 junction 30 which is around 5 miles from Exeter City Centre. There are plans to expand the stadium's capacity to 20,600 if Exeter establish themselves as a top-flight side.
Sandy Park is 1 of 13 venues that will stage the 2015 Rugby World Cup. The ground will host 3 pool matches including teams from Pool C and D. The games scheduled to be played at Sandy Park are Tonga vs Africa 1 Qualifier, Africa 1 Qualifier vs Europe 1 Qualifier and Italy vs Europe 2 Qualifier. 
Sandy Park played also host to the England Saxons vs Ireland Wolfhounds on 28 January 2012, The England Saxons won 23-17. 
Expansion.
The club announced a 5 year plan to redevelop the ground to hold 20,600 in late summer of 2012, which will be carried out in phases, starting with the existing west stand to provide a much larger bar area and extended the grandstand the full length of the pitch (in place of the existing temporary seating). This will enable the club to have income from bars, restaurants and conference facilities. The second phase (subject to finance) will involve building a large conference centre to the south and then extending the main grandstand around the corner and along the south end of the ground. The proposed stands behind each of the goal posts will be much larger than the existing main grandstand, but the proposed east stand will be similar in size to the main stand, due to its proximity adjacent the M5 motorway restricting its size.
By the time the 2015 World Cup starts the capacity of Sandy Park will be at 12,300. 

</doc>
<doc id="20493655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493655" title="Sahwave Mountains">
Sahwave Mountains

The Sahwave Mountains are a mountain range in Pershing County, Nevada. The Sahwaves are a north – south trending range typical of the Basin and Range province. 
The Sahwaves are located in southwest Pershing County with the southernmost foothills extending into Churchill County. The range is approximately in length with a width of about . The highest peak is Juniper Mountain with a peak elevation of . Surrounding valleys range in elevation from in the Sage Spring Valley to the west to in the Kumiva Valley to the north to in Blue Wing Flat to the east. 
Surrounding ranges include the closely associated Nightingales to the west, the Truckees to the southeast, the Trinities to the southeast with Lovelock on the Humboldt River beyond. To the northeast are the Selenite Range and the small Blue Wing Mountains are directly north across the narrow Juniper Pass. Further to the northeast lie the Seven Troughs Range.

</doc>
<doc id="20493657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493657" title="Harmony Borax Works">
Harmony Borax Works

The Harmony Borax Works is located in Death Valley at Furnace Creek Springs, then called Greenland. It is now located within Death Valley National Park in Inyo County, California. It is on the National Register of Historic Places.
Origin and Twenty-mule teams.
After discovery of Borax deposits here by Aaron and Rosie Winters in 1881, business associates William Tell Coleman and Francis Marion Smith subsequently obtained claims to these deposits, opening the way for "large-scale" borax mining in Death Valley. The Harmony operation became famous through the use, from 1883 to 1889, of large Twenty-mule teams and double wagons which hauled borax the long overland route to the closest railroad in Mojave, California. 
During the summer months, when it was too hot to crystallize borax in Death Valley, a smaller borax mining operation shifted to his Amargosa Borax Plant in Amargosa, near the present community of Tecopa, California. The Harmony Works remained under Coleman's operation until 1888, when his business collapsed.
Frank M. "Borax" Smith.
William Coleman's original holdings in the works were subsequently acquired by Frank M. "Borax" Smith in 1890, to become the Pacific Coast Borax Company with the 20 Mule Team Borax brand. Activity at Harmony Borax Works ceased with the development of the richer Colemanite borax deposits at Borate in the Calico Mountains, where they continued until 1907.
The Harmony Borax Works was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 31, 1974. They are part of the National Park Service historical site preservation program in Death Valley National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20493667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493667" title="Sand Hills (Nevada)">
Sand Hills (Nevada)

The Sand Hills are a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20493673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493673" title="Furupagha tribe">
Furupagha tribe

The Furupagha tribe is a small Ijaw tribe that lives along the Siluko River in southwestern Edo State, Nigeria. The town of Zide is the traditional clan seat.<br>
The Furupagha trace their origins to the Bassan village of Furupagha in the central Niger Delta.

</doc>
<doc id="20493682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493682" title="Sand Range">
Sand Range

The Sand Range is a mountain range in Washoe County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20493693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493693" title="Frontier Force">
Frontier Force

Frontier Force usually means any of a Paramilitary type border security or border guard, it can mean any of the following:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="20493698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493698" title="Gerald William Barrax">
Gerald William Barrax

Gerald W. Barrax is a poet and educator. Bridging the poetic radicalism and experimentalism of the 1960s to the lyrical and confessional modes of the 1980s, the poetry of Gerald William Barrax draws on the life of the poet as well as the state of African American experience for its intimate power. Whether relating the details of his life with wife and children or questioning the roles of African American leaders, Barrax's poetry continually invokes anxieties concerning responsibility and participation in contemporary American life. 
His poems appear in numerous anthologies and journals. He has been recognized by several prestigious awards, including the Raleigh Medal of Arts for "Extraordinary Achievement in the Arts" in 1993, the Sam Regan Award for contribution to the fine arts in North Carolina in 1991, and the 1983 Callaloo Creative Writing Award for Nonfiction Prose. In his role as a Professor of English in creative writing at North Carolina State University, Barrax strove to communicate integrity for the craft of poetry writing and passion for reading the best models of poetry.
Barrax's poetry enacts the contradictory and complex discourses motivating the tradition-bound and tradition-breaking impulses of contemporary African American poetry. 
Biography.
Early life.
Barrax was born in Attalla, Alabama, on 21 June 1933. Barrax spent his early years in the rural South and moved with his family to Pittsburgh in 1944. Barrax completed his primary and secondary education. He began to write poetry when he was 18. Later, he completed a bachelor's degree at Duquesne University. Upon receipt of a master's degree in English from the University of Pittsburgh in 1969, Barrax moved to North Carolina, where he studied and joined the faculty of North Carolina State University in Raleigh.
Works.
Barrax has published these books of poetry:
References.
Rowell, H(2001). "The Southern Cross", Callaloo 
Pettis, Joyce (1997). "An Interview with Gerald Barrax"
Barnes&Noble, Booksearch

</doc>
<doc id="20493699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493699" title="Santa Renia Mountains">
Santa Renia Mountains

The Santa Renia Mountains are a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20493700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493700" title="Al-Mutairi">
Al-Mutairi

The Almutairi is a powerful family in Kuwait. It has its strongest base in the fourth district and fifth electoral districts, with an estimated 16,000 to 17,000 voters. Of the current fifty elected members of the Kuwait National Assembly, six belong to the Al-Mutairi tribe. These include Daifallah Bouramiya, Hussein Quwaian Al-Mutairi, Mohammed Hayef AlـMutairi, Mubarak Al-Mutairi, Musallam AlـBarrak, and Rija Hujailan Al-Mutairi.

</doc>
<doc id="20493704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493704" title="Children's World">
Children's World

Children's World can refer to any of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20493711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493711" title="Dakota County Library">
Dakota County Library

The Dakota County Library system is a regional public library system in Dakota County, Minnesota, headquartered in the Wescott Library in Eagan. The system includes 9 branch libraries and shares borrowing privileges with the City of South St. Paul public library. It is a member of MELSA (the Metropolitan Library Service Association), a consortium of eight Minnesota library systems.
History of the Dakota County Library System.
Early history.
The Dakota County Library System as it exists today is a combination of several smaller library systems. The earliest of these were the Farmington, Minnesota library, established in 1871 and the Hastings, Minnesota library, established in 1873. Both were established as subscription libraries, and were relatively short-lived projects, although they paved the way for municipally funded libraries in the early 20th century . The City of South St. Paul, Minnesota Library was established in 1916. It initially received a $10,000 grant from the Carnegie Foundation, but development of the library was halted due to the outbreak of World War I. In 1926, the library received municipal bond funding in the amount of $25,000 for the establishment of a library building, which opened in August 1927, as the first public library in Dakota County.
Era of growth.
Bolstered by the post-World War II influx to suburban areas as well as the passage of the 1956 Congressional Library Services Act, libraries in Dakota County were ready to expand. To maximize resources, the county entered into a partnership with its neighbor to the west, Scott County and in 1959, the Dakota-Scott Regional Library System was formed. Originally operated out of 2 classrooms in a Savage elementary school with 9 people on staff, the system quickly expanded, with the Farmington and Hastings libraries joining by the end of the year. Bu 1968, the system had opened a new library in Hastings, acquired a 6,000 book capacity bookmobile, purchased land off of County Road 42 in Burnsville, Minnesota for a new branch location and was using a storefront location in Burnsville as a temporary library to help alleviate demand on the other outlets. 
However, throughout this time, Dakota and Scott County had been growing apart from one another - both in terms of population growth and in their vision for the library's future. As a result, the assets of the collection were divided proportionately to county population and by December 31, 1968, the two-county system was dissolved.
Creation of the Dakota County Library System.
The Dakota County Library System was born on January 1, 1969. The early years were a time of cooperation and technological change. The system joined MELSA (The Metropolitan Library Service Association) in 1970 and entered into a reciprocal borrowing agreement with the City of South St. Paul library in 1975.
In 1971, the library made available for check out the first computer-created book catalog in Minnesota. Technological innovations continued with the opening of the Burnhaven library in 1974, which included record and cassette listening terminals. 
By the beginning of the 1980s, the Dakota County Library System had over 200,000 books and 175,000 patrons, and was entering a period of steady growth. 1981 saw the opening of the Wescott Library in Eagan, Minnesota, which has housed the system's administrative headquarters since its opening. Wescott was followed by the Galaxie Library in Apple Valley in 1990 and the Wentworth Library in West St. Paul in 1992. The Pleasant Hill Library in Hastings was built after a 1993 fire in the previous building caused 1 million USD in damage - including the destruction of an estimated 73,000 books. In 1995, a new "special service library" was opened in Farmington. Inver Glen Library in Inver Grove Heights and the Heritage Library in Lakeville both opened in 2000. The 9th library branch in Rosemount, Minnesota is the Robert Trail Library, which is housed in a facility and had approximately 45,000 volumes in its collection at its opening.
Dakota County Library today.
Dakota County Library branches.
The Dakota County Library System is made up of 9 branch locations, the 9th branch recently opened in Rosemount, Minnesota in early 2009. Bookmobile service was discontinued in December 2010. The administrative headquarters are located in Eagan, Minnesota. 
Branch locations include 
Law library services are provided at the Apple Valley and Hastings libraries 
System profile.
"Note - the Hennepin County and Minneapolis Public Library systems have merged into a unified system since these statistics were recorded "

</doc>
<doc id="20493720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493720" title="Seaman Range">
Seaman Range

The Seaman Range is a 30-mile (48 km) long mountain range in Lincoln and Nye Counties, Nevada, USA.
The range lies at the south perimeter of the large north-trending White River Valley, along with Coal Valley to its west. The eastern side of the mountain range forces the south-flowing White River to course southeast, south, and then south-southwesterly, towards Hiko and the Key Pittman Wildlife Management Area.
The central-south of the range is anchored by the Timber Mountain massif and on its southeast creates the White River Narrows. The Weepah Spring Wilderness is located at Timber Mountain.
Description.
The range is made of two trending sections; the north section trends from Timber Mountain, about 10 mi due northwest, at the south of White River Valley. The massif of Timber Mountain at anchors the range center. The entire south section, about 20 mi long trends south-southwesterly. Coincidentally, for this region, the following ranges, valleys, and rivercourses show this parallelism trend, part of the Basin and Range: the list from west to east are: Golden Gate Range, Coal Valley, Seaman Range, section of the White River, Delamar Valley and Dry Lake Valley, Burnt Springs Range, Delamar Mountains, and in the east, section of Meadow Valley Wash.
Access.
Utah State Route 318 traverses the southeast, east, and part of the northeast of the range. It follows the course of the White River, from Hiko and Crystal Springs, about 20 miles south of Timber Mountain. Utah Route 318 continues north into the east side of White River Valley, reaching Lund, about 50 mi distant.
Unimproved dirt road Seaman Wash Road at the southwest range perimeter, accesses the center-south of Coal Valley, and the Coal Valley Reservoir, at dissected land or saltflats. Other unimproved roads from eastern Coal Valley or Seaman Wash Road access the west, southwest, and northwest of the range.

</doc>
<doc id="20493738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493738" title="Patrick McGuinn">
Patrick McGuinn

Patrick McGuinn (born: Los Angeles, October 19, 1966) is an independent filmmaker and musician, currently residing in New York City. A graduate of NYU Tisch School of the Arts, McGuinn directs and produces films that reflect a queer sensibility and have been shown at various film festivals including Outfest. Patrick is also the son of legendary rock musician, Roger McGuinn.

</doc>
<doc id="20493759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493759" title="Sentinel Hills">
Sentinel Hills

The Sentinel Hills are a mountain range in Humboldt County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20493770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493770" title="Sheep Creek Range">
Sheep Creek Range

The Sheep Creek Range is a mountain range in Lander County, Nevada northeast of Battle Mountain. It is the site of a doppler radar station.

</doc>
<doc id="20493792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493792" title="Alibi (1931 film)">
Alibi (1931 film)

Alibi (1931) is a British mystery detective film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Austin Trevor, Franklin Dyall, and Elizabeth Allen. 
The film was adapted from the 1928 play "Alibi" by Michael Morton which was in turn based on the Agatha Christie novel "The Murder of Roger Ackroyd" featuring her famous Belgian detective Hercule Poirot.
Austin Trevor once claimed he was cast as Poirot because he could speak with a French accent. It was the first of three Poirot adaptations made by Twickenham Film Studios in the 1930s, followed by "Black Coffee" the same year, and "Lord Edgware Dies" in 1934, all starring Trevor as Poirot. He later starred in "The Alphabet Murders", a 1965 Christie film, playing a minor role.

</doc>
<doc id="20493815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493815" title="Sheephead Mountains">
Sheephead Mountains

The Sheephead Mountains are a mountain range in Pershing County, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="20493848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493848" title="Cichlasoma bimaculatum">
Cichlasoma bimaculatum

Cichlasoma bimaculatum is an omnivorous, freshwater, tropical fish commonly referred to as the Black Acara or two-spot cichlid. It was also identified as Aequidens portalegrensis in 1965 and 1970. It is most frequently classified in the Cichlidae (Cichlid) family and subfamily of Cichlasomatinae. It is found in freshwater canals and swamps, with a natural region spanning from the Amazon River to northeastern and northern South America. Since the 1960s it has been identified in the Gulf of Mexico ecosystem in several counties of Florida as far north as Jacksonville.

</doc>
<doc id="20493887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493887" title="Majia, Pingtung">
Majia, Pingtung

Majia Township () is a rural township in Pingtung County, Taiwan. The area is known as Makazayazaya (瑪家雑牙雑牙社) in the Paiwan language, and the Taiwanese mountain pitviper "Ovophis monticola makazayazaya" is named after it.

</doc>
<doc id="20493889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493889" title="Majia">
Majia

Majia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20493893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493893" title="Popular Action Bloc">
Popular Action Bloc

The Popular Action Bloc (Arabic: كتلة العمل الشعبي)is a political bloc in Kuwait headed by veteran former Speaker Ahmed Al-Sadoun. The group focuses on populist issues like housing, salary raises, and reform. Of the fifty elected members of Kuwait National Assembly 2012, five belong to the Popular Action Bloc: Musallam Al-Barrak, Mohammad Al Khalifa, Khaled Tahous, Ali Al Deghbasi, and party leader Ahmed Al-Sadoun. Adding to them four other MPs who are not officially members of the Bloc.
Expulsion of Shiite MPs.
On 19 February 2008, the Popular Action Bloc expelled Shiite MPs Ahmed Lari and Adnan Zahid Abdulsamad for taking part in a ceremony eulogizing Hezbollah's slain top commander, Imad Mughniyeh. The ceremony's description of the fugitive Lebanese militant – killed in a 12 February car bombing in Syria – as a hero sparked public outrage in a country that holds him responsible for hijacking a Kuwait Airways flight and killing two of its Kuwaiti passengers 20 years ago. The two lawmakers were only expelled from their bloc and remained in the legislature. After the expulsions of the two, the seven member bloc was down to five members.

</doc>
<doc id="20493933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493933" title="Danijel Stojanović">
Danijel Stojanović

Danijel Stojanović (born 18 August 1984 in Našice, SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian footballer currently playing for HŠK Zrinjski Mostar. His main position is playing as a left back, although he can even play in a more advanced left wing back role.
Club career.
Danijel began his professional football career at the youth team of Croatian First Division side HNK Cibalia, where he played for two years under a youth contract. In 2005, he earned his first professional contract with now defunct Croatian side NK Posušje. In the three years he spent at the club, for the most time he was the first choice left back and made 55 appearances and scored five goals. 
These performances merited a move to the ambitious Bosnian side HŠK Zrinjski Mostar in 2008. He was immediately a starter for the club. In the title winning season of 2008/09, Danijel made 29 appearances and scored six goals while in the previous season, due to injuries he managed only 17 league appearances. 
At the end of the 2009/10 season, Stojanovic's contract with Zrinjski came to an end and so he decided to continue his career in Portugal, signing as a free agent on a two year deal with C.D. Nacional. Stojanović became only the second HŠK Zrinjski Mostar player to move to Portugal, after Lamine Diarra made the switch in 2007. He struggled to acclimatise to the speed and quality of the Portuguese Primeira Liga and only made 19 appearances during his time at the club.
He then moved back to his homeland, signing for HNK Hajduk Split as a replacement for the departing Ruben Lima. He was officially unveiled as a new player of Hajduk on the 4th of July, 2012.
In June 2013 his contract with Hajduk was terminated, and on 29.12.2013 he joined HŠK Zrinjski Mostar again.

</doc>
<doc id="20493956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493956" title="Mubarak Al-Mutairi">
Mubarak Al-Mutairi

Mubarak Al-Mutairi is a former member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly. Born in 1959, Al-Mutairi studied political science at Kuwait University and worked as a diplomat before being elected to the National Assembly to represent the fourth district in 2008. However, on September 22, 2008, following a vote recount, the constitutional court repealed Al-Mutairi's seat and gave it to Askar Al-Enezi.

</doc>
<doc id="20493975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493975" title="Jean-Pierre Sydler">
Jean-Pierre Sydler

Jean-Pierre Sydler (1921-1988) was a Swiss mathematician and a librarian, well known for his work in geometry, most notably on Hilbert's third problem. 
Biography.
Sydler was born in 1921 in Neuchâtel, Switzerland. He graduated from ETH Zürich in 1943 and received a doctorate in 1947. In 1950 he became a librarian at the ETH while continuing to publish mathematical papers in his spare time. In 1960 he received a prize of the Danish Academy of Sciences for his work on scissors congruence. In 1963 he became a director of the ETH library and pioneered the use of automatisation. He continued serving as a director until the retirement in 1986. He died in 1988 in Zürich.

</doc>
<doc id="20493977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493977" title="Revento">
Revento

Revento is the eight solo album by Héctor Lavoe, It was released on 1985 under the label of Fania Records. It was produced by Jerry Masucci and Puchi Lavoe.

</doc>
<doc id="20493998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20493998" title="United States v. Drew">
United States v. Drew

United States v. Drew is the final decision in a criminal case that charged Lori Drew of violations of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA) over the alleged "cyberbullying" of a 13-year old, Megan Meier, who committed suicide. The federal district court vacated the jury's verdict convicting Drew of a misdemeanor violation of the CFAA.
Allegations leading to indictment and trial.
In 2006, Lori Drew lived in St. Charles County, Missouri, with her teenaged daughter. Megan Meier, who at one time had been friends with Drew's daughter, lived down the street from Drew.
During the summer of 2006, Drew reportedly became concerned that Meier was spreading false statements about her daughter. Drew, her daughter, and Drew's employee, Ashley Grills, allegedly decided to create a MySpace account for a non-existent 16-year-old boy under the alias "Josh Evans" and to use that account to discover whether Meier was spreading false statements about Drew's daughter.
A MySpace account in the name of "Josh Evans" was created in September 2006. Drew allegedly used the MySpace account to contact Meier, who apparently believed that "Josh Evans" was a 16-year-old boy. "Josh Evans" communicated with Meier through October 16, 2006, via the MySpace account in a manner described by the prosecution as flirtatious.
On or about October 16, 2006, "Josh Evans" reportedly sent Meier a message to the effect that the world would be a better place without her. Additional MySpace members whose profiles reflected links with the "Josh Evans" profile also began to send Meier negative messages. Subsequently, Meier's mother discovered that her daughter had hanged herself in her bedroom closet.
After Meier's death, the "Josh Evans" account was deleted, and Drew reportedly directed another minor who knew about Drew's activities to "keep her mouth shut".
State decision regarding prosecution.
In December 2007, Missouri prosecutors announced that they would not charge Drew in connection with Meier's death. St. Charles County Prosecutor Jack Banas stated there was not enough evidence to bring charges.
Indictment.
Thomas O'Brien, U.S. Attorney for the Central District of California, undertook prosecution of federal charges in connection with the case. On May 15, 2008, Drew was indicted by the Grand Jury of the United States District Court for the Central District of California on four counts. The first count alleged a conspiracy arising out of a charged violation of 18 U.S.C. § 371, namely that Drew and her co-conspirators agreed to violate the CFAA by intentionally accessing a computer used in interstate commerce "without authorization" and in "excess of authorized use," and by using interstate communication to obtain information from the computer in order to inflict emotional distress in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1030(a)(2)(C). Counts Two through Four allege that Drew violated the CFAA by accessing MySpace servers to obtain information regarding Meier in breach of the MySpace Terms of Service, on September 20, 2006, and October 16, 2006.
Amicus brief in support of defendant.
On September 4, 2008, the Electronic Frontier Foundation filed an amicus brief in support of Drew's motion to dismiss the indictment. The brief argued that Drew's indictment was wrongful because Drew's alleged violation of the MySpace terms and conditions was not an "unauthorized access" or a use that "exceeds authorized access" under the CFAA statute; that applying the CFAA to Drew's conduct would constitute a serious encroachment of civil liberties; and that interpreting the CFAA to apply to a breach of a websites’ Terms of Service would violate the Due Process protections of the Constitution and thereby render the statute void on the grounds of vagueness and lack of fair notice.
Jury trial and split verdict.
This case was heard by a jury, and the jury's verdict was announced on November 26, 2008. The jury was deadlocked on Count One for Conspiracy, but unanimously found Drew not guilty of Counts Two through Four. The jury did, however, find Drew guilty of a misdemeanor violation of the CFAA.
Guilty verdict set aside.
On November 23, 2008, Drew filed a motion for acquittal. On August 28, 2009, U.S. District Judge George H. Wu formally granted Drew's motion for acquittal, overturning the jury's guilty verdict.
In his opinion, Wu examined each element of the misdemeanor offense, noting that a misdemeanor conviction under 18 U.S.C. § 1030(a)(2)(C) requires that:
Wu found that many courts have held that any computer that provides a web-based application accessible through the internet would satisfy the interstate communication requirement of the second element, and that the third element is met whenever a person using a computer contacts an internet website and reads any part of that website.
The only issue arose with respect to the first element, and the meaning of the undefined term "unauthorized access". Wu noted the government's concession that its only basis for claiming that Drew had intentionally accessed MySpace's computers without authorization was the creation of the false "Josh Evans" alias in violation of the MySpace Terms of Service. Wu reasoned that, if a conscious violation of the Terms of Service was not sufficient to satisfy the first element, Drew's motion for acquittal would have to be granted for that reason alone. Wu found that an intentional breach of the MySpace Terms of Service could possibly satisfy the definition of an unauthorized access or access exceeding authorization, but that rooting a CFAA misdemeanor violation in an individual's conscious violation of a website's Terms of Service would render the statute void for vagueness because there were insufficient guidelines to govern law enforcement as well as a lack of actual notice to the public.
Wu cited several reasons an individual would be lacking in actual notice:
Wu summed up his opinion by stating that allowing a violation of a website's Terms of Service to constitute an intentional access of a computer without authorization or exceeding authorization would "result in transforming section 1030(a)(2)(C) into an overwhelmingly overbroad enactment that would convert a multitude of otherwise innocent Internet users into misdemeanant criminals". For these reasons, Wu granted Drew's motion for acquittal. The Government did not appeal.
Related proceedings.
In early December 2007, Missouri prosecutors announced they would not file charges against Lori Drew in connection with Megan Meier's death. At a press conference, St. Charles County Prosecutor Jack Banas stated there was not enough evidence to bring the charges. As a result, the federal government decided to pursue the case in Los Angeles, where MySpace is based. The Meiers did not file a civil lawsuit.
Legislative responses.
Missouri legislators amended the state's harassment law to include penalties for bullying via computers, other electronic devices, or text messages. The bill was approved on May 16, 2008. More than twenty states have enacted legislation to address bullying that occurs through electronic media. These laws include statutes that mandate that school boards must adopt policies to address cyberbullying, statutes that criminalize harassing minors online, and statutes providing for cyberbullying education. California enacted Cal. Educ. Code §32261 that encourages schools and other agencies to develop strategies, programs, and activities that will reduce bullying via electronic and other means.
A bill was introduced in Congress in 2009 () to set a federal standard definition for the term cyberbullying, but the proposal was criticized as overbroad and did not advance.
Reactions.
Legal experts expressed concern that the prosecution sought effectively to criminalize any violation of web site terms of service. Andrew M. Grossman, senior legal analyst for the Heritage Foundation, said "If this verdict stands ... it means that every site on the Internet gets to define the criminal law. That's a radical change. What used to be small-stakes contracts become high-stakes criminal prohibitions."
Law Professor Orin Kerr, one of Drew's pro bono attorneys, commented that he was "very pleased" with the vacated guilty verdict as the case was "an extremely important test case for the scope of the computer crime statutes, with tremendously high stakes for the civil liberties of every Internet user."

</doc>
<doc id="20494000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494000" title="Andrew M. Manis">
Andrew M. Manis

Andrew Michael Manis (born February 23, 1954, Birmingham, Alabama) is a historian, author, and professor at Macon State College, in Macon, Georgia. 
An ordained Baptist minister, Manis was educated at Samford University (B.A. in Religion and History) and at the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville, Kentucky, where he earned a Master of Divinity and a Ph.D. in American Church History in 1984. He also studied briefly at the University of Chicago Divinity School. From 1985 to 1988, he was the first Protestant scholar to teach in the Theology Department at Xavier University of (New Orleans) Louisiana, and prior to teaching at Macon State College, he taught at Averett University in Danville, Virginia.
Dr. Andrew Manis is an award-winning historian whose research focuses on the role of religion in American life, with particular attention placed on the Civil Rights Movement. Dr. Manis recently received the Lillian Smith Book Award from the Southern Regional Council for his book, "A Fire You Can't Put" "Out". The book, a biography of civil rights leader Rev. Fred Shuttlesworth, was also nominated for the Robert F. Kennedy Prize, and was runner-up for the 2001Louisville Grawemeyer Award for books in religion. Dr. Manis is a popular speaker, addressing churches and schools on the role of race and religion in American life. 
In 2009 Manis was selected as a Fulbright Fellow in Greece, where he was also Visiting Professor of American Studies at Aristotle University of Thessaloniki. 
Other Publications:
-"Macon Black and White: An Unutterable Separation in the American Century". Macon: Mercer University Press/Tubman African American Museum, 2004.
-- Winner of the 2005 Georgia Author of the Year Award (History Division)
-- National Semifinalist for the 2005 Robert F. Kennedy Book Award
-"Southern Civil Religions in Conflict: Civil Rights and the Culture Wars". Mercer University Press, 2002, which is a revised and expanded edition of his 1987 book. below.
-"Birmingham Revolutionaries: Fred Shuttlesworth and the Alabama Christian Movement for Human Rights". Contributor and Co-editor with Marjorie White. Mercer University Press, 2000.
-"Southern Civil Religions in Conflict: Black and White Baptists and Civil Rights, 1947-1957". University of Georgia Press, 1987.
Other Awards, Honors, and Organizations:
-Faculty Award for Outstanding Scholarly Activity, Macon State College, 2001.
-Mellon Fellow in the Humanities, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, 1988‑1989.
-Research Fellowship, Pew Evangelical Scholars Program, University of Notre Dame, 1994‑1995 (One of fourteen recipients chosen from among 275 applicants nationwide)
-Recipient, Fellowship for Younger Scholars, Center for the Study of Religion and American Culture, Indiana University/Purdue University at Indianapolis1992‑1993. 
-Participant in the National Endowment for the Humanities Summer Institute on Afro‑American Religious History, Princeton University, June 23‑July 18, 1986

</doc>
<doc id="20494093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494093" title="GVT">
GVT

GVT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20494112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494112" title="List of active volcanoes in the Philippines">
List of active volcanoes in the Philippines

Active volcanoes in the Philippines, as categorized by the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (PHIVOLCS), include volcanoes in the country having erupted within historical times (within the last 600 years), with accounts of these eruptions documented by man; or having erupted within the last 10,000 years (holocene) based on analyses of datable materials. However, there is no consensus among volcanologists on how to define an "active" volcano. , PHIVOLCS lists 23 volcanoes as active in the Philippines, 21 of which have historical eruptions and two strongly fumarolic volcanoes - Cabalian and Leonard Kniaseff.; the Smithsonian Institution's Global Volcanism Program categories 20 Philippine volcanoes as "historical" and 59 as "holocene".
The Smithsonian Institution's Global Volcanism Program (GVP) list volcanoes with historical, Holocene eruptions, or possibly older if strong signs of volcanism are still evident through thermal features like fumaroles, hot springs, mud pots, etc. GVP currently lists 50 Philippines volcanoes. The eruptions from the table below were based more on GVP which gives a more detailed eruption history for a particular mountain. The frequency of Historical Eruptions are based on definite historical eruptions and excludes questionable or "Uncertain" accounts based on the two sources mentioned. 
The list below shows 25 active volcanoes in the Philippines was based more on the PHIVOLCS list with some included from the GVP list. The number is not a definite number and could depend on someone's definition of "active" or historical timeframe. Also, volcanoes listed as inactive or potentially active could renew activity after long periods of dormancy such as Mount Pinatubo in 1991. 

</doc>
<doc id="20494126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494126" title="List of ancient Near Eastern scribes">
List of ancient Near Eastern scribes

This is a list of Near Eastern scribes. Besides the common clay tablet used in Mesopotamia, cylinder seals, stelas, reliefs, etc. are other commonly used mediums of the Near Eastern scribes.

</doc>
<doc id="20494132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494132" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Bath County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bath County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Bath County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20494152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494152" title="Daveyboyz">
Daveyboyz

David Bass (Daveyboyz) is a British TV Presenter, writer and filmmaker, based in London, UK. He found his fame through using the video sharing website YouTube. In late 2010 David co-presented alongside Radio 1's James King and Lizzie Cundy for the seventh series of ITV2's weekly show ITV at the Movies.
Background.
David was cited as "one to watch" in the Telegraph in late 2008. Earlier that year, along with nine other notable video bloggers, David participated in the multi-platform relaunch of BBC Three as a member of the winning YouStage team on the programme Upstaged.
David's work can be primarily found on Youtube, and he is currently 11th most subscribed comedian in the UK with over 45,000 subscribers and 30 million total video views. His most viewed individual video to date carries over 7.5 million views, and is a parody of heavy metal music sung by a farmer character.
Musical Comedies.
Heavy Metal Farmer.
Daveyboyz most notable performance to date is 'Heavy Metal Farmer', which was uploaded to Youtube on 15 September 2008. The video has since reached over 7.5 million views online, and featured on Channel 4's Rude Tube, with Alex Zane. Press coverage of the video has so far included articles from Metal Hammer magazine, BBC News, Bedfordshire on Sunday and an interview with Stephen Rhodes on BBC Three Counties Radio.
Death Metal Vicar.
David's popular video sketch 'Death Metal Vicar', which features two vicars performing an Easter church service in the style of a death metal song, has also been included in the latest Rude Tube episode of the new worldwide series release.
Dubstep Santa.
Dubstep Santa is a series of Dubstep videos created by David Bass. The original Dubstep Santa track entitled 'Christmas Bassline' (Released 7 December 2009 and produced by NSGMusic) has received over 6.8 million hits and topped #14 in the Amazon.co.uk Dance & Electronic chart, and 252 in the main UK download chart.
The second installment, entitled 'Dubstep Santa 2 'Filthy' was released on 1 December 2010 on Youtube and was in collaboration with Dubstep Producer Audio-Spektics. 'Filthy' has received over 1.5 million hits online.
Dubstep Santa 2 was censored on Youtube in Germany.
The finale to the series, Dirty Grotto saw a controversial depiction of the Santa character, as the portrayal was rather darker than the Dubstep Santa explored previously. However the video remained popular with fans and amassed over 750,000 hits.
Justin Beaver.
'Justin Beaver' was a satirical take on Justin Bieber and his hit song 'Baby'. In the music video a beaver character (played by David Bass) sings of his fear of catching 'Rabies' from his rabbit lover. The song has received over 3.2 million hits online. The sketch was featured in Channel 4's 'Rude Tube' in summer 2011.
Meeting the Queen.
In October 2008, along with two other notable YouTubers Peter Oakley (geriatric1927) and Lauren Luke (panacea81), David represented the site by attending a royal visit by the Queen and her husband Prince Phillip at the Google headquarters in London.
Youtube Interviews.
In October 2008 David interviewed ex-wrestler and playboy model Joanie Laurer (Chyna) at her home in LA, California.
In March 2009 David interviewed several members of The Zimmers band, who were founded by the BBC.
In April 2009 Umbro invited David (along with Youtube super-user Katers17) to be one of the first to try out the new England kit.
In December 2009 Fox/Youtube invited David (along with Youtube super-users Paperlilies and WhatAboutAdam) to attend and interview the stars on the red carpet at the world premiere of James Cameron's 'Avatar' movie.
In March 2010, David was the official Youtube host in a one on one interview with James Cameron surrounding the DVD/Blu-ray release of Avatar by 20th Century Fox in Hollywood, California. The interview has since been released on the official Avatar Youtube channel and received over 800,000 views.
ITV at the Movies.
As from Saturday 25 September 2010 David Bass appeared once a week as one of three interviewers on ITV2's seventh series of ITV at the Movies. The show looked at the top movies of each week and included interviews with the cast.
Call of Duty: MW3 Live Launch.
In November 2011, alongside Rick Edwards and Microsoft's Graeme Boyd, David presented the live countdown to the worldwide release of the game in London during the celebrity launch party.
Obsessive Compulsive Disorder.
An article was published by the Beds on Sunday newspaper on 7 October 2012 in which David revealed what living with OCD has been like and how it has affected his career.
BBC Three.
David shed further light on the debilitating disorder and how it has affected his life when he featured on the BBC Three programme 'Inside my Mind' which first aired on 7 August 2013. As a follow up to 'Inside my Mind' David published an article with the charity Mind.
David was also included in another programme on BBC Three which aired an hour before entitled 'Free Speech: It's a Mad World' with a live audience, hosted by presenter Rick Edwards on the same topic.
Daily Mail.
On November 5, 2013 British newspaper the Daily Mail published an article surrounding David's fight with OCD and common misconceptions of the disorder in the public arena.
Daily Mirror.
On December 12, 2013, David featured in the British newspaper Daily Mirror to discuss health issues and in particular hayfever-like allergic reactions to Christmas Trees.

</doc>
<doc id="20494159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494159" title="Negative transfer (memory)">
Negative transfer (memory)

Negative transfer is the obstruction of or interference with new learning because of previous learning, and relates to the experience with one set of events could hurt performance on related tasks (Lunchins and Lunchins, 1970). It also describes the pattern of error in animal learning and behavior, within the framework of behavioral psychology. It occurs when a learned, and previously adaptive, response to one stimulus interferes with the acquisition of an adaptive response to a novel stimulus that is similar to the first. A common example is switching from a manual transmission vehicle to an automatic transmission vehicle. The adaptive response series in a standard vehicle when it reaches 10 miles per hour is to step on the clutch, shift gears, and step on the accelerator. This previously adaptive response is incompatible with the proper response in an automatic transmission. This type of example confirms how prior experience can limit peoples abilities to function efficiently in new settings. 
Negative transfer can also correspond with positive transfer and the errors that come with negative transfer can sometimes be made at faster rates even. Although positive transfer is more likely than negative transfer, error rates, one aspect of human performance, can be much higher when negative transfer does occur than when no previously learned behavior exists. For example, if a mariner already knows how to operate navigation equipment and if negative transfer occurs, he or she may display more errors while learning to operate new equipment than a mariner who has never operated navigation equipment (Woltz, Gardner, Bell, 2000). This is because the old mariner is using previous knowledge that may have transferred negatively and now is having to forget the prior inaccurate knowledge and try to learn new equipment the correct way. This is because the learning that was transferred can not properly apply to the new experience. Another example of this might be the way an experience of the same kind has different protocol for different situations. If a mariner has already learned how to quickly react to an alarm, the same mariner may react to the same alarm on new equipment even more quickly (positive transfer on reaction time) than without already knowing how to react. Although the reaction may happen very quickly, it may be to push the wrong alarm switch located in the same position as the old alarm switch (negative transfer on error rate). In essence, the old behavior contributes to making errors at a faster rate on the new behavior (Woltz, Gardner, Bell, 2000).
A common test for negative transfer is the AB-AC list learning paradigm from the verbal learning research of the 1950s and 1960s. In this paradigm, two sets/lists of paired associates are learned in succession. If the second set of associations (List 2) constitutes a modification of the first set of associations (List 1), negative transfer results and thus the learning rate of the second list is slower than the first list.
An elementary example of transfer learning would be, for example, in dealing with subject verb agreement: When you have a singular subject you have to add and "s" on the end of the verb and when you have a plural subject you do not put an "s" on the end of the verb. However, when they are the subjects "I" and "You", they do not follow this rule. There for if students take the previously learned lesson of subject and verb agreement and have not learned the exception properly they are going to be adding "s" on the end of the verbs in there sentences, which is incorrect. This is an example of negative transfer because they have taken what they have learned from one set of rules and have applied it to a similar experience but in the wrong way.
Studies have shown that not only by reevaluating the situation and its errors but by comparing them to others who have attempted the same task allows for deeper insight into how to correct ones ability or knowledge of a situation. By having the ability to compare oneself to another individuals performance adjustments can be better internalized and negative effects can be calculated and seen before they are even made. This allows for the error rate to slow down with the positive transfer rate to increase. When applying what has been learned to another similar task, one can now take what has been learned along with the comparisons of what others have accomplished and apply it more accurately. It would almost be like getting five chances to learn from one exercise when in actuality you only attempted it once. 
According research done by Magda Osman, without external normative standards, such as making a comparison with another’s learning experiences, self-perceptions of the knowledge and control ability of self conditions lead to negative self-assessments. Moreover, along with poor self-efficacy judgments, individuals also undervalued the relevancy of previously gained knowledge in assisting them in the transfer task. The reason for this is because individuals overcompensate in their error detection and correction, which leads them to ignore rather than transfer relevant prior information. As a consequence this has negative affects on their performance because they have failed to utilize prior relevant knowledge (Bandura & Locke, 2003). Its beneficial to have comparison of what worked and what did not.
Remember to consider the negative learnings that can transfer over from prior experiences when introducing something new. Address the negatives to help extinguish the error rates that might occur. Luckily, while negative transfer is a real and often problematic phenomenon of learning, it is of much less concern to education than positive transfer. Negative transfer typically causes trouble only in the early stages of learning a new domain. With experience, learners correct for the effects of negative transfer (Perkins and Salomon, 1992).

</doc>
<doc id="20494175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494175" title="National Democratic Alliance (Kuwait)">
National Democratic Alliance (Kuwait)

The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) (Arabic: التحالف الديمقراطي الوطني "Al-Tehalef Al-Dimoqrati Al-Watani") is a liberal political bloc in Kuwait. Of the fifty elected members of Kuwait National Assembly, two belong to the NDA: Mohammed Al-Abduljader and Mohammed Al-Sager. MP Ali Al-Rashid originally affiliated with the NDA, but left the party on November 23, 2008. 
The NDA has also launched the TV channel Nabeeha Tahalof and publishes the daily newspaper Al-Jarida.

</doc>
<doc id="20494183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494183" title="Avulsion (river)">
Avulsion (river)

In sedimentary geology and fluvial geomorphology, avulsion is the rapid abandonment of a river channel and the formation of a new river channel. Avulsions occur as a result of channel slopes that are much lower than the slope that the river could travel if it took a new course.
Deltaic and net-depositional settings.
Avulsions are common in deltaic settings, where sediment deposits as the river enters the ocean and channel gradients are typically very small. This process of avulsion in deltaic settings is also known as delta switching.
Deposition from the river results in the formation of an individual deltaic lobe that pushes out into the sea. An example of a deltaic lobe is the bird's-foot delta of the Mississippi River, pictured at right with its sediment plumes. As the deltaic lobe advances, the slope of the river channel becomes lower because the river channel is longer but has the same change in elevation (see slope or gradient). As the slope of the river channel decreases, it becomes unstable for two reasons. First, water under the force of gravity will tend to flow in the most direct course downslope. If the river could breach its natural levees (i.e., during a flood), it would spill out onto a new course with a shorter route to the ocean, thereby obtaining a more stable steeper slope. Second, as its slope is reduced, the amount of shear stress on the bed will decrease, resulting in deposition of sediment within the channel and raising of the channel bed relative to the floodplain. This will make it easier for the river to breach its levees and cut a new channel that enters the ocean at a steeper slope.
When this avulsion occurs, the new channel carries sediment out to the ocean, building a new deltaic lobe., The abandoned delta eventually subsides. Because this process results in the formation of a series of lobes, it is also known as delta switching.
This process is also related to the distributary network of river channels that can be observed within a river delta. When the channel does this, some of its flow can remain in the abandoned channel. When these channel switching events happen repeatedly over time, a mature delta will gain a distributary network.
Subsidence of the delta and/or sea-level rise can further cause backwater and deposition in the delta. This deposition fills the channels and leaves a geologic record of channel avulsion in sedimentary basins. On average, an avulsion will occur every time the bed of a river channel aggrades enough that the river channel is superelevated above the floodplain by one channel-depth. In this situation, enough hydraulic head is available that any breach of the natural levees will result in an avulsion.
Erosional avulsions.
Rivers can also avulse due to the erosion of a new channel that creates a straighter path through the landscape. This can happen during large floods in situations in which the slope of the new channel is significantly greater than that of the old channel. Where the new channel's slope is about the same as the old channel's slope, a "partial avulsion" will occur in which both channels are occupied by flow. An example of an erosional avulsion is the 2006 avulsion of the Suncook River in New Hampshire, in which heavy rains caused flow levels to rise. The flow level rise was pronounced behind an old mill dam, which produced a shallowly-sloping pool that overtopped a sand and gravel quarry, connected with a downstream section of channel, and cut a new (and shorter) channel at a rate of 25–50 meters per hour. Sediment mobilized by this erosional avulsion produced a depositionally-forced meander cutoff further downstream by superelevating the bed around the meander bend to nearly the level of the floodplain.
Meander cutoffs.
An example of a minor avulsion is known as a meander cutoff, where the high-sinuosity meander bend is abandoned in favor of the high-slope. This occurs when the ratio between the channel slope and the potential slope after an avulsion is less than 1/6.
Occurrence.
Avulsion typically occurs during large floods which carry the power necessary to rapidly change the landscape.
Avulsions usually occur as a downstream to upstream process via head cutting erosion. If a bank of a current stream is breached a new trench will be cut into the existing floodplain. It either cuts through floodplain deposits or reoccupies an old channel.

</doc>
<doc id="20494190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494190" title="Robert Greenleaf Leavitt">
Robert Greenleaf Leavitt

Dr. Robert Greenleaf Leavitt (1865–1942), born at Parsonsfield, Maine, was an early American Harvard-educated botanist and widely published author in the field of botany, as well as an early college and high school educator in the natural sciences. Leavitt also worked for nine years as a botanical researcher at the Ames Botanical Laboratory in North Easton, Massachusetts.
Dr. Leavitt was an early botany professor at Harvard College, where he had graduated in the class of 1889 after attending Worcester Academy. Following his Harvard education, Leavitt began publishing widely in the field of botany, including articles in "The American Naturalist", "The Botanical Gazette", "Science" magazine (the official publication of the American Association for the Advancement of Science), the Boston Society of Natural History magazine as well as other publications in the field. In 1899 Leavitt was named assistant professor at Harvard.
Leavitt subsequently earned his Doctor of Philosophy in biology at Harvard in 1904. Leavitt spent some nine years at the Ames Botanical Laboratory in study, research, writing and collecting specimens, including trips to Cuba and Europe. Following his time at the Ames Botanical Laboratory, Leavitt became a high school botany teacher in Massachusetts and later in New Jersey. "College teaching is the least interesting," Leavitt wrote his Harvard classmates, "normal school the most interesting."
As the head of the biological department of the New Jersey Normal and Model Schools, Dr. Leavitt served as a high school teacher in Trenton, New Jersey, as well as overseeing statewide efforts to teach botany and the natural sciences.
"I expect to put in the rest of my time before I retire to my farm in Maine in helping to improve the schools of this State System," Leavitt wrote to his Harvard class. "At 60 I expect to retire for 40 years of research, with special reference to fruits adaptable to Maine, at my experiment station in a beautiful country among the foothills of the White Mountains. (My great great grandfather was a man of God-given taste in scenery)."
In the following years, Leavitt authored many textbooks in the field of botany, many for high school students, including his "Outlines of Botany for the High School Laboratory and Classroom", which was widely reprinted.
Robert Greenleaf Leavitt was the son of John Greenleaf Leavitt, an early student at Parsonsfield Seminary at Parsonsfield, Maine, who returned to his alma mater in 1861 to serve as the school's principal for one year, when he married Susan C. Blazo, daughter of one of the Seminary's co-founders. (Dr. Leavitt served as a trustee for the Parsonsfield Seminary.) Rev. J. Greenleaf Leavitt later spent his life as a Congregationalist minister at Webster, Massachusetts. The home built by his wife's Blazo ancestors descended in the family of Rev. Greenleaf Leavitt. (The Blazo-Leavitt House is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.)
Dr. Leavitt married Ida Gertrude (Ruggli) Leavitt, a 1901 graduate of Radcliffe College, at Arlington, Massachusetts in 1906, following the death of his first wife Janet (Shumway). Robert Greenleaf Leavitt and his first wife had two sons, Robert and Russell, both of whom attended Harvard College. Dr. Leavitt and his second wife Ida Ruggli had two daughters, Rosamund, who died in infancy, and Constance. Following his service as a high school teacher in New Jersey, Robert Greenleaf Leavitt retired to his farm in Maine, where he raised 40 varieties of apples.

</doc>
<doc id="20494205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494205" title="National Interop">
National Interop

National Interop is a systems integration company with some of the earliest experience with Radio over IP technologies as deployed for public safety communications. The company was founded by public safety personnel.
One of the principals of the company testified in the U.S. Senate in 2007 on the applicability of Radio over IP (RoIP) as an alternative for the expensive statewide interoperable radio systems then being proposed for funding by the federal government at costs of about $US 1B per state.
The company designed and implemented a RoIP-powered system for Air Evac Lifeteam spanning 14 states with 80+ radio towers and a 24x7 9-1-1 type dispatch center, as well as numerous smaller RoIP systems.
National Interop works with any and all RoIP technologies, as each may be best suited for each particular public safety application.

</doc>
<doc id="20494223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494223" title="Porter County Jail and Sheriff's House">
Porter County Jail and Sheriff's House

Porter County Jail and Sheriff’s House are located southeast of the County Courthouse in Valparaiso, Indiana. Overtime, the needs of the county grew and these original structures were replaced by a new jail in 1974, just south of the original jail on Franklin Street. By 2000, the county again needed more space for the jail and for the Sheriff’s Department. A new facility was built and opened in 2004 south of Valparaiso on S.R. 49 just south of the intersection with U.S. 30.
Porter County Jail.
The jail was added to the residence around 1871 for a combined cost of $26,500. Prior to its construction, prisoners were taken to LaPorte County. Designed by R. Rose using Gothic Revival styling with a showing of strength and a commanding presence in the community, Shad and Lembke were the builders. A new jail was opened in 1974 and this facility closed.
The historic Porter County Jail is the home of the Historical Society of Porter County. It is located at 153 South Franklin, Valparaiso, Indiana on the southeast corner across from the Courthouse Square. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. The jail serves as the County History Museum with artifacts and displays from around the county. Included is a mastodon tusk, which was found locally. 
Sheriff's Residence.
The sheriff’s residence was built in 1860. Originally, a log stockade was directly behind the house and served as the holding cell for prisoners. The structure is Italianate in design. It is located on East Indiana Ave, which was Mechanic Street when the house was built. The building is accessible through the Historical Society of Porter County’s Museum located in the Historic County Jail on Franklin Street. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. The residence is decorated to the early 1900s.

</doc>
<doc id="20494288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494288" title="National Islamic Alliance">
National Islamic Alliance

The National Islamic Alliance (Arabic: التحالف الوطنية الإسلامية) is a Shia political party in Kuwait. Of the fifty elected members of Kuwait National Assembly, two belong to the National Islamic Alliance: Adnan Zahid Abdulsamad and Ahmed Lari.

</doc>
<doc id="20494345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494345" title="Islamic Salafi Alliance">
Islamic Salafi Alliance

The Islamic Salafi Alliance (Arabic: التحالف الإسلامي السلفي) is a Sunni political party in Kuwait headed by Khaled AlـSultan Bin Essa. Of the fifty elected members of Kuwait National Assembly, only three seats belonged to the Islamic Salafi Alliance: Mohammed Al-Kandari, Ali Al-Omair, and Khaled AlـSultan Bin Essa before the elections of May 17, 2008. That day, they won a few seats.

</doc>
<doc id="20494347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494347" title="Kopačka">
Kopačka

Kopačka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20494371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494371" title="Chinese exclamative particles">
Chinese exclamative particles

The Chinese language involves a number of spoken exclamative words and written onomatopoeia which are used in everyday speech and informal writing. Such "exclamations" have their own Chinese character, but are rarely used in formal written documents. Rather, they are found in movie subtitles, music lyrics, informal literature and on internet forums.
Many exclamatives contain the 口 mouth radical.
Use of exclamative particles.
Exclamative particles are used as a method of recording aspects of human speech which may not be based entirely on meaning and definition. Specific characters are used to record exclamations, as with any other form of Chinese vocabulary, some characters exclusively representing the expression (such as 哼), others sharing characters with alternate words and meanings (such as 可). As with all Chinese characters, exclamative particles span only one syllable, and are formed in the same structure as other Chinese words (e.g. words in Mandarin Chinese can only end in -n, -ng, -r or a vowel).
The mouth radical 口 found on many exclamative particles represents that the character is a sound, as with onomatopoeia and speech-related words, since phono-semantic compound subset of Chinese characters are classified through meaning by their radicals. For example, 嘿 "hei" is derived from the mouth radical 口 and the character 黑 "hei", which literally means "black", while 哑 originates from the mouth radical plus the character 亚 "ya", meaning Asia. This practice occurs from adding a radical in front of a same or similar-sounding word, which then introduces a new word with a new meaning, depending on the radical. Most words represented by the mouth radical have something to do with sounds or speech.
Use of exclamative particles is highly informal, and it is advised that they not be used in formal documents or academic papers, unless it is specifically required to do so (such as the case of narrative telling).
While such exclamations are used in subtitles and descriptions of speech, usage is also popular in social circumstances, such as in text messaging, IM and blogs, where the formality of text is not an issue. Peers may use such particles to address and communicate with each other, just as people in English-speaking regions use words such as "Hey!" to address close friends, or use words like "argh" while online, which are also considered to be informal.
Parallels in other East Asian languages.
Similarly in Japanese, particles are used to add expression to speech (e.g. よ, an exclamatory particle), however particles are used more thoroughly and frequently in Japanese than in Chinese. Some Japanese particles are also more commonly used within informal written texts than their Chinese counterparts.
Exclamative particles are also used in the Korean language, such as the use of 에 (e) to represent surprise, although such usage is also considered informal.

</doc>
<doc id="20494386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494386" title="Violet Vector and the Lovely Lovelies">
Violet Vector and the Lovely Lovelies

Violet Vector and the Lovely Lovelies is an indie sunshine pop/garage rock band formed in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States. They are part of the neo-psychedelia movement in the Chapel Hill music scene. The band consists of singer-song writer Amanda Brooks(lead guitar, lead vocals), Karen Blanco (organ, electric piano), Cathleen Keyser (bells, glockenspiel, tambourine), Matt L'Esperance (drums), and Alex Maiolo (bass guitar).
History.
Upon moving to Chapel Hill, Brooks first met Karen Blanco in 2005, and Cathleen Keyser in 2006. Keyser learned how to play the glockenspiel, hand bells, and various other instruments. Later in 2007, after several line-up changes, Alex Maiolo was added on bass guitar. The then current drummer's abrupt withdrawal led to a quick cessation of studio recording and live performances. Alex Maiolo recruited his friend Doug Edmunds on drums.
The band gained momentum after several performances at Cat's Cradle, The Local 506, and Slim's Downtown in downtown Raleigh, in which they unintentionally impressed their future Chapel Hill indie record label, Holidays for Quince, into signing them and distributing their first album.
In 2008, Edmunds announced that he would be leaving the band to focus on his solo work but has filled in with the band since then. Currently Matt L'Esperance is the regular drummer.
Influences.
The band is influenced by the Kinks, the Beatles, Led Zeppelin, earlier Pink Floyd, and the The Zombies.
EP I.
Track listing.
EP I was recorded by the band and mixed by Brian Paulson. The first song of the EP, "Can You Dig It?", has attracted attention via Myspace and various music blogs such as notable music blog Idolator.com, which announced "Can You Dig It" as their song of the year in 2007. The magazines Curve (magazine) and Paste (magazine), and blogs such as Eardrumsmusic.com and Indyweek.com agree.
EP II.
EP II was released in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20494400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494400" title="Lord Edgware Dies (film)">
Lord Edgware Dies (film)

Lord Edgware Dies is a 1934 British mystery film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Austin Trevor, Jane Carr, and Richard Cooper. The film was based on the Agatha Christie novel "Lord Edgware Dies", first published in 1933. 
Trevor reprised his role as Hercule Poirot for a third time, having previously played him in "Alibi" and "Black Coffee", both released in 1931. Like them, it was filmed at Twickenham Film Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="20494451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494451" title="Justice and Peace Alliance">
Justice and Peace Alliance

The Justice and Peace Alliance (Arabic: تحالف العدالة و سلام) is a liberal and moderate Shia political bloc in Kuwait. Of the fifty elected members of Kuwait National Assembly, only one belongs to the Justice and Peace Alliance: Saleh Ashour.
The bloc members are followers of The Shirazi school of thought which in turn is against Hezbollah and Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="20494456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494456" title="Damir Džidić">
Damir Džidić

Damir Džidić (born 15 February 1987 in Mostar) is a Croatian footballer playing for HŠK Zrinjski Mostar. He is the younger brother of Ivica Džidić.
He returned to HŠK Zrinjski Mostar in January 2009.
Biography.
Damir Džidić is the younger brother of Ivica Džidić, long-time captain of HŠK Zrinjski Mostar. His football career began in Croatian NK Dinamo Zagreb. He played for all ages of Dinamo football school Hitrec – Kacian. In 2006 he came to HŠK Zrinjski Mostar. There he played in the first team and provided good games. It has helped him to return to young Croatian football team. He was noted by Miroslav Blažević, coach of Zagreb and Damir signed with Zagreb in January 2008. However, did not prove himself in Zagreb and in October 2008 returned to the HŠK Zrinjski Mostar. He won the Premier League of BiH with Zrinjski, in season 2008–09.

</doc>
<doc id="20494479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494479" title="Association of Boxing Alliances in the Philippines">
Association of Boxing Alliances in the Philippines

The Association of Boxing Alliances in the Philippines "(formerly Amateur Boxing Association of the Philippines)" (ABAP) is the governing body of amateur boxing in the Philippines.
Objectives.
The ABAP's current goal is for the country to win its first ever Olympic gold medal in boxing, to be recognized as one of the world's boxing powers as well as to improve the image of the Philippines abroad. With this purpose, it has been conducting information campaigns among local government units who are interested in amateur boxing and wish to organize boxing tournaments. The organization also has an ongoing accreditation campaign for young referees, with workshops and examinations being administered countrywide.
History.
On May 30, 2013, ABAP held its first general assembly and organizational elections at the Quezon City Sports Club. ABAP also renamed itself and became the "Association of Boxing Alliances in the Philippines". The name change was mandated by the International Boxing Association, which dropped the word "amateur" in all organizations under its aegis.
External links.
started in europe

</doc>
<doc id="20494527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494527" title="German post offices in China">
German post offices in China

The German Post Offices Abroad were a network of post offices in foreign countries established by Germany to provide mail service where the local services were deemed unsafe or unreliable. They were generally set up in cities with some sort of German commercial interest. In the earliest period when such offices were open, stamps used there can only be identified by their cancellations. Such stamps are known as "Vorläufer" (forerunner) stamps. Later stamps issued for use at a post office abroad can generally be identified by overprints even when not postally used. Germany began issuing distinctive stamps for use overseas beginning in the late 19th century, and the number and variety of issues reached its heyday at the beginning of the 20th century. All German Post Offices Abroad were closed down during or shortly after World War I.
It was not unusual for countries to maintain such offices and Austria-Hungary, China, France, Greece, Italy, Japan, Poland, Romania, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States all did so. In the latter part of 19th century and into the 20th century, having extraterritorial post offices was one indication of a nation's international power.
Stamps from German post offices abroad are popular with collectors and some are quite valuable. In a 2006 auction, a 40 Pfennig Germania hand-stamped "China" (Tientsin issue) stamp from 1900 realized 100,152 Euros.
German post offices in China.
German post offices in China (German: Deutsche Post in China) started to operate in 1886. Initially definitive stamps were used without overprint; such a stamp used in China is only recognizable by its cancellation. In 1898 stamps were issued with a diagonal overprint reading "China". From 1900 onwards, stamps of the Germania definitive series were issued with new style of horizontal "China" overprint. After 1905, a third "Gothic" style of "China" overprint was applied to Germania stamps which also obliterated the stamps' face value as stated in German mark and pfennig values, and replaced them with equivalent face values in Chinese dollars and cents. All German post offices in China closed after China declared war on Germany on 16 March 1917 if they were still operating on that date. Some had closed prior to this.
Post offices operated in these towns from the listed dates:
1886
1893
1900
1901
1902
1903
1904
In addition, during the Boxer rebellion (1900–01) ten military mail offices were maintained. Disruptions in stamp supplies and postal operations caused by fighting at this time led to unoverprinted German stamps and stamps from the German colony of Kiautschou being used at these military offices as well as at the German post offices open to civilians. Such uses occurred primarily, but not exclusively, at Peking, Tientsin, and Shanghai. The unoverprinted German and Kiautschou stamps used at any of these offices are referred to collectively as "Petschili" issues.
Stamps printed for use in the German post offices in China but with a cancel reading "Tsintau" or "Tsingtau" in the period 1898-1901 are actually forerunners of Kiautschou, which did not issue distinctive stamps of its own until early 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="20494535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494535" title="Karin Konoval">
Karin Konoval

Karin Konoval (born June 4, 1961), has appeared in guest starring roles in numerous TV series and supporting lead roles in many feature films. Her extensive screen credits include "Maurice the Orangutan" in "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" and "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes", "Mrs. Peacock" in the "X-Files" episode, "Home", and the lead role of "Mary Leonard" in "Cable Beach", for which she received a Philip Borsos award. She has received numerous awards for her work in theatre, performing lead roles in contemporary classics and a wide range of musicals.
Born in Baltimore, Maryland, Karin Konoval moved to Canada with her family as a child and grew up in Edmonton, Alberta where she originally trained as a dancer. After graduating from the University of Alberta with a B.A. in theatre history, she moved to Vancouver, British Columbia to pursue a career in acting. Her writing has been published in various anthologies and literary magazines and broadcast on CBC Radio. As an artist she has had many solo gallery exhibits of her paintings for a growing audience."

</doc>
<doc id="20494547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494547" title="Brooklyn Waterworks">
Brooklyn Waterworks

The Brooklyn Waterworks, also known as the Milburn Pumping Station, was an historic building in Freeport, Long Island. Designed by noted Brooklyn architect Frank Freeman and completed in 1890, it was described as "Long Island's most ambitious Romanesque Revival design."
After the Waterworks was decommissioned in the 1970s, it was purchased in 1989 by a property developer who planned to convert it into apartments. During the renovation however, the building was severely damaged by fire. Attempts to redevelop what remains of the structure have since met with failure due to legal disputes.
History.
In the 1880s, the City of Brooklyn acquired Milburn Pond in Freeport to feed the Ridgewood Reservoir to serve Brooklyn's growing water needs. The pond was subsequently enlarged, and architect Frank Freeman engaged to design a new, larger pumping station. The new station, completed in 1891, housed five large steam pumps capable of delivering up to a day.
In 1898, Brooklyn was absorbed into New York City, allowing the former access to the Croton Aqueduct system, and reducing demand for the Milburn supply. By 1929, the Milburn Pumping Station was downgraded to a standby supply, for operation only in emergencies, at which time the building's two large smokestacks were dismantled. The pumping station was retained as a standby supply until 1977, when the property was sold to Nassau County and the machinery removed. The property was thereafter allowed to fall into decay.
In 1989, the property was purchased at auction by a developer, Gary Mileus, for the sum of $1.4 million. Mileus set to work converting the building into 48 condominiums, a project set for completion in 1990. However, a housing market collapse put the project on hold, and the building was later severely damaged by a fire. Mileus then came up with a new proposal to convert what remained of the building into a nursing home, but this plan was eventually blocked by local government. In 2009, Mileus won a $3.5 million lawsuit relating to ownership of the property from the Village of Freeport, with further lawsuits pending. Mileus estimates that prior to the 2009 lawsuit, he had lost $12 million on the property. As of August 30, 2010 most of what was standing has been demolished. It has now been entirely demolished into piles of bricks.
Description.
The Brooklyn Waterworks has been described as "unquestionably Long Island's most ambitious Romanesque Revival design." The "monumental" building was constructed of "deep red" brick, and included towers, large arched windows, eyebrow dormers and a bold Roman arch for the main entrance. The walls featured a "lavish" level of carved brick and terra cotta ornamentation.
The interior of the building included a main room finished in two shades of orange brick. The roof was supported by a spacious pin truss, while an "elaborate" iron walkway ran around the walls, encircling the five giant steam pumps.

</doc>
<doc id="20494548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494548" title="Sun Bear Concerts">
Sun Bear Concerts

Sun Bear Concerts is a recording released through ECM by jazz pianist Keith Jarrett performing solo improvisations recorded in Japan in 1976. It was originally released as a ten-LP set and later as a six-CD box set.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell awarded the album 4 stars stating "While "Sun Bear" breaks little ground that his earlier solo piano albums had not already covered, it is nevertheless richly inventive within Jarrett's personal parameter of idioms. If price is not a barrier, the Jarrett devotee need not hesitate". 
Track listing.
"All compositions by Keith Jarrett"
CD 1
CD 2
CD 3
CD 4 
CD 5
Bonus tracks on CD reissue:<br>
CD 6
"Recorded in concert in Kyoto, November 5; Osaka, November 8; Nagoya, November 12; Tokyo, November 14; and Sapporo, November 18, 1976."

</doc>
<doc id="20494554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494554" title="German post offices in Morocco">
German post offices in Morocco

The German post offices abroad were a network of post offices in foreign countries established by Germany to provide mail service where the local services were deemed unsafe or unreliable. They were generally set up in cities with some sort of German commercial interest. In early use only the cancellation mark can identify their postal use aboad; such stamps are known as "Vorläufer" (forerunner) stamps. Later stamps are identified by overprints even when not postally used. German abroad stamps started appearing in the late 19th century and reached their heyday at the beginning of the 20th century; they closed down during or shortly after World War I.
It was not unusual for countries to maintain such offices and Austria-Hungary, China, France, Greece, Italy, Romania, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States all did so. In the latter part of 19th century and into the 20th century, having extraterritorial post offices was one indication of a nation's international power.
Stamps from German post offices abroad are popular with collectors and some are quite valuable. In a 2006 auction, a 40 Pfennig Germania hand-stamped "China" (Tientsin issue) stamp from 1900 realized 100,152 Euros.
German post offices in Morocco.
German post offices in Morocco (German: Deutsche Post in Marokko) started to operate in 1899. German definitive stamps were used with overprints; after the first issue the valuta was changed to pesetas and centimos. German post offices closed in French-controlled Morocco in 1914, and in Spanish-controlled Morocco on June 16, 1919.):
Post offices existed in these towns (name per cancellation stamps):

</doc>
<doc id="20494590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494590" title="Valdarno">
Valdarno

The Valdarno is the valley of the river Arno, although it does not apply to the entire basin of the river. The usage of the term generally excludes Casentino and the valleys formed by the major tributaries, such as the Val di Chiana, the Val d'Ambra, The valley of the Sieve, namely Mugello, the Valdelsa, and the Valdera. The areas surrounding the towns of Arezzo, Florence and Pisa is also excluded.
The most important towns are:

</doc>
<doc id="20494591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494591" title="Al-Enezi">
Al-Enezi

The Enezi are an influential family in Kuwaiti politics. Only one of the fifty elected parliamentarians in the Kuwait National Assembly belongs to the Enezi family: Khalaf Al-Enezi.

</doc>
<doc id="20494594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494594" title="Don Meadows">
Don Meadows

Don Meadows (October 20, 1897 - November 9, 1994) was an historian, scholar and bibliophile specializing in the American West.
Born in Shoals, Indiana, his family moved to Orange County, California in 1903. Serving in the United States Naval Reserve during World War One, he graduated from Pomona College (1922) and earned his M.S. in Ecological Studies from the University of California, Berkeley (1931). Meadows taught high school biology, and worked as a field supervisor for a biological survey of the Channel Islands (1936–1941), and Park Naturalist at the Big Basin Redwoods State Park and Calaveras Big Trees State Park (1946–1952). His collections of moths and butterflies of Catalina Island was one of the most important and comprehensive to date. "Feralia meadowsi" (Noctuidae) is an endemic moth to the islands and was named in his honor.
A founding Director of the Long Beach Natural History Museum, he also serve on Board of Consultants for Rancho Los Cerritos Museum and taught California history at Orange Coast College (1955–1960). He retired to Yuba City, California in 1985.
Writings.
Meadows' writings focusing on Southern California, Orange County, and Baja California history. A partial bibliography includes
His substantial collection of archival materials in support his research, and voluminous correspondence, is maintained through the Online Archive of California.
Associations.
Meadows was an active member of many historical and bibliographic organizations, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20494629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494629" title="List of historical cities and towns of Mongolia">
List of historical cities and towns of Mongolia

This is a List of historical cities and towns of Mongolia. Mongolia is a landlocked country in East and Central Asia. It is bordered by Russia to the north and China to the south, east and west. Ulan Bator, the capital and largest city, is home to about 45% of the population. 
Special characteristics.
"Mongolian cities" means those cities that were built in Mongolia as well those built in areas directly under Mongol influence. The special characteristic of Mongolian historical cities is that they came into being amidst a predominantly nomadic society. It is a misunderstanding to assume that there were no cities in Mongolia, or that all of the people were entirely nomadic all through their history. Based on current research, Mongolia's tradition of cities goes back over 2000 years.
References.
This article is based on the textbook ""Mongol Ulsyn Tuuh"" (History of Mongolia), National University of Mongolia, Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20494631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494631" title="2008 Hawaii Bowl">
2008 Hawaii Bowl

The 2008 Sheraton Hawaii Bowl game was a post-season college football bowl game between the Hawaii Warriors against the Notre Dame Fighting Irish on December 24, 2008, at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu, Hawaii. The game was part of the 2008-2009 bowl game schedule of the 2008 NCAA Division I FBS football season and was the concluding game of the season for both teams. This seventh edition of the Hawaii Bowl originally scheduled a matchup between a team from the WAC and another from the Pac-10, however, the Pac-10 failed to produce enough teams. The game was telecast on ESPN.
Notre Dame's victory marked its first in the postseason since the Irish defeated Texas A&M in the 1994 Cotton Bowl Classic to end the 1993 season, and ended a NCAA record 9-game bowl game losing streak.. Notre Dame quarterback Jimmy Clausen broke school bowl game records after passing for 401 yards and five touchdowns, and his 84.6% completion rate was the second-best completion percentage for any player in any bowl game in NCAA history. Wide receiver Golden Tate also set Irish bowl records upon catching for 177 yards and three touchdowns.
The game set the record for the Hawaii Bowl's largest attendance, in both tickets sold and turnstile count, breaking the previous record set at the 2006 edition.
Game summary.
The Irish scored first on a Robert Hughes 2-yard touchdown run, capping a 9 play 87-yard drive. After the Irish defense forced a Hawaii 3-and-out, Irish safety Sergio Brown blocked a Hawaii punt. Notre Dame could not capitalize on the block, in part due to an excessive celebration penalty incurred by Notre Dame after the play that pushed them out of field goal range. After forcing another Hawaii 3-and-out, Clausen connected with senior wide receiver David Grimes for a 14-yard touchdown. The Warriors answered right back, however, driving 56 yards in 6 plays and scoring on a 10-yard Aaron Bain touchdown from Hawaii quarterback Greg Alexander. 
With the score at 14-7, Notre Dame proceeded to score 28 unanswered points in the 2nd and 3rd quarters. In the 2nd quarter, Clausen connected with Golden Tate on 69-yard play action pass for a touchdown. After senior safety David Bruton intercepted Greg Alexander, Clausen again connected with Tate for an 18-yard touchdown in the corner of the endzone on a 3rd down and 18 play with :01 second left before the half. In the third quarter, Notre Dame continued to score, on Clausen touchdowns to running back Armando Allen on an 18-yard screen play and to Golden Tate on a 40-yard deep out pass. With the score at 42-7, Hawaii finally scored on another Alexander to Bain touchdown of 18 yards. On the ensuing kickoff, Armando Allen put any Hawaii rally to rest, scoring on a 96-yard touchdown return. Hawaii scored the final touchdown of the game with 2 minutes remaining against Notre Dame reserves.

</doc>
<doc id="20494650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494650" title="Al-Hawajir">
Al-Hawajir

The Hawajir are an influential family in Kuwaiti politics, with 4,734 voters in the fifty district.
However, only one of the fifty elected parliamentarians in the Kuwait National Assembly belongs to the Hawajir tribe: Ali Al-Hajri.
Outside of Kuwait the family is also called Bani Hajer (Family surnames: Al-Hajri, Hajeri, Hajr, Hajar, Hajir, Haji, Heji) and is a large tribe in Iraq, eastern Saudi Arabia and the Gulf States, mostly residing in Qatar and Bahrain.
They're known for their business among trade with other tribes, as well as bringing Foreign goods to Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="20494667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494667" title="Al-Fadul">
Al-Fadul

The Fadul are an influential family in Kuwaiti politics. However, only one of the fifty elected parliamentarians in the Kuwait National Assembly currently belongs to the Fadul family: Essam Al-Dabbous.

</doc>
<doc id="20494704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494704" title="Mohammed Al-Kandari">
Mohammed Al-Kandari

Mohammed Al-Kandari is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the first district. Born in 1971, Al-Kandari studied medicine before being elected to the National Assembly in 2008. While political parties are technically illegal in Kuwait, Al-Kandari affiliates with the Islamic Salafi Alliance. 
Against Celebrating Christmas in Kuwait.
On December 24, 2006, Al-Kandari told Al-Watan daily that Muslims should not wish their Christian friends "Merry Christmas." Al-Kandari argued that to do so contradicts with Islam because Christians believe Jesus was the son of God.

</doc>
<doc id="20494725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494725" title="Ronald Hickling">
Ronald Hickling

Ronald Arthur Overton Hickling (1912 – 18 October 2006) was a British ornithologist. He served as president of the Leicestershire and Rutland Ornithological Society. He died in Rothley, Leicestershire, at the age of 93.
Publications.
Books authored by Hickling include:

</doc>
<doc id="20494734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494734" title="Global Initiative for Emergency and Essential Surgical Care">
Global Initiative for Emergency and Essential Surgical Care

The Global Initiative for Emergency and Essential Surgical Care was established by the World Health Organization in December 2005. Its general purpose is to reduce “death and disability from road traffic accidents, trauma, burns, falls, pregnancy related complications, domestic violence, disasters and other emergency surgical conditions” by improving collaborations between relevant organizations, institutions, and agencies (“Global Initiative for Essential and Emergency Surgical Health Care (GIEESC)”). Specific objectives include improving basic medical supplies at district hospitals, as well as better training for staff to bolster medical standards and care.
Establishment of GIEESC.
The GIEESC is a partnership of organizations, NGO’s, institutions, and associations from third and first world countries. This partnership is working together to create solutions to and meet the Millennium Development Goals developed by the WHO—which include reducing maternal and child mortality rates, as well as reducing HIV rates—“through improvement in the quality and safety of clinical procedures (essential surgical and anaesthesia care)” ("Global Initiative").
Meeting for Creating GIEESC, Geneva, Switzerland.
In the Clinical Procedures Unit of the World Health Organization there was a recognized need for improved surgical care at, in medical terms, the first referral level health facility—typically district hospitals. The global meeting in Geneva, Switzerland, established the GIEESC to “improve emergency and essential surgical care at resource limited health care facilities” (“WHO Meeting towards A Global Initiative for Emergency and Essential Surgical Care (GIEESC)”). In attendance were experts from the fields of surgery, anesthesia, and trauma, among others, to discuss solutions to the global problem.
The first countries to benefit from the creation of GIEESC were Pakistan, Maldives, Mongolia, Vietnam, Mozambique, Ethiopia, Ghana, and Kyrgyzstan. Other countries may join upon request and a submitted proposal. The training program implemented at district hospitals to achieve the project’s goals includes a tool kit of "best practice protocols on clinical procedures safety, disaster management, HIV prevention, waste disposal, guidelines on policies, training curriculum, emergency equipment, teaching slides and videos”(“WHO Meeting”).
Mission Statement.
GIEESC’s goals include: improving the already existing training and education programs essential to executing emergency surgical care, developing district hospitals’ surgical, obstetric, trauma, and anesthesia services, training personnel with the appropriate skills to treat patients as well as continuing education to maintain those skills, and finally, developing a dependable system that facilitates access to medication and medicinal drugs ("Mission").
Challenges.
Challenges to GIEESC’s goals include: inadequate equipment to “perform simple but vital interventions such as resuscitation, the provision of oxygen, assessment of anemia, suctions, intercostal drainage and airway support,” insufficient basic supplies, the absence of specialized surgical teams, and the lack of anesthesia ("Challenges").
Strategies and Implementation.
Policies.
GIEESC’s policies require implementing a national plan to standardize district hospitals’ surgical services by including requirements for basic surgical treatment. There must be a clear commitment to educating and training health care professionals to react appropriately when dealing with surgery, trauma, obstetrics and anesthesia ("Strategies and Implementation").
Quality and Safety.
GIEESC demands national guidelines on standards for personnel, standard operating procedures, and evaluations, based on quality of actual procedures and equipment involved ("Strategies and Implementation").
Tool Kit.
The GIEESC’s toolkit for implementing procedures involves a set of five cds containing recommendations for standards in emergency surgical care in surgery, trauma, obstetrics, and anesthesia (“Integrated Management for Emergency and Essential Surgical Care (IMEESC) tool kit").
Country Reports on GIEESC.
September 24–25, 2007, in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, the World Health Organization held a second meeting on its Global Initiative for Essential and Emergency Surgical Care to discuss the initiative’s progress in certain countries. The findings are listed below by continent, and then country.
Africa.
Tanzania.
There are currently 36 million inhabitants but only 100 surgeons, and 1/3 of them have left the country. The GIEESC project started in January 2007 organized a task force to train twenty health care providers (with at least one from nine different zones) in dilation, curettage, cesarean section, and trauma management. There will be a follow-up report in a year to evaluate the education the trainers brought to their respective zones (“WHO Meeting on Global Initiative for Emergency and Essential Surgical Care (GIEESC)").
Ethiopia.
With a population of over 75 million, Ethiopia has only 144 surgeons, 31 anesthesiologists, 254 anesthesia nurses, 1124 general practitioners, 776 health officers, and 18,000 nurses. The initiative has reached only one region so far, with 9 health officers and 18 nurse anesthetists trained. By 2010 the goal is to have trained 300 general practitioners, 600 nurse anesthetists, and 300 midwives. Additionally, four medical colleges are including training materials in their curriculum (“WHO Meeting").
Gambia.
Gambia lacks sufficient staff and equipment to treat its population of 1.5 million to proper surgical care. The program is focused on training nurses in child and maternal health care, with the help of an emergency obstetrical flying squad. In the first two months of implementation 27 lives were saved(“WHO Meeting").
Ghana.
A mycobacterial skin disease occurring primarily in children under 15 years old has prompted the Buruli Ulcer program, which provides education on the treatment of the ulcers that result from the skin disease. Equipment for safe surgery, as well as refurbished health facilities are ongoing challenges(“WHO Meeting").
Mozambique.
The GIEESC has been holding courses on disaster management and polytrauma, as well as a workshop for surgical technicians, and the founding of the National Program for Infection Control(“WHO Meeting").
Uganda.
Plans for Uganda involve implementing better care to lower levels of health facilities, and providing training and surgical services to camps in rural areas(“WHO Meeting").
Zambia.
Challenges to proper surgical care in Zambia include lack of staff, poor infrastructure, inadequate supplies, and difficulty in accessing health care. A situational analysis is currently underway(“WHO Meeting").
Cote d'Ivoire.
Temporary surgical units in rural health centers have been set up, along with training of doctors there(“WHO Meeting").
Asia.
Mongolia.
Various steps have been taken to improve Mongolia’s emergency surgical care: the training of 300 primary health workers at main hospitals and 120 workers at primary health facilities, the translation of necessary WHO tools into Mongolia(“WHO Meeting").
India.
The GIEESC’s two goals for India are to train existing professionals in life saving skills, and to implement a “rural surgery” project where surgeons are trained to deal with specific surgical problems seen in rural areas(“WHO Meeting").
Kyrgyzstan.
The country’s government is currently implementing health care reform by focusing on surgery, and a WHO toolkit will be implemented at medical institutions to help(“WHO Meeting").
Middle East.
Afghanistan.
GIEESC has begun anesthesia training at two sites-Faryab and Mazir-I Sharif, and equipment was generously donated for the purpose(“WHO Meeting").
South America.
Guyana.
The country’s health care budget is being redirected toward training of health care providers at basic facilities with surgical capabilities, with essential and emergency surgical care education central to the project(“WHO Meeting").
In Conjunction With Other Initiatives.
Currently, the GIEESC is involved in various collaborations with other WHO departments: Transplantation, Health Action in Crises, Violence and Injury Prevention, Making Pregnancy Safer, Child and Adolescent Health, The Partnership for Maternal, Newborn, and Child Health, Communicable Diseases, Second Global Patient Safety Challenge: Safe Surgery Saves Lives, Health Inter Network Access to Research Initiative, Knowledge Management for Public Health, and the Clinical Procedures Unit. The GIEESC is also involved in global partnerships with: The Transplantation Society, Medecins Sans Frontiers, International Committee of the Red Cross, International Society of Orthopedic Surgery and Traumatology, Health Volunteers Overseas, Association of Surgeons of East Africa, College of Surgeons of East, Central and South Africa, International Federation of Surgical Colleges, International College of Surgeons, World Federation of Societies of Anesthesiologists, Geneva Foundation for Medical Education and Research, EHT-ESC WHO/UNICEF Statement on Anemia, and the Canadian Network for International Surgery ("Partnerships and Collaborations").

</doc>
<doc id="20494739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494739" title="Saleh Ashour">
Saleh Ashour

Saleh Ashour is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the first district. Born in 1952, Ashour studied economics and served in the Kuwaiti Air Force before being elected to the National Assembly in 1999. While political parties are technically illegal in Kuwait, Ashour affiliates with the Justice and Peace Alliance, a Shia party.
Response to Attack on Shia Mosque.
On October 10, 2005, Ashour asked the authorities to ensure protection for a Shiite mosque which was attacked by a fifty-person mob on a Friday night. The teenage mob set fire in a car in front of the mosque in al-Jahra city and threw stones at worshippers. Ashour added that the gathering raised banners against the Shiites, accusing them of helping the American forces in Iraq.
Ashour further requested that the non-citizens who took part in the incident be deported: "the young persons who took part in the incident were not small children who did not know the results of their actions or the consequences of attacking a house of God."
Critical of Redistricting.
On May 13, 2009, the parliament voted 60-2 to reduce the number of districts from 25 to five. Ashour was critical of the redistricting on the grounds that the districts were uneven in size: "No one in the chamber is opposed to the five constituencies, but there are differences about the geographic distribution." Later that week, Ashour held a rally outside the parliament building, telling the crowd: "The government bill is unfair and racist. It discriminates between Kuwaitis. It gives 70,000 Kuwaiti voters twenty MPs and the remaining 250,000 thirty MPs. Is this fair?"
Shiite Miniseries Controversy.
On September 16, 2007, Ashour and fellow Shia MP Adnan Abdulsamad spoke out against a planned Ramadan soap opera miniseries titled ‘’Sins Have a Price’’ which was to revolve around and criticize the Shiite form of temporary marriage known as "Mutaa.” In a public statement, Ashour declared that, "This would spark more disputes especially amid the spread of sectarianism in the region, evident by events in Iraq and Lebanon.”
Ashour charged that besides stoking sectarianism, the serial insults and distorts the Shia faith by mocking temporary marriage, a valid, sanctioned concept in Shiism despite the controversy and social taboos surrounding the practice.
Opposed Zakat Law.
In November 2007, the parliament voted 51-2 to approve a law requiring all Kuwaiti public and shareholding companies to pay Zakat every year. Ashour voted against the law, arguing that it was discriminatory and that Shiites should demonstrate against it: "Passage of anti-minority laws in the Parliament will force us to voice out our objections through demonstrations and we will exhaust all legal means including the media to oppose such laws." 
Criticized Education Minister Nouria al-Subeih.
On January 22, 2008, the parliament voted 27-19, with two abstentions, against the impeachment of Education Minister Nouria al-Subeih. 
In the lead-up to the vote, Ashour, Ali Al-Daqbaashi, Musallam AlـBarrak and Hussein Muzyed spoke against the minister while Khalaf Al-Enezi, Ali Al-Rashid, Mohammed Al-Sager, and Adel Al-Saraawi spoke in her defense.
Subeih had to defend herself against allegations that she had attempted to deceive the nation when she denied a press report that three male students had been sexually assaulted by an Asian worker at a state school. She explained she had been misinformed and issued an apology.
Islamist lawmaker Saad al-Shreih also accused Subeih of not showing enough respect for Islam when she did not punish a 14-year-old girl who had allegedly drawn a cross on her religion text book and scribbled notes on it that she hated Islam. The minister told the house there was no evidence the girl had actually done that and so she was just referred to counseling. Shreih, however, still managed to gather the requisite signatures of ten lawmakers to force the no-confidence vote.
Supports Women's Rights Reforms.
On April 21, 2008, Ashour addressed a seminar on women’s civil rights at Kuwait University. Ashour told the group that sharia discriminates between men and women only over a very few matters and that the Kuwaiti Constitution states that equity is a core pillar of society. Ashour blamed discrimination on habits and customs which have nothing to do with Islam. Ashour also hailed women’s acquisition of political rights in Kuwait as a positive step.
On August 11, 2008, Ashour submitted a bill that called for granting children born to Kuwaiti mothers and non-Kuwaiti fathers the Kuwaiti citizenship. He stressed that Kuwaiti women should be treated equally with men, as the Kuwaiti law automatically grants citizenship to children born to Kuwaiti fathers.

</doc>
<doc id="20494753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494753" title="East Asia School of Theology">
East Asia School of Theology

East Asia School of Theology (EAST) is an inter-denominational theological school committed to develop biblically grounded leaders of spiritual movements for the global harvest. 
EAST was established by Campus Crusade for Christ International in 1992 and is located in Singapore. The school began with the purpose of developing and equipping Christian leaders for East Asia and the world. It is a legal division of Cru Asia Ltd., a registered charity incorporated in Singapore. 
To date some 300 men and women have graduated from EAST. They are scattered across Asia and around the world. Over 90% of them continue to serve in full-time vocational ministry.
Mission.
The mission of EAST is to "develop and equip Christian leaders for the fulfillment of the Great Commission in East Asia and around the world." EAST seeks to develop leaders who are:
The school seeks to accomplish this mission through holistic learning, that is students not only learn intellectually (‘know”), their attitudes and character are also shaped (“be”) and this leads to actions (“do”). Each of the three dimensions is emphasized in the classroom and assignments as well as field ministry and internships, school retreat, ministry weekend, community life, and Mentoring Groups.
EAST is committed to be a theological school of excellence that develops biblically grounded leaders of spiritual movements for the global harvest.
Academic Programs.
The school offers the following academic programs at Certificate, Bachelor's and Master's levels.
Related Schools and Advanced Degrees.
EAST is a member of Asia Graduate School of Theology Alliance (AGST Alliance) which is made up of schools from Cambodia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Singapore and Thailand. 
AGST Alliance is a consortium that offers higher degree ThM, EdD and PhD.
Learning Environment.
The learning environment at EAST seeks to provide a conducive context for leadership formation, and development.
L - Life Transformation.
We believe Christian ministry should spring from the overflow of a vital and intimate relationship with God. At EAST the core curriculum for all students includes study of the Bible and theology. We recognize that the Scriptures were not written for information only but for transformation. As a result, each member of the EAST community is encouraged to grow in love for God, a commitment to understand and apply the Scriptures, and to live that out in relationships and ministry. The development of the character traits and biblical convictions found in 1 Timothy 2 and Titus 1 are emphasized in the classroom, mentoring relationships, community life, and ministry situations.
E - Exposure to Global Vision for the Great Commission.
EAST aspires to develop in each student a passion and vision for reaching the world for Christ. Students are exposed to the needs of the global harvest field through regular talks by missionaries, prayer times for needs of the world, field-related projects, assignments and course work, and a cross-cultural internship. EAST seeks to provide an environment that will help students develop as spiritual multipliers.
A - An Integrated Education.
As a school, we seek to emphasize the integration of character development, academics, and ministry involvement. Learning occurs not only in a classroom. All aspects of a student’s experience while at EAST can contribute to the formation and development of the spiritual leader. Classes seek to integrate not only an understanding of the Scriptures but also seek to help the student relate biblical truth to the cultural setting, relationships, and ministry.
D - Development through mentoring and modelling by faculty.
EAST is committed to a mentoring model of education. Faculty members serve as mentors to the students, teaching and modelling a lifestyle that demonstrates being a co-sojourner in faith, ministry, godly character, and academic excellence. All program students are part of a Mentoring Group led by a faculty member. As a result there are both planned and spontaneous opportunities to share life together.
E - Equipping of Spouses.
The school considers spouses of students as partners in ministry and emphasizes this familial commitment to the Lordship of Jesus Christ and to Christian service. The Partners in Ministry (PIM) program is designed to help students’ wives grow in biblical knowledge, Christian character, and ministry skills.
R - Relationships and Community Life.
EAST seeks to build an environment of caring interpersonal relationships, accountability, encouragement, and acts of grace. This is done through a shared commitment to apply biblical truths in relating to one another in the community of faith. The community emphasis at EAST also provides natural opportunities to learn to forgive others and resolve conflict. Strong relationships often form within Mentoring Groups. These groups encourage personal and spiritual growth. EAST students, who come from many nations and cultures, contribute to the overall missionary preparation and learning experience for the community. 
We recognize that apart from complete dependence on the Lord, our mission, no matter how noble, is impossible. It requires a high level of commitment by each person involved: the faculty, staff, and student body.
Location.
EAST is located at 1 Dorset Road, Singapore 219486 which is across the Kampong Java Road from KK Women's and Children's Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="20494765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494765" title="L'Olimpiade (Vivaldi)">
L'Olimpiade (Vivaldi)

"L'Olimpiade" is a dramma per musica in three acts that was composed by Antonio Vivaldi. The opera uses an Italian libretto by Pietro Metastasio that was originally written for Antonio Caldara's 1733 opera of the same name. Vivaldi's version premiered in Venice at the Teatro Sant'Angelo on 17 February 1734.
Synopsis.
Act 1.
Megacles arrives in Sicyon just in time to enter the Olympic Games under the name of Lycidas, a friend who once saved his life. Unknown to Megacles, Lycidas is in love with Aristaea, whose hand is to be offered to the winner of the games by her father, King Cleisthenes. Lycidas, once betrothed to Princess Argene of Crete, is unaware that Megacles and Aristaea already love each other, and he subsequently tells his friend of the prize. Aristaea and Megacles greet each other fondly, but Megacles now feels bound by his promise to compete as Lycidas. Meanwhile Argene arrives in Olympia disguised as a shepherdess, to win back Lycidas.
Act 2.
Megacles wins the games, confesses the truth to Aristaea and departs, broken-hearted. When Lycidas comes to claim her, Aristaea reproaches him, as does the disguised Argene, much to his dismay. Amyntas, tutor to Lycidas, reports that Megacles has drowned himself, and King Cleisthenes, apprised of the deception, banishes Lycidas.
Act 3.
Argene prevents the desperate Aristaea from suicide, Megacles is rescued by a fisherman, and Lycidas contemplates the assassination of the king. Aristaea pleads mercy for Lycidas and Argene offers herself in his place; as proof that she is a princess, she shows Cleisthenes a chain given her by Lycidas. He recognizes it as belonging to his son, abandoned in infancy to forestall the prophecy that he would kill his father. Lycidas, reinstated, accepts Argene, leaving his sister to Megacles.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="20494783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494783" title="National Chess Federation of the Philippines">
National Chess Federation of the Philippines

The National Chess Federation of the Philippines (NCFP) is a non-profit organization, the governing chess organization within the Philippines, and one of the member federations of the Fédération Internationale des Échecs.
The Philippines have produced ten chess Grandmasters (GM), including GMs Eugene Torre, Rogelio Antonio, Wesley So, Darwin Laylo, Jayson Gonzales, Bong Villamayor, Joseph Sanchez, Mark Paragua, and Nelson Mariano II (inactive). IM Ronald Dableo is GM in waiting after achieving three GM Norms, and needs to raise his Elo rating to 2500 points in order to get the full GM status.

</doc>
<doc id="20494787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494787" title="Sketch (mathematics)">
Sketch (mathematics)

In the mathematical theory of categories, a sketch is a category "D", together with a set of limit cones and a set of colimit cones. A model of the sketch in a category "C" is a functor
that takes each specified cone to a limit cone in "C" and each specified cocone to a colimit cocone in "C". Morphisms of models are natural transformations. Sketches are a general way of specifying structures on the objects of a category, forming a category-theoretic analog to the logical concept of a theory and its models. They allow multisorted models and models in any category.
Sketches were invented in 1968 by Charles Ehresmann, using a different but equivalent definition. There are still other definitions in the research literature.

</doc>
<doc id="20494788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494788" title="Bjarne Solbakken">
Bjarne Solbakken

Bjarne Solbakken (born 1977) is a retired Norwegian alpine skier from Stranda who has competed at the Olympics, World Championships and the World Cup.
Olympics.
Solbakken participated at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, where he finished fifth in super-G, sixth in giant slalom and twelfth in downhill. At the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin he competed in downhill, super-G, and giant slalom, with a twentieth place in giant slalom as best result.
World championships.
At the FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2007 he competed in super-G, downhill and giant slalom.
World Cup.
He participated in the Alpine skiing World Cup in 2003/2004, 2004/2005 and 2005/2006. His best result was at the 2004 Alpine Skiing World Cup, when he finished fourth overall in super-G, with one victory, in Beaver Creek, and one second place at Kvitfjell. He left in the summer of 2008 to pursue studies.

</doc>
<doc id="20494796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494796" title="Diversionary foreign policy">
Diversionary foreign policy

A diversionary foreign policy, or a diversionary war, is an International Relations term that identifies a war instigated by a country's leader in order to distract its population from their own domestic strife. The concept stems from the Diversionary War Theory, which states that leaders who are threatened by domestic turmoil occasionally initiate an international conflict in order to shift the nation's attention away from internal troubles. As a result, this external threat would counter the domestic strife and ensure the leader's position in power. Essentially, a diversionary use of force is a manipulation of the Rally Round the Flag Syndrome effect, causing an increase of national fervor from the general public.
Many scholars of International Relations have dedicated much research to the practical application of diversionary war. A large percentage investigates United States presidents and their disputed culpability partaking in diversionary foreign policy.
Despite the immense amount of effort and research, scholars have not yet formed a consensus of the accuracy of the theory, and empirical evidence is mixed at best.
Effects.
Intended
Generally, the pursuit of a diversionary foreign policy may offer the leader in power four benefits, all of which increase their ability to remain in power:
Negative
However, all of these benefits depend on success in the diversionary war that the government facing domestic strife incites. Failure in these international actions would backfire against the leader's initial intent. As a result, the leader would likely face more domestic strife, possibly hastening his or her loss of power 
Nevertheless, this possible negative effect is addressed in the Diversionary War Theory. The theory itself states that rational leaders facing a near inevitable removal from office become more likely to gamble on a risky diversionary war. If the existing dissatisfaction is prompting their removal from office, a diversionary foreign policy only leaves room for gain 
Evolution.
Although the theory was not officially addressed in academia until the past half-century, the benefits of a diversionary foreign policy had long been accepted by governments and others as conventional wisdom.
In 1956, Simmel and Lewis A. Coser both published work applying the in-group/out-group psychology hypothesis towards International Relations. Essentially, their work postulated that populations of nations increase their cohesion during times of conflict with an out-group (another nation, organization, etc.).
This often includes rallying around the country's leader. As an example, President George W. Bush's approval ratings soared to 80% following the attacks on September 11, 2001. This type of response suggests that leaders have an incentive to manufacture conflict whenever they are in the need of a boost of popularity.
From this assertion, scholars have used this conventional wisdom to expand and test the theory's true applications.
A significant number of studies have attempted to establish connections between the instigation of war as a way to divert attention from a struggling economy, or general low approval ratings.
In addition, the theory has diverged into contemporary and traditional perspectives.
Conditions that lead to Diversionary Foreign Policy.
The purpose of diversionary foreign policy is to divert the attention of the public away from domestic issues. This means that the conditions leading to diversionary tactics include any sort of domestic unrest. This incorporates dissatisfaction with domestic policies and poor economic conditions. The theory predicts that the use of external force will increase the chance of reelection, so it would be used during a time when the president does not seem to have a good chance of reelection. The necessary conditions of the opposing state differ based on which theory one ascribes to, traditional or contemporary. The traditional view of diversionary foreign policy suggests that a state will target another in which conflict is likely to be prolonged, which would be against states with comparable military capabilities. According to this point of view, the prospect of victory is not the most important aspect in choosing an enemy because it is based on a sociological "in-group/out-group" perspective. This refers to the increase of cohesion among the "in-group" because of the common enemy or "out-group." On the other hand, contemporary diversionary theory states that, due to the uncertainty of international relations and the high cost of war, a state is more likely to prey on a weaker state where victory will be more quickly and easily obtained 
Overall, diversionary foreign policy is more likely in a major power because they are less constrained by the international community. It is also seen more in democracies where the government needs to be more responsive to public sentiment 
Election cycles have a lot to do with diversionary wars because a war ideally increases the chance that the incumbent administration will remain 
Examples.
Pre World War II.
Russo-Japanese War: One historical example that demonstrates the conventional acceptance of the effectiveness of a diversionary war is the Russo-Japanese War of 1904. During the months leading up war, Russia experienced numerous workers strikes that lead to internal unsettledness. These strikes coincided with the Russian's negotiations with the Japanese over expansion in Manchuria and Korea. It has been argued that, as a way to distract their population, the Russian Tzar and his ministers decided to goad the Japanese into declaring war, thereby turning Japan into the needed out-group. In fact, Russia's Minister of the Interior, Vyacheslav von Phleve, stated before starting the war:
“What this country needs is a short victorious war to stem the tide of revolution.”
Clearly, at least some of the Russians in power at the time believed that by a diversionary war, they would be able to distract their population from the domestic troubles that had been haunting Russia. However, there is some evidence that the Tsar himself, and some of his advisors, did not believe that, being viewed as overmatched, Japan would be willing to go to war, and intended to use only the threat of such a conflict as a diversionary tactic.
However, the Russo-Japanese War is also in example of how a diversionary war can backfire. Japan soundly defeated Russia in battle. This only aggravated the calls for replacing the Tzar, loosened the Tzar's grip on power, and some say hastened the path toward the Russian Revolution of 1905 and eventually 1917.
The French Revolutionary Wars of 1792: In 1792, the French Government comprised a newly formed National Assembly, which had replaced King Louis XVI. In order to unify its citizens under the new flag and new leadership, the National Assembly began the French Revolutionary Wars. It first declared war on Austria, soon to be joined by Prussia.
The Franco-Prussian War: Otto von Bismarck utilized diversionary foreign policy often during his quest to unify Germany. These wars distracted the German people from the cultural difference that previously had prevented them from forming a single country. Bismarck used the success of the Franco-Prussian War in a similar fashion, officially establishing a German Empire following the siege of Paris.
Post World War II.
Many contemporary examples involve the U.S. because they fit the mold of conditions, a democratic superpower. The examples follow a similar model in which the U.S. must decide whether or not to intervene in an international conflict. Because the U.S. is in a good position to win most military conflicts, it will most likely increase the current administration's chance of reelection if they engage in military conflict.
Vietnam War (1963–1969): During a period of major social movements and widespread domestic issues within the country, the United States intervened in the conflict between North and South Vietnam under the policy of containment. This failed to unite the country. In fact, many did not see the justification in going to war and started a large anti-war movement, yet Lyndon B. Johnson was reelected while the war was taking place.
Gulf War (2 August 1990 – 28 February 1991) After Iraq invaded Kuwait, the United States deployed troops to the area and were then backed by the U.N. in "Operation Desert Storm." The conflict was quickly resolved and George Bush's approval ratings soared, although, this did not lead to his reelection.
Iraq War (March 20, 2003–present) After the attacks on September 11, the U.S. public was devastated and afraid. The economy was also not doing well. Iraq's alleged possession of weapons of mass destruction was presented as immediate threat to the United States. The occupation of Iraq was considered successful and the ongoing conflict led to George W. Bush's reelection. As the war continued and the economy worsened, Bush's approval ratings dropped.
Impact on International Relation Approaches.
Challenges to Realism and Liberalism
The focus of the Diversionary War theory on individual state actors and their domestic situations as causes for war challenges the basis of major approaches to International Relations. Many of these International Relation theories used by scholars, such as liberalism and realism, focus on states as the main actors in the international system. Technically, this is referred to as using the interstate level of analysis. These scholars attribute the motives and actions of states to the states themselves, instead of the decision makers inside their governments.
On the other hand, the use of diversionary foreign policy suggests that factors inside of a state, such as domestic disputes and economic lows, have as much of an impact on foreign policy as national interests. As a result, examinations of the use of diversionary wars shift the study of International Relations away from the interstate level of analysis, toward the domestic level of analysis, and even the individual level of analysis In fact, many critics of realism use examples of the use of diversionary wars as a means to discredit the theory 
Criticisms and Problems with the Theory.
As with most theories there are disagreements among experts regarding diversionary wars. Diversionary foreign policy is supported by anecdotal evidence because it is hard to prove a theory in international relations quantitatively. When quantitative or empirical tests are attempted, the results are fairly ambiguous and there is not enough consistency among various findings to establish a definitive conclusion 
This creates a discrepancy between the theoretical and historical text and the empirical evidence. Therefore, a good amount of criticism arises.
To begin with, there is an opposing theory that argues a state leader has the most leverage when citizens are content with domestic policy and he has high public approval ratings. It is then assumed that leaders are most likely to engage in international conflicts when the domestic approval is highest. Furthermore, some analysts argue that the entire basis for the argument, the idea that a foreign enemy brings a country together, is not as well founded as it originally seems. This idea relies heavily on sociological studies that focus on the cohesion of small groups. Problems arise when theorists try to apply this to a large group such as a nation state, which is composed of many smaller groups. In fact, there are examples of external conflict leading to more unrest between domestic groups. For example, World War I led to internal problems in Russia, eventually culminating in the Bolshevik Revolution 
Some also argue that a government cannot just incite an international conflict whenever they wish. Although there are always conflicts going on among the international community, not all are compelling enough to justify the use of force to the public and the government may even be accused of overreacting to a situation.

</doc>
<doc id="20494809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20494809" title="Ali Al-Rashid">
Ali Al-Rashid

Ali Al-Rashid is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the second district. Born in 1967, Al-Rashid worked as a lawyer before being elected to the National Assembly in 2003.
Opposed Severing Ties with Denmark.
On November 6, 2006, the parliament voted 22-15 to approve severing diplomatic ties with Denmark over the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy and spending about US$50 (€39.20) million to defend the prophet's image in the West. Both votes were nonbinding, meaning the Cabinet does not have to abide by them. Al-Rashid voted against cutting diplomatic ties, arguing that Muslims have to be positive and remember that it were some individuals, not governments, who insulted the Prophet Muhammad. Al-Rashid was quoted as saying, "We here in Kuwait curse Christians in many of our mosques, should those (Christian) countries boycott Kuwait?"
Against Bailing Out Debtors.
On December 19, 2006, parliament voted 39-20 to reject a bill that would have seen the government write off $27bn of its citizens' private debts. Al-Rashid voted against the bill, accusing its proponents of succumbing to pressure by constituents so that they would be re-elected: "It is very easy for me to become a hero and to forget Kuwait, public money, the interest of our children and future generations."
Human Rights Abuses "Made Up".
on May 13, 2007, Al-Rashid, who heads parliament’s human rights committee, was quoted as saying that servant abuse is an “exception” and some maids “make up” stories of abuse to get out of their contracts. However, he conceded the government must act more quickly to guarantee prompt payment of laborers and punish companies that “harm Kuwait’s reputation,” by not meeting their obligations.
Defended Education Minister Nouria al-Subeih.
On January 22, 2008, the parliament voted 27-19, with two abstentions, against the impeachment of Education Minister Nouria al-Subeih. 
In the lead-up to the vote, Saleh Ashour, Ali Al-Daqbaashi, Musallam AlـBarrak and Hussein Muzyed spoke against the minister while Al-Rashid, Khalaf Al-Enezi, Mohammed Al-Sager, and Adel Al-Saraawi spoke in her defense.
Subeih had to defend herself against allegations that she had attempted to deceive the nation when she denied a press report that three male students had been sexually assaulted by an Asian worker at a state school. She explained she had been misinformed and issued an apology.
Islamist lawmaker Saad al-Shreih also accused Subeih of not showing enough respect for Islam when she did not punish a 14-year-old girl who had allegedly drawn a cross on her religion text book and scribbled notes on it that she hated Islam. The minister told the house there was no evidence the girl had actually done that and so she was just referred to counseling. Shreih, however, still managed to gather the requisite signatures of ten lawmakers to force the no-confidence vote.
Pro-Coeducation.
Coeducation in Kuwait has been a contentious issue since the rise of the Islamists in parliament in the 1990s.
In 1996, conservative Kuwaiti lawmakers banned coed classes at the state universities and technical colleges, include Kuwait University. The ban prohibited mixing of the sexes in classes, libraries, cafeterias, labs and extracurricular activities at Kuwait University. Compliance was lax until lawmakers grilled Education Minister Misaed Haroun about it in April 1997, and he committed to full segregation by the end of the next school year.
In 2000, when foreign universities were first allowed to open branches in Kuwait, the ban was extended to those institutions as well.
On February 6, 2008, Al-Rashid proposed a bill that would allow men and women to take classes together in Kuwaiti universities, which would reverse the 12-year-old ban on coeducation. On the topic, Al-Rashid said: "Kuwait University was established in the 1960s as a co-ed university. Segregating students only came in 1996. If we are to go back to the origin of things, Kuwait University then is originally a co-ed facility. Religion is clear about this subject." 
On the same day that he proposed the bill, Al-Rashid allegedly received a death threat. According to Al-Rashid, an angry man left a threatening message at Al-Rashid's office. "If he doesn't withdraw the bill, seven bullets will settle the matter," Al-Rashid described the caller as saying in the course of an insult-filled rant. Al-Rashid said police told him they arrested a suspect and he was being interrogated. Soon afterwards, police told Al-Rashid that they had apprehended and were interrogating a suspect in the threat, a retired civil servant.
According to Al-Rashid, university teachers and officials have complained it has been difficult and costly to teach male and female students separately. Among Kuwait’s neighbors, state universities are coed in Bahrain and Oman, but segregated in Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates. Conservative lawmakers want to extend the ban to foreign primary and secondary schools. Kuwaiti primary and secondary schools are already gender segregated. 
On February 28, 2008, political activist and Kuwait University professor Dr Mohammad Dohaim Al-Deferi slammed Al-Rashid's push for coeducation, arguing that even prominent figures like US President George W Bush supported the idea of establishing schools that segregated the sexes. He further argued that MPs should concentrate more on other important issues and implement developmental plans, instead of attracting undue attention toward silly issues that are not beneficial.
Supports Government Funds for College Tuition.
On September 28, 2008, Al-Rashid, along with MPs Abdullah Al-Roumi, and Adel Al-Saraawi have proposed a draft law which suggests that the government fund Kuwaiti students' higher education at private colleges. According to the bill, the government would bear half of the expenses for students enrolled in private universities in Kuwait, excluding Kuwait University.

</doc>
