<doc id="20505615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505615" title="Richard I. Morimoto">
Richard I. Morimoto

Richard I. Morimoto is the Bill and Gayle Cook Professor of Biology, Department of Molecular Biosciences, and Director of the Rice Institute for Biomedical Research at Northwestern University, Evanston, IL.
Education and Academic Career.
He holds a B.S. from the University of Illinois at Chicago, received a Ph.D. in Biology (laboratory of Professor Murray Rabinowitz) from the University of Chicago in 1978, and conducted postdoctoral research (laboratory of Professor Matthew Meselson) and was a Tutor in Biochemical Sciences at Harvard University in Cambridge, MA. In 1982, Morimoto joined the faculty of the Department of Biochemistry, Molecular Biology, and Cell Biology at Northwestern University in Evanston, IL. He served previously as the Chair of Biochemistry, Molecular Biology, and Cell Biology, the Dean of The Graduate School, and the Associate Provost of Graduate Education at Northwestern University.
Morimoto's Science.
Morimoto is widely recognized for his research on the regulation of the heat shock stress response and the function of molecular chaperones. His current research is to understand how organisms sense and respond to physiologic and environmental stress through the activation of genetic pathways that integrate stress responses with molecular and cellular responses that determine cell growth and cell death. The stress of misfolded and damaged proteins influences neuronal function and lifespan at the level of the organism. Consequently, these studies provide a molecular basis to elucidate the underlying mechanisms of neurodegenerative diseases including Huntington's disease, Parkinson's disease, ALS, and Alzheimer's disease. His laboratory has published over 250 papers and three monographs including two books on the Heat Shock Response and Molecular Chaperones from Cold Spring Harbor Press. During that period he received two MERIT awards from the National Institutes of Health and has been supported by the grants from the National Institutes for General Medical Science, National Institutes of Aging, National Institutes for Neurological Diseases and Stroke, American Cancer Society, Huntington's Disease Society of America, the Hereditary Disease Foundation, and the ALS Association. In addition to giving frequent talks at universities and scientific symposia throughout the world, he has been a Visiting Professor at the Technion University in Israel, Osaka University, Kyoto University, University of Rome, Beijing University, Åbo Akademi University in Finland, and École Normale Supérieure in Paris. He is a founder of Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc. in Cambridge, MA, a biotech company that is discovering and developing novel small molecule therapeutics designed to control the body’s protein homeostasis. These novel therapies are designed to treat multiple degenerative disorders such as Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson's disease, Huntington’s disease, cancer, and type II diabetes.
In Pop Culture.
The Morimoto lab captured the innate intelligence of C. elegans when a post doc in the lab told them to smile. Since they cannot smile individually (as they lack a face), they formed a smile on the culture plate as a group, proving that not only do they have ears, but also they can work in groups.

</doc>
<doc id="20505631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505631" title="Mark Williams (baseball)">
Mark Williams (baseball)

Mark Westley Williams is a former professional baseball outfielder. He played in three games for the Oakland Athletics of Major League Baseball in 1977, going 0-for-2 with 1 RBI. Born in Elmira, NY the last of three children for Virgina and David Williams. 
Retired in 1977 after losing interest in baseball after finding out that he suffered from anti-social disorder and allergic to egoistic inflation. Later attended West Point Military Academy, and Elmira College receiving a masters degree.
Now can be found hiking numerous trials in upstate New York under trail name "Let Me Be!" 
Sources.
Left Professional Baseball in 1977 after losing interest in the game.

</doc>
<doc id="20505637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505637" title="Humphrey Critchley-Salmonson">
Humphrey Critchley-Salmonson

Humphrey Seymour Ramsay Critchley-Salmonson, born at Preston in Dorset on 19 January 1894 and died at Ottery St Mary, Devon on 24 April 1956, played first-class cricket intermittently over an 18-year period for Somerset. He later played two first-class matches for Sir Julien Cahn's XI in Argentina.
Critchley-Salmonson was a right-handed lower order batsman and a right-arm fast-medium bowler. He appeared first for Somerset as a 16-year-old in 1910, having impressed as a fast bowler at Winchester College. "He came in of a lengthy run and delivered the ball with a windmill action that brought added fear to callow and timorous fifth-form batsmen," says one account of his arrival at Somerset. He played two matches in 1910, and two more in 1912, and then disappeared from first-class cricket for a dozen years, during which time he lived and played cricket in Argentina, representing the country with some success in international non-first-class matches: he took five Brazilian wickets for 43 runs in one international innings. 
He returned to Somerset in 1924, playing nine County Championship matches, eight of them at home, in the second half of the season. "Both the pace and the enthusiasm had waned," wrote Somerset's historian. But he took 18 wickets including five for 23 in an innings when Sussex were bowled out for 58 on a damp pitch at Weston-super-Mare. And when Somerset hit the county's then-highest innings total, 675 for nine declared, against Hampshire at Bath, Critchley-Salmonson contributed 66, batting at No 9 and increasing his own personal highest score sixfold. After 1924, he disappeared from county cricket apart from one single appearance for Somerset against Surrey at The Oval in 1928, when he scored 32 and 0 and took one wicket. 
Thereafter, Critchley-Salmonson appeared in first-class cricket only in two matches on a tour of Argentina by Sir Julien Cahn's XI in 1929-30: he also played in minor matches on this tour, and for Cahn's XI in minor matches in Ireland and England over the next couple of years.
External links.
Humphrey Critchley-Salmonson at www.cricketarchive.com

</doc>
<doc id="20505638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505638" title="Kaye Dacus">
Kaye Dacus

Kaye Dacus is an author and editor who has been writing fiction for more than twenty years. Her first novel, "Stand-In Groom", was published by Barbour Publishing with a release date of January 1, 2009. Subsequent titles in the Bonneterre Brides series are "Menu for Romance" (July 2009) and "A Case for Love" (Spring 2010).
Background.
Dacus was born Katherine Nell Dacus in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, in 1971. In 1972, her father, an officer in the U.S. Army, was transferred to Ft. Richardson in Anchorage, Alaska, where the family lived until 1975. From 1975 through 1989, the family lived in New Mexico. Dacus graduated from Las Cruces High School in May 1989. Immediately thereafter, she moved back to Baton Rouge to attend college at Louisiana State University. In 1992, shortly after Hurricane Andrew, Dacus withdrew from school and moved to Chantilly, Virginia, to live with her parents and work full-time. In 1996, Dacus moved to Nashville, Tennessee. From 1996 through 2006, she worked in the retail advertising department at The Tennessean newspaper. In 2006, she left the newspaper to work for Ideals Publications, a book publishing company, as an editor. Dacus and others were laid off from the publishing house in July 2008.
In May 2004, Dacus graduated from Trevecca Nazarene University with a Bachelor of Arts in English with a concentration on Professional Writing, as a part-time student while working full-time. After graduating, she immediately enrolled in graduate school. In June 2006, she received her Master of Arts in Writing Popular Fiction from Seton Hill University. Her thesis novel, "Happy Endings Inc.", became her first published novel, re-titled "Stand-In Groom".
In 2001, Dacus joined American Christian Fiction Writers (then, American Christian Romance Writers). In 2004, she was elected to serve the organization as Volunteer Officer, and in 2005, she was elected to serve as Vice President of American Christian Fiction Writers. Due to time commitments from working full-time while also attending graduate school, Dacus resigned as Vice President in October 2005, after the national conference. Dacus is still an active member of ACFW as well as Romance Writers of America.
In 2004, along with three other authors, Dacus co-founded Middle Tennessee Christian Writers. Since then, Dacus has served as the organization's president. She also teaches a two-hour writing workshop at the group's monthly meeting.
In addition to being a multiply published author, Dacus works as a freelance editor.

</doc>
<doc id="20505643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505643" title="Cliff Mardulier">
Cliff Mardulier

Cliff Mardulier (born 22 September 1982 in Edegem) is a Belgian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20505645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505645" title="Beach Haven School District">
Beach Haven School District

The Beach Haven School District is a community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through sixth grade from Beach Haven, in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States. 
As of the 2010-11 school year, the district and its one school had a total enrollment of 74 students and 9.5 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 7.79:1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "FG", the fourth highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
For grades 7 through 12, public school students attend the Southern Regional School District, which serves the five municipalities in the Long Beach Island Consolidated School District, along with students from Beach Haven and Stafford Township, as well as the sending district of Ocean Township. Schools in the district (with 2010-11 enrollment from the National Center for Education Statistics) are
Southern Regional Middle School (grades 7 and 8; 1,008 students) and
Southern Regional High School (grades 9 - 12; 2,023 students). Both schools are located in the Manahawkin section of Stafford Township.
School.
Beach Haven Elementary School, the district's lone school, served 75 students in Pre-Kindergarten through 6th grade as of the 2010-11 school year.
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:
Ms. Eva Marie Raleigh came to Beach Haven School as Chief School Administrator in 2013  from 2 year administrative stints at Hillside School District and Salem County Special Services School District. Her administrative tenure was no stranger to controversy, even being peripherally mentioned in a complaint to the NJ School Ethics Commission in 2008. 
This administrative philosophy continued in Beach Haven, where she began her position as Chief School Administrator on July 1, 2013. On July 15, 2013,  Ms. Raleigh spoke to News 12 New Jersey of parents asking why she was cutting positions to combine grades, "if they want to go to other schools, let them go." Ms. Raleigh's response suggested that it was unreasonable to suggest she could explain her staffing decisions as "she had not even met her staff yet." However, Ms. Raleigh was at a conference with said staff while making this statement via a phone call to reporter Karla Bardinas of News 12 NJ on 7/15/13.
Administrative concerns still exist to date, with Board of Education curriculum not being followed at the direction of Ms. Raleigh. Additionally, Ms. Raleigh recommended firing existing staff and recommended hiring her former colleagues, including a a consultant for related services,  a school psychologist, an LDTC , and most recently a technology position reconfigured to meet the certifications of a colleague from Lakehurst. This agenda has created disruption for already affected children. 

</doc>
<doc id="20505657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505657" title="Ali Al-Daqbaashi">
Ali Al-Daqbaashi

Ali Salim Al-Daqbasi is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the fourth district. Born in 1965, Al-Daqbasi studied management before being elected to the National Assembly in 2003. While political parties are technically illegal in Kuwait, Al-Daqbasi affiliates with the Islamist deputies. He is on good terms with the royal family and is a member of the Al-Rashaydah tribe.
Criticized Education Minister Nouria al-Subeih.
On January 22, 2008, the parliament voted 27-19, with two abstentions, against the impeachment of Education Minister Nouria al-Subeih. 
In the lead-up to the vote Al-Daqbaashi, Musallam AlـBarrak, Saleh Ashour and Hussein Muzyed spoke against the minister while Khalaf Al-Enezi, Ali Al-Rashid, Mohammed Al-Sager, and Adel Al-Saraawi spoke in her defense.
Subeih had to defend herself against allegations that she had attempted to deceive the nation when she denied a press report that three male students had been sexually assaulted by an Asian worker at a state school. She explained she had been misinformed and issued an apology.
Islamist lawmaker Saad al-Shreih also accused Subeih of not showing enough respect for Islam when she did not punish a 14-year-old girl who had allegedly drawn a cross on her religion text book and scribbled notes on it that she hated Islam. The minister told the house there was no evidence the girl had actually done that and so she was just referred to counseling. Shreih, however, still managed to gather the requisite signatures of ten lawmakers to force the no-confidence vote.

</doc>
<doc id="20505661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505661" title="Stockholm municipal election, 1988">
Stockholm municipal election, 1988

The Stockholm municipal election of 1988 was held on 18 September 1988 concurrently with the 1988 Swedish parliamentary election. This election used a party-list proportional representation system to allocate the 101 seats of the Stockholm City Council ("Stockholms stadsfullmäktige") amongst the various Swedish political parties. Voter turnout was 81.4%.
The Swedish Centre Party returned to the Stockholm City Council this year after dismal results in 1985 deprived them of a mandate.
This election is the fourth in which the Stockholm Party succeeded in winning seats on the Stockholm City Council. It marks the high-water mark of the Stockholm Party's electoral success.

</doc>
<doc id="20505665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505665" title="Deer Island (Kivalliq Region)">
Deer Island (Kivalliq Region)

Deer Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian Arctic islands in the Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is one of several islands located in Chesterfield Inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="20505683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505683" title="Hockley railway station">
Hockley railway station

Hockley railway station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20505698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505698" title="Hussein Quwaian Al-Mutairi">
Hussein Quwaian Al-Mutairi

Hussein Quwaian Al-Mutairi is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the fourth district. Born in 1968, Al-Mutairi worked as a doctor before being elected to the National Assembly in 2008. While political parties are technically illegal in Kuwait, Al-Mutairi affiliates with the Islamist and tribal deputies. He is a member of the Al-Mutairi tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="20505716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505716" title="Royal Exile">
Royal Exile

Royal Exile is the first novel in the Valisar trilogy, by Australian fantasy author Fiona McIntosh. It was first published in September 2008 by HarperVoyager "Royal Exile" follows the story of Leo, a young Valisar Royal whose world is destroyed by the Barbarian, Loethar, as he attempts to win back his throne and rid his land of the evil barbarian horde. The story is continued in "A Tyrant's Blood".
Plot introduction.
Led by Loethar, an ambitious and ruthless tyrant, a terrifying army of mercenaries and renegades from the great southern steppes threatens to overwhelm the Kingdom of Penraven - the army has already overthrown its two neighbouring realms and left a trail of devastation and broken lives in their wake.
Penraven is Loethar's most desired prize. It has wealth, a safe harbour, an extensive coastline, and abundant natural resources, but the tyrant wants more than this and more than just a crown. Driven by dreams of empire, fuelled by his increasing obsession with magic, Loethar's plan to overthrow King Brennus of Penraven, 8th of the Valisars, was cemented the hour he learned that Brennus possessed the power of coercion. 
All Valisar heirs have been blessed down the ages with the sinister ability to bend people entirely to their will. Loethar is convinced that if he consumes these empowered people he will then be imbued with their skills and magics... and be unstoppable.
Plot summary.
Royal Exile begins with the capture of Barronel at the hands of Loethar, a barbarian warlord from the Likurian Steppes, who has his sights set on the illusive realm of Penraven.
Fearful, now that its neighbours have been captured, King Brennus of Penraven sees to the birth of his daughter, to whom he declares deceased. Legate Regor De Vis, and his twin sons Corbel and Gavriel are called to bare witness to Brennus’ cunning plan. Choosing Corbel to whisk away his ‘deceased’ daughter, the task of protecting Brennus’ only ‘true’ son Leonel is given to Gavriel, who accepts with hesitance. With Loethar descending upon Penraven, both Regor De Vis and King Brennus are slain. Freath, Queen Iselda’s aide, betrays the Valisar family, and in turn is granted ownership of his Queen. Loethar takes a liking to Piven, the Valisar’s adopted son, likening him to an animal. 
Corbel meets with the mysterious Sergius, before he descends into the wonders of magic. His twin brother Gavriel finds solitude within the secret passageways within Penraven with the young heir at his side. Queen Iselda is forced to watch Loethar eat her husband’s remains, before she is later killed. Meanwhile, Loethar has been gathering the Vested, people marked with special abilities. Freath uses his newly gained position to claim two Vested, of which he chooses Clovis and Kirin. Loethar becomes engaged to Valya, much to his mother’s distaste, though he is quick to remind Dara Negev, that it was Valya’s brain which allowed him to capture Penraven. 
It is later revealed that Freath is working with Genrie, a household servant and unrequited love of Gavriel, in an attempt of stopping Loethar, and finding the mysterious Aegis, who is said to be bonded with the Valisar heir who is granted the power of coercion. Gavriel and Leo escape Penraven and find themselves in the aide of Lily and her father, who is suffering from leprosy. Later, Lily joins the pair as they search to seek out Kilt Faris, a highwayman and renegade, who had been given aide by Brennus in order of taking Leo under his wing if Penraven would ever fall. 
Gavriel is later separated from Leo and finds himself in the care of Elka, though it is clear that he has no memories of who he really is, stating his name to be that of his father’s, “Regor.” Genrie is later killed to prove that Freath is loyal to Loethar, and thus protecting her lover. 
Leo arrives at the Stone of Truth to pledge his vow to Cyrena, and learns the truth of his sister. Leo is granted the power he needs to stop Loethar for good.
Characters.
Prince Leonel (Leo): First born son of Brennus and Iselda. At the beginning of Royal Exile, Leo is somewhat naive to the world around him, and is thrust into uncertainty following his father's death at the hands of Loethar. Aided by Gavriel De Vis, Leo is forced to mature rather quickly, for as fate would have it, he is the only remaining heir of the Valisar line, and is therefore his duty to avenge his father, and reclaim the throne of Penraven.
Prince Piven: Adopted son of Brennus and Iselda. Piven is an enigma, and for the most part of the novel, is depicted as a "halfwit". Later, following Loethar's invasion of Penraven, Piven is subjected to being Loethar's pet. 
King Brennus the 8th: 8th king of the Valisars. Killed by Loethar. Brennus was cunning enough to create an elaborate plan for his son Leo, if in the case of Loethar succeeding. This included a way of escape from Penraven, and aid from the highwayman Kilt Faris. Brennus is also responsible for hiding the truth of his daughter's "death", though for the most part, his motives remain a mystery.
Queen Iselda: Wife of Brennus. She is the daughter of a Romean prince from Romea in Galinsea. Comes from the line of King Falza. The Queen is portrayed as a beautiful woman, who had an affection for even their adopted son Piven. She is a broken woman following Brennus' death, to which she is forced to watch Loethar consume him. She is later killed as an act of mercy by Freath.
Legate Regor De Vis: Right-hand man of the king. Father to Gavriel and Corbel. Regor was a kind-hearted man who cared deeply for his King. Following the death of his wife, Regor raised his two sons without hesitation. He is later killed in the barbarian invasion.
Gavriel (Gav) De Vis: First-born twin brother of Corbel. He is the champion of the Cohort. Gav is a womaniser for the most part, and always looking for fun. He has a fond affection for Genrie, despite her resistance to his charm. Gav is assigned by Brennus to protect Leo, and does so, not only as a guardian or best friend, but as a blood brother to the young King. Later, he begins to fall for Lily, who once again, doesn't seem to have the same affection. He then loses his memories and assumes the identity of his late father, Regor De Vis.
Corbel (Corb) De Vis: Twin brother of Gavriel. Not much is known about Corb, and for the most part, he doesn't appear in Royal Exile. Assigned to whisking away Brennus "deceased" daughter, Corb seeks out Sergius before descending into a realm of magic.
Loethar: Tribal warlord. Loethar's main objective is to claim the Valisar gift of Coercion, which he believes can be given by consuming one of the royal bloodline. He has an icy relationship with his mother, and his future fiance Valya. His true motives behind wanting the charm is yet to be revealed, as is the majority of his past. 
Valya of Droste: Loethar’s lover. The brains behind Loethar's schemes, also plans on wedding Loethar, much to his mother's hesitation. Valya had a deep hatred for Queen Iselda. 
Dara Negev: Loethar’s mother. Somewhat cruel in nature, Dara Negev detests Valya and her relationship with Loethar. 
Freath: Queen Iselda’s aide. Lover of Genrie. Freath is an enigmatic character, and is at first viewed as morally corrupt, seemingly betraying the Valisar line to which he has dedicated his life, in order of winning Loethar's favour. It is later revealed that he is attempting to find the Aegis, to which may help aid Leo in his fight against Loethar. He is also Genrie's lover. 
Genrie: a household maid. Unrequited love of Gavriel and lover of Freath. Later deceased. She wins the affections of Gav, though her feelings are not mutual. At first, she is a hardened character who is blunt and poignant. She is in league with Freath, and loves him dearly. She is later killed showing her devotion to the man she loves. 
Clovis: A master diviner from Vorgraven. A timid man who is broken following his family's death at the hands of Loethar. Clovis meets Kirin whilst in captivity, and under Kirin's plan, wins the attention of Freath, who takes them in as his own. They are searching for the Aegis. 
Kirin Felt: A Vested. Can pry. Kirin's ability comes at a price, yet allows him and fellow Vested, Clovis to attend to Freath's devised plan. He has an affection for Clovis, and the two develop a strong friendship.
Kilt Faris: A highwayman and renegade. Later sworn to protect Leo. He was given leeway by King Brennus in return for helping to protect Leo when the time came. 
Lilyan (Lily): Daughter of Greven. Aides Leo and Gav. Daughter to a leper, Lily has lived her life in solitude, which is interrupted when she catches Gav and Leo releasing a hare she was hunting. Instead, she seeks to aid the pair when Loethar's men arrive, seeking them out. Greven, tells Lily that she must continue on their journey, and help them seek out Kilt Faris. 
Sergius: A minion of Cyrena. Not too much is known about Sergius, although he was responsible for spiriting Corb and Brennus' daughter away.
Cyrena: The serpent denoted on the Penraven Crest. It is said she made a pact with the first Valisar King Cormoron, presenting him with the Coercion ability. Leo makes a pact with her at the Stone of Truth, and the Valisar line is once again reinforced.
Setting.
Royal Exile is set on the Denova Set, though mentions throughout its neighbours Percheron and Galinsea from the Percheron Trilogy.
The Denova Set is:
Barronel, Cremond, Dregon, Gormand, Medhaven, Penraven, Vorgraven.
Collector's Edition.
It has been announced that not only will Royal Exile be published in hardback for UK readers, but there will also be a Collector's Edition Boxed Hardback. The edition will feature coloured illustrations of memorable scenes within the novel and other images, including the Valisar crest, by Australian artist Greg Bridges (responsible for the cover art of McIntosh's Percheron trilogy). The Collector's Edition may also feature a short story on Cormoron, the First King of the Valisars. An expanded glossary and other additional pieces have also been added. The Collector's Edition will be available in early 2009.
Reception.
"Royal Exile" has been received spectacularly nationwide, with many reviews remarking on Fiona McIntosh's tight use of prose, and evolution throughout each of her four mainstream fantasy trilogies.
"Within McIntosh's world heroes, animals, magicians and highwaymen all have a part to play and all have a particular language and set of beliefs that hold firm for the entire book. It is this inventiveness and the consistency with which it is applied that gives McIntosh her credibility as a fantasy writer." - "Dianne Dempsey" 
The author herself has also stated that "Royal Exile" may actually be her favourite of her four series, besting the most popular, The Quickening. Whilst the character of Loethar has been credited at being the most intriguing villain. 
Robin Hobb, states: 
"Two words on the cover - "Fiona McIntosh" - always let me know that I'm in for a good read"

</doc>
<doc id="20505717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505717" title="Mohammed Al-Rasheedi">
Mohammed Al-Rasheedi

Mohammed Al-Rasheedi is a member of the yemeni National Assembly, representing the fourth district. Born in 1964, Dr. Al-Rasheedi obtained a PhD in law and worked in education training before being elected to the National Assembly in 2008. While political parties are technically illegal in Kuwait, Al-Rasheedi affiliates with the Islamist deputies. He is a member of the Al-Rashaydah tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="20505729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505729" title="Terenzo Bozzone">
Terenzo Bozzone

Terenzo Bozzone (born 1 March 1985) is a professional triathlete from New Zealand who races primarily in long distance, non-drafting events. He is the winner of the 2008 Ironman 70.3 World Championship.
Athletic career.
Bozzone was born in South Africa and moved to New Zealand with his family as a young boy. He was a talented athlete at school winning many national titles in a variety of disciplines including cross country running, cycling, swimming and multisport. After finishing school he focused on multisport and won the 2001 & 2002 Junior Men's Elite Duathlon World Championship and the 2002 & 2003 Junior Men's Elite Triathlon World Championship.
Bozzone holds the current course record for the Wildflower Triathlon set in 2006. Bozzone completed the half-Ironman distance in 3 hours, 53 minutes and 43 seconds, beating the previous record by 6 minutes.
In 2008, Bozzone capped off a successful year by winning the Ironman 70.3 World Championships in Clearwater, Florida setting a then course record of 3:40:10. Bozzone then spent the next couple of years battling an Achilles tendon injury. In 2013, he capped off a good season of racing with a second place finish at 2013 Ironman 70.3 World Championships.
Achievements in other sports.
He also represented his country successfully in athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="20505741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505741" title="Mohammed Hayef AlـMutairi">
Mohammed Hayef AlـMutairi

Mohammed Hayef Al-Mutairi is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the fourth district. Born in 1964, Al-Mutairi studied Islamic studies and served in the Kuwait Municipality before being elected to the National Assembly in 2008. While political parties are technically illegal in Kuwait, Al-Mutairi affiliates with Islamist deputies. 
Pro-Hijab Walkout.
On June 1, 2008, Al-Mutairi, Waleed AlـTabtabaie, Jamaan Al-Harbash, and six other MPs walked out of the swearing in ceremony of Modhi al-Homoud and Nouria al-Subeih, two new female Cabinet ministers who were not wearing headscarves. Al-Mutairi said that the two female ministers "were not abiding by sharia."
Opposed Guaranteeing Bank Deposits.
On October 28, 2008, the parliament voted 50-7 to insure all types of deposits in all local banks within Kuwait. Al-Mutairi opposed the bill, along with Jabir Al-Azmi, Hussein AlـQallaf Al-Bahraini, Daifallah Bouramiya, Mohammed Al-Obaid, Musallam AlـBarrak and Waleed AlـTabtabaie. Al-Mutairi accused the Cabinet of speeding up the bill's passage for the benefit of monetary tycoons.
Request to Grill Prime Minister Nasser.
In November 2008, Al-Mutairi joined with fellow Islamist MPs Waleed AlـTabtabaie and Mohammed AlـMutair in filing a request to grill Prime Minister Nasser Mohammed Al-Ahmed Al-Sabah for allowing prominent Iranian Shiite cleric Mohammad Baqir al-Fali to enter Kuwait despite a legal ban. The ban was later repealed by the state court-system.
Protested Against Israeli Attacks.
On December 28, 2008, Kuwaiti lawmakers Mikhled Al-Azmi, Musallam Al-Barrak, Marzouq Al-Ghanim, Jaaman Al-Harbash, Ahmad Al-Mulaifi, Mohammad Hayef Al-Mutairi, Ahmad Al-Saadoun, Nasser Al-Sane, and Waleed Al-Tabtabaie protested in front of the National Assembly building against the attacks by Israel on Gaza. Protesters burned Israeli flags, waved banners reading, "No to hunger, no to submission" and chanted "Allahu Akbar". Israel launched air strikes against Hamas in the Gaza Strip on December 26 after a six-month ceasefire ended on December 18.

</doc>
<doc id="20505749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505749" title="Hanno R. Ellenbogen Citizenship Award">
Hanno R. Ellenbogen Citizenship Award

The Hanno R. Ellenbogen Citizenship Award is given annually to people who have dedicated their lives to public service. It was established in 2000 by the Prague Society for International Cooperation and the Global Panel Foundation and is named in honor of the Prague Society's President Marc S. Ellenbogen's mother. The award comes with a 150,000 crown cash prize, which the award recipient passes on to a young person who is embarking on his/her career who has already contributed to the development of international relations. For instance when the Czech Philharmonic Orchestra won the award in 2000 the cash prize was given to Lukas Vondracek, an aspiring musician at the time, to support him in his studies.

</doc>
<doc id="20505752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505752" title="WINKS">
WINKS

WINKS is an acronym for "Women with Incomes and No Kids", in the same vein as other market segments described by family situation, such as DINK (Dual Income No Kids).
Market importance.
Households headed by women have increased in market importance substantially over the last fifty years. Since 1950 the number of female head of households has increased fourfold, and by 2010 the number of female-headed households will be well above 31 million. Historically, many of these female heads of household have been divorced or widowed, and have not been in prime positions to drive major purchasing decisions (such as home-buying). However, recent RCLCO research into the real estate decisions of Generation Y – those born between 1977 and 1996 – reveals a large proportion of single Gen Y women, who as a group are beginning to outpace their male counterparts with respect to earning and purchasing power, making the decision to purchase their homes by themselves in advance of marriage or children. These Women with Incomes and No Kids (WINKs) may represent 70% of all women aged 20–28 today, and may represent 34% of all Gen Y by 2015. This represents a marked departure from the historical patterns of home-purchasing and could potentially have a large impact on how the industry thinks about its customer base. 
RCLCO’s national consumer research into Gen X and Gen Y households uncovered a significant segment of young female-headed households with a very strong preference for living in urban or urban-lite settings. (The latter describes areas that provide walkable environs but which may not be located in a city.) The bulk of this preference emanates from women ranging in age from 26 to 29; while this group includes both renters and owners, this ‘older’ group is just the tip of the iceberg known as Gen Y and renters in this subset do plan on purchasing a home in the next two to three years. These women are highly-educated; hold professional jobs and over half have incomes of over $50,000 per year. 
According to our data, 87% of this group greatly prefers urban areas as well as areas termed “urban-lite”. The reasons for their decisions are manifold, but suffice to say that convenience is key. Approximately 95% indicate that they would prefer an urban or “urban-lite” environ in order to be in very close proximity to their jobs - and over 92% desire the ability to walk from home to work. These women are career-minded. Approximately 60% of these women choose between urban locations based on job availability. 58% will move to another urban area for their job and 65% would even settle in a less than ideal home if they could walk to work. 
That being said, work isn’t the only factor. These women want to be able to walk to dining, entertainment and of course, shopping – these women have a strong desire to be in a location where walking is always an option. In fact, 60% find it a 'vital’ component of where they choose to live and would be willing to pay a premium for what is now considered a luxury. 
These motivations can be tapped into by developers not just by location, but also by choices in amenity packages as well as attention to detail in the homes. One interest of WINKs that resonates overwhelmingly is the need to be physically active – working out and other recreational pursuits are very important to this group. Potentially, there are ways to cater to this demand, which may exhibit preferences for bigger and better fitness centers, access to running and biking trails or softer programming with creation of community running groups, yoga instruction, or hiking excursions. Many easy changes can be made to current developments (i.e. expanding the soft programming of amenity packages) while some will require a full overhaul of product programs and marketing messages. Developers that take note of this group’s strength today may do well in years to come – according to RCLCO analysis, this group is not going away but instead increasing in their presence and could make up 30% of tomorrow’s Gen Y home-purchasing market.

</doc>
<doc id="20505758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505758" title="Jeroen Verhoeven">
Jeroen Verhoeven

Jeroen Verhoeven () (born 30 April 1980 in Naarden) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for FC Utrecht in the Dutch Eredivisie. After leaving Ajax in July 2012, he had been training with FC Utrecht for a couple of months, which eventually signed him for three years on 28 September 2012.
Career.
He started his career in Ajax's youth academy, between 2002 and 2009, he played for FC Volendam. In July 2009, AFC Ajax signed the goalkeeper from FC Volendam on a three-year deal, meaning Verhoeven returned to Amsterdam after seven years. Ajax contracted him as backup for Maarten Stekelenburg and Kenneth Vermeer. He made his debut for Ajax in the Eredivisie on 24 October 2010, coming on as a second half substitute for the injured Stekelenburg helping his team hold a 2–2 draw with Excelsior by making three saves in the last minutes.
Verhoeven is often teased about his girth, which is uncharacteristic for a keeper, by opposing fans. In one match against ADO Den Haag during the 2010–11 season, the home supporters showered him with chants of "Pizza!" when he touched the ball.

</doc>
<doc id="20505767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505767" title="Rija Hujailan Al-Mutairi">
Rija Hujailan Al-Mutairi

Rija Hujailan Al-Mutairi is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the fourth district. Born in 1941, Al-Mutairi studied management and worked in the Ministry of Education before being elected to the National Assembly in 2008. Al-Mutairi is an Independent deputy and is a member of the Al-Mutairi tribe.
Supported Guaranteeing Bank Deposits.
On October 28, 2008, the parliament voted 50-7 to insure all types of deposits in all local banks within Kuwait. Al-Mutairi supported the bill, arguing that its passage would assuage people's fear of losing their deposits and rebuild their trust in Kuwait's economy during the financial crisis.

</doc>
<doc id="20505779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505779" title="Boulder Island">
Boulder Island

Boulder Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is one of several islands located in Chesterfield Inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="20505796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505796" title="Saad al-Khanfour al-Rasheedi">
Saad al-Khanfour al-Rasheedi

Saad AlـKhanfour Al-Rasheedi is a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly, representing the fourth district. Born in 1965, Al-Rasheedi worked at the Interior Ministry before being elected to the National Assembly in 2008. Al-Rasheedi is an Independent deputy and is a member of the Al-Rashaydah tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="20505800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505800" title="Activity-based communication analysis">
Activity-based communication analysis

Activity-based communication analysis (ACA) is constituted as an interdisciplinary approach for analyzing social activity inspired by areas such as philosophy, linguistics, anthropology, psychology and sociology. It was originally coined by Jens Allwood. ACA has evolved from a criticism of some shortcomings in texts put forward by scholars (such as Wittgenstein; Austin; Searle; Sacks; Grice; Sinclair & Coulthard).

</doc>
<doc id="20505807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505807" title="Indiana State Treasurer">
Indiana State Treasurer

The Indiana Treasurer of State is a constitutional and elected office in the executive branch of the government of Indiana. The treasurer is responsible for managing the finances of the U.S. state of Indiana. The position was filled by appointment from 1816 until the adoption of the new Constitution of Indiana in 1851, which made the position filled by election. As of 2009, there have been fifty-three treasurers. The incumbent Treasurer is Richard Mourdock.
Term limits and qualification.
The Indiana State Treasurer is a constitutional office first established in the 1816 Constitution of Indiana, and was made largely to mirror the position of the treasurer during Indiana's territorial period. Between 1816 and until 1851, the treasurer was nominated by the governor and confirmed by the state senate. With adoption of the current constitution in 1851 the treasurer's office was filled by a public statewide election every four years.
Treasurers take office on February 10 following their election and hold office for four years. Should they resign, be impeached, or die in office the governor has the power to appoint a temporary treasurer to serve until the next general election. The new treasurer, either appointed to elected may only complete the term of the previous treasurer, not serve a new four-year term. A treasurer may be elected to consecutive terms, but may serve no more than eight years in any twelve-year period. As of 2007, the salary for the treasurer is $66,000 annually.
Powers.
The treasurer's powers are both constitutional and statutory. The treasurer's constitutional powers make him the chief financial officer of the state government and give him control over all of the state's financial assets. Because the state operates with a large reserve fund, this give the treasurer control over a large amount of money. In 2007, the total state portfolio was valued at over $5 billion. The treasurer is permitted to invest the funds several different ways, including investments in United States Treasury securities, certificates of deposit, repurchase agreements, and money market mutual funds.
The Indiana General Assembly has assigned the treasurer additional statutory power and made him a member of the state Board of Finance, Indiana Finance Authority, Indiana Transportation Finance Authority, State Office Building Commission, Recreational Development Commission, Indiana Grain Indemnity Fund Board, Indiana Underground Storage Tank Financial Assurance Board, and the Indiana Heritage Trust Committee. Additionally, the treasurer is the vice-chairman of the Indiana Housing Finance Authority and the Indiana State Police Pension Fund. As a member of these boards, the treasurer has a wide range of influence on the state's financial management.
The treasurer is also the head of several of the most important state financial organizations. The treasurer is chairman of the Indiana Bond Bank, a state controlled bank that provides financing to municipal government to allow for large infrastructure investments. The bank then sells the debts as secured bonds on the national market. This allows local governments to secure credit a low rate of interest. The treasurer is also the chairman of the Indiana Education Savings Authority which manages savings accounts for college educations. The treasurer chairs the Public Deposit Insurance Fund and the Board for Depositories that insures the deposits of municipal governments in the state, much as the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insures private accounts, except without limiting the amount of the insurance. The Indiana Institute for Public Funds Management is private organization that was developed to provide financial education for municipal government leaders. The treasurer is designated by the organization its chairman.

</doc>
<doc id="20505816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505816" title="Henny Schilder">
Henny Schilder

Henny Schilder (born 4 September 1984) is a Dutch football defender currently playing for FC Volendam.
Schilder started his career in the youth of RKAV Volendam. He was picked up by FC Volendam, and was added to the first team in the 2005-06 season. He made his professional debut in the Eerste Divisie on 8 September 2006, in the 3–1 lost away-match against FC Eindhoven. He came on as a substitute for Rowin van Zaanen in the 67th minute.

</doc>
<doc id="20505839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505839" title="AMI-tv">
AMI-tv

AMI-tv is a Canadian, English-language, digital cable specialty channel owned by the non-profit organization Accessible Media. AMI-tv broadcasts a selection of general entertainment programming with accommodations for those who are visually or hearing impaired, consisting of described video on the primary audio track and closed captioning available across all of its programming. The channel also broadcasts original series on accessibility- and disability-related topics, and a block of programming in French.
AMI-tv is licensed by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) as a Category A "must-carry" service; it must be carried on the lowest level of service by all licensed digital cable, satellite television, and IPTV providers in Canada. In 2013, AMI received approval to launch a separate French-language version of the network, which will be subject to the same must-carry requirements.
History.
Licensing.
On March 27, 2007, the CRTC held a public hearing to consider twelve applications from applicants requesting mandatory distribution for their television services in the basic package of all digital television service providers in Canada. Among those twelve applicants was the National Broadcast Reading Service, a non-profit organization that operates the reading service VoicePrint, which is also a "must-carry" service. The NBRS proposed a service known as The Accessible Channel (TAC), a 24-hour English-language channel that would be devoted to providing programming of interest to those who are blind or visually impaired, in a format accessible to those individuals.
The NBRS believed that visually impaired viewers had difficulties locating television programming with described video due to a number of factors, such as the small amount of described programming on Canadian television at the time (an estimated 3%) and difficulties accessing the second audio program (SAP) on which described video is typically carried (either due to a lack of knowledge, or television service providers being unable to correctly deliver SAP feeds to subscribers). As such, the NBRS proposed TAC to be a consistent location for accessible programming; TAC planned to broadcast all of its programming in an "open format", with described video occupying the primary audio track—allowing viewers otherwise unable to use SAP to listen to programming with described video. In conjunction with the channel, the NBRS also planned to maintain online listings of programs with described video across all Canadian broadcasters.
On July 24, 2007, the CRTC approved the NBRS's application to operate The Accessible Channel; the commission recognized (as per an earlier report) that "television is a key tool for social integration for all citizens, including persons with disabilities" and that the low amount of described content on television (along with the technical issues NBRS cited) made it difficult for the visually impaired to find accessible television programming. The commission also considered TAC to be complementary with the Broadcasting Act, which called for the introduction of accessible programming into Canada's broadcasting system as resources become available.
Launch.
At a gala coinciding with the United Nations' International Day of Persons with Disabilities on December 3, 2008, the NBRS announced that The Accessible Channel would officially launch in January 2009. The organization also announced that TAC would carry closed captioning on all of its programming: while the CRTC's standard conditions of license for digital services at the time only mandated that 90% of programming be captioned, the NBRS felt that committing to caption all of its programming was consistent with its goal to make TAC an "inclusive" service. The Accessible Channel subsequently launched on January 29, 2009.
To reflect its expansion beyond VoicePrint, the National Broadcast Reading Service was renamed Accessible Media Inc. (AMI) in 2010. On January 30, 2012, as part of an effort to unify AMI's services under one brand, TAC was renamed AMI-tv. VoicePrint followed suit on March 5, 2012, becoming AMI-audio.
On December 4, 2012, AMI-tv launched a high definition feed on the MTS Ultimate TV service in Manitoba.
French version.
In January 2013, when the CRTC opened a new round of applications for must-carry channels, AMI submitted an application for a French-language sister channel of AMI-tv known as AMI-tv Français, which would have a similar format to its English-language counterpart. AMI justified the need for the channel by noting that Quebec, New Brunswick, and Ontario (which contain the largest francophone populations in Canada) had above-average levels of vision loss and other vision-related conditions. On August 8, 2013, the CRTC approved the application; the commission recognized that given the impact of AMI-tv's English service, a French service would have an equivalent impact on Canada's francophone community.
Programming.
AMI-tv carries a general entertainment lineup of programming including sitcoms, television dramas, films, talk shows, and documentaries. Although AMI-tv is primarily aimed at adults, a limited amount of programming broadcast during morning hours is aimed at children, including such programs as "Little Bear" and "Franklin". The majority of programming on AMI-tv is Canadian productions supplied in conjunction with other major Canadian broadcasters such as the CBC and CTV; a smaller portion of programming is also sourced from foreign broadcasters and studios, but in any case, no more than 33% of its programming can be supplied by a single broadcaster, and at least 50% of its programming must contain audio descriptions provided by companies other than AMI. The network also airs four hours a week of programming in French. Like the English programming, the French programming is closed captioned and contains audio descriptions in French. AMI-tv also produces and airs original programming, primarily dealing with accessibility- and disability-related topics. Examples have included its 2011 documentary "A Whole New Light", which focused on Canada's contributions to the research of vision loss, and "Milestones of Champions: The Journeys of Canada's Paralympians", focusing on the stories of notable Canadian athletes in the Paralympic Games.
AMI-tv has also collaborated with other Canadian broadcasters to simulcast events on the network with described video. The network provided and simulcast coverage from CBC Television of events such as the wedding of Prince William and Catherine Middleton, the 2011 federal election, the 2011 Gemini Awards, Canada Day festivities in Ottawa in 2012, and the 32nd Genie Awards. In conjunction with coverage of the games carried by CTV and Rogers properties, AMI-tv also offered coverage of the 2012 Summer Paralympics, including simulcasts of daily highlight shows with described video, and a daily program featuring interviews with athletes. The latter was hosted by AMI reporters Carrie Anton (who was a member of Canada's gold medal-winning goalball team at the 2000 Summer Paralympics) and Gary Steeves, both of whom are blind.
In September 2012, AMI-tv partnered with Sportsnet to broadcast three Toronto Blue Jays baseball games with described video provided by Sportsnet 590 correspondent Sam Cosentino, which included additional commentary such as explanations of on-screen graphics. Blue Jays president Paul Beeston praised AMI's involvement, stating that "to our knowledge, we are the first sports organization to have our games provided through this revolutionary approach to accommodating the needs of the blind and low-vision community." AMI-tv's Blue Jays coverage was expanded for the 2013 season, with Cosentino joined by veteran sportscaster Jim Van Horne.

</doc>
<doc id="20505845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505845" title="Pterostichus">
Pterostichus

Pterostichus is a very large genus of ground beetles with a Holarctic distribution in the subfamily Harpalinae. It has over 1,100 species. The beetles are predatory, but sometimes feed on strawberries. They can be found under rocks and prefer slightly moist, sandy soil. "Pterostichus" contains the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="20505874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505874" title="François Calvet">
François Calvet

François Calvet (born April 1, 1953 in Perpignan) is a French politician, a member of the National Assembly. He represents the Pyrénées-Orientales department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20505885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505885" title="Chappie Snodgrass">
Chappie Snodgrass

Amzie Beal (Chappie) Snodgrass (May 18, 1870 to September 9, 1951) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. Snodgrass played for the Baltimore Orioles in the season. In three games, he had one hit in ten at-bats. He batted and threw right-handed. 
He was born in Springfield, Ohio and died in New York, New York

</doc>
<doc id="20505895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505895" title="Yves Deniaud">
Yves Deniaud

Yves Deniaud may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20505899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505899" title="Marijn Sterk">
Marijn Sterk

Marijn Sterk (born 11 July 1987 in The Hague) is a Dutch footballer who is currently without a club.
Sterk played in the youth of VCS from The Hague, until he was scouted by Ajax at age 14. In Ajax he went through the youth department until Ajax II. Sterk played there until 2008, where he decided to make a transfer to FC Volendam. His professional debut followed in 27 September 2008, in a match against PSV Eindhoven.

</doc>
<doc id="20505920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505920" title="Yves Deniaud (actor)">
Yves Deniaud (actor)

Yves Hyacinthe Deniaud (December 11, 1901 – December 7, 1959) was a French comic actor.
Born in Paris, Deniaud died in Vésinet, in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="20505921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505921" title="Most prominent mountain peaks of Alaska">
Most prominent mountain peaks of Alaska

The following sortable table lists the 65 ultra prominent mountain peaks of the U.S. State of Alaska.
Topographic elevation is the vertical distance above the reference geoid, a precise mathematical model of the Earth's sea level as an equipotential gravitational surface. Topographic prominence is the elevation difference between the summit and the highest or key col to a higher summit. Topographic isolation is the minimum great circle distance to a point of higher elevation.
This article defines a significant summit as a summit with at least 100 meters (328.1 feet) of topographic prominence, and a major summit as a summit with at least 500 meters (1640.4 feet) of topographic prominence. An ultra-prominent summit is a summit with at least 1500 meters (4921.3 feet) of topographic prominence.
Seven of these peaks lie on the international border with Canada: five with Yukon and two with the Province of British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="20505922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505922" title="Gilwell Ada's Hoeve">
Gilwell Ada's Hoeve

Gilwell Ada's Hoeve is the oldest Dutch national Scouting campsite, and from July 1923 until the 1960s hosted the Wood Badge trainings for Scouting leadership in the Netherlands. The site was founded as a Scouting campsite in 1923 by Philip baron van Pallandt on his Eerde Estate in Ommen. One of the largest Dutch sites of Scouting Nederland, it covers 45 hectares, and has 25 camping fields and other accommodation, hosting approximately 10,000 camping nights annually.
History.
On 8 September 1853, Ada countess van Rechteren van Appeltern traditionally started a toll house, which later became known as Ada's Farmhouse (). It was purchased in 1911 by R baron van Pallandt van Eerde, to be part of his Eerde Estate. Upon his death his nephew Philip baron van Pallandt inherited the estate. Philip was a keen Scouter and invited Scouts to camp on his estate by 1913. Camp Eerde was popular with 2500 camper nights in 1920, and 15,000 in 1924. Late 1922, Ada's Hoeve was dedicated to Scouting use, and on 9 July 1923, the Dutch Chief Scout () J.J. Rambonnet formally opened it.
From the start, the site was leased to De Nederlandsche Padvinders, who became full owner in 1935. In the subsequent years, several additions were done, including the scout group house "Rambonnet house" in 1948, and in the 1950s the campfire area, warehouse, offices, and the ornamental entrance gates. In 1993, the Rambonnet house was destroyed by fire. Two years later, the 18th World Scout Jamboree was organized in nearby Dronten. After the jamboree, the jamboree headquarters was dismantled and re-erected on the site of the former Rambonnet house, and renamed "Jamboree house", serving again as scout group accommodation.
Following the success of Scouting leadership training on Gilwell Park from 1919 onward, Wood Badge training, also known as Gilwell training, was organized also in other countries. Ada's Hoeve was one of the first Wood Badge training centers outside the British Empire. The first training was held in July 1923 by Scoutmaster Jan Schaap, close after official opening of the site. Since then, the site is known as Gilwell Ada's Hoeve. The Wood Badge training continued on Gilwell Ada's Hoeve until the 1960s, after which they were hosted at Gilwell St. Walrick. In the 21st century, the Gilwell trainings of Scouting Nederland are organized on Scout Centre Buitenzorg in Baarn.
Scouting campsite.
Ada's Hoeve can host over 600 Scouts on 25 camping fields and housing accommodation.As such, it is the one but largest Scouting campsite in the Netherlands. It has always complied with the quality requirements of Scouting Nederland to their campsites, and is therefore a certified Labelled Site ().
The campfields (capacity 10 to 120 campers) all have historic names, given by and after the first users of these fields. E.g., the First and Second Leader Fields () were used in the Woodbadge training, and the Young Scouts Field () was first used by the first Dutch Scout Group. In total the fields have a combined capacity of approximately 1000 Scouts.
The site hosts several interesting views, including a 13 meter high totempole, which was a gift in 1960 by visiting Scouts from Singapore, and ornamental gates to the Leader Fields, created by the Delftsche Zwervers, which were used in Wood Badge training ceremonies. Other provisions on the site include a small formal Scout shop, and site offices.

</doc>
<doc id="20505938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505938" title="Bhokraha">
Bhokraha

Bhokraha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20505940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505940" title="El coloquio de los perros">
El coloquio de los perros

El coloquio de los perros (The Conversation of the Dogs or Dialogue between Scipio and Berganze) is a short story from the series "Novelas ejemplares". Penned by Miguel de Cervantes, the author of "Don Quixote", it is actually the continuation of a story entitled "El casamiento engañoso" ("The Deceitful Wedding"), which is about a suitor duped out of his wealth by his conniving young bride. The experience lands the suitor in a hospital, where, presumably in a delirium, he sees and hears two dogs begin to speak at the stroke of midnight. This gives Cervantes an opportunity to humorously satirize the society in which he lived; the dogs discuss their experiences with their human masters and other aspects of society. Cervantes leaves the reader to determine whether or not the dogs have actually been talking or the bedridden man has imagined it.

</doc>
<doc id="20505949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505949" title="Skamneli">
Skamneli

Skamneli () is a village in the Zagori region (Epirus region), 54 km north of Ioannina. It is built in the fringes of mountain Tymfi (Mt Tymphe), at a height of 1160 m.
Name.
The name "Skamneli" is of uncertain origin. It may derive from the word "sycaminea" (, the sycamore of the Bible - the fig-mulberry tree). There are several villages and toponyms in Greece with the name Sycaminea or Sykamia. It is more likely, however, that the name is derived from the Greek "skamnos" (σκαμνός), "skamnon" (σκάμνον) or "skamni" (σκαμνί) ( that means "seat" or "footstool") perhaps because the village itself seems like a seat and has an amphitheatric view. 
Skamneli is flanked by the steep cliff of Rhadio () meaning easy or accessible, (if so, either a euphemism or a reference to the road passing by connecting Epirus with Macedonia since ancient times) on its western side and the hill of Prophetes Elias on the eastern side. It looks over the valley of Selio (Σελιό), perhaps from , archaic form of meaning "of the sun" or sunny, as this area remains out of the shadow of Rhadio for the entire day. At the bottom of the valley of Selio passes the "Skamneliotic stream" ("Skamneliotiko rema").
The village is not mentioned in the Turkish records of 1564. There seemed to be in the area several other small villages that slowly coalesced with Skamneli in the 17th century. These were Catuna or Catuni (see katun, "little wood" in Albanian), Agios Georgios, Prophetes Elias, Gardiki, Trepesi, Kotsanades, Palaiochori (Koziakos-Katsikochori) and Nouka. Nouka (Nuca) was a small settlement of Vlachs at Gyftokampos.
History.
The region of the village was inhabited since prehistoric times, as there have been found ancient, so-called pelasgian fortifications, known by the locals also as the Palaiokastro. They were visited by Nicholas Hammond in 1930 and in 1939, prior to his publication of his book Epirus. Prof Daskaris of the University of Ioannina dated these to the 8th century BC. 
Moreover, remains of a 4th- to 3rd-century BC circular tower, a rectangular tower, a gate and two smaller doorways have been identified near the entrance of the village in the vicinity of the Monastery of Agia Paraskevi. In the Ottoman period, Skamneli belonged to the Koinon of the Zagorisians () formed after a treaty with Sinan-Pasha in 1431. Ιt enjoyed along with the other villages a joint autonomy from Ottoman rule. The autonomy guaranteed non-interference from the Turkish administration. Zagorisians had their affairs entrusted to a Council of Elders called Demogerontia (Δημογεροντία), headed by a president or governor called Vekylis (Βεκύλης). They maintained a small force of Sipahi horsemen (σπαχήδες). The Koinon of the Zagorisians was reformalised by a treaty signed in 1670, under which Zagori enjoyed considerable privileges called Surutia, which were only rescinded by the Sultan in 1868. In the later part of the 17th century, the inhabitants of several hamlets began to resettle in Skamneli. The reason was probably raids from bandits. One major such raid is recorded in the books of the Monastery of Agia Paraskevi, according to Frangoulis dated to 1688, by one named Ali Chogmeno at the head of 166 men. He gathered the women and children in the church of Agioi Apostoloi and began a looting of the village. Armatoloi arrived from Doliani, another village in Zagori, under their captain Douvlis and dispersed the bandits after killing Ali Chogmeno. At the time Skamneli had about 1000 inhabitants and was surrounded by several hamlets with an additional 800 inhabitants. Plagued by raids from mainly Albanian and Turkish bandits, the inhabitants of the countryside and hamlets around Skamneli began to emigrate to other villages of Zagori (Tsepelovo, Vradeto and Negades) and also to Northern Epirus (modern Albania), in Karitsa, Molista, Sopiki and especially to Moschopolis (Voskopolis), where a neighborhood became called Skamnelia (Σκαμνελιά), Skamneliki (Σκαμνελίκι) or Skamnelicili. 
In the second half of the 18th century, Skamneli is believed to have had a population of about 950, according to Frangoulis, based on two surviving village records, but other estimates are of up to 800 families for the entire region. Vikos doctors were active in the area at that time. Looms were worked by the women of Skamneli, producing garments, blankets and woolen fabrics. The foundations of the manors of Skamneli date from this period and were built by masons from Konitsa. During a tour of Mt Tymphe, Ali Pasha was caught by a storm and spent a night in Skamneli at the manor of the Saitzis family, reputed to have caused the admiration of the tyrant. 
In 1820, after the rebellion of Ali Pasha, a Turkish force of 1500 under Ismael Pasha arrived in Zagori, part of the total army of 20,000 sent against Ali Pasha. Alexis Noutsos from Kapesovo, a member of the Filiki Eteria who had intermarried with the Saitzis family and owned a house in Skamneli, was in command of the force opposing Ismael Pasha. However, the Sultan's armies prevailed. Ismael Pasha removed most privileges other than the right to appoint a local governor (Vekylis), whose powers however became nominal. Ismael Pasha introduced very heavy taxation, amounting to 250 silver coins per person and additional taxation in kind. Albanian and local bandits began looting raids once again. This was the time when prominent Greeks everywhere had become members of the Filiki Eteria and were preparing the uprising against the Turks in 1821. The Skamneliot Georgios Papazoglou proposed to Georgios Gennadios in Constantinople (Istanbul) the idea of the establishment of a Greek university at the Monastery of Rogovou, outside nearby Tsepelovo. The idea had also been proposed by Neophytos Doukas, at the time possibly living in Tsepelovo. The plan never materialised because of the limited success of the Greek revolution, that left Epirus under Ottoman rule. Georgios' brother Kostas Papazoglou, another member of the Filiki Eteria, left for Missolonghi, where he led and financed a cavalry company during the Greek War of Independence.
Several Skamneliots enlisted in the Sacred Band of Alexander Ypsilantis in the opening phase of the Greek War of Independence and fought in Drăgăşani. The success of the War of Independence was limited. Epirus remained under Ottoman control and Zagori was not included in the Kingdom of Greece formed in 1833. In 1837, during a raid by bandits under a man called Vryazis, the bandits found the veteran of the Greek War of Independence Costas Papazoglou in his house in Skamneli and killed him, looting his house among others. In 1868 Zagori lost its last privileges and Skamneli entered a period of further impoverishment and decline. At that time, so-called "gypsies" and pastoral Sarakatsani Vlachs lived here in addition to its traditional inhabitants. The "gypsies", believed by the locals to have been brought to Europe by the Turks from Asia, were involved in the making of tools and utensilis and other metalwork, as well as musical instruments. The pastoral Vlachs of the period managed the livestock of the wealthier families. Both groups became gradually assimilated into the village society. After the battle of Bizani during the first Balkan War (1912), the inhabitants of Skamneli and Tsepelovo rose up. A Turkish unit subsequently entered the village and set fire to all the houses whose occupants were absent. The public records of the village also perished. In 1940 villagers from Skamneli helped in turning back the Italian army that had entered Epirus. Later Napoleon Zervas established his partizans in the area. The village became almost deserted during the Greek Civil War (1946-9) and more of the older stone houses fell to ruin in the subsequent period.
Buildings.
While some of the grander houses, such as those of the Noutsos and Saitzis families, became ruins, other houses were repaired by the few remaining impoverished inhabitants. Repairs were not always sympathetic to the traditional forms. However, there are some old manors still in existence, built in the traditional style of Zagori, notably that of the Gennadios family, near the village square and those of Cyparrisos, Frangoulis and Theodosiou. A unique characteristic of these manors were murals with floral themes covering the interior and they were also characterised by their unique carved wooden ceilings. While the older ceilings are now mostly gone, a very fine example of modern work in the old Scamneliot style can be seen in the hotel "To Rhadio" (το Ραδιό), along the main road, near the church of the Apostles. 
The church of Agioi Apostoloi was built in 1793 next to the village square by a benefaction from two Skamneliots living in Moldovlachia, Demetrios and Christodoulos Saitzes. Ιτ has beautiful wooden panelling and is of considerable historical significance as a representative of the style of the period. Young Skamneliotes used to study in Ioannina or in Italy and in Constantinople during the Ottoman period and would emigrate for work to Constantinople, Asia Minor, Russia, the Danubian principalities of Moldova, Wallachia and Bessarabia, known collectively as Moldovlachia, in Romania and also to Egypt. More recently there has been emigration also to the U.S.A.. There used to be two large monasteries near the entrance of Skamneli, that of Agios Nikolaos housed monks while that of Agia Paraskevi originally housed nuns. The Monastery of Agios Nikolaos dates from 1683. Parts of the monk's quarters, the church and a picturesque roofed well still remain. 
The Monastery of Agia Paraskevi dates from the 12th or 13th century, as some of the oldest murals suggest, during the period of the Despotate of Epirus. It was founded as a nunnery with 60 nuns. On the record of its last commissioner, it became a "Stavropegiac" monastery in 1453, after the Fall of Constantinople, and has remained under the direct jurisdiction of the Patriarchate of Constantinople. It was refounded in 1697 as a male monastery. Some of the frescoes were painted in 1717 and 1773 by painters from nearby Kapesovo and from Chionades. The exterior fresco mainly around the theme of the Final Judgement was apparently made by a hagiographer from nearby Koukouli. The frail frescoes were restored in 1933 and 1984. The monastery became ruinous and only the central church remains out of the original foundation. Another old church, that of the Panagia (Church of the Yperagia Theotokos or the Dormition of the Theotokos) has suffered from disrepair and, although still standing, has been closed to the public.
Folklore.
The village celebrates the Feast of Agia Paraskevi, on the 26th of July, with a local festival.
Near the village lies Gyftokampos, a place of an annual meeting of the Greek-speaking Epirotan Vlachs Sarakatsani on the first weekend of August. It is also an exhibition ground every year, from May till October, with huts and other representations of the traditional life of the Sarakatsani.
A custom surviving until recently in some villages in the area was a divination referred to as the "amileto nero" (unbespoken water). It involved an offering of water and grain by adolescent girls, relating to an ancient Demetriac festival of the month of Gamelion. Reputedly, the springwater mourmoured an omen, usually relating to the girl's future marital life.
According to Odysseas Frangoulis, St Cosmas (Kosmas Aitolos or Cosmas of Aetolia) preached in Skamneli outside the monastery of Agios Nikolaos. He prophesied "when you see here many horses gathered, the Romioi are coming". When the village was burnt in 1912 by the retreating Turks, they had left their horses outside the monastery.
Wedding customs.
Weddings in former times were governed by tradition. Following engagement, and an exchange of rings, it was customary for a young Skamneliot to follow a more experienced elder abroad for work or study. They paid irregular visits to Skamneli, following the local maxim "do not visit your home often, so that you are filled with constant longing". Friends of the bride would gather nightly to knit the dowry. The final preparations and the feast were the groom's duty. On the Thursday before the wedding, boys and girls carried the dowry to the groom's house. On the eve of the wedding, bread was baked and children were sent to the houses of the groom and the bride to summon them. The bride, upon leaving her family home would break a pitcher, spilling its contents of water and grains of wheat to the ground, so that not all good fortune left her parents' home. The bride would set out on a white horse, wearing a knitted vest over a gilded dress held together by a golden waistband decorated with florins. In more recent times the dress was white on the day of the wedding but the young bride was dressed in a black silken dress on the second day. Arriving at the groom's house with her companions (fylachtades), she would have to overcome gracefully some obstacle, the nature of which was kept secret. Much tutoring was made in advance, so that she might deal with any problem and gain respect and admiration. After the wedding, always on a Sunday, there was a feast with music by Epirotan musicians. The family would lead the dance and the newlyweds would join last. It was the responsibility of the leader of the ceremonies, called Vlamis (the best man), to fulfill the requests of the guests regarding food. Feasts would often take place in the open area of Selio south of the village or in the fountain of Goura above the village. Wedding celebrations would last for three days. In the second day, the married couple would go to a water fountain, often a place of trysts for young lovers. The bride would let her water pitcher fall and break. She would then sing a song:
"If you go to the fountain for water,
I will be hiding there;
I will break your pitcher,
So that you return to your mother empty handed."
"My mother, I lost my footing
and I broke my pitcher."
"It was not a loss of footing,
It was a man's embracing."
Before leaving the fountain, the bride would throw a few coins in it. The dancing and merry-making would continue until the third day and would end with words from the bride's parents to the effect "we brought you a bride, we brightened your house". These wedding customs are no longer practiced as only a few inhabitants remain year-round in Skamneli.
Prominent Skamneliots.
Adam Gorgidas, a professor of Medicine at the University of Budapest, member of the Philike Etairia (Filiki Eteria) translated in 1849 the Encheiridion of Practical Pathology of D.P. Frank from Latin into Greek.
Skamneli also is the birthplace of the national benefactor Aggeliki Papazoglou (c. 1810-1891). Among else, she provided the funds for the building of a library for the University of Athens and built a school for girls in Ioannina, the Papazogleios.
Georgios Sinas, Director of the Bank of Austria for 25 years, was a national benefactor, responsible for the building of the National Astronomical Observatory in Athens and was among the first trustees of the Bank of Greece after Greek independence. He was born in Moschopolis of Northern Epirus and was of Skamneliot descent.
Simon Sinas, baron, son of Georgios Sinas, was a Greek Consul in Vienna. He funded the building of the National Academy in Athens, considered by some as the most beautiful neoclassical building in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20505950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505950" title="1922–23 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1922–23 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1922-23 campaign saw Town finish in their highest position since their inception 15 years earlier. In only their third season in top-flight football, they finished in 3rd place behind Liverpool and Sunderland. This was another good season following on from their FA Cup triumph the previous season.
Review.
Following the success at Stamford Bridge in the previous season's FA Cup Final, many were hoping that this new found form would transfer itself into a successful league campaign and even a possible chance of the 1st Division title. However, Town had a bad start, only winning 2 of their first 10 games. So Herbert Chapman brought in Charlie Wilson from Tottenham Hotspur. His 13 goals helped Town mount a charge up the table along with the goals of Ernie Islip, Billy Smith and Frank Mann. They would eventually finish only 7 points behind defending champions Liverpool.

</doc>
<doc id="20505954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505954" title="My Own Country">
My Own Country

My Own Country, Abraham Verghese's first book and a "New York Times Notable Book" the year it appeared in 1994, has been in print since it was published. It is used in colleges and medical schools throughout North America and across the world because of the way it communicates the sense of empathy and compassion so often missing in medical school education in an era of high technology and reliance on computers as primary diagnostic tools. 
"My Own Country" traces the story of a young infectious-disease physician in the mid-80s in Johnson City, Tennessee, who began to treat patients with a then unknown disease. Because of the seemingly un-ending influx of patients with the same symptoms and for whom there was, as yet, no effective treatment, Dr. Verghese became, of necessity, the town's AIDS expert. As much as he gave to his patients in terms of caring and empathetic treatment, he gained back in terms of understanding and lasting lessons in how to heal when there is no cure. Often, he was the only one at his patients' bedside when family and friends, fearful of or in denial about the disease stayed away. From the sorrow of so many deaths and ugly displays of prejudice, from his giving of so much time and comfort, and the unraveling of his own domestic life and from the seeming hopelessness of the situation came a book of such richness and humanity that the story is uplifting and hopeful even as it plumbs the depths of human sadness.
The book was adapted for a 1998 TV movie.

</doc>
<doc id="20505959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505959" title="Kelvin Maynard">
Kelvin Maynard

Kelvin Maynard (born 29 May 1987) is a Dutch-Surinamese footballer who plays as a right defender, who currently plays for R. Antwerp F.C. in Belgiums Second League.
Football career.
Born in Paramaribo, Suriname, Maynard made his professional debuts with FC Volendam, playing in four second division games in the 2006–07 season. He contributed with 35 appearances in his second year as the club promoted to Eredivisie.
Maynard made his top flight debut on 31 August 2008, in a 2–3 home loss against SC Heerenveen. "The Other Oranje" were eventually relegated back, after finishing in 18th position. In the 2010 off-season, he signed with S.C. Olhanense in Portugal, but his input with the Algarve outfit consisted of three League Cup games (three losses, including the 2–3 at S.L. Benfica).
On 5 July 2011, Maynard moved clubs and countries again, joining Kecskeméti TE in Hungary. He was released in December.

</doc>
<doc id="20505962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505962" title="Yves Deniaud (politician)">
Yves Deniaud (politician)

Yves Deniaud (born September 1, 1946) is a French politician, a member of the National Assembly. He represents the Orne department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20505981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505981" title="Pierre-Jules Cavelier">
Pierre-Jules Cavelier

Pierre-Jules Cavelier (August 30, 1814 – 1894) was a French academic sculptor.
The son of a silversmith and furniture maker, Cavelier was born and died in Paris. He was a student of the sculptors David d'Angers and the painter Paul Delaroche, Cavelier won the Prix de Rome in 1842 with a plaster statue of "Diomedes Entering the Palladium". The young sculptor lived at the Villa Medici from 1843 to 1847. 
Appointed in 1864 Professor at the École des beaux-arts, he trained many students there, including Edouard Lanteri, Hippolyte Lefèbvre, Louis-Ernest Barrias, Eugène Guillaume, the British Alfred Gilbert and the American George Grey Barnard, as well as conducting his own prolific career as a sculptor.

</doc>
<doc id="20505985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505985" title="Yves Durand">
Yves Durand

Yves Durand may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20505990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20505990" title="Duhabi">
Duhabi

Duhabi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20506005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506005" title="Yves Durand (politician)">
Yves Durand (politician)

Yves Durand (born June 6, 1946 in Ambrières-les-Vallées) is a French politician, a member of the National Assembly. He represents the Nord department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.

</doc>
<doc id="20506010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506010" title="Kaptanganj">
Kaptanganj

Kaptanganj may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20506020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506020" title="Gerry Koning">
Gerry Koning

Gerry Koning (born 3 January 1980) is a Dutch football player currently playing for FC Volendam.

</doc>
<doc id="20506026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506026" title="Yves Durand (academic)">
Yves Durand (academic)

Yves Durand (1932–2004) was a French academic, professor of modern history at the Sorbonne.

</doc>
<doc id="20506036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506036" title="Speigletown, New York">
Speigletown, New York

Speigletown, New York is a hamlet within the town of Schaghticoke, New York in Rensselaer County, New York, USA. 
It is located northeast of Troy, New York on New York State Route 40, which is named Speigletown Road in that section. It is near the Hudson River, which is the border of Saratoga County. It shares ZIP code 12182 with Lansingburgh, New York.
Its coordinates are 42° 48' 16" North, 73° 38' 5" West.
History.
The first permanent settlement began around 1668. In May of 1976, the land was surveyed and the original name of Dort was changed to Speigletown. Somehow the spelling of Speigletown and VanDerSpiegel do not match. Records do not show the reason. In 1819 a portion of the town of Schaghticoke was annexed to Lansingburgh, which contains the hamlet of Speigletown, in the northeastern part of the town. The hamlet received its name from the Vanderspiegel families, early Dutch settlers of the southern part of the Schaghticoke area.
Technically Speigletown was at the intersection of the Northern Turnpike and what would become Fogarty Road. The hamlet had a church, school house and a cemetery. Today, Speigletown unofficially starts around the Firehouse on NY Rt 40, just north of Troy and goes a little north of Fogarty Road. Today's lower Speigletown originally consisted of lands owned by Bedford Filkins on the west side of the Northern Turnpike and Cornelius Lansing which was sold to Ai Pine in 1856. 
In February 2008, voters of the Lansingburgh Central School District voted in Speigletown for an almost $3 million bond to improve the school facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="20506049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506049" title="Tommy Madden">
Tommy Madden

Thomas Joseph Madden (July 31, 1883 – July 26, 1930) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. Madden played in four games for the Boston Beaneaters in the season, and for the New York Highlanders in . In five career games, he had four hits in 16 at-bats. 
He was born in and died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

</doc>
<doc id="20506050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506050" title="Aaron Meijers">
Aaron Meijers

Aaron Meijers (born 28 October 1987 in Delft) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a left midfielder for Eredivisie club ADO Den Haag. He formerly played for FC Volendam and RKC Waalwijk.

</doc>
<doc id="20506054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506054" title="Panchakanya (disambiguation)">
Panchakanya (disambiguation)

Panchakanya or Panchkanya may refer to:
Panchkanya (पञ्चकन्या):
Panchakanya (पाँचकन्या):

</doc>
<doc id="20506068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506068" title="Centre Island (Nunavut)">
Centre Island (Nunavut)

Centre Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is one of several islands located in Chesterfield Inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="20506084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506084" title="Abdülhamit Yıldız">
Abdülhamit Yıldız

Abdülhamit Yıldız (born 7 June 1987 in Diyarbakır) is a Turkish footballer currently playing for Şanlıurfaspor. He previously played for Dutch side FC Volendam.

</doc>
<doc id="20506095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506095" title="Ilybius">
Ilybius

Ilybius is a large genus of predatory aquatic beetles in the family Dytiscidae. The genus is native to the Palearctic (including Europe), the Near East, the Nearctic, and North Africa. 70 species has been described from this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="20506112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506112" title="Camp Cove Island">
Camp Cove Island

Camp Cove Island is one of the uninhbited Canadian arctic islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is one of several islands located in Chesterfield Inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="20506116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506116" title="1978 European Formula Three season">
1978 European Formula Three season

The 1978 European Formula Three season was the fourth FIA European Formula Three Championship season, contested over 16 rounds.
Jan Lammers of the Netherlands won the drivers championship with 72 points.
Season standings.
Drivers standings.
For every race 9 points were awarded to the winner, 6 to the runner up, 4 for third place, 3 for fourth place, 2 for fifth place and 1 for sixth place. No additional points were awarded.
Four scores were dropped. Dropped scores are shown in parentheses.
Although Jan Lammers and Anders Olofsson tied on points and tied on four wins each, Lammers took the championship by virtue of scoring five second places to Olofsson's three.
References.
Points table

</doc>
<doc id="20506133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506133" title="Super League play-offs">
Super League play-offs

Since 1998, a play-off system has been used to determine the Super League champions. The format has changed over the years, starting with a play-off involving first five, then six teams and currently eight. The play-off series culminates in the Super League Grand Final.
Use of a play-off system to decide the Championship brought back a rugby league tradition that had previously fallen out of use. The Super League Premiership, which had previously taken place between the highest placed teams in the competition, was discontinued after the introduction of the Super League play-off series. This was because its purpose had been to take the place of the previous Championship-deciding play-off system.
Current Play-Off System.
For the Super League XIV season in 2009, a top eight play-off system was introduced to replace the previous top six system. This change coincided with an expansion of the competition from twelve to fourteen teams following the introduction of Super League licensing. The format was introduced following consultation and discussion with all 14 member clubs in Super League. The series lasts four weeks, culminating in the Grand Final at Old Trafford during October.
The new and unique eight team structure was developed by the RFL and, in their words, "is not a direct copy of other eight team formats operating in other sporting competitions". The most significant feature of this system is that the highest ranked team from the regular season table winning a match in the first week of the play-offs will be able to select their opponents for their next game in Week Three. This selection opportunity is known as "Club Call" and is only possible for teams finishing in the top three during the regular season to achieve.
At the time, the RFL’s Chief Executive Nigel Wood stated that he believed the changes show Rugby League as "innovative and progressive" and added that the "new feature will also create more opportunities for broadcasters and the media to generate exciting coverage". Leeds Rhinos Chief Executive Gary Hetherington praised the changes as reminiscent of the sport's innovation since 1895, noting that the new system rewards those teams that finish higher in the table. Huddersfield Giants Managing Director Richard Thewlis commented: "This is another ground breaking move from our sport which has our full backing. It is an innovative move that will bring high class, pressurised play-off Rugby League to more teams which can only help drive development of players and the competition."
The current First Utility Super League Play-Off structure:
FAQ's:
Previous Play-Off Systems.
1998-2001: Top Five.
From Super League III in 1998 until Super League VI in 2001, a play-off series involving the top five teams was used to determine the Super League champions. Excluding the Grand Final, all matches were staged at the home ground of the team placed higher in the final league table.
The same system was used in the NSWRL's Sydney Competition 1973-1994, the Australian Super League in its only season 1997, the VFL, 1972–1990 and New Zealand's Lion Red Cup, 1994–1996, and Bartercard Cup, 2000-2006.
From week two on the Top five play-offs system reflected exactly the Page playoff system.
The Top Five Super League Play-Off Structure:
Week One
Week Two
Week Three
Week Four
2002-2008: Top Six.
From Super League VII in 2002 until Super League XIII in 2008, a play-off series involving the top six teams was used to determine the winners the Super League champions. Excluding the Grand Finall, all matches were staged at the home ground of the team that finished higher in the final league table.
A similar system was used by the Australian National Soccer League and is now used by the A-League to decide its champions. From Week Two onwards, the Top Six play-offs system reflects exactly the Page playoff system.
The Top Six Super League Play-Off Structure:
Week One
Week Two
Week Three
Week Four
Future Play-Off System.
From Super League XX in 2015, the play-off format will be changed due to the implementation of an innovative new league structure:

</doc>
<doc id="20506145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506145" title="Charles W. Sandford">
Charles W. Sandford

Major-General Charles W. Sandford (May 5, 1796 – July 25, 1878) was an American militia and artillery officer, lawyer and businessman. He was a senior officer in the New York State Militia for over thirty years and commanded the First Division in every major civil disturbance in New York City up until the American Civil War, most notably, the New York Draft Riots in 1863.
Biography.
Charles W. Sandford was born in Newark, New Jersey to William B. Sandford, a farmer and veteran of the American Revolutionary War, on May 5, 1796. He pursued a career in law, studying under Ogden Hoffman, and enlisted as a private in the New York State Artillery. Assigned to the Third Regiment, he remained with the unit as it became the Eighth Regiment popularly known as the "Washington Grays". Rising up the ranks as a non-commissioned officer, he commanded Company F and was subsequently promoted to Lieutenant Colonel and to full Colonel. In 1834, he was elected Brigadier General of the Sixth Brigade Artillery.
On May 10, 1839, Sandford was commissioned Major General of the First Division and held command for nearly three decades. Although having a fine service record, Sandford kept an informal atmosphere and sometimes lax discipline within his command. Units were also far below regimental quotas. Brigadier Generals were late reporting for duty and he himself was very late organizing division formations on occasion. This often resulted in delays such as military parades being three of four hours overdue. These officers were generally not held accountable for their negligence and courts-martial were rarely held.
Sandford was fond of military pomp and often organized celebrations and public events involving the militia. Among these included a parade honoring visiting General José Antonio Páez, the former president of Venezuela, in July 1850. His eldest son, 30-year-old Charles Sandford, accompanied Páez back to South America where he died of fever shortly afterwards. The following year, he also had the militia receive Louis Kossuth upon his arrival in the city in October 1851, his formal reception at Castle Garden in December and a third parade at his departure. On several occasions, he and his men escorted American presidents when visiting the city and paraded at the funerals of Henry Clay and Daniel Webster.
Sandford had a commendable military record leading the militia in the Flour Riot of 1837, the Astor Place Riot in 1849, the Dead Rabbits and Municipal Police Riots of 1857 and the New York Draft Riot in 1863. General Winfield Scott once said that ""Sandford was one of the finest volunteer service generals that he ever knew"". He commanded the Seventh Regiment and militia forces on behalf of Sheriff Westervelt and eventually confronted Mayor Fernando Wood, his forces surrounding City Hall Park, and took him into custody. That same year, he was asked by NYPD Police Commissioner Simeon Draper for his assistance during the Dead Rabbits Riot. He sent the Eight and Seventy-First Regiments, both at half strength but supported by two 75-man police detachments, which marched down White and Worth Streets and confronted the gang members driving them back to the Five Points. This action ended the rioting, but police and soldiers continued to patrol the district that night and all the next day.
His command seriously weakened due to manpower shortages during the American Civil War, Sandford served on active duty with the Union Army from April 19 to July 25, 1861. In May 1861, he was ordered by Brigadier General Joseph K. Mansfield to oversee the capture of Alexandria, Virginia as the vast majority the Union troops were from New York. He also served under Major General Robert Patterson for three months and took part in the Battle of Harper's Ferry.
Returning to New York, he was present during the New York Draft Riots in 1863 and managed to organize a small force of scattered militia regiments, military troops and home guards from his headquarters at the State Arsenal at Seventh Avenue and Thirty-Fifth Street. He was one of the senior officers who directed police and military during the riots. When receiving reports of the battle between police and rioters at the Union Steam Works, with hundreds of rioters now armed with muskets, swords and pistols, he sent Colonel H.J. O'Brien and 150 men to help police. Lieutenant Eagleson, in command of two 6-pound cannons and 25 artillerymen, accompanied O'Brien to the battle.
After the war, Sandford was relieved of his command by Governor Reuben Fenton who appointed Alexander Shaler to succeed him and officially took command on January 23, 1867. Sandford, who had been involved in the theater as early as 1847, ran the Lafayette Theatre on Sullivan Street. His success encouraged him to open a second theater in The Bowery, "The Mount Pitt Theatre and Circus", but both buildings burned down within the same week ending his career in the theater. He also built a number of buildings on Canal Street although he lost these to fire as well. Sandford would often experience success and disaster in his business dealings, acquiring and then losing small fortunes two or three times, however he was able to provide his family with a comfortable competency his later years. He and his wife often entertained at their West Twenty-Second Street residence whose social functions were often attended by prominent citizens of the city. For over fifty years, he was a leading member in the old St. Paul's Episcopal Church in Broadway.
He was also an accomplished lawyer, one of the first to practice in New York City, and the one-time partner of John Bristed, son of author Charles Astor Bristed. Sandford also served as counsel for the Harlem Railroad Company for twenty years and later represented the company against inventor Ross Winans. At the time of his death, he was vice president of the New York City Bar Association. In late-July 1878, Sandford left the city for his annual summer vacation to Avon Springs in Livingston County, New York. A day after his arrival however, he died suddenly on the morning of July 25, 1878. A telegram was sent announcing his passing, occurring shortly after his 82nd birthday, but the circumstances of his death were unknown to his family. His body was brought back to the city by one of his daughters and buried shortly afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="20506147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506147" title="List of 2003 box office number-one films in the United Kingdom">
List of 2003 box office number-one films in the United Kingdom

This is a list of films which have placed number one at the weekend box office in the United Kingdom during 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20506166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506166" title="Project management triangle">
Project management triangle

The Project Management Triangle (called also "Triple Constraint" or the "Iron Triangle") is a model of the constraints of project management. It is a graphic aid where the three attributes show on the corners of the triangle to show opposition. It is useful to help with intentionally choosing project biases, or analyzing the goals of a project. It is used to illustrate that project management success is measured by the project team's ability to manage the project, so that the expected results are produced while managing time and cost.
Like any human undertaking, projects need to be performed and delivered under certain constraints. Traditionally, these constraints have been listed as "scope," "time," and "cost". These are also referred to as the "Project Management Triangle," where each side represents a constraint. One side of the triangle cannot be changed without affecting the others. A further refinement of the constraints separates product "quality" or "performance" from scope, and turns quality into a fourth constraint.
Overview.
The time constraint refers to the amount of time available to complete a project. The cost constraint refers to the budgeted amount available for the project. The scope constraint refers to what must be done to produce the project's end result. These three constraints are often competing constraints: increased scope typically means increased time and increased cost, a tight time constraint could mean increased costs and reduced scope, and a tight budget could mean increased time and reduced scope.
The discipline of project management is about providing the tools and techniques that enable the project team (not just the project manager) to organize their work to meet these constraints. 
Another approach to project management is to consider the three constraints as finance, time and human resources. If you need to finish a job in a shorter time, you can throw more people at the problem, which in turn will raise the cost of the project, unless by doing this task quicker we will reduce costs elsewhere in the project by an equal amount.
As a project management graphic aid, a triangle can show time, resources, and technical objective as the "sides" of a triangle, instead of the corners. John Storck, a former instructor of the American Management Association's "Basic Project Management" course, used a pair of triangles called triangle outer and triangle inner to represent the concept that the intent of a project is to complete on or before the allowed time, on or under budget, and to meet or exceed the required scope. The distance between the inner and outer triangles illustrated the hedge or contingency for each of the three elements. Bias could be shown by the distance. His example of a project with a strong time bias was the Alaska pipeline which essentially had to be done on time no matter the cost. After years of development, oil flowed out the end of the pipe within four minutes of schedule. In this illustration, the time side of triangle inner was effectively on top of the triangle outer line. This was true of the technical objective line also. The cost line of triangle inner, however, was outside since the project ran significantly over budget.
James P. Lewis suggests that "project scope" represents the area of the triangle, and can be chosen as a variable to achieve project success. He calls this relationship PCTS (Performance, Cost, Time, Scope), and suggests that a project can pick any three.
The real value of the project triangle is to show the complexity that is present in any project. The plane area of the triangle represents the near infinite variations of priorities that could exist between the three competing values. By acknowledging the limitless variety, possible within the triangle, using this graphic aid can facilitate better project decisions and planning and ensure alignment among team members and the project owners.
Example.
You are given the options of "Fast", "Good" and "Cheap", and told to pick any two. Here "Fast" refers to the time required to deliver the product, "Good" is the quality of the final product, and "Cheap" refers to the total cost of designing and building the product. This triangle reflects the fact that the three properties of a project are interrelated, and it is not possible to optimize all three – one will always suffer. In other words you have three options:
Project management triangle topics.
Time.
For analytical purposes, the time required to produce a deliverable is estimated using several techniques. One method is to identify tasks needed to produce the deliverables documented in a work breakdown structure or WBS. The work effort for each task is estimated and those estimates are rolled up into the final deliverable estimate.
The tasks are also prioritized, dependencies between tasks are identified, and this information is documented in a project schedule. The dependencies between the tasks can affect the length of the overall project (dependency constrained), as can the availability of resources (resource constrained). Time is different from all other resources and cost categories.
Using actual cost of previous, similar projects as the basis for estimating the cost of current project.
According to the Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK) the Project Time Management processes include:
Activity resource estimating.
request change updates.
Schedule control.
Due to the complex nature of the 'Time' process group the project management credential "PMI Scheduling Professional" (PMI-SP) was created.
Cost.
To develop an approximation of a project cost depends on several variables including: resources, work packages such as labor rates and mitigating or controlling influencing factors that create cost variances. Tools used in cost are, risk management, cost contingency, cost escalation, and indirect costs . But beyond this basic accounting approach to fixed and variable costs, the economic cost that must be considered includes worker skill and productivity which is calculated using various project cost estimate tools. This is important when companies hire temporary or contract employees or outsource work.
Cost Process Areas.
Project Management Cost Estimating Tools.
Project management software can be used to calculate the cost variances for a project.
Scope.
Requirements specified to achieve the end result. The overall definition of what the project is supposed to accomplish, and a specific description of what the end result should be or accomplish. A major component of scope is the quality of the final product. The amount of time put into individual tasks determines the overall quality of the project. Some tasks may require a given amount of time to complete adequately, but given more time could be completed exceptionally. Over the course of a large project, quality can have a significant impact on time and cost (or vice versa).
Together, these three constraints have given rise to the phrase "On Time, On Spec, On Budget." In this case, the term "scope" is substituted with "spec(ification)."
Evolution of the Project Constraint Model.
Traditionally the Project Constraint Model recognised three key constraints; "Cost", "Time" and "Scope". These constraints construct a triangle with geometric proportions illustrating the strong interdependent relationship between these factors. If there is a requirement to shift any one of these factors then at least one of the other factors must also be manipulated.
With mainstream acceptance of the Triangle Model, "Cost" and "Time" appear to be represented consistently. "Scope" however is often used interchangeably given the context of the triangle's illustration or the perception of the respective project. Scope / Goal / Product / Deliverable / Quality are all relatively similar and generic variation examples of this, while the above suggestion of 'People Resources' offers a more specialised interpretation.
This widespread use of variations implies a level of ambiguity carried by the nuance of the third constraint term and of course a level of value in the flexibility of the Triangle Model. This ambiguity allows blurred focus between a project's output and project's process, with the example terms above having potentially different impetus in the two contexts. Both "Cost" and "Time" represent the top level project's inputs. 
The ‘Project Diamond’ model engenders this blurred focus through the inclusion of "Scope" and "Quality" separately as the ‘third’ constraint. While there is merit in the addition of "Quality" as a key constraining factor, acknowledging the increasing maturity of project management, this model still lacks clarity between output and process. The Diamond Model does not capture the analogy of the strong interrelation between points of the triangles however.
PMBOK 4.0 offered an evolved model based on the triple constraint with 6 factors to be monitored and managed. This is illustrated as a 6 pointed Star that maintains the strength of the triangle analogy (two overlaid triangles), while at the same time represents the separation and relationship between project inputs/outputs factors on one triangle and the project processes factors on the other. The star variables are:
When considering the ambiguity of the third constraint and the suggestions of the "Project Diamond"; it is possible to consider instead the Goal or Product of the project as the third constraint, being made up of the sub factors "Scope" and "Quality". In terms of a project's output both "Scope" and "Quality" can be adjusted resulting in an overall manipulation of the Goal/Product. This interpretation includes the four key factors in the original triangle inputs/outputs form. This can even be incorporated into the PMBOK Star illustrating that "Quality" in particular may be monitored separately in terms of project outputs and process. Further to this suggestion, the use of term "Goal" may best represent change initiative outputs, while Product may best represent more tangible outputs.

</doc>
<doc id="20506169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506169" title="Iripajuk Island">
Iripajuk Island

Iripajuk is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is one of several islands located in Chesterfield Inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="20506173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506173" title="Model risk">
Model risk

In finance, model risk is the risk of loss resulting from using models to make decisions, initially and frequently referring to valuing financial securities. However model risk is more and more prevalent in industries other than financial securities valuation, such as consumer credit score, real-time probability prediction of a fradulent credit card transaction to the probability of air flight passenger being a terrorist. Rebonato in 2002 considers alternative definitions including:
Rebonato defines model risk as "the risk of occurrence of a significant difference between the mark-to-model value of a complex and/or illiquid instrument, and the price at which the same instrument is revealed to have traded in the market."
Types of model risk.
Burke regards failure to use a model (instead over-relying on expert judgment) as a type of model risk. Derman describes various types of model risk that arise from using a model:
Sources of model risk.
Uncertainty on volatility.
Volatility is the most important input in risk management models and pricing models. Uncertainty on volatility leads to model risk. Derman believes that products whose value depends on a volatility smile are most likely to suffer from model risk. He writes "I would think it’s safe to say that there is no area where model risk is more of an issue than in the modeling of the volatility smile."
Avellaneda & Paras (1995) proposed a systematic way of studying and mitigating model risk resulting from volatility uncertainty.
Time inconsistency.
Buraschi and Corielli formalise the concept of 'time inconsistency' with regards to no-arbitrage models that allow for a perfect fit of the term structure of the interest rates. In these models the current yield curve is an input so that new observations on the yield curve can be used to update the model at regular frequencies. They explore the issue of time-consistent and self-financing strategies in this class of models. Model risk affects all the three main steps of risk management: specification, estimation and implementation.
Correlation uncertainty.
Uncertainty on correlation parameters is another important source of model risk. Cont and Deguest propose a method for computing model risk exposures in multi-asset equity derivatives and show that options which depend on the worst or best performances in a basket (so called rainbow option) are more exposed to model uncertainty than index options.
Gennheimer investigates the model risk present in pricing basket default derivatives. He prices these derivatives with various copulas and concludes that "... unless one is very sure about the dependence structure governing the credit basket, any investors willing to trade basket default products should imperatively compute prices under alternative copula specifications and verify the estimation errors of their simulation to know at least the model risks they run."
Complexity.
Complexity of a model or a financial contract may be a source of model risk, leading to incorrect identification of its risk factors. This factor was cited as a major source of model risk for mortgage backed securities portfolios during the 2007 crisis.
Illiquidity and model risk.
Model risk does not only exist for complex financial contracts. Frey (2000) presents a study of how market illiquidity is a source of model risk. He writes "Understanding the robustness of models used for hedging and risk-management purposes with respect to the assumption of perfectly liquid markets is therefore an important issue in the analysis of model risk in general."
Convertible bonds, mortgage backed securities, and high-yield bonds can often be illiquid and difficult to value. Hedge funds that trade these securities can be exposed to model risk when calculating monthly NAV for its investors.
Quantitative approaches to Model Risk.
Model averaging vs worst-case approach.
Rantala (2006) mentions that "In the face of model risk, rather than to base decisions on a single selected ”best” model, the modeller can base his inference on an entire set of models by using model averaging."
Another approach to model risk is the worst-case, or minmax approach, advocated in decision theory by Gilboa and Schmeidler.
In this approach one considers a range of models and minimizes the loss encountered in the worst-case scenario. This approach to model risk has been developed by Cont (2006)
Quantifying model risk exposure.
To measure the risk induced by a model, it has to be compared to an alternative model, or a set of alternative benchmark models. The problem is how to choose these benchmark models. In the context of derivative pricing Cont (2006) proposes a quantitative approach to measurement of model risk exposures in derivatives portfolios: first, a set of benchmark models is specified and calibrated to market prices of liquid instruments, then the target portfolio is priced under all benchmark models. A measure of exposure to model risk is then given by the difference between the current portfolio valuation and the worst-case valuation under the benchmark models. Such a measure may be used as a way of determining a reserve for model risk for derivatives portfolios.
Position limits and valuation reserves.
Kato and Yoshiba discuss qualitative and quantitative ways of controlling model risk. They write "From a quantitative perspective, in the case of pricing models, we can set up a reserve to allow for the difference in estimations using alternative models. In the case of risk measurement models, scenario analysis can be undertaken for various fluctuation patterns of risk factors, or position limits can be established based on information obtained from scenario analysis."
Cont (2006) advocates the use of model risk exposure for computing such reserves.
Examples of model risk mitigation.
Parsimony.
Taleb wrote when describing why most new models that attempted to correct the inadequacies of the Black–Scholes model failed to become accepted:
"Traders are not fooled by the Black–Scholes–Merton model. The existence of a 'volatility surface' is one such adaptation. But they find it preferable to fudge one parameter, namely volatility, and make it a function of time to expiry and strike price, rather than have to precisely estimate another."
However, Cherubini and Della Lunga describe the disadavantages of parsimony in the context of volatility and correlation modelling. Using an excessive number of parameters may induce overfitting while choosing a severely specified model may easily induce model misspecification and a systematic failure to represent the future distribution.
Model risk premium.
Fender and Kiff (2004) note that holding complex financial instruments, such as CDOs, "translates into heightened dependence on these assumptions and, thus, higher model risk. As this risk should be expected to be priced by the market, part of the yield pick-up obtained relative to equally rated single obligor instruments is likely to be a direct reflection of model risk."

</doc>
<doc id="20506184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506184" title="ClinicalTrials.gov">
ClinicalTrials.gov

ClinicalTrials.gov is a registry of clinical trials. It is run by the United States National Library of Medicine (NLM) at the National Institutes of Health, and is the largest clinical trials database, currently holding registrations from over 130,000 trials from more than 170 countries in the world.
History.
As a result of pressure from HIV-infected men in the gay community, who demanded better access to clinical trials, the U.S. Congress passed the Health Omnibus Programs Extension Act of 1988 (HOPE or Public Law 100-607) which mandated the development of a database of AIDS Clinical Trials Information System (ACTIS). This effort served as an example of what might be done to improve public access to clinical trials, and motivated other disease-related interest groups to push for something similar for all diseases.
The Food and Drug Administration Modernization Act of 1997 (FDAMA or Public Act 105-115) amended the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and the Public Health Service Act to require that the NIH create and operate a public information resource, which came to be called ClinicalTrials.gov, tracking drug efficacy studies resulting from approved Investigational New Drug (IND) applications (FDA Regulations 21 CFR Parts 312 and 812). With the primary purpose of improving access of the public to clinical trials where individuals with serious diseases and conditions might find experimental treatments, this law required information about:
The National Library of Medicine in the National Institutes of Health made ClinicalTrials.gov available to the public via the Internet on February 29, 2000. In this initial release, ClinicalTrials.gov primarily included information about NIH-sponsored trials, omitting the majority of clinical trials being performed by private industry. On March 29, 2000 the FDA issued a Draft Guidance called Information Program on Clinical Trials for Serious or Life-Threatening Diseases: Establishment of a Data Bank and put into In) with the hope that this would increase use by industry. After a second draft guidance was released in June 2001, a final guidance was issued on March 18, 2002 titled Guidance for Industry Information Program on Clinical Trials for Serious or Life-Threatening Diseases and Conditions. The Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act of 2004 (BPCA or Public Law 107-109 amended the Public Health Service Act to require that additional information be included in ClinicalTrials.gov.
As the result of toxicity tracking concerns raised following retraction of several drugs from the prescription market, ClinicalTrials.gov was further reinforced by the Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007 (FDAAA or U.S. Public Law 110-85) which mandated the expansion of ClinicalTrials.gov for better tracking of the basic results of clinical trials, requiring:
Trial record life-cycle.
The trial typically goes through stages of: initial registration, ongoing record updates, and basic summary result submission. Each trial record is administered by trial record manager. A trial record manager typically provides initial trial registration prior the study enrolls the first participant. This also facilitates informing potential participants that the trial is no longer recruiting participants. Once all participants were recruited, the trial record may be updated to indicate that is closed to recruitment. Once all measurements are collected (the trial formally completes), the trial status is updated to 'complete'. If the trial terminates for some reason (e.g., lack of enrollment, evidence of initial adverse outcomes), the status may be updated to 'terminated'. Once final trial results are known or legal deadlines are met, the trial record manager may upload basic summary results to the registry either by filling a complex web-based form or submitting a compliant XML file.
Current status.
The National Institutes of Health (NIH) of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) held a public meeting on Monday, April 20, 2009, on Expansion of the Clinical Trial Registry and Results Data Bank in accordance with section 801 of the Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007 (FDAAA) Law 110-85. The meeting was held in the Masur Auditorium on the NIH campus, and videotaped for public access. NIH is now considering comments submitted from the public on what should be included in this expansion of the database. One of goals of the expansion is to have more clearly defined and consistent standards for the reporting of clinical trials. This mandate will allow public access of the clinical trial data in this registry data bank, and that the information formats are easily used and compared by the public.
Relationship to PubMed.
PubMed is another resource managed by the National Library of Medicine. A trial with an NCT identification number that is registered in ClinicalTrials.gov can be linked to a journal article with an PubMed identification number (PMID). Such link is created either by the author of the journal article by mentioning the trial ID in the abstract (abstract trial-article link) or by the trial record manager when the registry record is updated with a PMID of an article that reports trial results (registry trial-article link). A 2013 study analyzing 8907 interventional trials registered in ClinicalTrials.gov found that 23.2% of trials had abstract-linked result articles and 7.3% of trials had registry-linked articles. 2.7% of trials had both types of links. Most trials are linked to a single result article (76.4%). The study also found that 72.2% of trials had no formal linked result article.

</doc>
<doc id="20506238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506238" title="Yannick de Wit">
Yannick de Wit

Yannick de Wit (born 26 August 1986, Zaanstad) is a Dutch football player currently playing for FC Emmen. He formerly played for FC Volendam and Go Ahead Eagles.

</doc>
<doc id="20506248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506248" title="Range condition scoring">
Range condition scoring

Range Condition Scoring was developed as a way to quantify biodiversity in a given rangeland system. This practice is widely used in the Sand Hills region of Nebraska, as well as the tallgrass prairie regions, as evidenced by the authoritative book on the subject, "Range Judging Handbook and Contest Guide for Nebraska." This book outlines the steps required to evaluate, or score, a particular region of rangeland; and it serves as a baseline for the understanding of this method of judging rangeland health.
Completing a survey.
A certain area of land is chosen for a survey and random selections are made to determine where species composition measurements must be taken. Once these areas are selected, plant species composition measurements are taken by clipping the plants in a cordoned off area and measuring the mass of each type of plant species. This can then be compared to the entire plant mass in the area to determine the percent of each species located within the area.
Once these percentages are determined, they can be compared with the "Guides for determining range condition" located in the Range Judging Handbook. These tables show the amount of each species that is allowed in each area of rangeland. The tables differ depending upon average rainfall as well as soil type. These differences occur because the climax plant community would differ as the variables of rainfall and soil type change.
The score that is computed will fall in the range of 0-25% if the range is in "Poor" Condition, 26-50% if the range is in "Fair" Condition, 51-75% if the range is in "Good" Condition, and 76-100% if the range is in "Excellent" Condition.
By taking the range condition score that is determined, the researcher then can use Table 4 in the Nebraska Cooperative Extension Circular EC 86-113-C to determine an "Adjustment Factor for Initial Stocking Rate." This adjustment factor is then multiplied with the correct number found in Table 3 of the same Extension Circular to determine an initial stocking rate value for livestock. This stocking rate is expressed in units called AUM/acre (Animal Unit Months per acre). AUMs are based on the amount of forage that a 1000 pound animal will graze in one month's time, which is roughly 780 pounds of air-dry forage. This information is further detailed in the "Nebraska Handbook of Range Management" (EC 92-124-E by Reece and Stubbendieck).
By connecting the research completed involving quantifying rangeland health to the research completed involving livestock grazing and distribution, we now have a system in place to more properly manage stocking rates of grazing livestock. In addition, we have a system that determines the amount of forage that should not be grazed to provide adequate support for wildlife biodiversity. This use, as well as others, is detailed below.
Uses.
Management tool.
For livestock ranchers, landowners, wildlife conservationists, business owners of fee hunting enterprises and many others, that range condition score of certain tracts of rangeland can prove very valuable. The reasons for this include either valuation of rangeland or for impacts regarding changes in management of rangeland. When management practices are put in place to improve biodiversity and overall range health, this method of range condition scoring is one way of monitoring the improvements (or lack thereof). One example of the value of range condition scoring as a management tool can be seen in Leonard Sisson's research entitled "Recommendations for Management of Sharp-Tailed Grouse in the Nebraska Sand Hills." In this work, he correlates the rise in range condition scores of rangeland to the increase in population of Sharp-tailed Grouse.
Inclusion in leases.
Other uses for range condition scores involve inclusion in leases that specify a certain level of range condition must be maintained. This may involve clauses which force the landowner to remove cattle from a certain area of leased range once a specified decrease in range condition score has occurred. For instance, when grazing pressure has increased, certain undesirable plants that do not contribute to a high range condition score (such as annual plants or non-natives) may increase. When this occurs, grazing rights must be relinquished to allow for adequate rest of the plant community. This should stimulate the lessee to maintain good grazing management to make his livestock grazing patterns more sustainable.
Stocking rates.
Other uses for range condition scoring include making adjustments to stocking rate of grazing livestock as the range condition score changes in a certain pasture. This is evident when annual changes in precipitation have an effect on rangeland health. When a producer can determine the estimated forage available before the grazing season begins, this will allow the producer to be more flexible in his grazing management decisions. In EC 91-123, Reece et al. show how specific grazing management techniques may be used on order to more effectively mitigate drought and other precipitation changes on rangeland.
An owner of a fee-hunting enterprise would be able to determine suitability for hunting certain species of game animals because research has shown that wildlife populations and overall biodiversity increase as the Range Condition Score Increases. Biodiversity Increases are most apparent because Range Condition Scoring is a direct measure of plant population biodiversity relative to the climax plant community. However, animal biodiversity is tougher to correlate, but is done so by Sisson in the previously cited work.
A producer is able to use stocking rate data to more efficiently and evenly distribute grazing livestock in areas of rangeland. By determining the costs of cross-fencing a certain pasture, for example, the producer would compute the materials and labor needed to complete the task. By determining the benefits, he would determine the increase in harvest efficiency of the rangeland by more evenly distributing the livestock by moving the herd from one smaller pasture to another rather than continuously grazing the herd in one larger pasture. By cross-fencing and rotationally grazing, the livestock producer may be able to decrease or eliminate harmful effects of his operation on the rangeland, and also increase his productivity be being able to increase his herd size. This process is detailed in numerous grazing management research papers, one of which is by Waller, S., et al. and is titled "Understanding Grass Growth: the Key to Profitable Livestock Production."
Moving Forward.
There has been a shift in thought regarding grassland ecology as a new theory of "stable state ecology" has been proposed by van Andel and Grootjans (2006). This may serve as an alternative to the Range Condition Scoring method in terms of management towards climax plant communities.
Holistic Resource Management.
Holistic Resource Management, an acronym commonly mistaken for "Holistic Ranch Management," is a system of resource management which emphasizes decision making for the long-term. This is a concept identified by Allan Savory, the famed Zimbabwean biologist, rancher, and environmentalist. This concept focuses on healing damaged land, while increasing productivity and sustainability. Range Condition Scoring is an important factor in this process as it serves as a quantifier. Even though "qualitative" evidence like "the range looks better" or "it looks like there is better ground cover" or "the grass seems more resilient to drought than in the 1930's because of the way ranchers manage things today," it is important that we use "quantitative" evidence rather than qualitative. A number of concepts and principles may be in place to solve rangeland health and degradation issues, but none of them are possible if monitoring and quantitative evidence are not present. Savory also developed the Savory brittleness scale which reflects the distribution of humidity throughout the year and how well the land can recover if left after being cleared.

</doc>
<doc id="20506275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506275" title="Bernard Hofstede">
Bernard Hofstede

Bernard Hofstede (born 22 September 1980) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a midfielder for Dutch club De Treffers.

</doc>
<doc id="20506281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506281" title="Sadler 29">
Sadler 29

The Sadler 29 is a popular British sailing yacht designed by David Sadler. Over 400 Sadler 29s were produced. In April 1988 the Sadler 29 was the oldest design to take part in Yachting World’s Mini Rally.
Construction.
The hull is made of GRP with a full GRP inner molding, the space between these skins is filled with polyurethane foam, this meant the boat is unsinkable in the event of taking on water. If the boat should become full of water she should still float according to the famous Archimedes principle. The old naval wartime experience that "your ship is your best lifeboat" helps explain why designers thought that there was a need for an unsinkable yacht to promote further safety at sea. Fire could still sink such a vessel, this method of construction should be viewed as one of the many design features that can help promote safety-at-sea. For more information see International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea.
References.
1. Jinks, Simon. "Sadler 29" Yachting Monthly February 20012. Bruce, Peter. "Adlard Coles' Heavy Weather Sailing" by Peter Bruce, 5th Edition Adlard Coles Nautical London.

</doc>
<doc id="20506304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506304" title="Property testing">
Property testing

In computer science, a property testing algorithm for a decision problem is an algorithm whose query complexity to its input is much smaller than the instance size of the problem. Typically property testing algorithms are used to decide if some mathematical object (such as a graph or a boolean function) has a "global" property, or is "far" from having this property, using only a small number of "local" queries to the object.
For example, the following promise problem admits an algorithm whose query complexity is independent of the instance size (for an arbitrary constant ε > 0):
Property testing algorithms are important in the theory of probabilistically checkable proofs.
Definition and variants.
Formally, a property testing algorithm with query complexity "q"("n") and "proximity parameter" ε for a decision problem "L" is a randomized algorithm that, on input "x" (an instance of "L") makes at most "q"(|"x"|) queries to "x" and behaves as follows:
Here, ""x" is ε-far from "L"" means that the Hamming distance between "x" and any string in "L" is at least ε|"x"|.
A property testing algorithm is said to have "one-sided error" if it satisfies the stronger condition that the accepting probability for instances "x ∈ L" is 1 instead of ⅔.
A property testing algorithm is said be "non-adaptive" if it performs all its queries before it "observes" any answers to previous queries. Such an algorithm can be viewed as operating in the following manner. First the algorithm receives its input. Before looking at the input, using its internal randomness, the algorithm decides which symbols of the input are to be queried. Next, the algorithm observes these symbols. Finally, without making any additional queries (but possibly using its randomness), the algorithm decides whether to accept or reject the input.
Features and limitations.
The main efficiency parameter of a property testing algorithm is its query complexity, which is the maximum number of input symbols inspected over all inputs of a given length (and all random choices made by the algorithm). One is interested in designing algorithms whose query complexity is as small as possible. In many cases the running time of property testing algorithms is sublinear in the instance length. Typically, the goal is first to make the query complexity as small as possible as a function of the instance size "n", and then study the dependency on the proximity parameter ε.
Unlike other complexity-theoretic settings, the asymptotic query complexity of property testing algorithms is affected dramatically by the representation of instances. For example, when ε = 0.01, the problem of testing bipartiteness of "dense graphs" (which are represented by their adjacency matrix) admits an algorithm of constant query complexity. In contrast, sparse graphs on "n" vertices (which are represented by their adjacency list) require property testing algorithms of query complexity formula_2.
The query complexity of property testing algorithms grows as the proximity parameter ε becomes smaller for all non-trivial properties. This dependence on ε is necessary as a change of fewer than ε symbols in the input cannot be detected with constant probability using fewer than O(1/ε) queries. Many interesting properties of dense graphs can be tested using query complexity that depends only on ε and not on the graph size "n". However, the query complexity can grow enormously fast as a function of ε. For example, for a long time the best known algorithm for testing if a graph does not contain any triangle had a query complexity which is a tower function of "poly"(1/ε), and only in 2010 this has been improved to a tower function of "log"(1/ε). One of the reasons for this enormous growth in bounds is that many of the positive results for property testing of graphs are established using the Szemerédi regularity lemma, which also has tower-type bounds in its conclusions.

</doc>
<doc id="20506306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506306" title="Eden Cale">
Eden Cale

Eden Myfanwy Cale (born July 14, 1985) is an American actress and filmmaker. She is the daughter of Risé Irushalmi Cale and Velvet Underground founding member John Cale.
In 2006, Eden Cale performed in the film "Revolution in Three Acts", directed by filmmaker Valerie Veatch, which screened at the New York International Independent Film & Video Festival. Her directorial debut, "The Roast", was awarded Best Dark Comedy Short at the 2010 New York International Independent Film & Video Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20506313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506313" title="Furdjel Narsingh">
Furdjel Narsingh

Furdjel Narsingh (born 13 March 1988 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a Winger for PEC Zwolle in the Dutch Eredivisie. He formerly played for AZ, Volendam and Telstar.
Career.
Narsingh began his career with Zeeburgia and later joined Jong Ajax. In summer 2006 he signed with AZ Alkmaar and was loaned out in July 2008 to FC Volendam till 30 June 2009.
On 19 June 2009 the 21-year-old striker joined Telstar for the season 2009/2010 on loan from AZ Alkmaar.
On 6 July 2011 Furdjel Narsingh joined FC Zwolle.
Personal.
Narsingh is of Surinamese and Indian descent and has a brother called Luciano who plays for PSV Eindhoven.

</doc>
<doc id="20506334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506334" title="Stockholm municipal election, 1991">
Stockholm municipal election, 1991

The Stockholm municipal election of 1991 was held on 15 September 1991 concurrently with the 1991 Swedish parliamentary election. This election used a party-list proportional representation system to allocate the 101 seats of the Stockholm City Council ("Stockholms stadsfullmäktige") amongst the various Swedish political parties. Voter turnout was 81.6%.
Three political parties gained seats on the Stockholm City Council for the first time as a result of this election. The oldest was the Christian Democratic Social Party, which was founded in 1964, and also won a parliamentary mandate for the first time in this election. Another new addition was the Swedish Green Party, which had been participating in elections since 1982 but first won seats on the city council in this election; though they were already represented in the national Swedish Riksdag since the elections of 1988. The last new party on the city council was New Democracy, a new right-wing party which also entered the Riksdag for the first time in this year.
As a result, a total of nine political parties were represented on the Stockholm City Council after this election, the most at any point as of the 2006 elections.
The Social Democrats were allocated 33 seats as a result of this election, which at the time was their lowest mandate since the introduction of universal male suffrage in 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="20506341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506341" title="Wisconsin Project on Nuclear Arms Control">
Wisconsin Project on Nuclear Arms Control

The Wisconsin Project on Nuclear Arms Control is a private non-profit, non-partisan organization, which, according to its website, "carries out research and public education designed to stop the spread of nuclear weapons, chemical/biological weapons and long-range missiles. It is a private, non-profit, non-partisan foundation that operates in Washington, D.C. under the auspices of the University of Wisconsin." 
The organization was founded by Emeritus Professor Gary Milhollin, who led the Wisconsin Project for twenty-five years. Valerie Lincy now serves as executive director.
The Wisconsin Project receives financing through grants from the U.S. government and from several private foundations, the identities of which are undisclosed.
Products.
In 1995, the Wisconsin Project began publication of The Risk Report, which is now a subscription database used by governments and private companies to screen business transactions and verify the legitimacy of foreign buyers. Drawing from unclassified sources, The Risk Report contains up-to-date information on sensitive products and technologies, export regulations, and organizations and individuals linked to WMD proliferation. Matthew Godsey is editor of the Risk Report.
The Wisconsin Project also tracks WMD proliferation through its two watchdog web sites, Iraq Watch and Iran Watch. Created in 2002, Iraq Watch detailed key Iraqi entities involved in weapons proliferation, listed their foreign suppliers, and provided access to documents describing Iraq’s past WMD-related activities. The site was last updated in August 2006. Iran Watch, launched in September 2004, follows the format of its successful predecessor, listing suspect Iranian organizations and sites and their foreign suppliers. The site also provides original analyses and external resources relating to Iran’s WMD capabilities. Valerie Lincy is the editor and principal investigator for Iran Watch.
History.
In 1986, the Wisconsin Project revealed that Norway, because of a secret export of heavy water to Israel, had the right to inspect Israel's nuclear program. The revelation forced Israel to return half of the nuclear material to Norway and forced Norway to abandon its dangerous nuclear export business.
The Project’s activism in the early 1990s drew attention to the proliferation threat posed by Iraq. In a series of publications, the Project argued that nuclear inspections in Iraq would fail unless they became more aggressive. The Project also argued for better export controls by exposing past sales of sensitive equipment by western firms to Iraqi builders of nuclear weapons, chemical weapons, and long-range missiles.
In 1998, the U.S. government used data from the Wisconsin Project to restrict U.S. trade with 63 organizations involved in the nuclear and missile programs of India and Pakistan, following those countries’ nuclear tests.
In 2000, the Wisconsin Project launched a public-private initiative to improve export controls in the former Soviet Union and Eastern Europe. The program was expanded in 2002 in cooperation with the Department of Defense, the Department of State, and the Customs Service. To date, nearly 800 export control officials have been trained in some 30 countries around the world.
In 2005, Professor Milhollin testified before the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission that weaknesses in U.S. sanctions law were allowing companies helping to spread weapons of mass destruction to go unpunished. The Project’s research was the basis for a November 2005 Senate bill that would have eliminated these loopholes and increased the severity of sanctions against companies that continued to proliferate to Iran.
In 2007, the Project supplied information on Iranian organizations linked to nuclear and missile work that contributed to decisions by the United Nations, the United States and the European Union to freeze the assets of several of these organizations. The Project also exposed the inadequacies of U.S. sanctions enforcement against Iran at the time.
In 2008, the Project published a report revealing that the U.S. Commerce Department was cutting controls on the sale of militarily useful American products to China. After the report was published, the Commerce Department suspended and then reduced its effort to cut the controls.
In 2009, the Project helped the New York County District Attorney’s Office investigate sales from China to Iran of nuclear- and missile-usable technology that passed through New York banks. The Project testified on the commodities and firms involved before a grand jury in New York City that subsequently indicted the Chinese company that was making the sales.
In 2010, the Project published a report featured in the Wall Street Journal that described how Iran’s national shipping company, blacklisted by the United States along with 123 of its vessels, was evading U.S. sanctions by giving its ships new names, new managers, and new “owners.” Following the Project’s report, the U.S. Treasury Department blacklisted many of the ships' new names, along with their new owners and managers.
In 2011, the Project expanded the impact of its Risk Report database, with support from the U.S. State Department, by providing training to hundreds of export control officials in eleven countries, including Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Macedonia, Mexico, Slovenia, and Ukraine. 

</doc>
<doc id="20506353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506353" title="Gerson Sheotahul">
Gerson Sheotahul

Gerson Sheotahul (born April 19, 1987) is a Dutch-Curaçaoan football player for Dutch Eerste Divisie side FC Volendam.
Born in Amsterdam, he played with the youth teams of Amsterdam amateur sides RKSV DCG and AFC. He made his professional debut for FC Volendam and was signed by Willem II Tilburg in 2009. During the season 2011-12 he was on loan at Telstar. In 2013 he moved to Iraklis Psachna in Greece's Football League.
He is eligible to play for the national teams of Netherlands or Curaçao.

</doc>
<doc id="20506358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506358" title="List of villages in the Durham Dales">
List of villages in the Durham Dales

A list of Villages in the Durham Dales;
__NOTOC__
A.
Allensford, Aukside, 
B.
Barnigham, Bedburn, Benfieldside, Boldron, Bowbank, Bowes, Bowlees, Bridgehill, Brignall, Brotherlee, 
C.
Close House, Copley, Copthill, Cornriggs, Cowshill, Cornsay, Cornsay Colliery, Cotherstone, Craigside, Crawleyside,
D.
Daddry Shield, Delves Lane, Dent Bank, Dipton,
E.
East Blackdene, East Briscoe, Eastgate, Edmundbyers, Egglesburn, Eggleston, Escomb, Esh, Ettersgill, 
F.
Fir Tree, Forest-in-Teesdale, Frosterley
G.
Gilmonby, Grassholme, Greta Bridge, 
H.
Hamsterley, Hamsterley, Consett, Harwood, Healeyfield, High Dyke, Hill End, Hill Top, Holwick, Horsleyhope, Hunderthwaite, Hunstanworth, Hury, Hutton Magna,
I.
Inkerman, Ireshopeburn, 
K.
Kinninvie, 
L.
Laithkirk, Lanehead, Langdon Beck, Lartington, Little Newsham, Low Etherley, 
M.
Mickleton, Middle Side, Morley, Muggleswick
N.
New House, Newbiggin, 
O.
Ovington
p.
Pontop Pike
R.
Ramshaw, Romaldkirk, Rookhope
S.
Scargill, Shotley Bridge, Snaisgill, St John's Chapel, Staindrop, Stainton, Startforth,
T.
The Grove, Thornley, Thringarth, Toft Hill, Townfield,
W.
Waskerley, Wearhead, West Blackdene, West Pasture, Westgate, Westwick, Whorlton, Winston, Witton-le-Wear, Wolsingham, Woodland, Wycliffe

</doc>
<doc id="20506359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506359" title="Aama">
Aama

Aama may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20506363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506363" title="Mumford &amp; Sons">
Mumford &amp; Sons

Mumford & Sons are an all-male English folk rock band. The band consists of Marcus Mumford (lead vocals, guitar, drums, mandolin), Ben Lovett (vocals, keyboards, accordion, drums), Winston Marshall (vocals, banjo, guitar, resonator guitar), and Ted Dwane (vocals, string bass, drums, guitar). Mumford & Sons were formed in December 2007, emerging from West London with such artists as Laura Marling, Johnny Flynn and Noah and the Whale.
Mumford & Sons recorded an EP, "Love Your Ground", and performed in small to medium-sized venues in the UK and the United States playing to new audiences and raising interest for a forthcoming album. Their debut album, "Sigh No More", was released in the UK and Ireland in October 2009, and February 2010 in the US. The album reached number one in Ireland, Australia and New Zealand, and eventually peaked at number two on the UK Albums Chart and the "Billboard" 200 in the US. The band gained popularity throughout 2010, performing for larger audiences and making their first network television appearances in the US. On 1 December 2010, the band received two Grammy Award nominations, one for Best New Artist and the other for Best Rock Song ("Little Lion Man"). The ensuing live performance at the Grammy ceremony in February 2011 led to increased airplay and popularity for singles from "Sigh No More". The band won the ARIA Music Award for Most Popular International Artist in 2010, and the Brit Award in 2011 for Best British Album.
The band's second studio album "Babel" was released in September 2012. The album debuted at number one in the UK and US, becoming the fastest selling album of 2012 in the UK, and the second-biggest selling debut in 2012 in the US. At the 2013 Grammy Awards, they sang "I Will Wait" and "Babel" won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year. In 2013 the band won a Brit Award for Best British Group.
On 20 September 2013, the band announced they were going on hiatus for a "considerable amount of time." In December 2013, the band's bassist, Ted Dwane, stated that the band would be meeting to write new music in February 2014. 
Career.
Early years: 2007–2008.
Mumford & Sons were formed in December 2007 by multi-instrumentalists Marcus Mumford, Ben Lovett, Winston Marshall, and Ted Dwane. Band members play guitar, drums, keyboard instruments, bass guitar, and traditional folk instruments such as banjo, mandolin and resonator guitar. The band name originates from the fact that Marcus Mumford was the most visible member, organising the band and their performances. Lovett indicated that the name was meant to invoke the sense of an "antiquated family business name".
A handful of similar bands were increasing their visibility in West London around the same time, giving rise to the label "West London folk scene". Mumford downplays that characterisation as an exaggeration—Mumford & Sons and a few other folk acts just happened to be operating in the same general area at the time. In an interview with the "Herald Sun", Marcus Mumford said, "It's not folk really. Well, some of it is, and it's certainly not a scene. Someone got over-excited about a few bands who live in a hundred-mile radius and put it in a box to sell it as a package. It's a community, not a scene. It's not exclusive." Having developed in the same musical and cultural environment, Mumford & Sons' sound has been compared to that of artists such as Noah and the Whale, Johnny Flynn, and Laura Marling, for whom Marcus Mumford used to drum.
In early 2008 the band began working with manager Adam Tudhope, who, as part of management company Everybody's, also represents Keane and Laura Marling. It was through Tudhope's connection that Mumford & Sons were exposed to their future A&R at Island, Louis Bloom, who began monitoring the band. Bloom told HitQuarters that they were still at a fledgling state and not yet ready for a label deal: "There was no one there for it, just a few friends, and they needed time to develop. Over the next six months I kept going to see them and they were literally picking up fans every time."
In February 2008, the band completed an extensive UK tour with support from Alessi's Ark, Sons of Noel and Adrian, Peggy Sue, and others. June 2008 marked the band's first appearance at the Glastonbury Festival. They also toured Australia with Laura Marling, whose disinclination to interact with audiences encouraged Mumford into the spotlight. The experience helped inform his attitude toward Mumford & Sons audiences, which is to interact frequently and to try to create a comfortable, casual atmosphere. Mumford & Sons' first project was an EP entitled "Love Your Ground" which took a year to complete and was released in November 2008 on Chess Club Records.
"Sigh No More": 2009–2010.
Throughout 2008 and into 2009, Mumford & Sons performed in small to moderate venues in the UK and US, exposing audiences to "Love Your Ground" tracks and other material that would eventually become "Sigh No More". The band finally recorded "Sigh No More" with Markus Dravs, who had produced albums with artists such as Arcade Fire. At the time, band members did not even own their own instruments—Dravs initially turned them away when they showed up at the recording sessions empty-handed. The only track from "Love Your Ground" to be included on "Sigh No More" was "Little Lion Man". The band told the "Herald Sun" that they self-financed the album to avoid the artistic and technical compromises that sometimes befall studio-financed projects. They toured again in support of Laura Marling in 2009, and Mumford & Sons were contributing musicians to her 2010 album "I Speak Because I Can".
In August 2009, Mumford & Sons signed a licensing deal to Island Records in the UK, to Dew Process in Australia and New Zealand, to Glassnote Records in North America and Cooperative Music in the rest of the world, and through its own label Gentlemen of the Road. Dew Process boss Paul Piticco signed the band after witnessing a US performance in 2009 and appreciating their "honest" approach and unique sound. Their debut album was released on 5 October 2009 with "Little Lion Man" as the lead single.
Dave Berry of XFM named "Little Lion Man" his record of the week, and in another interview with the band, Berry said "Screw 'of the week', it's my favourite track of the year." BBC Radio 1 DJ Zane Lowe made "Little Lion Man" his "Reaction Record" on 27 July 2009, before naming it the "Hottest Record in the World" the following evening.
In their first performance on US network television, the band played "Little Lion Man" on CBS's "Late Show with David Letterman" on 17 February 2010. This appearance was followed by a performance of "The Cave" on "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson" on 26 February 2010. Mumford & Sons have been commercially successful in Australia and New Zealand. By January 2010 "Little Lion Man" topped the Triple J Hottest 100 list for all of 2009, with its margin of victory the largest in the history of the chart. In November 2010, the band won an ARIA Music Award for Most Popular International Artist. "Sigh No More" first reached number 9 on the New Zealand charts in October 2010, and subsequently topped the chart in January 2011 due to the popularity of the singles from the album.
In a March 2010 interview, Ray Davies announced that Mumford & Sons will be appearing on his forthcoming collaborations album. Marcus Mumford confirmed this in an interview the same month, stating, "I am more excited about that than I have been about anything before in my life". Mumford & Sons performed the track "Days/This Time Tomorrow" along with Davies on 12 February 2010 on "Later... with Jools Holland".
In December 2010, Mumford & Sons earned Grammy Award nominations for Best New Artist and Best Rock Song ("Little Lion Man"). While they did not go on to win an award, the band performed their single "The Cave" at the Grammy ceremony. The performance earned positive media attention and boosted visibility for "Sigh No More"—US sales increased by 99% in the period following the ceremony in February 2011. The album subsequently peaked at number two on the UK Albums Chart and the Billboard 200 in the US.
On 7 December 2010, in collaboration with Dharohar Project and Laura Marling, Mumford & Sons released an EP album recorded in Delhi, India. The album was recorded in a makeshift studio with traditional Rajasthani musicians and features four collaborations, including multicultural mash-ups of Marling's "Devil's Spoke" and Mumford & Sons' "To Darkness." "Sigh No More" is certified 2x Platinum in the US and 4x Platinum in the UK.
"Babel": 2011–2013.
The band continued to grow in popularity in 2011, winning several major awards and headlining larger shows and festivals. In February 2011, they received a European Border Breakers Award for their international success. They received a Brit Award for British Album of the Year with "Sigh No More" and performed "Timshel" at the ceremony. UK sales of the album subsequently increased by 266 percent. While touring the United States in early 2011, the band began writing songs for the follow-up album. Keyboardist Ben Lovett credited the creative atmosphere of Nashville, Tennessee with easing the songwriting process. While performing in Kansas City, Missouri on 3 June, the first stop of their US tour, the band announced they had been recording a new album, initially set to be released in late 2011. They then performed several new tracks from the forthcoming album, the title of which was not revealed.
In April 2011 the group joined Old Crow Medicine Show and Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros on the inaugural Railroad Revival Tour, which was inspired by the Festival Express tour across Canada in 1970 that included Buddy Guy, Janis Joplin, The Grateful Dead, and The Band. Travelling exclusively in vintage rail cars, the three bands performed in six "unique outdoor locations" over the course of a week starting in Oakland, California. Ketch Secor of Old Crow told "American Songwriter" that "It’s like we left all our baggage at home and just brought our instruments," often writing new songs while on the train. "We were just on these old rattling rails. It was a railroad odyssey that would have made Woody and Doc tip their hats and blow their whistles," he says. They appear in the musical documentary "Big Easy Express", directed by Emmett Malloy, being made of the trip which premiered March 2012 at the South by Southwest Film Conference and Festival (SXSW Film) in Austin, Texas—winning the Headliner Audience Award. The film went on to win "Best Long Form Video" at the 2013 Grammy Awards.
Mumford & Sons played at the Glastonbury Festival on Friday 24 June 2011, and then embarked on a North American tour on which they frequently performed songs from the upcoming album. They recorded two songs for Andrea Arnold's adaptation of "Wuthering Heights", one of which (entitled "Enemy") is featured during the closing credits. In June 2012, Mumford & Sons contributed the song "Learn Me Right" with Birdy to the Pixar film "Brave", which came to be called "Not with Haste".
On 16 July 2012, Mumford & Sons officially announced the details of their second studio album "Babel", including the release date of 24 September 2012 and a track listing of 12 songs. A deluxe edition containing three exclusive songs was also announced. A week later, the album became available for pre-order. The lead single "I Will Wait" premiered on Zane Lowe's BBC Radio 1 show on 7 August. Their performance of I will wait at Glastonbury has been repeatedly used throughout each night for most of 2013 on BBC 2 as part of the channels self-promotion. On 29 August 2012, Mumford & Sons recorded their concert at Red Rocks Amphitheatre in Colorado. The Concert was later released on DVD, Vinyl and on iTunes as "Road to Red Rocks". The performance of "I Will Wait" from the concert was released ahead of the DVD on 9 September as the band's official video for the song. On 22 September 2012, the band performed two songs from the new album, "I Will Wait" and "Below My Feet", on "Saturday Night Live".
"Babel" debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart and the US Billboard 200. It became the fastest selling album of 2012 in the UK, selling over 158,000 copies in its first week, and was the biggest selling debut of any album in 2012 in the US, selling 600,000 in its first week, and over a million worldwide.
In December 2012, Winston Marshall told NME that the band was rehearsing and writing for their next album.
The first phase of a in support of "Babel" was released in November 2012. Their Gentlemen of the Road tour continued through 2013. After performing two shows on 8 & 9 June 2013 at the Austin360 Amphitheater in Austin, Texas, United States, bassist Ted Dwane checked himself into a hospital the next day. Surgeons found a blood clot on the surface of his brain and performed surgery on Dwane to remove it. Heeding medical advice to aid Dwane's recovery, the band cancelled the rest of its "Summer Stampede Tour", including performances at the 2013 Bonnaroo Music Festival and returned to the United Kingdom. Dwane's surgery was successful, and his recovery was such that the band managed to headline Glastonbury Festival.
After first including select stopover cities in their 2012 Tour, the band decided to once again select five cities throughout the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom to play host to a two day festival with continual shows on multiple stages as well as various other activities and performances. The first stopover of the 2013 Gentleman of the Road tour was in Lewes, England from the 19th to 20 July. Next was Simcoe, Ontario from the 23rd to 24 August, followed by Troy, Ohio from the 30th to 31 August. The band rounded out their tour with stopovers in Guthrie, Oklahoma on 6 and 7 September and finally St. Augustine, Florida on 13 and 14 September. The Vaccines, Edward Sharpe & the Magnetic Zeros, Vampire Weekend, Old Crow Medicine Show, Yacht Club DJs, Alabama Shakes, and various other bands also performed at many of the stopovers throughout the tour.
Hiatus: 2013–present.
On 20 September 2013, they announced they were going on hiatus for a "considerable amount of time.". "There won't be any Mumford & Sons activities for the foreseeable future following Friday's show," said Ben Lovett, the keyboardist, in an interview with "Rolling Stone".
Musical style and influences.
The band uses bluegrass and folk instrumentation, such as a banjo, upright bass, mandolin and piano, played with a rhythmic style based in alternative rock and folk. Much of Mumford & Sons' lyrical content has a strong literary influence, its debut album name deriving from William Shakespeare's "Much Ado About Nothing". The track "Sigh No More" includes lines from the play such as "Serve God love me and mend", "For man is a giddy thing", and "One foot in sea and one on shore." The song "Roll Away Your Stone,"'s title alludes to "Macbeth"; the song includes the line "Stars hide your fires/And these here are my desires" which borrows and pares down Macbeth's line in Act 1 Scene 4:"Stars, hide your fires,/Let not light see my black and deep desires." In an interview, Mumford was quoted as saying, "You can rip off Shakespeare all you like; no lawyer's going to call you up on that one."
Additionally, "The Cave" includes several references to "The Odyssey", in particular the sirens that Odysseus encounters on his journey home. The song also contains many references to G.K. Chesterton's book, "St. Francis of Assisi", in which Chesterton uses Plato's Cave as a way of explaining how St. Francis views the world from God's perspective. In addition, the song "Little Lion Man" appears to be a retelling in dramatic monologue form of Chretien de Troyes' "Yvain, the Knight of the Lion", which is the story of a knight who goes mad after betraying a promise to his wife to return to her.
Both "Timshel" and "Dust Bowl Dance" draw heavily from the John Steinbeck novels "Of Mice and Men", "East of Eden" and "The Grapes of Wrath". Mumford, in an interview, even compared touring to a Steinbeck adventure: " talked about how a journey is a thing of its own, and you can't plan it or predict it too much because that suffocates the life out of it. That's kind of what touring is like. Even though there's a structure—you know what towns you're going to, and that you'll be playing a gig—pretty much anything can happen."
In the documentary "Big Easy Express", Marcus Mumford recognises the Old Crow Medicine Show influence: "I first heard Old Crow’s music when I was, like, 16, 17, and that really got me into, like, folk music, bluegrass. I mean, I’d listened to a lot of Dylan, but I hadn’t really ventured into the country world so much. So Old Crow were the band that made me fall in love with country music." Mumford acknowledges that "the band inspired them to pick up the banjo and start their now famous country nights in London." Ketch Secor, Old Crow front-man, concurs: "Those boys took the message and ran with it."
Emmylou Harris was ... 
Not every critic is impressed with the group's style. Ian Brennan, writing in "Guitar Player", lamented that "a band like Mumford & Sons unplugs and bulldozes all of the subtlety out of a working-class art form. The degree of artificiality that we are steeped in had deepened to such a degree that a group of aristocratic Brits (one of whom Marshall is the son of a billionaire who is among the richest men in England) can ride to the top of the charts and win an "Americana" award with hardly a soul batting an eye."

</doc>
<doc id="20506371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506371" title="1990 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1990 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1990 Alabama Crimson Tide football team represented the University of Alabama for the 1990 college football season. The Crimson Tide was led by first-year head coach Gene Stallings, replacing Bill Curry who left for the University of Kentucky.
Summary.
The 1990 season got off to an excruciating start, as the Tide and new coach Gene Stallings lost three games by a combined total of eight points. In the opener against Southern Miss, star tailback Siran Stacy tore ligaments in his knee and missed the rest of the season. Against Florida, quarterback Gary Hollingsworth threw three interceptions to Florida safety Will White, and the Gators scored the winning touchdown on a blocked punt.
After wins over lightly regarded Vanderbilt and SW Louisiana (now Louisiana-Lafayette), Bama traveled to Knoxville to face undefeated, third-ranked Tennessee. The result was a shocking 9–6 upset victory, Alabama's fifth in a row in the Third Saturday in October rivalry. The game was a defensive struggle and a field goal duel. UT's kicker Greg Harris, who hit a 51-yard field goal try to tie the game with ten minutes left, attempted a 50-yarder for the win with 1:35 to go, but Alabama's Stacy Harrison blocked the kick and the ball bounced to the Tennessee 37-yard line. The Crimson Tide advanced the ball seven yards on three running plays, setting up Philip Doyle's third field goal, a game-winning 48-yarder as time expired.
The next game was an ugly 9–0 loss to Penn State in which Hollingsworth threw five interceptions and Bama rushed for only six yards. However, Alabama bounced back to win four in a row and salvage a winning season after the 0–3 start. Most importantly, Alabama won its first Iron Bowl in five years, dominating Auburn defensively and winning 16–7. It was the seventh game in a row in which the Alabama defense held the opposition to single digits. The season ended with a lopsided 34–7 bowl loss to Louisville, and Alabama finished 7–5.

</doc>
<doc id="20506374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506374" title="Steinitz exchange lemma">
Steinitz exchange lemma

The Steinitz exchange lemma is a basic theorem in linear algebra used, for example, to show that any two bases for a finite-dimensional vector space have the same number of elements. The result is named after the German mathematician Ernst Steinitz. The result is often called the Steinitz–Mac Lane exchange lemma, also recognizing the generalization
by Saunders Mac Lane
of Steinitz's lemma to matroids.
Statement.
If {"v"1, ..., "v""m"} is a set of "m" linearly independent vectors in a vector space "V", and {"w"1, ..., "w""n"} span "V" then "m" ≤ "n" and, possibly after reordering the "w""i", the set {"v"1, ..., "v""m", "w""m" + 1, ..., "w""n"} spans "V".
Proof.
We are going to show that for any integer formula_1 satisfying formula_2, the following assertion is valid. Choosing formula_3 gives the result.
(A) The set formula_4 spans formula_5 (where the formula_6 have possibly been reordered, and the reordering depends on formula_1).
We will prove (A) by induction over formula_1: Being clear for formula_9, the only thing that needs to be done is the inductive step.
Assume that (A) holds for some formula_1 satisfying formula_11. Since formula_12, and formula_4 spans formula_5 (by the induction hypothesis), there exist formula_15 such that
At least one of formula_17 must be non-zero, otherwise this equality would contradict the linear independence of formula_18; note that this additionally implies that formula_19. By reordering the formula_20, we may assume that formula_21 is not zero. Therefore, we have
In other words, formula_23 is in the span of formula_24 and so the latter must be the whole of formula_5. We have thus shown that (A) holds for formula_26, completing the inductive step.
Applications.
The Steinitz exchange lemma is a basic result in computational mathematics, especially in linear algebra and in combinatorial algorithms.

</doc>
<doc id="20506383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506383" title="Bembidion">
Bembidion

Bembidion is the largest genus of beetles in the family Carabidae by number of species. There have been many attempts to divide it into smaller genera, most notably by René Jeannel in 1941 and by G.G. Perrault in 1981, but none of them has been generally accepted. All species are small (less than 7.5 mm) and move very fast. Most of them live close to water. The genus has a biantitropical distribution. In warmer regions it is substituted by closely related "Tachys" and other genera.
This genus is divided into numerus subgenera, some of which are elevated to full genus rank by various authors; as noted above, however, no universally accepted way of splitting the genus exists yet. "Bembidion" subgenera include:
Species list.
"Bembidion" contains the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="20506385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506385" title="Uncial 0273">
Uncial 0273

Uncial 0273 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 9th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Gospel of John, on 3 parchment leaves (33 cm by 26 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 25 lines per page, in uncial letters. Formerly it was included together with Uncial 0271 and Uncial 0272 in Uncial 0133 (because of similarities). 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
Contents.
The codex contains: Gospel of John 2:7-3:5; 4:23-37; 5:35-6:2. 
Text.
The Greek text of this codex probably is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it with hesitation in Category V. 
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the British Library (Add. 31919, f. 29, 99, 101) in London. 

</doc>
<doc id="20506393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506393" title="Lebanese Army Skiing and Mountain Fighting School">
Lebanese Army Skiing and Mountain Fighting School

The Skiing and Mountain Fighting School ( "Madrasat al-Tazaloj wal Kital feiljibal") is part of the Lebanese Armed Forces. The school is located in the mountainous area of Cedar (Arz), in Mount Lebanon, and is mainly responsible for conducting ski and combat in mountains sessions.
History.
Although the school was founded in 1986, however in 1934 the French army had founded a ski team of both French and Lebanese soldiers; they rented a place in Bsharri and trained at the cedars. In 1935 they moved to the cedars Grand Hotel until the foundation of the school in 1937 by the French army. Since the foundation of the school the French army started training the Lebanese soldiers. However in 1940, Arz military base was handed over to the Lebanese Army, and was called the Skiing School and was directly linked to the Lebanese Army High Center for Military Sport until it became independent on May 1, 1986.
Mission.
The mission of the school include:
Capabilities.
The trainees participate in combat in all weather conditions to search and rescue people lost and blocked in snowy weather. Training sessions of ski and combat in mountains are delivered, in addition to several participations in international and local military championships.
Emblem.
The symbol of the school is constituted of a skiing soldier representing the combat in mountains and searching mission, white representing the purity of the snow of the Lebanese mountains, mountains which represent the height, in addition to the depiction of Cedar trees (the symbol of the nation) and two laurel leaves representing gratitude.

</doc>
<doc id="20506400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506400" title="Pershing Elementary School">
Pershing Elementary School

There are a number of elementary schools named Pershing Elementary School:

</doc>
<doc id="20506405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506405" title="South Imilit Island">
South Imilit Island

South Imilit Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is one of several islands located in Chesterfield Inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="20506410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506410" title="Electoral history of Harry Reid">
Electoral history of Harry Reid

Electoral history of Harry Reid, Democratic Senior United States Senator from Nevada (1987–present) and Senate Majority Leader (2007–present).
Reid previously served as a Senate Minority Leader (2005–2007), Senate Minority Whip (1999–2001, 2001 and 2003–2005), Senate Majority Whip (2001, 2001–2003), United States Representative (1983–1987) and Lieutenant Governor of Nevada (1971–1975).
Nevada.
Lieutenant Governor of Nevada, 1970:
U.S. Congressional elections.
Nevada's 1st congressional district, 1982:
Nevada's 1st congressional district, 1984:
U.S. Senate elections.
Democratic primary for the United States Senate from Nevada, 1974:
United States Senate election in Nevada, 1974:
Democratic primary for the United States Senate from Nevada, 1986:
United States Senate election in Nevada, 1986:
Democratic primary for the United States Senate from Nevada, 1992:
United States Senate election in Nevada, 1992:
United States Senate election in Nevada, 1998:
United States Senate election in Nevada, 2004:
United States Senate election in Nevada, 2010
Las Vegas Mayoral Election.
Non-partisan primary for Mayor of Las Vegas, 1975
Non-partisan general election for Mayor of Las Vegas, 1975
Leadership elections.
Senate Democratic Leader (minority), 2004:
Senate Democratic Leader, 2006 (majority):
Senate Democratic Leader, 2008 (majority):
Table.
!|Year
!|Office
!|Democrat
!|Votes
!|Pct
!|Republican
!|Votes
!|Pct
!|3rd Party
!|Party
!|Votes
!|Pct
!|3rd Party
!|Party
!|Votes
!|Pct
!|3rd Party
!|Party
!|Votes
!|Pct
!|3rd Party
!|Party
!|Votes
!|Pct
!|3rd Party
!|Party
!|Votes
!|Pct

</doc>
<doc id="20506418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506418" title="Bhagawanpur">
Bhagawanpur

Bhagawanpur may refer to several places:

</doc>
<doc id="20506428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506428" title="Hecht Company Warehouse">
Hecht Company Warehouse

The Hecht Company Warehouse in Washington, D.C. is a Streamline Moderne style building. Designed by engineer Gilbert V. Steel of the New York engineering firm Abbott and Merkt, and prominently located on New York Avenue, it served as the central warehouse for The Hecht Company from its construction in 1937 and expansion in 1948. The building uses glass block extensively, culminating in a twelve-pointed star-shaped cupola at the corner, which is illuminated at night. Black brick interspersed with glass block spells out "The Hecht Co" at the fifth floor. 
At its opening, the building featured an in-house vehicle repair shop, air conditioning for the basement and first two floors, and three railroad track platforms.
A careful rehabilitation was carried out in 1992, using matching materials.

</doc>
<doc id="20506436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506436" title="Karaiya">
Karaiya

Karaiya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20506445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506445" title="List of awards and nominations received by Boston Legal">
List of awards and nominations received by Boston Legal

This is the list of awards and nominations received by the American television series "Boston Legal" (2004–2008).

</doc>
<doc id="20506457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506457" title="Maryadpur">
Maryadpur

Maryadpur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20506458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506458" title="Loftus (band)">
Loftus (band)

Loftus was a progressive hardcore/noise rock band from 2002 till 2007. The band was based in Seal Beach, California and played primarily in and around the southern California hardcore scene. The band toured the west coast of the U.S. in 2005, Europe in the summer of 2006 and played their final show at Chain Reaction in Anaheim on January 13, 2007. They released one full length record titled "Hugs and Drugs" on Monarchy Music in 2005 and an untitled 7 inch record that was released by the band in 2006. The band officially ended after the death of lead singer Davis Miller on February 1, 2008.
Sound, Performance, Following.
The band was known for their unique blend of discordant noise and melody which set them apart from their contemporaries in the southern California music scene. The self titled 7 inch saw a sonic change with the music becoming more and more complex and Miller's vocals shifting from screaming to more of a panicked yell. The band also garnered attention for their high energy live shows and the intense stage presence of singer Davis Miller whose antics were unorthodox and commonly controversial. The band maintained a cult like popularity throughout their career, polarizing audiences to either love or hate them, and continue to gain popularity with new fans who download their music.
Discography.
Hugs and Drugs
Untitled 7 inch

</doc>
<doc id="20506485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506485" title="Rayapur">
Rayapur

Rayapur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20506505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506505" title="Joseph Winniett">
Joseph Winniett

Joseph Winniett (1726–1789) was a public official, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia. He was the first Acadian elected to the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. He represented the town of Annapolis from 1761 to 1765 and Annapolis County from 1765 to 1770 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. 
He was born in Annapolis, Nova Scotia, the son of William Winniett and Acadian Marie-Madeleine Maisonnat. Winniett was a justice of the peace, a collector of customs and excise duties, a judge of probates and wills and a registrar of deeds. He married Mary Dyson in 1751. His sister Elizabeth married the commander at Fort Anne, John Handfield. He traded illegally with the French. In 1762, he was named a justice in the Inferior Court of Common Pleas.
His grandson William Robert Wolseley Winniett served as governor for the British Gold Coast colony.

</doc>
<doc id="20506520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506520" title="Dann v. Johnston">
Dann v. Johnston

Dann v. Johnston, , is a decision of the United States Supreme Court on the patentability of a claim for a business method patent. 
Background.
The business method at issue in "Johnston" was claimed as a “machine system for automatic record-keeping of bank checks and deposits." Although the advance was claimed as a system, the invention was a method of creating records of bank checks for expenditures in different categories, such as rent, wages, cost of materials, etc. so that income taxes could more readily be calculated. The system involved such steps as imprinting machine-readable numbers on the individual checks, corresponding to the categories into which the expenditures fell; then the computer would periodically provide a check tabulation, broken down by each category. However, the claims were written in the form of a series of means for performing the steps of the method, so that technically the cleaimed subject matter was a "system," which is considered a type of machine.
Decision of the Court.
"Johnston" is the only business-method patent case that the Supreme Court has so far decided, but the decision turns on obviousness rather than patent-eligibility. Despite the fact that most of the pages of the government’s brief on the merits are devoted to a discussion of why advances of the type claimed are not eligible to be considered for patentability, the Court did not reach that question and instead simply found unanimously that “he gap between the prior art and respondent's system is simply not so great as to render the system nonobvious to one reasonably skilled in the art.”

</doc>
<doc id="20506529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506529" title="Microphysula cookei">
Microphysula cookei

Microphysula cookei, common name the Vancouver snail, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Thysanophoridae.
Original description.
The species "Microphysula cookei" was originally described as "Zonitoides cookei" by Henry Augustus Pilsbry in 1922.
Pilsbry's original text (the type description) reads as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20506603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506603" title="Roni Bandini">
Roni Bandini

Roni Bandini is an Argentine novelist and short story writer known for his satirical commentary and self-critical prose.
His works include such novels as "El Sueño Colbert" (2006) and "La Gran Monterrey" (2008).
Roni Bandini lives in Buenos Aires working as a free lance ghost writer and tech journalist.
Cinema.
In 1998 he made a brief cameo in Javier Torre's movie, "El Juguete Rabioso".

</doc>
<doc id="20506610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506610" title="Peabody Magnet High School">
Peabody Magnet High School

Peabody Magnet High School is a secondary educational institution located in the South Alexandria subdivision of Alexandria, the seat of Rapides Parish and the largest city in central Louisiana. The school is named for one of its benefactor, George Foster Peabody (1852–1938), a London capitalist whom promoted the furthering of education in the Southern United States.
History.
Mr. J. B. Lafargue founded Peabody Industrial School in 1895 with the assistance of his wife, Mrs. S.C.B. Mayo Lafargue. Peabody was the only public school for Black students in Alexandria with grades 1 - 7. The school was named Peabody because of a grant that was given by Mr. George Peabody of the George Peabody Foundation. Mr. Peabody was a wealthy Massachusetts philanthropist. The first school was a wooden two-story hospital building located at Third and Bogan Streets, the current site of Peabody Sixth Grade Center. In 1918, Mr. Lafargue added eighth and ninth grades to the school even though the Department of Education did not approve the upper grades for Negro schools. Construction of a three-story building began on the location at Third and Bogan Streets in 1923 and was completed in 1925. In addition, a wooden building was constructed to serve as an auditorium. Two more grades were added to the school in 1930. In 1931, the State Department of Education (Negro Division) sent Beatrice Wallace Spottsville to the school to serve as a teacher trainer and Supervisor of Negro schools, making Peabody a training school. Peabody became a state-approved public high school in 1933. Mr. J.B. Lafargue served as principal of the school from 1900 until he retired in 1937.
Mr. D.F. Iles, who was a student at Peabody Training School in 1918, left in 1925 to attend high school at Leland College due to the lack of high schools for Blacks in Rapides Parish at that time. After completing high school, he remained at Leland College, where he received his college degree in 1933. Mr. Iles returned to Peabody in 1934 to teach social studies. He later became assistant principal, then in 1937 began his tenure as principal. Mr. Iles ended his tenure at Peabody as principal in 1972 when he accepted a position at the Rapides Parish School Board. The first school building at the current Broadway Street site was completed in 1952, with D. F. Iles as principal. Mr. Iles transformed Peabody from an Industrial Training School offering training in home economics and industrial shop to a comprehensive high school offering courses in algebra, geometry, social studies, science, physics, chemistry, art, music, band, Spanish, French, business, auto mechanics, mechanical drawing, woodwork, sheet metal, distributive education, cooperative office education, and speech with an array of extracurricular activities. In August 1972, Mr. Iles retired as principal of Peabody and accepted a position at the Rapides Parish School Board's Central Office.
Mr. Samuel McKay, a distinguished chemistry teacher and community leader, succeeded Mr. Iles as the principal of Peabody from 1972 until 1981. Under his leadership, a physical expansion program to remodel the girls' gymnasium, construct a new boys' gymnasium, and construct an athletic field was initiated. Mr. McKay remained principal until 1981 when he accepted a position as Director of Magnet Schools at the Rapides Parish School Board's Central Office.
In November 1981, Dr. James Cleveland became the second principal of the newly formed Peabody Magnet High School. Under his leadership, the curriculum was enriched by the addition of the following courses: the LD program, vocational programs, building trades, horticulture, and the honors computer-based classes. Dr. Cleveland retired in 1987. Clayton P. Williams became principal the following year. In 1991, Mr. Williams resigned and was succeeded by Mr. Dennis Frazier. Mr. Frazier's leadership efforts were directed toward getting a new school built in 1995. On November 3, 1998, voters approved the bond for the construction of a new two-story Peabody at the current Broadway site. Mr. Frazier retired in 1998.
Segregated schools.
Prior to desegregation, separate local schools were maintained for black and white students in Rapides Parish. Peabody was the high school available for African American students in Alexandria while white students attended nearby Bolton High School. Neighboring Pineville, a smaller town located north of Alexandria, across the Red River, hosted a similarly segregated Crepe Myrtle High School with white students attending Pineville High School & Tioga High School; in neighbouring Boyce, Louisiana, to the northwest of Alexandria, black students attended Wettermark High School with white students attending Boyce High School.
During McKay's tenure as principal of Peabody, the federal court mandated changing the school to Peabody Magnet High School with the goal of integrating the public school system in Rapides Parish. Busing was implemented to bring white students to Peabody. To enhance Peabody's ability to attract students, the following courses were added: welding, computer science, nursing, math and Chemistry with college credit as well as an array of honor courses. The Gifted & Talented program was also established at Peabody during this time.
A new school for a new generation.
In July 1998, Mrs. Peggie L. Davis, a 1968 graduate of Peabody High School was appointed principal and given the job of overseeing the building and development of the new Peabody Magnet High School. Although the job is a great one, Mrs. Davis possessed remarkable administrative credentials and the experience necessary to bring forth the dynamic changes that made Peabody Magnet High School the premier school for the new millennium.
In November 2000, a groundbreaking ceremony was conducted. This marked the start of the massive demolishing of parts of the old 1952 structure and construction of the new state of the art Peabody Magnet High School.
In October 2001, Mr. Lee A. Dotson, Jr. became the new principal of Peabody Magnet High School. Mr. Dotson, who comes to Peabody following his retirement from the feeder school, Arthur Smith, has the pleasure of watching his students grow to maturity. Upon arrival at Peabody, he had the profound task of overseeing the final demolition of the old edifice and implementation of the move into the new edifice. Mr. Dotson continues his philosophy of strict discipline and increased academics for the students of Peabody Magnet High School.1234
Magnet Program.
Peabody Magnet High School is one of two high schools in Rapides Parish with magnet concentrations, the other being Pineville High School.
The Magnet classes offered are:
Athletics.
The high schools sports teams, the Peabody Warhorses, are members of LHSAA. The basketball team is the most popular at the school, having won 7 state championships in boys and 2 in girls. The Warhorses also participate in football, track and field, baseball, softball, soccer, swimming, and cheerleading. The schools Powerlifting team has also added 2 District, 1 State and 2 National Championships in 2011-2012.
Peabody Magnet High School principals.
Since 1897, Peabody has been served by eight principals: 

</doc>
<doc id="20506627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506627" title="Microphysula">
Microphysula

Microphysula is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Thysanophoridae.
Species.
Species in the genus "Microphysula" include:

</doc>
<doc id="20506638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506638" title="North Imilit Island">
North Imilit Island

North Imilit Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is one of several islands located in Chesterfield Inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="20506639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506639" title="Stadio Teofilo Patini">
Stadio Teofilo Patini

Stadio Teofilo Patini is a stadium located in Castel di Sangro, Italy. It is owned by Municipality of Castel di Sangro (Comune di Castel di Sangro), and its primary use is for home games of the A.S.D. Castel di Sangro Calcio. It is also used for pop concerts and other sporting events.
History.
The stadium was built for the miracle of the local team, Castel di Sangro Calcio, who arrived in the Italian "Serie B", the second league in Italy.
The stadium was named in honor of "Teofilo Patini", a nineteenth century painter from Castel di Sangro.
Until 1996, first of the built, in the place there was only a small sports ground with central stand. But in about 4 months is born the actual stadium, with four stands and 7,220 places. In December, 1996 the stadium was inaugurated.
On 1998 May, 23 in the Patini played the Marco Tardelli's "Italian National Under -21 Football Team" in a match against Scotland (4-0 for Italy was the result), and on 2008 September, 5 the Pierluigi Casiraghi's "Italian National Under-21 Football Team" played against Greece (1-1) for the qualification of the European U-21 of 2009.
Related.
A.S.D. Castel di Sangro Calcio

</doc>
<doc id="20506647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506647" title="Pathologist (band)">
Pathologist (band)

Pathologist was a Czech grindcore band from Ostrava, formed in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20506658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506658" title="Darren Tilley">
Darren Tilley

Playing career.
Tilley played for York City F.C. in the English Third Division from 1991-1993. In 1997, Tilley began the season with the Toronto Lynx before being traded to the Montreal Impact. He then played for the Rochester Rhinos from 1998 to 2000 and is one of the franchise's top all-time scorers. In 2000, he began the season with the Montreal Impact before finishing it with the Vancouver 86ers. Tilley was the CSL Golden Boot winner in 2002 playing for Canadian club Mississauga Olympians. He retired following the 2003 season.
Personal life.
Tilley was born in Keynsham England, the only child of Terence Tilley and Sandra Tilley. He grew up in Kingswood Bristol. He was known to be a big Liverpool fan as a kid. Tilley met his wife Monique, born in Ontario Canada, in 1991. The couple married in 1993. Tilley and his wife have two sons, Calum born in 1996 and Kieran born in 2002. They have lived in Cambridge Ontario since 1998.
Managerial career.
On March 26, 2008, the Rochester Rhinos hired Tilley as the team's coach. During the 2008 season Tilley led the Rhinos into the playoffs by finishing fourth in the standings. In the club's playoff run the Rhinos defeated the Charleston Battery in the quarterfinals to advance to the semifinals. There the Rhinos were defeated by the Puerto Rico Islanders on a 3-2 aggregate on goals. The following season Tilley led the Rhinos to a sixth place finish in the standings enough to clinch a playoff spot. In the postseason the Rhinos were eliminated in the quarterfinals by the Islanders once again on a 5-3 aggregate on goals. On September 28, 2009 Rochester announced that the organization would not be renewing his contract for the 2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20506673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506673" title="Palen">
Palen

Palen or Palén may refer to:
People:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="20506691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506691" title="Condensation lemma">
Condensation lemma

In set theory, a branch of mathematics, the condensation lemma is a result about sets in the
constructible universe.
It states that if "X" is a transitive set and is an elementary submodel of some level of the constructible hierarchy Lα, that is, formula_1, then in fact there is some ordinal formula_2 such that formula_3.
More can be said: If "X" is not transitive, then its transitive collapse is equal to some formula_4, and the hypothesis of elementarity can be weakened to elementarity only for formulas which are formula_5 in the Lévy hierarchy.
The lemma was formulated and proved by Kurt Gödel in his proof that the axiom of constructibility implies GCH.

</doc>
<doc id="20506697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506697" title="Moor Island">
Moor Island

Moor Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian Arctic Archipelago islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is one of the several islands located in Chesterfield Inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="20506712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506712" title="National News Council">
National News Council

The National News Council (NNC) was a non-profit media watchdog organization. It investigated complaints of media bias and unfair reporting. The NNC formed in 1973 with a grant from the Twentieth Century Foundation, the Markle Foundation and other sources. The Council was composed of 15 members, nine members of the general public and six journalists.
Compliance and cooperation with the NNC was entirely voluntary on the part of news organizations. The Council had no punitive powers. Its only power was that of publicity, drawing attention to media bias in hopes of the media's taking steps to acknowledge and correct it. Some media outlets were more willing to cooperate with NNC than others. CBS News under president Richard Salant notably supported the Council, including Salant's serving as NNC chairman, but journalists within CBS itself, including Walter Cronkite, did not. Abe Rosenthal of The "New York Times" was said to have taken some pride in refusing to cooperate with the NNC, saying "I am against regulation of the press, including self regulation except within each individual newspaper or broadcast station." The NNC heard a total of 242 formal complaints during its tenure.
The NNC announced in 1984 that it was dissolving. In the years since its dissolution, there have been periodic calls for its revival. General William Westmoreland, following the end of his protracted libel suit against CBS, called for the formation of an NNC-like body in 1985. Journalists who have since supported the reforming of the NNC have included William F. Buckley, Mike Wallace and Walter Cronkite (both in reversal of earlier opposition) and Murray Seeger. As of 2005, three states, Minnesota, Hawaii and Washington, had state-level news councils.

</doc>
<doc id="20506719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506719" title="Nigerian Marketplace">
Nigerian Marketplace

Nigerian Marketplace is a 1981 live album by Oscar Peterson, accompanied by Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen, recorded at the 1981 Montreux Jazz Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20506726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506726" title="Ricardo García (footballer)">
Ricardo García (footballer)

Club career.
García won the 1986 Primera Division de Costa Rica title with Puntarenas.
International career.
He also made 17 appearances for the full Costa Rica national football team. He also played at the 1980 Olympic Games.
Personal.
García committed suicide in the El Roble district of Puntarenas on 12 December 2007.
García's son, also Ricardo, is a professional footballer who plays for Puntarenas F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="20506736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506736" title="Goldcrest (disambiguation)">
Goldcrest (disambiguation)

Goldcrest may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20506743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506743" title="Apqusiurniq Island">
Apqusiurniq Island

Apqusiurniq Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is one of several islands located in Chesterfield Inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="20506749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506749" title="Milton Halberstadt">
Milton Halberstadt

Milton Halberstadt (1919–2000) had an illustrious career in fine art and commercial photography that spanned seven decades and left a body of work covering genres from abstract art to commercial photography.
Halberstadt studied at the Art Institute of Chicago and the New Bauhaus founded in 1937 by designer-painter László Moholy-Nagy and the concepts from the original Bauhaus in Germany. He served as an assistant to both László Moholy-Nagy and György Kepes.
He served as an Air Force navigator during World War II in the Air Force 456th Bomb Group. He was a navigator aboard a B-24 bomber flying over Yugoslavia in 1944 when his aircraft was hit by enemy fire. Despite severe injuries, Halberstadt guided the plane down safely and he received the Distinguished Flying Cross medal for heroism in aerial combat.
M. Halberstadt Illustration studio in San Francisco was known for fine large format studio photography and he changed how food was photographed and used in print. Halberstadt was a colleague and contemporary of Ansel Adams, Minor White, Imogen Cunningham, Dorothea Lange, Edward Weston, and other fine art photographers working in California in the area of Fine Art and Commercial Photography. He was a leader in San Francisco's golden age of advertising design. Clients included Del Monte, Dole, S&W, Paul Masson, Pan-Am Airlines, and Royal Viking Lines.
Many of his students have gone on to illustrious careers in fine art photography, including his last assistant, Alan Ross, who went on to work with Ansel Adams before becoming a leader in Art Photography in his own right.
The Milton "Hal" Halberstadt Papers and Photograph Collection resides at UC Davis special collections archives.

</doc>
<doc id="20506753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506753" title="NFF Futsal Eliteserie">
NFF Futsal Eliteserie

Norwegian Futsal Premier League is the top division for futsal in Norway. Its official Norwegian name is NFF Futsal Eliteserie ("NFF Futsal Elite Series").
Format.
Competition.
There are 10 clubs in the Norwegian Futsal Premier League. During the course of a season, each club plays the others twice, for a total of 18 games for each club, and a total of 90 games in a season. The season starts in late-November and lasts until mid-February. Matches are played over 6 weekends during the winter, each weekend in a different location. Each team plays 3 matches during a weekend, two on Saturdays and one on Sundays. The venues for the first season are Askøy Forum, Drammenshallen, Askimhallen, Steinkjerhallen and Ekeberghallen twice.
Teams receive three points for a win and one point for a draw. No points are awarded for a loss. Teams are ranked by total points, then goal difference, goals scored, and then head to head records used to separate teams on equal points. At the end of each season, the club with the most points is crowned "Champions". The two lowest placed teams are automatically relegated to the First Division and will be replaced by two teams from a 12-team playoff tournament in the First Division.
European qualification.
The winners of the Norwegian Futsal Premier League qualifies for the UEFA Futsal Cup.
Members for 2009–10.
The following 10 clubs will compete in the Norwegian Futsal Premier League during the 2010–11 season:

</doc>
<doc id="20506810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506810" title="Golf in Scotland">
Golf in Scotland

Golf in Scotland was first recorded in the 15th century, and the modern game of golf was first developed and established in the country. The game plays a key role in the national sporting consciousness.
The Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews, known as the R&A, is the world governing body for the game (except in the United States and Mexico), and to many golfers the Old Course, an ancient links course dating to before 1574, is considered to be a site of pilgrimage. There are many other famous golf courses in Scotland, including Carnoustie, Gleneagles, Muirfield, Balcomie and Royal Troon. The world's first Open Championship was held at Prestwick in 1860, and Scots golfers have the most victories at the Open at 42 wins, one ahead of the United States.
Although golf is often seen as an elitist sport elsewhere in the world, in the land of its birth it enjoys widespread appeal across the social spectrum, in line with the country's egalitarian tradition. For example, the Old Course at St Andrew's and Musselburgh Links are public courses. Council-owned courses, with low fees and easy access, are common throughout the country wherever demography and geography allow. Therefore golf courses, whether public or private, are far more common in the Lowlands than in the Highlands and Islands, where shinty (a game which may share a common ancestry with golf) is often the traditional sport.
Scotland is widely promoted as the 'Home of Golf', and along with whisky and the long list of Scottish inventions and discoveries, golf is widely seen as being a key national cultural icon throughout the world. It is frequently used to market the country to potential visitors, for example for the Homecoming year in 2009, and golf tourism accounted for approximately 2% of overall Scottish tourism spending in 2004. One page that explains the history of golf in Scotland starts off by stating that, "There has been much debate as to the origins of the game and, in some cases, how it was originally played. One thing is certain — the game of golf as we know it was born in Scotland".
Scotland has more than 500 courses which are liberally divided among its ten regions. The highest concentrations are around Glasgow (94 courses) and Edinburgh (67 courses), since these two cities and their environs account for the bulk of the population. But the other districts still average about 40 courses each. Even the distant northern islands have 14 options. Such largesse is possible because Scotland boasts more courses per head of population than any other country.
Etymology.
The word "golf" was first recorded in the 15th century, appearing twice in an Act of the Scots Parliament of 6 March 1457, in the reign of James II. The Act, which ordered the holding of "wappenschaws" () four times a year for the purpose of archery practice, stated that "the fut bal ande the golf" (football and golf) were to be "vtterly criyt done" ("condemned"; lit. "cried down") and "nocht vsyt" ("not engaged in"; lit. "not used"). Offenders were to be punished by the barony courts, otherwise they were "to be tane be the kingis officiaris" ("arrested by the king's officers").
Football (see Football in Scotland) and golf are again both explicitly named and forbidden in two further 15th century Scottish statutes encouraging archery practice, in 1470 and 1491. The 1470 Act, in the reign of James III, again uses the spelling "golf", but the 1491 Act, in the reign of James IV, spells it "gouff"; and variants such as "gowf", "gowff", "gouf" became the usual spellings during the Early Modern Period. The Scottish National Dictionary states that ""golf" represents a revival of the Middle Scots form; Loudoun Gowf Club, Newmilns, retains the old form in its title"; i.e. the spelling changed from Medieval "golf" to Early Modern "gowf", and then back again.
The Dictionary of the Older Scottish Tongue gives the etymology of the word "golf" or "gouf" (with many alternative spellings) as probably from the Dutch "kolf" (see Kolven, a Dutch indoor ballgame); although the dictionary also records the noun "golf" (with alternative spellings "golfe" or "golph") as deriving from Middle English "golf" or "goulf" or Old French "golfe", meaning "a deep pool or hollow; an abyss"; a cognate of modern English "gulf".
Origins.
The exact origins of the sport of golf are unclear. The most widely accepted theory is that the modern game of golf originated in Scotland in the High Middle Ages. The first golf courses and clubs were established in the country. The first written rules originated in Scotland, as did the establishment of the 18 hole course. The first tournament structures developed and competitions were held between various burghs. The modern game was spread by Scots to the rest of the world. 
The earliest reference to golf is the purchase of a set of golf clubs by James IV from a bowmaker of St Johnston (Perth) in 1502. Where he played is not known, but it is likely to have been on the open ground called the North Inch at Perth. It is recorded that Robert Maule of Panmure played golf at Carnoustie in the mid 16th century, as a wager for drink. Around the same time, in 1552, John Hamilton the Archbishop of St Andrews granted the right of the people of St Andrews to play golf and gather turf on the links, retaining his rights to the rabbit warrens there.
The Old Links at Musselburgh Racecourse is claimed to be the oldest playing golf course in the world. Evidence has shown that golf was played on Musselburgh Links in 1672, although Mary, Queen of Scots reputedly played there even earlier in 1567.
Spreading the game outwith Scotland.
When James VI succeeded to the thrones of England and Ireland in 1603 (see Union of the Crowns) a large number of his Scottish courtiers followed him to London. The King resided at Greenwich Palace, and there is documentary evidence that some of these Scottish noblemen played golf on Blackheath, on the hill behind the palace. Henry Frederick, Prince of Wales, the king's eldest son, was playing golf in 1606. The Royal Blackheath Golf Club traces its origins from these Scottish noblemen, thus claiming a pre-1745 foundation date. Although it is certainly the oldest English golf club, and the oldest outwith Scotland, there is no evidence that it is the oldest golf club in the world, as is sometimes claimed.
The first record of North American golf was a consignment of 96 golfclubs and 432 golf balls which was shipped from Leith to Charleston, South Carolina, in 1743; and on 29 September 1786 Scottish merchants established the South Carolina Golf Club in Charleston, the first golf club in the United States.
Players.
Several Scots golfers are members of the World Golf Hall of Fame. Players marked * are also members of the Scottish Sports Hall of Fame:
Belle Robertson (born 1936) and Jessie Valentine (1915–2006) are all inducted into the Scottish Sports Hall of Fame, but not the World Golf Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20506831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506831" title="Hanbury Island">
Hanbury Island

Hanbury Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is one of several islands located in Chesterfield Inlet.
It is approximately from the Inuit hamlet of Chesterfield Inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="20506836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506836" title="Frank Bizzoni">
Frank Bizzoni

Francesco Filippo "Frank" Bizzoni (May 7, 1875 – December 25, 1926) was an Italian track cyclist who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Lodi, Lombardy and died in Bronx, New York.
In 1904 he was eliminated in the semi-final of the quarter mile competition.
Bizzoni is the only known Italian competitor at the St. Louis Games in 1904. But in all records he is listed as American cyclist. As he was still Italian citizen in 1904 Italy competed at all modern Olympic Games. Italy is one of only six nations who have competed at every Games since 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="20506842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506842" title="List of 2002 box office number-one films in the United Kingdom">
List of 2002 box office number-one films in the United Kingdom

This is a list of films which have placed number one at the weekend box office in the United Kingdom during 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20506859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506859" title="Bartosz Łeszyk">
Bartosz Łeszyk

He has also played 11-a-side football for Warta Poznań and Lechita Kłecko in Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="20506861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506861" title="Mexico–South Korea relations">
Mexico–South Korea relations

Mexico–South Korea relations refer to Interstate relations between South Korea and United Mexican States. Mexico recognised South Korea as an independent nation. Mexico has an embassy in Seoul while South Korea has an embassy in Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="20506880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506880" title="Titus (gorilla)">
Titus (gorilla)

Titus (24 August 1974 – 14 September 2009) was a silverback mountain gorilla of the Virunga Mountains, observed by researchers almost continuously over his entire life. He was the subject of the 2008 PBS "Nature"/BBC "Natural World" documentary film "Titus: The Gorilla King".
Biography.
Titus was born on 24 August 1974. He was named by gorilla researcher Kelly Stewert, who was observing his group at the time, after the eponymous protagonist of the Mervyn Peake novel "Titus Groan".
When Titus was four years old a blackback male joined his troop. He was named Beetsme by Fossey when she was asked by a visiting friend who he was and replied "Beats me". Shortly afterwards Titus' father and dominant silverback Uncle Bert (named for Fossey's uncle) was killed by poachers. Beetsme attempted to take control of the troop, killing the infant daughter of its dominant female Aunt Flossie. However the blackback was rejected and the females left.
Titus and Beetsme, who seemed to have formed a bond, then became the nucleus of an unstable bachelor group. The troop was without females for eight years, during which time they were observed engaging in homosexual behaviour. When five females did eventually join the troop, Beetsme—now a fully-grown silverback—drove off the other males except Titus and became its dominant male. Titus, still a blackback, remained subordinate to Beetsme for six years. However during this time he mated covertly with the troop's females. DNA analysis shows he sired his first offspring, Kuryama, by the group's dominant female Papoose in 1985 – the youngest recorded siring by a gorilla. In 1991, now matured to a silverback, Titus began asserting his dominance over the other males in the troop and a year later, aged eighteen, he displaced Beetsme as the dominant male. Beetsme remained in the troop as Titus' subordinate until his death in 2001.
Titus sired more children than any other gorilla on record and by 2004 controlled the largest known gorilla troop in the world. By age thirty, however, his dominance was waning and he began regularly fighting with his silverback son Kuryama. He was also observed biting a female after she was caught mating with Kuryama in secret. This was noted by researchers as being at odds with Titus' "calm" leadership style in previous years. In the spring of 2007 Titus led his troop to the peak of a volcanic mountain. The low temperature at that altitude threatened the younger members of the group and as Titus lingered there Kuryama made a bid for dominance. He successfully displaced Titus and then led the majority of the troop, including most of the sexually mature females and their offspring, away from the mountain. Titus did not resist but was not willing to give up his dominant position and so the troop was split. Some of the older females, including the dominant female Tuck, and their infants remained with Titus, as did a young silverback named Tuyizere. In May 2008 Titus and his following rejoined the main troop, which had grown by four new infants and two females. Titus accepted a subordinate position and supported his son Kuryama as the dominant male. Researchers reported that he was still regarded with great respect and affection by the rest of the troop.
On 14 September 2009, at age 35, Titus died after a week's illness.

</doc>
<doc id="20506886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506886" title="David Bain (Scottish footballer)">
David Bain (Scottish footballer)

David Bain (born 5 August 1900, died in Allerton, Liverpool in 1966 ) was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Rutherglen. He played for Rutherglen Glencairn, Everton, and Manchester Unitedas well as Bristol City.
In 1927 he married a Welsh girl, in 1927, in Bootle and two sons were born of their marriage. From 1948 to 1966 they lived in Mather Avenune, Allerton a suburb of Liverpool.

</doc>
<doc id="20506900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506900" title="Gum (botany)">
Gum (botany)

Gum is a sap or other resinous material associated with certain species of the plant kingdom. This material is often polysaccharide-based and most frequently is associated with woody plants, particularly under the bark or as a seed coating. The polysaccharide material is typically of high molecular weight and most often highly hydrophilic or hydrocolloidal.
As seed coating.
Many gums occur as seed coatings for plant species; the adaptive purpose of some of these gummy coatings is to create a time delayed germination of certain flora seeds. An example of such a gummy coating occurs in the case of Western poison oak, a widespread shrub in western North America.

</doc>
<doc id="20506905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506905" title="Perrier's Bounty">
Perrier's Bounty

"Perrier's Bounty" is an Irish crime thriller comedy set in modern-day Dublin. Describing it as an "urban western", sophomore director Ian Fitzgibbon directs the film, which stars Brendan Gleeson, who plays the villainous title character, as well as Cillian Murphy and Jim Broadbent as son and father.
Filming was completed in late January 2009, and premiered at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival. It was released in the United Kingdom and Ireland on 26 March 2010.
Plot.
The film begins with Michael McCrea (Cillian Murphy), a perpetual waster, passed out some time in the mid-afternoon. He awakes to find two thugs, Ivan (Michael McElhatton) and Orlando (Don Wycherley), staring at him. They remind him that he owes money to Darren Perrier (Brendan Gleeson), a local crime boss. The debt must be paid that night, or Ivan and Orlando will break two of Michael's bones of his own choice. After they depart, Michael heads down stairs and sees Brenda (Jodie Whittaker), a friend of his, carrying a bouquet of flowers. She informs Michael that her boyfriend, Shamie (Pádraic Delaney), with whom she has a rocky relationship, has given her the flowers by way of apologising for his absenteeism. Michael is uninterested, and leaves the building in pursuit of a loan in order to pay off his current debt.
Michael heads to Delgado's Pool Hall, a nearby snooker bar, in search of a man known as The Mutt (Liam Cunningham), who is known to hand out loans. There, Michael finds his friend Clifford (Domhnall Gleeson), who explains that The Mutt was only recently thrown out of the establishment; having assaulted a man for insulting his snooker skills. Leaving the bar, Michael gets into a kerfuffle with two clampers (Ned Dennehy and Glenn Speers), who vow to find him and clamp his car later. Michael heads home only to find his father, Jim McCrea (Jim Broadbent), waiting outside. Since he does not have the best relationship with his father, Michael is initially reluctant to talk. However, Jim reveals that he is dying of cancer and wishes to reconcile. The two head to a pub and begin to drink, but while there Michael learns of the location of The Mutt. He abandons his father, promising to talk later, and heads to The Mutt's location.
At this new pub, Michael runs into Shamie, who is making out with a girl. Michael, now angry, tells him he needs to show Brenda some respect and break off his ties with her if he wishes to pursue other girls. Michael then finds The Mutt, who is having a drink with his associate Dinny (Breffni McKenna). He asks The Mutt for a loan, but is refused. Giving up, Michael begins to drink at the bar only to be assaulted by an angry Shamie. Michael overpowers Shamie and demands he break up with Brenda, but he must let her down lightly. Storming off, he is stopped by The Mutt, who asks if Michael will join him and Dinny in a burglary. The money earned will pay off Michael's debt, but he won't get it until morning. Michael agrees, and the three head out.
The burglary goes off with out a hitch, and The Mutt finds pictures that prove the home owner is cheating on his wife. The trio plan to blackmail him out of €30,000. Michael is dropped off and is assured that he will get his €10,000 come morning. Back at his car, he finds the clampers have found him and clamped his car. Immediately thereafter, Ivan and Orlando return and drive their truck full speed into Michael's clamped car. Michael flees the scene and is able to lose them, but he returns to his home in search of the pistol he keeps under his bed. Unfortunately, Brenda has stolen the gun and is contemplating suicide after being dumped by Shamie. She locks Michael out of her apartment just as Ivan and Orlando enter, having predicted that he would come home. They begin to beat Michael with a bat, and set his leg up against a radiator, preparing to break his leg. Before he can swing the bat, Orlando is shot dead by Brenda. Ivan, shocked, runs away to tell Perrier. While comforting Brenda, Jim enters and, upon noticing the body, tells them they need to properly dispose of Orlando. The three get into Brenda's car and head up onto an escarpment, where they bury Orlando. Jim comments that the locale is beautiful, with the lights below and stars above and the waft of cow shit in the air. He also refers to the history of the area, commenting that men who lived and died by the sword were buried here. Unfortunately, Brenda's car becomes flooded and they cannot get away, so Michael and Brenda spend the night in her car, while Jim stands outside, spending the whole night awake, watching Dublin.
At Perrier's hideout, he is discussing Orlando's death with four other members of his crew. It is then revealed to him that, on top of being best mates, Ivan and Orlando were also lovers. Perrier goes to comfort the grieving Ivan, telling him that he is not judgmental about his homosexual relationship and that he will be putting a €10,000 bounty on Michael and Brenda.
Back at Brenda's car, it's morning and Michael notices that his father has been up all night. Jim then admits that he does not have cancer, but instead believes he was visited by the Grim Reaper. During his visit, the Reaper informed Jim that the next time he sleeps, he will die. Upset that his father played on his sympathies, Michael angrily riles Brenda from her sleep and informs her that her car has to be burned. Once it is aflame, the trio head down the escarpment and back into the city. Unfortunately, they are caught in a rain storm and take shelter at a farm, but the farm owner, a strange woman (Jane Brennan), calls the police and claims the trio raped her. Having fled down the road, they take cover upon seeing a Garda Síochána patrol car. Once it has passed, they cut through a forest but Brenda vows to make her relationship with Shamie work. An angry Michael then berates her for blindly loving Shamie despite the fact that he is unfaithful and does not love her back. While Jim takes him aside, Brenda storms off and, once they notice she is gone, Michael and Jim follow. They catch up with her as she is being arrested by two police officers. While sneaking up on them, Jim snatches Michael's gun and confronts the officers, telling them to get off to the side and on the ground "tout fucking suite." Once they are out of the way, the trio steal the cruiser and, shortly afterwards, Michael gets a call from The Mutt, who gives them his location in order for Michael to pick up his share of the blackmail earnings.
With plans to meet The Mutt behind a factory at one in the afternoon, Brenda demands that, in the meantime, she be dropped off at Shamie's so she can try to restore their relationship. Along the way, the trio encounter a young man (Chris Newman) and two of his mates joyriding in a stolen car. Jim and the man talk and the two trios swap cars. In their new stolen car, they arrive at Shamie's; however, Brenda arrives just as a nearly naked woman strolls out and a nearly naked Shamie runs after her. The two start to get intimate in the hallway just as Shamie notices Brenda, but Brenda runs away. Outside the building, Brenda bypasses the car and runs down a nearby street, prompting Michael to chase after her and comfort her. Jim, left behind, approaches Jerome (Brendan Coyle) and Russ (Conleth Hill), two members of the Savage Canine Vernacular, who are training their Rottweilers to attack. Jim helps them, and then picks up Michael and Brenda.
They trio arrive at the warehouse and Michael heads in alone to get his share. He meets with The Mutt and Dinny, but the two plan on betraying him. The Mutt knocks Michael out with a wrench and he and Dinny carry the unconscious Michael to The Mutt's car. As they are putting him in the boot, Jim approaches, armed with a pistol. He knocks both Dinny and The Mutt out while Brenda steals the entire €30,000. With Michael back in the car, the trio head out.
Hiding out in another industrial area, Jim reveals the reason why Michael became estranged from his parents. After witnessing a local thug, Steve Lynch, beating up a woman, Michael intervened and beat up Lynch. Lynch returned to Michael's house later, where only his mother, Elaine, was home. Lynch proceeded to assault Elaine, leaving her badly injured. Believing his parents blamed him for the attack, Michael broke off contact with them. Elaine and Jim would later split up, with Elaine moving to County Clare. Jim then asks Michael if he can have some cocaine, and Michael agrees, taking him to Delgado's Pool Hall in order to buy off of Clifford. However, during the sale, Clifford signals Mulligan, played by the Irish novelist (Patrick McCabe), who calls Perrier. While Jim is snorting coke in the bathroom and Michael and Brenda are talking, Perrier and his goons enter. Michael accidentally fires off his pistol, causing everyone to take cover. Other gang members, primarily Ivan, begin shooting but Brenda, angry at Clifford, beats him over the head and she and Michael use him as a human shield to escape. Clifford is killed in the process, and Jim is left behind. Upon exiting Delgado's, the pair find that their stolen car has been clamped, and are forced to flee on foot. Thankfully, Shamie is able to find them in his car, announcing that he has been looking for Brenda. Michael and Brenda jump into his car.
Outside Delgado's, Perrier and his crew join with The Mutt and Dinny. Jerome and Russ approach, but their dogs growl and Perrier coldly shoots them. Jim walks out of the hall just as the gangs are leaving, but The Mutt notices him and he is taken hostage. Meanwhile, Shamie has tried to reconcile with Brenda, but she refuses him and her and Michael take his car at gunpoint. They take refuge in a hotel. They receive a call from a badly beaten Jim who explains to Michael that he is going to "take a nap" after the phone call - implying, true to his vision, that he will die. Despite this, Michael arms himself and prepares to go to Perrier's hideout. Brenda tries to warn him against it, but the two share a passionate kiss and Michael heads out in Shamie's car.
Michael arrives at Perrier's hideout, with the €30,000 and a pistol hidden in the crotch of his pants. He is informed that his father is going to die that night, though it will be quick. Michael's death, however, will be slow. He is pinned down on the table while Ivan attempts to castrate him. Before it can be done, however, The Mutt asks for his money so he can leave. Perrier pockets the money, just as Hank (Francis Magee) shoots and kills Dinny. In the confusion, Michael is able to escape, and Perrier kills The Mutt. Two of Perrier's cronies pursue Michael, who has acquired a golf club. He uses it first to knock out Blaise (Wuzza Conlon) and then Victor (Brendan Dempsey). Michael, now armed with a pistol, returns and confronts Perrier, Ivan, Hank, and Kenny (Brian Doherty). Lining them up against a wall, Michael takes their guns and his money. Kenny calls his bluff, and is shot in the leg. Michael then pushes his father out of the building and loads him into Shamie's car. At the same time, Perrier reveals that he has an AK-74u hidden under the snooker table. With that in hand, he, Ivan, and Hank head outside to confront Michael, who is attempting to flee. Perrier fires into the car as Michael reverses, and Jim is hit in the chest. They comment on how the Reaper came after all, and Jim calls him a cunt. An enraged Michael charges out of the car at Perrier, firing his gun, wounding Ivan and Hank in the process. Perrier shoots at Michael, severely wounding him. Before Perrier can finish him, multiple vans pull up, brought to the location by Brenda, containing members of the Savage Canine Vernacular. They set their dogs upon Perrier, who is mauled to death. Brenda, Jerome, and Russ inform a semi-conscious Michael that they're taking him to Derek Dawson, the best veterinarian in the business.
The next morning, Michael, having had his wounds treated, and Brenda are at the funeral for Jim, who is buried alongside Achilles and Apollo, Russ and Jerome's dogs, at the same place that the trio had buried Orlando earlier. A heartfelt eulogy is given, and Michael and Brenda profess their love for each other. The pair then head to County Clare, where Michael intends to reconcile with his mother. The narrator, implied to be the Reaper, ponders as to whether the experience has made Michael a better man, possibly an enlightened man. He is shown waving at his mother before the camera fades out.
Cast.
The following is a list of actors and the characters they play in the film, in the order they appear:
Music.
Music for the film was created by Belfast musician David Holmes.
Critical response.
Perrier's Bounty received a rating of 57% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 37 reviews.
Donald Clarke of "The Irish Times" gave the film 2/5 stars.
Paul Byrne of Movies.ie gave the film 2/5, judging it to be less funny than the film "Intermission".
Gary Goldstein of the "Los Angeles Times" favoured the film, describing it as "A fast-paced and enjoyable if violent diversion that revels in its quirky characters, committed performances and involving twists."
Stuart Messham of "Maxim" wrote "Half comic tour de force and half “urban western”, "Perrier's Bounty" is a 90-minute treat and, in case you hadn't gathered this by now, we recommend it.", awarding the film 5 out of 5 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="20506907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506907" title="Robert Keith Leavitt">
Robert Keith Leavitt

Robert Keith Leavitt (1895–1967) was a Harvard-educated New York City advertising copywriter who turned to non-fiction writing. He was the author of many books, including a history of "Webster's Dictionary" and "The Chip on Grandma's Shoulder" (1954.) 'Bob' Leavitt was also the longtime historian of the original Baker Street Irregulars, devoted to all things Holmesian, about which he wrote in his "The Origins of 221B Worship."
Background.
Leavitt was born on August 20, 1895 in Cambridge, Massachusetts to Dr. Robert Greenleaf Leavitt, a Harvard-trained botanist, researcher, author and later college and high school teacher, and his wife Janet. Dubbed "the fiscal Holmes" by another member of the Baker Street Irregulars, Robert Keith Leavitt showed an early aptitude for ferreting out information. He attended the State Model School in Trenton, New Jersey, where his father was teaching, and graduated from Harvard College in 1917. Shortly afterwards, Leavitt joined the armed forces as 2nd Lieutenant in the 302nd Infantry, where he commanded the Prisoners of War Escort Company 223, with custody of 425 German prisoners.
After the war Leavitt returned home, and found work writing copy for a New York City advertising agency. He spent 13 years in advertising, including a stint as Secretary-Treasurer of the Association of National Advertisers, before turning to a career as a freelance writer. From the beginning Leavitt focused on historical, offbeat subjects. He wrote for a range of publications, including a 1933 article for "Business Week" – during the height of the Depression – on" What we shall sell when the upturn comes – and to whom?" Leavitt sold articles to many publications, including "Forum and Century", "Advertising and Selling", "The American Magazine", "Forbes" and others. In 1946 he wrote a 66-page booklet entitled "Your Pay Envelope – and how it gets that way". To make ends meet, Leavitt wrote corporate histories, including that of the Pennsylvania Salt Manufacturing Company, and he wrote for publications of the Great Northern Railway. The former copywriter also continued to dabble in advertising and public relations.
The corporate biographies Leavitt wrote to garner a paycheck included titles like "Prologue to Tomorrow: A History of the First Hundred Years in the Life of the Pennsylvania Salt Manufacturing Company" (1950); "Goods Roads" about the General Motors Overseas operations (1949); "Foundation for the Future: History of the Stanley Works" for Stanley Tools (1951); and 1954's "Life at Tung-Sol 1904–1954: An Informal Story of the First Half-century of Tung-Sol Electric Inc." Leavitt also found time to produce books on lighter subjects, notably "The Chip on Grandma's Shoulder", a memoir about his Maine grandmother Susan C. (Blazo) Keith, published by J. B. Lippincott in 1954, and "Common Sense About Fund Raising" (Stratford Press, 1949). 
But the book for which Leavitt is remembered is "Noah's Ark, New England Yankees, and the Endless Quest: A Short History of the Original Webster Dictionaries, with Particular Reference to Their First Hundred Years as Publications of G. & C. Merriam Company". Although a corporate history—published by G. & C. Merriam Company of Springfield, Massachusetts in 1947 -- "Noah's Ark" explores the history of Noah Webster and his competitor Joseph Emerson Worcester. The book's first half examines Webster's life and lexicography; the second half etches the "War of the Dictionaries", the struggle for supremacy between Webster's and his competitor Worcester's dictionaries. Leavitt laid out the history of Webster's publishing house after its eponymous title was sold to the Merriam family (today's Merriam-Webster).
In "Noah's Ark" Leavitt plumbed the shoals of international lexicography and usage. "In considering the influence of Webster's American Dictionary outside the United States", writes David Micklethwait in "Noah Webster and the American Dictionary", "Leavitt says that Webster was 'increasingly the arbiter of definitions in British life', until the appearance of John Ogilvie's "Imperial Dictionary" in 1850, 'itself largely indebted to the American source.'" Leavitt's work remains the definitive history of Noah Webster and his legacy.
When not writing articles and books, Leavitt indulged his passion for Sherlock Holmes, helping found, with his friend Christopher Morley, the Baker Street Irregulars, an informal group of Arthur Conan Doyle devotees. Records do not reflect when the author's affinity for Sherlock Holmes began, but his works show he was a close reader of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's oeuvre. It was in Leavitt's writings as historian of the Irregulars that he seemed most at home, his imagination prowling Arthur Conan Doyle's intricate plots, sniffing for clues about the Scottish-born author and his fictional sleuth. In an article entitled "Annie Oakley in Baker Street", for instance, Leavitt examined Sherlock Holmes's choice of handgun: Leavitt theorized from Doyle's description that Holmes's sidearm was a Webley Metropolitan Police Model, with 2½-inch barrel – the smallest handgun available, and subject to concealment without a holster.
The voracious Leavitt mined Holmes's adventures for monographs of his own. He authored "The Curious Matter of the Anonymous Latin Epitaph", "The Cardboard Box" and others. In an essay in "The Baker Street Journal", the Baker Street Irregulars's periodical, Leavitt thought fit to question the marksmanship of the revered detective. In "Annie Oakley in Baker Street", Leavitt claimed that Dr. Watson's revolver shot had toppled the villain Tonga from the deck of the "Aurora" into the River Thames, and not Holmes's. In another piece Leavitt explored the hazy question of whether Dr. Arthur Watson had remarried. Leavitt was a frequent contributor to "The Baker Street Journal", published by Ben Abramson, proprietor of Manhattan's Argus Book Shop and a Holmes aficionado, who published musings of the best-known Sherlockians. 
Within the close-knit Irregulars, Leavitt was known for his expertise in ballistics, optics and finances, sometimes combining them to examine the deeds of Conan Doyle's legendary hero.
When not writing about Holmes, Leavitt chose the company of friends like fellow Baker Street Irregulars Christopher Morley and Elmer Davis, as well as other writers, reporters, advertising men and artists of the day. 
Leavitt had an only brother, Russell Greenleaf Leavitt, who graduated from Harvard College in 1917, and who subsequently received a deferment from the military for poor eyesight. But Russell Leavitt joined the U.S. Navy and eventually wangled an assignment driving an ambulance for the U.S. Army Ambulance Corps during the First World War. Russell Leavitt drove his ambulance on the front lines for 11 months, piloting his vehicle at Verdun and Flanders, and eventually serving in the Chemical Warfare Service Laboratory at Paris.
In a piece called "The Christmas Miracle", Bob Leavitt recalled tramping through the small Massachusetts town of Stoughton on Christmas Eve at age six with his father Robert and brother Russell, searching for a Christmas tree. Leavitt's father stopped periodically and cut several tiny balsam seedlings. "Our father was a botanist Ph.D., given to plucking all manner of specimens wherever we walked, with the offhand explanation, '"A fine Tsuga canadensis", or whatever it was," Leavitt wrote. 'By nightfall we had forgotten all about the walk." At home that evening, wondering about their tree, the two boys were shown a jar of earth devoid of plant life. If they sang 'O Little Town of Bethlehem' particularly well, their mother told them, the trees might grow. 
The youngsters left the room, and began to sing. When they looked again, the seedlings had grown a foot. They repaired to the other room and sang some more. When they came back, the trees had grown again. "We went out and tried harder on that song," wrote Leavitt, "and when we re-entered the sitting room, the Tree had grown to perhaps a foot or so in height... We went out and tried harder on that song. And sure enough this Time the tree was taller than either boy... To this day I cannot hear 'O Little Town of Bethlehem,' from however cracked a curbside organ, without hearing through and beyond it the clear, true voice of my mother."
Bob Leavitt died at Scarsdale, New York, in 1967. He was 72. His botanist father had died in 1942 while walking in Parsonsfield, Maine. His mother, Janet (Shumway) Leavitt, died of pneumonia in 1902 when Leavitt was seven.
Quotes.
"People don't ask for facts in making up their minds. They would rather have one good soul-satisfying emotion than a dozen facts."
—Robert Keith Leavitt, "Voyages and Discoveries", 1939

</doc>
<doc id="20506924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506924" title="Cidades e Lendas">
Cidades e Lendas

Cidades e Lendas is the thirteenth solo album by Brazilian musician Zé Ramalho. It was released in 1996, after another four-year gap with no albums.

</doc>
<doc id="20506936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506936" title="God's Squad">
God's Squad

God's Squad, God's Squad Christian Motorcycle Club or GSCMC is a Christian motorcycle club established in the late 1960s in Sydney, Australia. The club expanded to a broader base under the leadership of Rev. Dr. John 'Bullfrog' Smith in Melbourne after 1972 and continues to be active in its outreach efforts.
History.
The club is thought to be one of the oldest Christian backpatch clubs in the world, if not the oldest. The Club primarily exists to minister among the "outlaw biker fraternity" and associated groups, where it is an accepted and relevant expression of the Christian Church. Since its birth, out of the counter culture Jesus Movement days of the late 60's it has continued, over four decades, to devote its efforts amongst those on the fringes of society. God's Squad looks to be the partial focus of a documentary film project about founder John Smith called 'Smithy - Something In Every Hue'.
Chapters.
As of 2008 it has chapters in Australia, New Zealand, United Kingdom, Norway and Finland with emerging chapters and supporting groups in Germany, Ukraine, Netherlands and Michigan USA. It continues to be associated with the ministry of Concern Australia. The first two decades of the club's history are well documented in John Smith's autobiography, "On The Side Of The Angels" first published by Lion in the mid 80's and revised, updated and republished in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20506942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506942" title="Raggamuffin Vol 2">
Raggamuffin Vol 2

Raggamuffin Vol 2 is a New Zealand and Australian compilation album released to coincide with the upcoming Raggamuffin Music Festival in 2009. It contains two tracks from each of the nine artists appearing on the Raggamuffin Festival 2009 bill—featuring Ziggy Marley, Eddy Grant, Ali Campbell, Shaggy, Arrested Development, Inner Circle, Kora, Unity Pacific, & Three Houses Down.

</doc>
<doc id="20506945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506945" title="French corvette Géographe">
French corvette Géographe

The Géographe was a 20-gun "Serpente" class corvette of the French Navy. She was named "Uranie" in 1797, and renamed "Galatée" in 1799, still on her building site. Her builder refused to launch her, as he had not been paid to that time. Finally launched in June 1800, she was renamed "Géographe" on 23 August 1800.
On 19 October 1800, under captain Nicolas Baudin, she departed Le Havre with "Naturaliste" for an exploration of Australia. She returned on 23 March 1804, under Frigate Captain Milius, as Baudin had died during the expedition.
The ship was moored at Lorient from 1811, and was eventually broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="20506947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506947" title="National Hunger March, 1932">
National Hunger March, 1932

The National Hunger March of September–October 1932 was the largest of a series of hunger marches in Britain in the 1920s and 1930s.
Background.
Hunger marches to London had previously taken place in 1922–23, 1929 and 1930, and 1927 had seen a South Wales miners' march. Due to the Great Depression and mass unemployment, throughout 1932 there was a profound atmosphere of unrest across Britain with "high tension across the country", "running battles between police and demonstrators" and "violent clashes ... between the police and unemployed protestors in Merseyside, Manchester, Birmingham, Cardiff, Coventry, Nottingham, Oldham, Porthcawl, Stoke, Wigan, Preston, Bolton and Belfast", many of which followed protests organised by the communist-led National Unemployed Workers' Movement (NUWM).
The march.
With unemployment at 2,750,000, the 1932 National Unemployed Workers' Movement organised "Great National Hunger March against the Means Test" included about 3,000 people in eighteen contingents of marchers, mainly from economically depressed areas such as the South Wales Valleys, Scotland and the North of England designed to meet up in Hyde Park in London. A petition containing a million signatures demanding the abolition of the means test and the 1931 Anomalies Act was intended to be presented to Parliament after a rally in the park.
The first contingent of marchers left Glasgow on 26 September, and the marchers were greeted by a crowd of about 100,000 upon their arrival at Hyde Park on 27 October 1932. The marchers had not received much in the way of media publicity on their way to London, but having reached the capital, "...they met an almost blanket condemnation as a threat to public order, verging upon the hysterical in the case of some of the more conservative press". Ramsay MacDonald's National government used force to stop the petition reaching parliament, with it being confiscated by the police. Fearing disorder, the police deployment was Britain's most extensive public order precaution since 1848 and Lord Trenchard, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner mobilised a total police force of 70,000 against the marchers and their supporters. Serious violence erupted in and around the park, with mounted police being used to disperse the demonstrators, and across central London in the days to come with 75 people being badly injured. Home Secretary Sir John Gilmour was questioned about the ongoing disturbances in the House of Commons.
Legacy.
The march led directly to the formation of the National Council for Civil Liberties. Its founder, Ronald Kidd, set up the Council as he was concerned about the use of "agent provocateurs" by the police to incite violence during and after the 1932 marches.
The 1932 march was followed by another in 1934 and others, including the 1936 Jarrow March.

</doc>
<doc id="20506951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506951" title="List of Assemblies of God schools">
List of Assemblies of God schools

This is a list of Postsecondary educational institutions affiliated with the Assemblies of God.
United States.
In the United States, AG schools are affiliated with the Assemblies of God USA.
Canada.
Schools affiliated with the Pentecostal Assemblies of Canada:
Australia.
Schools affiliated with the Australian Christian Churches, the Assemblies of God in Australia:

</doc>
<doc id="20506963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506963" title="John Cunningham (Scottish footballer)">
John Cunningham (Scottish footballer)

John Cunningham (1868 – "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Glasgow. He played for Benburb, Glasgow Hibernian, Celtic, Partick Thistle, Heart of Midlothian, Rangers, Glasgow Thistle, Preston North End, Sheffield United, Aston Villa, Wigan County, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20506971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506971" title="Tina Caspary">
Tina Caspary

Tina Caspary (born December 28, 1970) is an American actress, dancer, and choreographer and dance instructor. She gained moderate attention in the late 1980s with a supporting role in "Can't Buy Me Love".
Personal life.
Caspary was raised in Southern California. She developed an interest in dancing at a young age, along with her younger brother, Dewitt "Dee" Caspary, a choreographer/dancer. Caspary is married to Ryan Cyphert.
Teen actor.
As a child then a teen actor in the mid to late 1980's, Caspary had minor roles on television and movies. Her first role was as a dancer in the 1982 movie "Annie", then appeared three years later on an episode of the TV series "Silver Spoons".
In December 1986, the 15-year-old Caspary played the role of Kelly Bundy in the un-aired pilot episode of the TV series "Married... with Children". She was replaced by Christina Applegate when the show's producers felt Caspary's acting did not fit the role.
Caspary's performance in the 1986 TV movie "News at Eleven" earned her a nomination for a Young Artist Award in the "Exceptional Young Actress Starring in a Television Special or Movie of the Week" category. Her 1987 supporting role in "Can't Buy Me Love" earned a second Young Artist nomination, for "Best Young Actress in a Motion Picture - Comedy". Caspary's starring role in 1988's "Mac and Me" earned her a third Young Artist Award nomination.
Dance.
Caspary quit acting after two teen roles in 1989's "My Mom's a Werewolf" and "Teen Witch", re-focusing on dance.
She has appeared in music videos by Red Hot Chili Peppers and Reba McEntire, and was a principal dancer on the Academy Awards show for five years, working with Debbie Allen.
In 1996, Caspary launched a line of dance clothing called Katrina Activewear.
Caspary and her husband, Ryan Cyphert, are on the faculty of "SHOCK the Intensive", a company that provides intense one-day dance training programs across the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20506972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506972" title="Club Sonderauflage">
Club Sonderauflage

Club Sonderauflage is a vinyl LP which consists of a compilation of Black Sabbath songs released in 2006 by Earmark Records.
Track listing.
All titles written by Tony Iommi/Bill Ward/Geezer Butler/Ozzy Osbourne except "Evil Woman, Don't Play Your Games With Me" by L. Weigand/R.Weigand/Waggoner
Side 1
Side 2

</doc>
<doc id="20506978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506978" title="Rockhouse Island">
Rockhouse Island

Rockhouse Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is one of several islands located within the mouth of Chesterfield Inlet.
The island is approximately from the Inuit hamlet of Chesterfield Inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="20506985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506985" title="Direction flag">
Direction flag

The direction flag is a flag that controls the left-to-right or right-to-left direction of string processing, stored in the FLAGS register on all x86 compatible CPUs. It is bit number 10.
When it is set to 0 (using the clear-direction-flag instruction "CLD"), it means that instructions that autoincrement the source index and destination index (like "MOVS") will increase both of them. In case it is set to 1 (using the set-direction-flag instruction "STD"), the instruction will decrease them.
This flag is used to determine the direction (forward or backward) in which several bytes of data will be copied from one place in the memory, to another. The direction is important mainly when the original data position in memory and the target data position overlap.

</doc>
<doc id="20506995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20506995" title="Flexopecten felipponei">
Flexopecten felipponei

Flexopecten felipponei is a species of saltwater clam, a scallop, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Pectinidae, the scallops.
Original description.
The species "Flexopecten felipponei" was originally described as "Pecten" ("Chlamys") "felipponei" by W. H. Dall in 1922.
The type locality is Mar de la Plata, Argentina.
Dall's original text (the type description) reads as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20507007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507007" title="John Wood (Scottish footballer)">
John Wood (Scottish footballer)

John Wood (17 September 1894 – 9 September 1971) was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Bothkennes. He played for Dumbarton, Lochgelly United, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20507010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507010" title="19th century in LGBT rights">
19th century in LGBT rights

Events.
1860s.
1869.
A German pamphlet by the Austrian-born novelist Karl-Maria Kertbeny, published anonymously, arguing against a Prussian anti-sodomy law contains the first known use of the word "homosexual" in print.
1880s.
1885.
Any male person who, in public or private, commits, or is a party to the commission of, or procures or attempts to procure the commission by any male person of, any act of gross indecency with another male person, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable at the discretion of the court to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding two years, with or without hard labour.
Buggery, or anal sex between men, was already illegal.
1886.
We'wha, a lhamana of the Zuni tribe, begins a six-month stay in Washington, D. C., during which time he calls upon President Grover Cleveland.

</doc>
<doc id="20507022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507022" title="Coulee No. 136, Saskatchewan">
Coulee No. 136, Saskatchewan

Coulee No. 136 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, located in the Census Division 7, southeast of the city of Swift Current in the southwestern region of the province. The seat of the municipality is Swift Current.
Demographics.
In 2006, the Rural municipality had a population of 509 in 214 dwellings, a -8.9% decrease from 2001. On a surface of 842.95 km² it has a density of 0.6 inhabitants/km².
Communities.
The following communities are located in this municipality:
Organized Hamlets
Hamlets

</doc>
<doc id="20507094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507094" title="Boris Bugayev">
Boris Bugayev

Boris Pavlovich Bugaev (Russian: "Борис Павлович Бугаев") (29 July 1923 – 13 January 2007) was a Soviet military pilot, politician and statesman.
Biography.
Bugaev was born in the village of Mankivka in the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic into a family of teachers. From 1941 to 1942 he was a cadet on aircraft training squadrons. He spent the war years from 1942 to 1943 as a pilot instructor and then as an operational pilot until 1947.
In 1947 Bugaev left the Soviet Air Forces and worked in civil aviation. It was also at this time that he became involved in politics, having joined the Communist Party in 1946. As a pilot for Aeroflot, he undertook several pioneering flights to explore new routes, including to India, Burma and Indonesia. 
In 1966 Bugaev was appointed Deputy Minister for Civil Aviation and the following year he became First Deputy Minister of Civil Aviation. 1966 also saw Bugaev granted the honorary title of Hero of Socialist Labour.
From 1970 to 1987 Bugaev was Minister of Civil Aviation of the USSR. Bugaev was granted the rank of Chief Marshal of the Air Forces. He died on 13 January 2007 in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="20507134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507134" title="Abdul Halim (Indonesia)">
Abdul Halim (Indonesia)

Abdul Halim (1911–1988) was the 4th Prime Minister of Indonesia.
Family and education.
Abdul Halim was born On 27 December 1911, in Bukittinggi, West Sumatra, to Achmad St. Mangkuto and Hj. Darama. At the age of 7, Abdullah, his mother's cousin, who at that time was one of the leaders of Bataafsche Petroleum Maatscappij (BPM – now known as Pertamina) took him to Jakarta in order to obtain a better education. Halim attended HIS, MULO, AMS B and Geneeskundige Hoge School (Medical School) in Jakarta.
Career.
Abdul Halim was involved in various activities, from the politics to education to sports. He was the fourth Prime Minister of the Republic of Indonesia during the period January 1950 – September 1950. He was also the first Minister of Defense of the Republic of Indonesia (September 1950 in the Natsir cabinet).
Halim also made a contribution in the establishment of the Emergency Government of the Republic of Indonesia (PDRI) in Central Sumatra, together with Johannes Leimena and Muhammad Natsir.
As a doctor, Abdul Halim was the Director of RSUP (now Dr. Cipto Mangunkusumo Hospital, or RSCM) from July 1951 until July 1961, and worked as Inspector General until his death on 4 July 1987.
Away from politics, Halim, who had a hobby playing football, was involved in the formation of the Voetbalbond Indonesische Jacatra team(now Persija) in 1928, and was the Chairman of VIJ (Persija) for several years. From 1951–1955 he was Vice Chairman and then Chairman of the Olympic Committee of Indonesia(KOI). Halim was appointed Chairman of the National IKADA Foundation to build the Ikada Stadium Merdeka Field, Central Jakarta. In 1952 he led the first Indonesian contingent to participate in the Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20507151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507151" title="Adam Carson (footballer)">
Adam Carson (footballer)

Adam Carson ("unknown" - "unknown") was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He played for Glasgow Thistle, Newton Heath, Ardwick and Liverpool.

</doc>
<doc id="20507152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507152" title="Lecta, Kentucky">
Lecta, Kentucky

Lecta, is an unincorporated community in Barren County, Kentucky, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20507174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507174" title="Uncial 0274">
Uncial 0274

Uncial 0274 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 5th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Gospel of Mark 6-10, on 4 parchment leaves (28 cm by 33 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 30 lines per page, in uncial letters. 
Contents.
The codex contains: Gospel of Mark 6:56-7:4.6-9.13-17.19-23.29-29.34-35; 8:3-4.8-11; 9:20-22.26-41; 9:43-10:1.17-22. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th century.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex probably is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. According to Kurt and Barbara Aland it does not support the Byzantine text against the original, it agrees 6 times with the Byzantine when it has the same reading as the original text. It agrees 19 times with the original text against the Byzantine. It has 2 independent or distinctive readings. Alands placed it with hesitation in Category II.
Aland gave the following textual profile for it: 01 61/2 192 2S.
Location.
After discovering it was held in Cairo. Currently the codex is housed at the Coptic Museum (6569/6571) in Cairo. 

</doc>
<doc id="20507185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507185" title="French corvette Naturaliste">
French corvette Naturaliste

The Naturaliste was a "Salamandre"-class bomb-corvette of the French Navy.
She was launched in 1795 as "La Menaçante" (‘The Menacing’). She was renamed "Le Naturaliste" in June 1800 and under Jacques Hamelin, she took part in the exploration of Australia of Nicolas Baudin.
Following her return in June 1803, she saw service in the French Navy for seven more years until it was decommissioned in 1810 and sold in January 1811.

</doc>
<doc id="20507189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507189" title="Bill McCartney (footballer)">
Bill McCartney (footballer)

William McCartney (born in Newmilns) was a Scottish footballer, whose regular position was as a forward. He played for Rutherglen Glencairn, Ayr, Hibernian, Manchester United, and West Ham United. McCartney played once for Scotland, in a 5–1 win against Ireland in the 1902 British Home Championship. He also represented the Scottish League.
McCartney helped Hibs to win the 1902 Scottish Cup and the 1903 Scottish league championship, but was transferred to Manchester United in 1903. McCartney was then transferred by United to West Ham after just one season with the club.

</doc>
<doc id="20507213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507213" title="Akreavenek Island">
Akreavenek Island

Akreavenek Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is one of several islands located within the mouth of Chesterfield Inlet.
It is approximately from the Inuit hamlet of Chesterfield Inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="20507223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507223" title="Charlie Ramsden">
Charlie Ramsden

Charles William Ramsden (11 June 1904 – 16 February 1975) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Bucklow, Cheshire. He played for Rotherham Town, Stockport County, Manchester North End, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20507230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507230" title="List of 2001 box office number-one films in the United Kingdom">
List of 2001 box office number-one films in the United Kingdom

This is a list of films which have placed number one at the weekend box office in the United Kingdom during 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20507235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507235" title="Jason Britton">
Jason Britton

Jason Britton is an American stunt rider who grew up in Huntington Beach, California. It was here that he started riding motorcycles at the age of two. At the age of twelve, he started racing moto-cross.
Now an expert rider, Britton has taken his riding talent and skills in extreme sports to a new art form. He takes on challenging Hollywood roles in films such as “Torque” (doubling for Ice Cube) and stunt work in “Biker Boyz,” and “Waist Deep.”
Jason is the currently hosting “Super Bikes!” and is the Executive Editor of 2Wheel Tuner Magazine as well as a contributing force to the new SportbikeClub.com online community, check out his profile at http://my.sportbikeclub.com/jbritton. Now a seasoned rider/entertainer, he still finds the time to collect bikes and make extreme videos. His “No Limit” riding style can be seen on many extreme videos such as “Urban Assault”, “All Twisted and Pucked-Up”, “Urban Assault II”, “Get On Up”, Get On Up II”, “Revolution Twenty 04,” “Revolution Twenty 05,” “Get On Up III” and newly released “Get On Up 4”.

</doc>
<doc id="20507241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507241" title="Chocorua Lake">
Chocorua Lake

Chocorua Lake is a picturesque lake in northeast New Hampshire with commanding views of the summit of Mount Chocorua. It is approximately 1.1 miles (1.8 km) long (north-south) with a maximum width of 3,500 ft (1.1 km) (east-west), covering 222 acres (890,000 m²), and a maximum depth of 27 feet (8.2 meters). 
The lake is most noted for its calm, serene setting. There is little to no development surrounding it, and its stunning views of the bald summit of Mount Chocorua are unblemished by radio antennas.
Geography.
Chocorua Lake, also commonly called Lake Chocorua, is located in east-central New Hampshire in the town of Tamworth, New Hampshire. It is located in the Ossipee Lake watershed south of the White Mountains region. The watershed is of mostly protected forest under the management of the United States Forest Service. The main inflow into the lake is the Chocorua River from the north, which drains the south side of Mount Chocorua. Stratton Brook flows into the west side of the lake. The lake's outflow is to the south, through Little Chocorua Lake, then through a dam outfall into the Chocorua River. (Though the lake has a dammed outlet, it is a natural lake, not a reservoir, with the dam serving to maintain the water level of the lake at precisely 574 feet above sea level.) The water from the Chocorua Lake outfall and the Chocorua River eventually reaches the Bearcamp River and enters Ossipee Lake, then the Saco River and finally the Atlantic Ocean on the coast of Maine.
Recreation.
Swimming, canoeing, kayaking, and fishing are popular recreation activities on the lake. Outboard motors of any kind are prohibited from using the lake. In addition, campfires and cooking fires of any kind are prohibited from the shore of the lake. Canoe and kayak access is available from The Grove off of New Hampshire Route 16 on the east side of the lake, and from the road near the bridge on the south end of the lake. There are beaches accessible from Route 16 on the east side of the lake. In addition, there are many hiking trails around the lake; most notable are the trails leading to the summit of Mount Chocorua just north of the lake.
Wildlife.
Fish species that live in Chocorua Lake include brook trout, smallmouth bass, black bullhead, yellow perch, rainbow trout and catfish.
Bird species that live in or migrate through the vicinity include the bald eagle, loon, and osprey.
Water quality and environmental concerns.
Chocorua Lake is a fragile lake due to how shallow it is. It has an average depth of 12 feet (3.7 m) and a maximum depth of 27 feet (8.2 m). Because of the lake's shallowness, sunlight reaches most of the water column. Therefore, even low concentrations of nutrients can cause plant life and algae to grow quickly, obscuring the sunlight needed for their growth, leading to a loss of oxygen in the water. Due to overdevelopment of the region and runoff from New Hampshire Route 16, phosphorus and other nutrients started showing up in the lake in higher concentrations. Algae, lily pads, and other plant life grew at a rapid rate and caused the clarity of the lake to decline. This can increase the risk of dead zones to occur in the lake. The Chocorua Lake Association (CLA), the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the New Hampshire Department of Transportation (NHDOT), and the Town of Tamworth began what was called the "Berms and Swales Project" in September 2000 to build berms, swales, and other filtering devices to control runoff and to filter sediments and nutrients. This critical work with the partnership among the various agencies has caused an 82% percent decline in phosphorus nutrients since 2000. This has been noted on the EPA website as one of its success stories.
Scenic beauty.
The lake is surrounded by forests with very little visible human development. This provides a very natural setting that is rare to find around most lakes today due to houses, restaurants, hotels, and docks that surround most lakes. This is mostly due to the conservation easements written into the property deeds of about 60 landowners that preserved the forested buffers that surround the lake.
Visible to the north of the lake is the stunning view of the bald face summit of Mount Chocorua, which tops out at an elevation of . On most days the mountain's reflection on the lake provides for spectacular photographs.

</doc>
<doc id="20507248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507248" title="Pintail Island">
Pintail Island

Pintail Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada. It is located at the mouth of Chesterfield Inlet.
The island is approximately from the Inuit hamlet of Chesterfield Inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="20507276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507276" title="Tim Wheeler (academic)">
Tim Wheeler (academic)

Professor Timothy Wheeler DL is Vice-Chancellor of the University of Chester. He was Appointed Principal of University College Chester in 1998 and became the first Vice-Chancellor of the University of Chester in 2005.
Education.
He was educated at the University College of North Wales, Bangor, where he studied as an undergraduate and subsequently gained a Doctorate in Psychology.
Appointments prior to Chester.
Wheeler held lectureships in Psychology and Communications at Sheffield Hallam University in the 1970s, was appointed Dean of the Faculty of Communication and Human Studies at Dublin City University and, in 1985, Professor and Head of the School of Social Studies at the Robert Gordon University. 
Combined with a period as Senior Visiting Research Scholar at St John's College, Oxford, he was Head of the Department of Communication and Media at Bournemouth University. He moved to Southampton Institute in 1991 as a member of the Directorate. He became Acting Director in 1997.
Work and appointments elsewhere.
He is a Deputy Lieutenant for Cheshire and is actively involved with Chester Cathedral.
Work at the University of Chester.
During his tenure as Vice Chancellor Professor Wheeler has most recently been responsible for the purchase of County Hall, Chester and Kingsway High School by the university.
Personal life.
He is married with three daughters, lives in Cheshire and enjoys music, theatre and the arts.

</doc>
<doc id="20507286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507286" title="Peter Swire">
Peter Swire

Peter Swire (born May 15, 1958) is the Nancy J. and Lawrence P. Huang Professor in the Scheller College of Business at the Georgia Institute of Technology and an internationally recognized expert in privacy law. Swire is also a Senior Fellow at the Center for American Progress and the Future of Privacy Forum and a Policy Fellow with the Center for Democracy and Technology. During the Clinton Administration, he became the first person to hold the position of Chief Counselor for Privacy in the Office of Management and Budget. In this role, he coordinated administration policy on privacy and data protection, including interfacing with privacy officials in foreign countries. He may be best known for shaping the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act Privacy Rule while serving as the Chief Counselor for Privacy. In November, 2012 he was named as co-chair of the Tracking Protection Working Group of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C), to attempt to mediate a global Do Not Track standard.
Education.
Swire graduated summa cum laude with an A.B. degree from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton with a concentration in economics in 1980. Swire also earned a membership in the Phi Beta Kappa society. After earning his undergraduate degree, Swire studied at the Université Libre de Bruxelles on a Rotary International Ambassadorial Scholarship. In 1985, Swire graduated from Yale Law School where he was the Senior Editor of the Yale Law Journal. Upon graduation, Swire clerked for the Honorable Ralph K. Winter, Jr. at the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit from 1985 to 1986.
Career.
Swire started his professional career as an associate for Powell, Goldstein, Frazer & Murphy in Washington, D.C. In 1990, he began his academic career as an Associate Professor at the University of Virginia School of Law. Swire began teaching at Ohio State University in 1996, but left the university in April 1999 to become the first Chief Counselor for Privacy in the Office of Budget and Management during the Clinton Administration.
As the Chief Counselor for Privacy in the Clinton administration, Swire became known as a behind-the-scenes go-to guy. Swire shepherded the creation of the HIPAA Privacy Rule by working with the Department of Health and Human Services to create a proposed privacy rule. The proposed privacy rule was opened up for public comment and generated over 52,000 comments. The final text of the rule was announced by President Bill Clinton and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Donna Shalala on December 20, 2000. During his time in the Clinton Administration, Swire also chaired a 15-agency White House Working Group on updating wiretap law for the Internet age.
In early 2001, Swire resumed his position at Ohio State, and became Director in 2002 of the Washington D.C. Summer Program for the Moritz College of Law. In 2005, Swire was named the C. William O'Neil Professor in Law and Judicial Administration at the Moritz College of Law of Ohio State University . Swire has researched many elements of technology law, including privacy, data brokering, electronic surveillance, and computer security. He is a founding faculty editor of "" and with Jonathan Zittrain is the editor of Cyberspace Law Abstracts of the Social Science Research Network.
During the Obama-Biden Transition, Swire worked on teams for the Federal Trade Commission and Federal Communications Commission, and served as Counsel to the New Media Team. In 2009 and 2010, Swire took leave from law teaching to enter the Obama Administration, in the National Economic Council. He was Special Assistant to President Obama for Economic Policy, working primarily on housing and technology issues.
In Fall 2013, Swire accepted the Nancy J. and Lawrence P. Huang Professor in the Scheller College of Business at the Georgia Institute of Technology. Swire's responsibilities include teaching, research, and service as a part of the Law and Ethics program.

</doc>
<doc id="20507292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507292" title="Santa Eulalia, Huehuetenango">
Santa Eulalia, Huehuetenango

Santa Eulalia also known as Jolom Konob' is a municipality located in the north-east of the department of Huehuetenango, Guatemala, Central America. This town is rich in culture and traditions. The majority of people here speak the Q'anjob'al language.
Santa Eulalia is situated in the Sierra de los Cuchumatanes at above sea level. 
The annual celebrations in honor of the town's patron saint, Saint Eulalia takes place from 8 February and culminates in its main celebration day the 12th.

</doc>
<doc id="20507312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507312" title="Siegfried Hirsch">
Siegfried Hirsch

Siegfried Hirsch (5 November 1816 – 11 September 1860) was a German historian who was a native of Berlin. He was a cousin to historian Theodor Hirsch (1806-1881).
From 1833 to 1836 he was a student at the Universities of Berlin and Königsberg. While a student he published an award-winning essay on King Henry I called "Das Leben und die Thaten König Heinrichs I" (1834). A few years later he was co-author with Georg Waitz (1813-1886) on the publication of ""Die Echtheit der Chronik von Korvei". 
In 1842 Hirsch received his habilitation at Berlin, and in 1844 was appointed associate professor. In 1860 he died in Paris prior to finishing his treatise on Holy Roman Emperor Henry II, which is considered to be Hirsch's principal work. It was subsequently edited by Rudolf Usinger (1835-1874), Hermann Pabst (1842-1870) and Harry Bresslau (1848-1926), and was published as "Jahrbücher des Deutschen Reichs unter Heinrich II" (Annals of the German Empire under Henry II). Another noted work by Hirsch was a publication on medieval chronicler Sigebert of Gembloux, titled "De vita et scriptis Sigiberti" (1841).

</doc>
<doc id="20507316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507316" title="L. C. Hayden">
L. C. Hayden

L. C. Hayden is an American mystery novelist whose 2006 novel "Why Casey Had to Die" was a finalist for the Agatha Award for Best Novel. Hayden was also a high school English teacher for 26 years, having retired in 2001.
Hayden and her husband reside in El Paso, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20507333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507333" title="Frank Browning (author)">
Frank Browning (author)

Frank Browning is an American author and former correspondent for National Public Radio. His books include 'The Monk & the Skeptic: Dialogues on Sex, Faith and Religion" (forthcoming October 2013), 'The American Way of Crime: From Salem to Watergate" (1980), "The Culture of Desire: Paradox and Perversity in Gay Lives Today" (1993), "A Queer Geography: Journeys Toward a Sexual Self" (1996) and "Apples: Story of the Fruit of Temptation" (1996). He is also co-author with Sharon Silva of a cookbook, "An Apple Harvest: Recipes and Orchard Lore" (1999). He currently lives in Paris, France where he writes on arts for the Huffington Post; he contributes to a number of American magazines, including California. Raised on an apple orchard in Kentucky, he has lived in Washington, D.C., New York, San Francisco, California, Los Angeles, California and Ann Arbor, Michigan and Brooklyn, New York. He has lived in Paris, France since 2001, is in a longterm relationship, and is currently working on a new book on the future of gender around the world.
Browning worked was a staff correspondent and contract reporter for National Public Radio, where he won two Armstrong Awards for his reporting and coordinated with fellow journalist Brenda Wilson a multi-part series on Aids in Black America that won a Dupont-Columbia prize. He began his work on newspapers in Kentucky then undertook investigative reporting for the muckraking magazine Ramparts. His work has appeared in The Washington Post Magazine, Mother Jones, Playboy, Penthouse, Salon and numerous other publications. He has also reported for Marketplace Radio and This American Life.

</doc>
<doc id="20507348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507348" title="Samuel Pattinson">
Samuel Pattinson

Samuel Pattinson (17 December 1870 – 15 November 1942) was a British businessman and Liberal politician.
Family and education.
Samuel Pattinson was the son of William Pattinson, a Justice of the Peace from Ruskington in Lincolnshire. He was educated at Abingdon House School in Northampton. In 1897 he married Betsy Sharpley Bainbridge from Lincoln. They had one son and a daughter.
A Liberal family.
The Pattinson family had strong Liberal political connections. The husband of Samuel Pattinson’s sister, Annie, was Richard Winfrey who was Liberal MP for South West Norfolk from 1906–1923 and for Gainsborough from 1923-24. His own brother, Robert Pattinson, who was knighted in 1934, was Liberal MP for Grantham from 1922-23.
Career.
The Pattinson family ran a successful builder’s merchants in Sleaford, Lincolnshire, of which Samuel was a director. He was also a director of Bainbridge’s Ltd in Lincoln, his wife’s father’s company.
Politics.
Local politics.
Pattinson was an Alderman of Kesteven County Council and later for Lincolnshire County Council, on which he served as Chairman of the Finance Committee. He was also Justice of the Peace for the County.
Parliamentary politics.
He first contested a Parliamentary seat at the 1918 general election when he stood as Liberal candidate in Horncastle. As a supporter of H H Asquith he was not given the government coupon which was granted to Coalition Unionist William Weigall. Pattinson tried again at Horncastle at the by-election of 1920 which was called when Weigall was appointed Governor of South Australia but he lost by 1,413 votes to the Coalition Conservative, Stafford Vere Hotchkin.
Member of Parliament for Horncastle.
Pattinson was eventually elected to the House of Commons at the 1922 general election, beating the Conservative candidate by 1,639. He held the seat at the 1923 general election with a majority of 1,819 but he could not retain it in 1924 losing to Conservative candidate Henry Cobden Haslam, a science researcher from Cambridge University, by 1,169 votes 
Bonar Law.
Despite his Liberal affiliations, Pattison was obviously an admirer of Tory leader Andrew Bonar Law. In December 1922 he informed his constituents in Horncastle that Bonar Law was ‘the finest leader the House of Commons had seen for a very long time. ..held the House of Commons in the hollow of his hand”. Pattinson said although he differed in political viewpoint from Bonar Law, he admired him greatly and believed he honestly wished to do his best for the country. By this time of course Bonar Law was prime minister having replaced David Lloyd George when his Liberal-Conservative coalition fell after the Carlton Club meeting of 19 October 1922. As an Asquithian Liberal, it is unlikely Pattinson had much regard for Lloyd George and his view of Bonar Law might have been coloured by this. By December 1922, the general election was over, so Pattison had no need to flatter Bonar Law to his constituents to try and earn Conservative votes.

</doc>
<doc id="20507362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507362" title="Hybrid theory for photon transport in tissue">
Hybrid theory for photon transport in tissue

Hybrid Theory for photon transport in tissue uses the advantages and eliminates the deficiencies of both the Monte Carlo method and the Diffusion Theory for photon transport to model photons traveling through tissue both accurately and efficiently.
MCML (Monte Carlo Modeling of Light Transportation in Multi-Layered Medium).
The MCML is a numerical way to simulate photon transport in biological tissue. Each photon packet follows a random walk with persistence, where the direction of each step dependent on the direction of the previous step. By averaging multiple independent random walks, MCML estimates the ensemble-averaged quantities such as reflectance, transmittance, absorption, and fluence.
Briefly, a packet of photon is first launched into the biological tissue. The parameters of photon transport, including the step size and deflection angle due to scattering, are determined by random sampling from probability distributions. A fraction of weight, determined by the scattering and absorption coefficients is deposited at the interaction site. The photon packet continues propagating until the weight left is smaller than a certain threshold. If this packet of photon hits the boundary during the propagation, it is either reflected or transmitted, determined by a pseudorandom number. Statistically sufficient numbers of photon packets must be simulated to obtain the expected values accurately.
Advantages and Disadvantages
This Monte Carlo method is rigorous and flexible. However, because of its statistical nature, this method requires tracking a large number of photon packets, making it computationally expensive.
Diffusion Theory.
The Diffusion Theory is an approximation of the radiative transfer equation (RTE), and an analytical way to simulate photon transport. As such, it has the ability to model photon propagation through tissue quickly.
As an example, one way to attain a solution for a pencil beam that is vertically incident on a semi-infinite homogeneous scattering medium is by taking three approximation steps as follows:
Advantages and Disadvantages
Diffusion Theory is more computationally efficient than MCML. However, it is also less accurate than MCML near the source and boundaries.
Hybrid Theory.
The Hybrid Theory combines the Diffusion Theory and the Monte Carlo method in order to increase accuracy near the source and boundaries while reducing computation time. In the previous example for the Diffusion Theory, a semi-infinite scattering medium with only one boundary was assumed. If the geometry is a slab, the second boundary must be taken into account. The fluence rate at the extrapolated boundaries must be approximately 0. Using an array of image sources fulfills this boundary condition. The extrapolated boundary is located at distance formula_4. The formula_5 coordinates for the source pairs are formula_6 where formula_7 is the formula_5 coordinate for the point source and formula_9 is the slab thickness. Only 2-3 pairs are usually necessary to achieve good accuracy.
A Monte Carlo approach can be used to make up for the Diffusion Theory's inherently poor accuracy near the boundaries. As mentioned before, the Monte Carlo simulation is time consuming. When a photon packet is within a critical depth formula_10 the Monte Carlo simulation tracks all packets but within the center region the photon packet is transformed to an isotropic source and subsequently treated with Diffusion Theory. Just like in the Monte Carlo simulation, any photon packet that gets reemitted is added to the diffuse reflectance formula_11.
When a photon packet is scattered into the center zone formula_12, it is conditionally converted to an isotropic point source. The photon packet must still be in the center region after one transport mean free path formula_13 along the direction of the photon packet propagation for it to be converted to a point source, otherwise the Monte Carlo simulation continues. Before the conversion to an isotropic point source, the photon packet reduces its weight due to its interaction with the scattering medium. The resulting weight is recorded as a source function formula_14. This is the accumulated weight distribution which can be converted to relative source density function formula_15 by:
The additional diffuse reflectance formula_19 from the sources is calculated as:
Advantages over Diffusion Theory and MCML.
A trade-off between simulation speed and accuracy exists; choosing a critical depth formula_10 becomes the deciding factor for simulation speed with a deeper critical depth resulting in slower times due to packets needing to be tracked for a longer distance before the transition to diffusion theory.
Advantages
Where formula_26 is the relative refraction coefficient, formula_9 is the slab thickness, formula_28 is the absorption coefficient, and formula_29 is the user time.

</doc>
<doc id="20507375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507375" title="Janine Pease">
Janine Pease

Janine Pease is an American Indian educator and advocate. She is the founding president of the Little Big Horn College as well as the past president of the American Indian Higher Education Consortium and director of the American Indian College Fund. She was appointed by President Bill Clinton to the National Advisory Council on Indian Education and the White House Initiative on Tribal Colleges and Universities Advisory Council. She has also served as a trustee of the Smithsonian National Museum of the American Indian.
Pease (then Janine Windy Boy) was the lead plaintiff in a voting rights litigation against Big Horn County ("Windy Boy v. Big Horn County"), the result of which was a Federal District Court ruling that invalidated at large elections in Big Horn County and the local school district. This was the first successful Voting Rights Act case on behalf of American Indians. She also served on the Montana Human Rights Commission.
Personal life.
Pease is a member of the Crow Indian tribe. She was the first woman of Crow lineage to earn a doctorate degree, (from Montana State University in 1994). She was born on the Colville Indian Reservation in Washington where both of her parents worked as educators. One of her paternal great-grandfathers was White Man Runs Him, one of the Crow scouts who served with George Armstrong Custer. 
Pease holds two bachelor's degrees from Central Washington University. She received her master’s from Montana State University in 1987 and her doctorate in adult and higher education in 1994.
Educator.
Pease has worked for the Governor’s Commission on Youth Involvement and in 1975 she served as the Director of the Crow tribe’s Adult and Continuing Education Program. She was part of the Crow Central Education Commission and helped to establish the first Crow Indian educational authority, which provided for the education of tribe members on and off the reservation.
She taught Native American Studies at Big Bend Community College. She was also a counselor at the Navajo Community College and Eastern Montana College (now Montana State University). Pease served as the president of the Little Big Horn College from 1982 to 2000. From 2003-2008 she held the position of Vice President for American Indian Affairs at Rocky Mountain College.
Currently she works as the Vice President for Academic Affairs at Fort Peck Community College in Poplar, Montana.
She is interested in revitalization of the Crow language.
Honors and titles.
Pease is the recipient of several prestigious awards and honors including the MacArthur Fellowship and the ACLU Jeanette Rankin Award, as well as being chosen as the National Indian Educator of the Year in 1990. She was also named one of the “One of the 100 Most Influential Montanans of the Century” by the Missoulian Magazine.
She is the recipient of several honorary doctorates and was appointed to the Montana Board of Regents of Higher Education in 2006 by Governor Schweitzer. In 2006, Governor Schweitzer appointed her to the Montana University Board of Regents, where she served from May 2006 to February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20507380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507380" title="2 X 2">
2 X 2

2 X 2 is a double album by Milli Vanilli which was released in the U.K. in 1989. Disc one of the album contained the original European "All or Nothing" while disc two contained the American remix album All or Nothing (US Remix Album).
Arista Records in the U.S. repackaged the first Milli Vanilli album "All or Nothing" as "Girl You Know It's True". The release was still considered "too European sounding" by Arista so yet another repackaged album "All or Nothing (US Remix Album)" was released with remixes and additional tracks. This album was successful and broke the act in the U.S. market, spawning several hits.
For the U.K. release, BMG repackaged both versions as the one double album. This is evident in the cassette version of the release where one cassette has a label (covering the "All or Nothing" title typography) and the other cassette does not. Disc one and disc two also contain exactly the same "NY Subway Version" of "Girl You Know It's True" (lifted from the 12" single) despite the first disc version not being labeled so. Despite not being marketed as a package of two albums in the U.K., another tell-tale sign is the fact is the inclusion of two mixes of a non-single track "Dreams to Remember" and only one version of "Blame It on the Rain".

</doc>
<doc id="20507396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507396" title="Llyn Llywenan">
Llyn Llywenan

Llyn Llywenan (English: "Yew Tree Lake") is a lake in western Anglesey, Wales found just over north of the village of Bodedern and east of the town of Holyhead. At a maximum length of and breath of it has a surface area of only . This makes it the largest natural lake on the island—both Llyn Alaw and Llyn Cefni are larger but are man made.
The lake, a Site of Special Scientific Interest, is situated above mean sea level and was chosen as an SSSI as there are uncommon aquatic plants there, as well as the fact that the lake is very shallow and could in the next hundred years or so be filled with silt. There is a small, rather featureless, island in the middle of the southern section of the lake which is roughly across. 
There are two neolithic burial mounds immediately to the south of the lake, one of which is quite complete. The character Lord Owen Griffiths for the American role playing game "Castle Falkenstein" has a lover Gwagged Annwn Nimüe who, in the game world, lives by the lake. 

</doc>
<doc id="20507424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507424" title="Bir Tibetan Colony">
Bir Tibetan Colony

Bir Tibetan Colony is a Tibetan refugee settlement in the Himalayan village of Chowgan on the outskirts of the town of Bir, in the state of Himachal Pradesh in northern India.
Bir Tibetan Colony was established in the early 1960s by Chokling Rinpoche following the exile of the Dalai Lama and other refugees from Tibet.
The Tibetan Colony houses several Tibetan monasteries (representing the Nyingma, Kagyu, and Sakya traditions), a Tibetan handicraft center, a Tibetan Children's Village school (Suja), a branch of the Tibetan Medical and Astrological Institute (Men-Tsee-Khang), a medical clinic, and the Deer Park Institute. It is also home to a number of shops, cafés, and guest houses.
Geography.
Bir Tibetan Colony is located in the western half of the village of Chowgan, on the southwestern edge of the town of Bir, in the Tehsil (administrative subdivision) of Baijnath, in the District of Kangra, in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh.
Bir Tibetan Colony is located east-southeast of Dharamshala and is three hours by bus from Dharamshala. It is situated 6 km south of the popular paragliding destination of billing, on the way to the Thamsar Pass leading to Bara Bhangal.
Geologically, Bir is situated in the Dhauladhar Range of the foothills of the Indian Himalayas.
The nearest railway station is Ahju, on the narrow-gauge line running between Pathankot and Jogindernagar via Kangra.
Road access to Bir Tibetan Colony is from the Bir Road turnoff (signposted) on NH20, approximately midway between Baijnath and Jogindernagar.
Detailed travel tips for Bir are available at the Bir Portal.
Population.
The population of Bir Tibetan Colony is primarily Tibetan refugees, but there are also a number of Indian families and a small community of international expatriates and long-term visitors. Note that it is only the Bir Tibetan Colony itself that is primarily settled by Tibetan refugees: the population of the town of Bir proper is almost entirely Indian.
The majority of the Tibetan refugees based in Bir originally came from the Kham region of southeastern Tibet, but many of the refugees living in the Colony today were born in India, and the population continues to diversify.
Attractions.
There are several institutions in Bir that attract tourists, students, volunteers and other visitors from around India and from abroad:
The Deer Park Institute is a 'centre for the study of classical Indian wisdom traditions' established by Dzongsar Khyentse Rinpoche in March 2006 under the patronage of the Dalai Lama.
Chokling Gompa is the monastery of Neten Chokling Rinpoche, a reincarnate lama in the Nyingma tradition of Tibetan Buddhism and the director of the film Milarepa (2006). Chokling Gompa is a point of architectural interest, with a grand prayer hall and a picturesque stupa.
There are also several other monasteries and temples in the Tibetan Colony, and the Tibetan herbal clinic (Men-Tsee-Khang) and handicraft centre also serve as tourist attractions. The major monastery of Sherab Ling is just a few minutes away in nearby Bhattu village. The Dzongsar Institute (a Tibetan Buddhist monastic college) is in nearby Chauntara.
Dharmalaya is an Indian charitable society (NGO) based in Bir, which is 'devoted to education, service, and compassionate living, with a practical focus on sustainable village development, contemplative service-learning, and immersive ecotourism.'.
In Popular Culture.
Bir was the setting for Khyentse Norbu's first feature film, "The Cup" ("Phörpa") (1999), which was based on events that took place in Bir during the 1998 World Cup final and was shot on location in Bir.

</doc>
<doc id="20507452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507452" title="Reference Island">
Reference Island

Reference Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is located within Chesterfield Inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="20507456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507456" title="G.I. Joe (disambiguation)">
G.I. Joe (disambiguation)

G.I. Joe is a line of military-themed action figures produced by Hasbro.
G.I. Joe may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20507477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507477" title="Greenwood Laboratory School">
Greenwood Laboratory School

Greenwood Laboratory School is a comprehensive K-12 laboratory school affiliated with, and located on the campus of, Missouri State University in Springfield, Missouri. Greenwood is often mistakenly called a private school since it does have tuition. However, it is technically public due to the funding it receives from Missouri State University.
History.
Greenwood Laboratory School was originally established in 1908 as part of the teacher training curriculum at Springfield Normal School. In 1924, Greenwood Training School, named in honor of the great Missouri educator, J.M. Greenwood, moved into the new education building, now Hill Hall, on the South campus of then Southwest Missouri Teachers College. The new building, a stately piece of architecture, was now able to house the entire K-12 training school. Greenwood Laboratory School has continued to provide the finest kindergarten through grade twelve college prep education in the area for more than 100 years.
Enrollment.
The school has an enrollment of approximately 374 students, and about 30 or so faculty members. As of 2011, approximately 120 students were enrolled in the high school. The average graduating class is about 30 students. Parents are known to sign their children up on a waiting list to get in as soon as they are born.
Academics.
The school offers the basic course offerings of any other high school and a comparable course credit system. Over 90% of the college's faculty members have Master's degrees and have an average of 9 years of experience at the school. From 2002 to 2008, the average ACT scores have ranged from about 25 to 26, exceeding state and national averages by 4 to 6 points. In addition,almost 100% of graduates go on to attend college. Greenwood is accredited by the North Central Association of Schools and meets the graduation requirements of the Missouri Department of Elementary and Secondary Education. In addition, graduates receive a separate transcript from MSU for their advanced college coursework on campus at Missouri State University.
Graduation Exhibition.
Students must master all components of this rigorous project including: a research paper on a current topic, a related service project in the community, and a final public presentation including public speaking, a media presentation called a Gamma comparing the search topic to the service learning experience and a Q & A session. Students are responsible for getting a three person committee to advise them on their project. This committee assesses the public speaking component and the Gamma/media presentation component. A separate writing committee assesses all students written components.
Public Affairs Diploma.
Students can receive a "Public Affairs Diploma" by meeting certain criteria. The diploma is designed to engage students in community service projects over the course of their high school years. The Public Affairs Scholars Diploma will be awarded to all Greenwood graduates based on: 23 units of credit earned, 4 Scholars Merits earned in “designated” courses during the 4-year high school experience. Successful completion of the Graduation Exhibition In addition to the graduation requirements listed above, the Greenwood student may choose to work toward the completion of the Public Affairs Honors Diploma.This diploma will be awarded to students who meet all requirements for the Scholars Diploma and also earn four additional Honors Merits during their secondary school experience. Scholars Merits and Honors Merits will be awarded based on significant volunteering and/or service learning activities. Greenwood graduates may attain additional honors endorsements in the area of sciences, mathematics, public affairs as well as other fields of study. Service learning is a teaching method that combines meaningful service to the community with curriculum-based learning. Effective service learning activities meet the following guidelines as identified by the Seven Best Practices for Service Learning—adapted from the Maryland Student Service Alliance.
Activities.
The Greenwood Lab School mascot is the Blue Jay and the school colors are blue and white, with black or red serving as accent colors. Activities offered include speech & debate, basketball, golf, soccer, tennis, cross country, track & field, concert band, concert choir, cheerleading, Spanish club, math club, National Honors Society, and student council. Football was formerly a sport until the early 1990s when soccer was given preference over football. Girls Soccer was started in 2007.
Boys Soccer.
Soccer has been Greenwood's most notable sport since its inception in 1990 when it began as a club team. In the 1990s, Boys Soccer was coached by Jan Stahle who is a Greenwood Alumni. From 1992-1999 Greenwood Boys Soccer fielded a team in the District Championship Game with 7 consecutive District Championships from 1992-1998. In 1992 and 1998 the team made it to the State Quarterfinals. From 1993-1997, Greenwood Boys Soccer made it to the State Championship round, placing 4th in 1993, 3rd in 1994, and 2nd in 1995-1997. During the 1996 season, Greenwood Boys Soccer had a National Record of 23 consecutive shutouts. In 2005, Greenwood Boys Soccer returned to its old form posting a 15-9-4 record, a District Championship, and a 3rd Place finish in the State Championship round. In 2009, senior Chris Aiken broke the long standing career goal scoring record which was previously held by John McQueary since 1997. The record was broken again in the 2010 season, by senior Stuart Beezley with 104 goals. In 2013, Senior Nick Hogan broke the single season scoring record with 32 goals.
Boys Football.
Football was Greenwood's most notable sport until it was taken away in 1996. In the decade of the 1980s Greenwood became one of the most dominant small school programs in the State of Missouri. They went on to win the cities first football state championship in 1981. Anthony Frazier won the Springfield Quarterback Club's MVP and top Quarterback award in 1981. Coach Paul Mullins won Coach of the Year honors in 1985 and 1986 from the Springfield Quarterback Club. Coach Mullins was inducted to the Missouri Football Coaches Association Hall of Fame in 1992.
Boys Basketball.
Greenwood has a storied Boys Basketball Program dating back to the founding of the school. Coach J.H. "Speedy" Collins was coach from 1924 until 1964 and guided the Bluejays to 13 Basketball Championships. In 1942 Greenwood was the State Champion for Class B, when Coach J.H. "Speedy" Collins guided the Boys to a 26-4 record and a Championship Victory over Hopkins High, with a final score of 45-41. Coach Larry Atwood led the team to two State Runner Up finishes in Class 1A in 1980 and 1982. Coach Atwood also was awarded Coach of the Year in 1980 and 1982 by the Springfield Tip-Off Club. Anthony Frazier who was a key piece to the 1982 runner up finish was awarded the Springfield Tip-Off Club Player of the Year award that year. Coach Mark Fisher guided the Bluejays to a Runner Up finish in Class 1A in 1991. Monte Marsh who was part of that team, was the 1991 Springfield Tip-Off Club Player of the year. Coach Fisher was a Two-Time Winner of the Springfield Tip-Off Club Coach of the Year Award in 1991 and 1999. The 1990s was highlighted with intense rivalries with Springfield Catholic High School and Sparta High School. Trevyor Fisher who played for his Father, was the Springfield Tip-Off Club Player of the Year in 2000, later went on to play for the Missouri State Bears, and currently serves as their Director of Basketball Operations.
Boys Golf.
Greenwood Lab School has the honor of being the alma mater of American Golf great Payne Stewart. Stewart graduated from GLS in 1975 after a stellar prep career of playing for the Blue Jays. Although he never won an individual state H.S.title, Payne's legendary style and technique lives forever at Greenwood and around the world. No team in the Blue Jays history had won a state championship until the spring of 2009. That team was led by Senior Captain Patrick Connor who was a 2 time all state performer, 3 time all district performer, and was a part of 3 district championship teams. The 2009 state team was anchored by phenomenal play by sophomore standout Andy Godwin. Godwin won the school's first individual title for Class 1 since Alan Rosen in 1986. The 2009 state tournament was held at Twin Oaks Country Club in Springfield, Missouri. Other members of the 2009 state championship team were Senior Josh Burk, Junior Evan Stelzer, Junior Ian Loyd, and coached by Darren Taylor.
High School Band.
Greenwood has had a High School Band for many years, but did not achieve consistent success until the arrival of current Band Director Richard Ruhe in 1991. In the time Mr. Ruhe has been band director the band has accomplished:
Alumni.
Payne Stewart (1957 - 1999) Class of 1975
Professional golfer Payne Stewart is an Alumnus of Greenwood. He competed on the school's football, basketball and golf teams.
In 1971, Payne’s freshman year, he was a medalist at the Southwest Missouri State University High School Relays, and in 1973 he led the team to a title at the same event. He went on to win two U.S. Open (golf) championships and the 1989 PGA Championship.
Joe Haymes (1908–1964) was an American jazz bandleader and arranger who also attended Greenwood.
Billy Long (1955–Present) 
Class of 1973, Currently the 7th District Congressman from Missouri, is a prominent auctioneer, realtor, radio personality, and Greenwood alum who announced his run for Missouri's 7th congressional district 
seat for 2010. Billy won the Republican Nomination for the seat in August 2010.
Jim Keet is a Greenwood Alum, Class of 1967 who is the Republican Nominee for Arkansas Governor for 2010.
John Wilkinson (1945 - 2013), Class of 1963, singer, musician and rhythm guitarist, toured with Elvis Presley and the TCB band for 10 years until the King of Rock & Roll passed.
Life Before, During and After Elvis Presley by John Wilkinson and Nick Moretti (Mar 22, 2006)

</doc>
<doc id="20507478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507478" title="Norman Barrett">
Norman Barrett

Norman Rupert Barrett (1903–1979) was an Australian-born British thoracic surgeon who is primarily remembered for describing Barrett’s oesophagus.
Early life.
Norman Barrett was born on 16 May 1903 in Adelaide, South Australia, to Alfred and Catherine Barrett. His great uncle, James Barrett, was a doctor, and four of James's children became doctors. One of these children, Norman's uncle Sir James Barrett, was a founder of the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons and a Chancellor of Melbourne University. He moved to England at the age of 10, and was educated at Eton College and Trinity College, Cambridge. He was given his lifelong nickname, Patsy, while at Eton.
Career.
He trained at St. Thomas’ Hospital, and graduated in 1928. He continued as resident assistant surgeon at St. Thomas’ Hospital, and was elected as Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1930. He was awarded the postgraduate degree M Chir in 1931. In 1935, he became a Consultant Surgeon at St. Thomas’, where he remained for the rest of his career.
He travelled to the United States on a Rockefeller Travelling Fellowship from 1935 to 1936, working at the Mayo Clinic, and visiting Boston, St. Louis and Michigan. It was during this time that he decided to focus on thoracic surgery, rather than gastrointestinal surgery as he had initially intended.
In 1946, he wrote a paper for the first issue of "Thorax" on spontaneous rupture of the oesophagus (Boerhaave syndrome), in which he commented that ""in the byways of surgery there can be few conditions more dramatic in their presentation and more terrible in their symptoms than spontaneous perforation of the oesophagus. No case has yet been treated successfully, and diagnosis has only been achieved in a very few before death"". A year later, on 7 March 1947, he performed the first successful repair of a ruptured oesophagus.
In 1950, he published a paper in which he described the oesophagus as ""that part of the foregut, distal to the cricopharyngeal sphincter, which is lined by squamous epithelium"". In this paper, Barrett suggested that the finding of an oesophagus lined with columnar epithelium (rather than the usual squamous epithelium) was due to the presence of a congenitally shortened oesophagus leading to a tubular portion of stomach being trapped in the chest. In this article Barrett also introduced the term reflux oesophagitis, and described the development of benign oesophageal strictures in patients with this condition.
Allison and Johnstone argued that this columnar epithelium–lined structure was oesophagus and not stomach, and suggested that ulcers in this structure be called "Barrett's ulcers". Seven years after his initial article Barrett accepted this view, suggesting that it be called the ""lower oesophagus lined by columnar epithelium"". The columnar epithelium surrounding the chronic Barrett's ulcers has subsequently become known as Barrett's oesophagus.
In addition to his work on oesophageal disease, Barrett also worked with Leonard Dudgeon, Professor of Pathology at the University of London, on the cytology of sputum in the diagnosis of pulmonary malignancy. He is also noted for his treatment of hydatid cysts.
Barrett was a lecturer in surgery for the University of London (1935–1970), Surgeon to King Edward VII Sanatorium in Midhurst, Sussex (1938–1970), and Consulting Thoracic Surgeon to both the Royal Navy and the Ministry of Social Security (1944–1970). He edited "Thorax", the journal of thoracic surgery, from its inception in 1946 until 1971.
Personal life.
Norman Barrett married Annabel Elizabeth "Betty" Warington Smyth on 21 April 1931. She was the sister of a school friend, and they had met six years previously. Betty had studied English and Art, and later became a novelist. They had two children, Julia and Althea. After Norman had been appointed a Consultant at St. Thomas’ Hospital, the Barrett family lived at 2 Dorset Street, Marylebone, London for about 20 years. In 1954 they moved to Richmond Green.
Outside his medical interests, he was also interested in the history of medicine, drawing and painting, and was a keen sailor.
He was awarded the CBE in 1969, and retired in 1970. He died in London on 8 January 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="20507483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507483" title="Pakhwal">
Pakhwal

Pakhwal is a village located in northern Jhelum district between Chawk daulat and Kaladev.
History.
It was founded in 963. Pakhwal is divided into two parts; the first part, situated near the famous river Jehlum is called officially tawakkul pur pakhwal, the second part is called Pakhwal Khaas situated slightly near to the main road. the location of both villages is near fertile soils due to the availability and easy access of water from the river. tribely, the main two tribes in Pakhwal are Chaudry and Rajgaan; both consider themselves to belong to high castes; although, Islamically, casts are only for recognition and identity not for superiority the most superior and greatest in the sight of Allah azzawajalla is the one who is better in terms of piety and TAQWA. Although there was a lot of competition historically, over generations due to the prevalence of Islamic knowledge and departure of Hindus and Sikhs after the independence, neither of the casts predominately consider themselves better than each other, but this only depends on a person's piety, humbleness and individual respect and esteem in society. However, amongst the elders this notion of caste superiority may still remain and transferred through generations. Both castes of people are believed to live happily with good understanding although some tension may occur rarely not particularly over socially constructed cast system.
Geographic coordinates.
32 56 N, 73 44 E
Map reference:
Asia
Area:
total: 3.97 km2
land: 3.5 km2
water: 0.47 km2
Area - comparative:
slightly larger than Monaco
Land boundaries:
total: 6 km
border villages: Bela 2 km, Kiri 1.2 km, Pind Ratwal 2.4 km,Katrili 0.3 km,chitti 0.1 km
Coastline: 1.83 km
Climate:
modified continental with mild winters, cool summers
Terrain:
mostly gently rolling uplands with broad, shallow valleys; uplands to slightly mountainous in the north; steep slope
Elevation extremes:
lowest point: River jhelum 133 m
highest point: Peer said balak 259 m
Natural resources:
iron ore (no longer exploited), arable land
Land use:
arable land: 27.42%
permanent crops: 7.69%
Irrigated land: 14.87%
Natural hazards:
flooding, earthquakes, landslides, erosion
Environment - current issues:
air and water pollution, soil pollution of farmland
Population:
4,086 (July 2008 est.)
Age structure:
0–14 years: 18.6%
15–64 years: 66.6%
65 years and over: 14.7%
Median age:
total: 24 years
male: 23 years
female: 25 years (2008 est.)
Population growth rate:
1.188% (2008 est.)
Birth rate:
11.77 births/1,000 population (2008 est.)
Death rate:
8.43 deaths/1,000 population (2008 est.)
Net migration rate:
0.01 migrant(s)/1,000 population (2008 est.)
Sex ratio:
at birth: 1.07 male(s)/female
under 15 years: 1.06 male(s)/female
15–64 years: 1.02 male(s)/female
65 years and over: 0.69 male(s)/female
total population: 0.97 male(s)/female (2008 est.)
Infant mortality rate:
total: 4.62 deaths/1,000 live births
male: 4.82 deaths/1,000 live births
female: 4.42 deaths/1,000 live births (2008 est.)
Life expectancy at birth:
total population: 79.18 years
male: 75.91 years
female: 82.67 years (2008 est.)
Total fertility rate:
1.78 children born/woman (2008 est.)
HIV/AIDS - adult prevalence rate: 0% (2008 est.)
Nationality:
Pakistani
known as pakhwalies in Pakistan
Ethnic groups:
80% choudharies, 11.9% kashmiries, 4,5% arayans, 2.2 Masalies, 1.4 others
Religions:
sunnies 99.3%,Shiaz 0.6%, Others 0.1%
Languages:
Punjabi (local language), Urdu (administrative language), English (administrative language)
Literacy:
total population: 62.2%
male: 71.2%
female: 53.2% (2008 est.)
Local holiday:
Annual anniversary of peer Said Balak
Suffrage:
18 years of age; universal and compulsory
Economy -
This stable, high-income economy, benefits from its high percentage of persons abroad,so there remittances help boast its economy, also it's famous in surroundings for its manufacturings.
7.17 million (2008 est.)
GDP - real growth rate:
3.5% (2008 est.)
GDP - per capita (PPP):
$201 (2007 est.)
GDP -
agriculture: 59%
industry: 28%
services: 13% (2008 est.)
Labor force:
1,0

</doc>
<doc id="20507487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507487" title="Tongxin County">
Tongxin County

Tongxin County ( is a county under the administration of Wuzhong city in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China. It has a total area of 7021 square kilometers, and a population of approximately 360,000 people.
Characteristics.
Due to its topography, Tongxin County's economic conditions and foundation are extremely poor, and the county is often stricken by drought. However, farmers still make up two-thirds of the county's population. The county government has sought to use high technological methods to improve the standard of living in the region. The county government is located in the town of Tongxin, and the county's postal code is 751300.
History.
In his "Red Star Over China", Edgar Snow mentions visiting the small towns of Yuwang Bao and Yuwang (予旺, ) located in today's Tongxin County. At the moment (summer/fall 1936), Yuwang Bao was the location of the headquarters of the First Front Red Army, where Edgar Snow met with the army's commander, Peng Dehuai there. Edgar Snow described Yuwang Bao as follows:
On the high, stout walls of Yu Wang Pao a squad of Red buglers was practicing, and from a corner of this fortlike city flew a big scarlet flag, its yellow hammer and ciskle cracking out in the breeze... We could look down on one side to a clean courtyard, where Muslim women were hulling rice and baking. Washing hung from a line on another side. In a distant square some Red soldiers were practicing wall scaling, broad jumping, and grenade throwing.
Yuwang (40 li north-west of Yuwang Bao), recently captured by the Reds from the troops of Ma Hongkui after a ten-day siege, was described as
an ancient Muslim city of four or five hundred families, with a magnificent wall of stone and brick. Outside of the wall was a Muslim mosque, with its own wall of beautiful glazed brick unscarred. But other buildings showed signs of the siege this city had undergone before it was taken by the Reds.
In October 1936, a public meeting was held in the Great Mosque of Tongxin, establishing the Yuwang Hui Autonomous Government - the first autonomous county in Communist China. Although this autonomous unit was short-lived, the mosque building was protected as a revolutionary historical site, and became the only major Islamic building in Ningxia to survive destruction during the Cultural Revolution.
Demographics.
According to the regional census of 1983, Tongxin County had the second-highest percentage of the Hui (Muslim Chinese) people in its population among all counties in Ningxia, second only to Jingyuan County. 79.0% of its population at the time (172,906 out of 218,967) were Hui.

</doc>
<doc id="20507500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507500" title="It's Time for Love">
It's Time for Love

"It's Time for Love" was the sixth album by Teddy Pendergrass, an R&B crooner. It did quite well, peaking at #19 on the Billboard albums chart and #6 on the R&B album charts. It also spawned three singles: "I Can't Live Without Your Love" (1981, peaked at #10 R&B), "You're My Latest, My Greatest Inspiration" (1982, #43 US, #4 R&B) and "Nine Times Out of Ten/The Gift of Love" (1982, #31 R&B).
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff, except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="20507513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507513" title="South Midway Island">
South Midway Island

South Midway Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is irregularly shaped and is located within Chesterfield Inlet. Its twin, North Midway Island is situated to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="20507526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507526" title="Primera División de México Apertura 2008 Liguilla">
Primera División de México Apertura 2008 Liguilla

The Liguilla will have the teams play two games against each other on a home-and-away basis. The winner of each match up will be determined by aggregate score. the higher seeded team will advance if the aggregate is a tie. The exception for tie-breaking procedure is the finals, where the higher seeded team rule will not be used. If the teams remained tied after 90 minutes of play during the 2nd leg of the finals, extra time will be used, followed by a penalty shootout if necessary. The teams will be seeded 1 to 8 (depending on their position at the end of the regular season). Higher seeded teams play on their home field during the second leg.
"Kickoffs are given in local time."
Quarter-finals.
The quarterfinals are scheduled to be played on November 22, 23, 29, and November 30.
Second leg.
"Santos Laguna won 5–2 on aggregate."
"Atlante won 2–2 on aggregate."
"Toluca won 2–0 on aggregate"
"Cruz Azul won 3-1 on aggregate."
Semi-finals.
The semifinals are scheduled to be played on December 3, 4, 6, and 7.
Second leg.
"Cruz Azul won 4–2 on aggregate."
"Toluca won 2–1 on aggregate."
Final.
The first and second legs of the final are scheduled to be played on December 11 and 14, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20507531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507531" title="Jason Sutton">
Jason Sutton

Jason Paul Sutton, OBE is a Royal Air Force Regiment officer who was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire for his actions whilst serving in Iraq in 2007.
Sutton was born in Reading, Berkshire in 1966 and joined the RAF Regiment in 1989 after completing Initial Officer Training at RAF College Cranwell.
He served as a junior officer on No. 20 Sqn RAF Regiment and No. 3 Sqn RAF Regiment, and as Station Regiment Officer at RAF Cranwell. He has been Officer Commanding on the Junior Regiment Officers' Course at RAF Honington and Second-in-Command of The Queen’s Colour Squadron. 
Promoted to squadron leader in 2001, he was SO2 in the RAF Ceremonial Office whilst it was based at RAF Bentley Priory. Whilst in the Ceremonial Office, Sutton was involved in organising ceremonial occasions including the unveiling of the Battle of Britain Monument in London, Service of Thanksgiving and Rededication on Battle of Britain Sunday, Annual Church Service of the RAF, 80th Anniversary of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, Memorial Service for HRH Princess Alice, the Duchess of Gloucester the RAF element to the Lord Mayor's Show and the RAF element at all the Remembrance weekend events, including Royal British Legion Festival of Remembrance. 
Sutton then assumed command of No. 1 Sqn RAF Regiment in March 2006. He has served on operations in Northern Ireland, Georgia, East Timor, Afghanistan and Iraq. 
His citation reads:
Sutton was promoted to wing commander in the Operational Support Branch of the RAF on 1 July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20507537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507537" title="North Midway Island">
North Midway Island

North Midway Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is irregularly shaped and is located within Chesterfield Inlet. Its twin, South Midway Island is situated to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20507548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507548" title="Broken Down in Tiny Pieces">
Broken Down in Tiny Pieces

"Broken Down in Tiny Pieces" is a song written by John Adrian. It was recorded by country singer Billy "Crash" Craddock, who had a number one country hit with it in 1977. "Broken Down in Tiny Pieces" would stay at number one for one week and spend twelve weeks within the top 40. Janie Fricke performs a background vocal on the song.

</doc>
<doc id="20507563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507563" title="Gleb Axelrod">
Gleb Axelrod

Gleb Borisovich Axelrod (; 11 October 1923, Moscow - 2 October 2003, Hannover) was a Russian pianist.
He was a disciple of Grigory Ginzburg. Axelrod won, ex-aequo with Marina Slesaryeva, the II piano edition of the Prague Spring Festival Competition (1951). In 1955 he obtained a 4th prize at the Concours Long-Thibaud, and two years later he was awarded the inaugural edition of the Vianna da Motta Competition's 2d prize. He subsequently held a professorship at the Moscow Conservatory.

</doc>
<doc id="20507596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507596" title="Daulis Prescott">
Daulis Prescott

Daulis Prescott (born in Barranquilla, Colombia) is a Colombian featherweight boxer. Daulis's's father and grandfather were also boxers and trainers, and his brother Breidis Prescott, has a 20-2-0 professional record with 16 knockouts
Professional career.
Prescott is ranked 7th in WBO Latino Featherweights and also 331 in the World Featherweights. He is managed my Mr. Billy Chams of "Cuadrilatero", a Barranquilla-based boxing corporation. His trainer is Orlando Pineda.
Daulis fought his first professional fight against Armando Velasquez on 24 November 2006 in Colombia, Daulis won the fight by Technical Knockout in round 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20507606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507606" title="Lars Petterson-Adolph Carlson Three-Decker">
Lars Petterson-Adolph Carlson Three-Decker

The Lars Petterson-Adolph Carlson Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 76 Fairhaven Road in Worcester, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1918 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20507647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507647" title="Lars Petterson-Fred Gurney Three-Decker">
Lars Petterson-Fred Gurney Three-Decker

Lars Petterson-Fred Gurney Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 2 Harlow Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1910 by Lars Petterson and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20507650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507650" title="Garrett Middle School (Austell, GA)">
Garrett Middle School (Austell, GA)

Garrett Middle School is a middle school located in Austell, Georgia, USA. It is located in Cobb County. It serves grades 6-8 as a part of Georgia's education system. 

</doc>
<doc id="20507686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507686" title="Lars Petterson-Silas Archer Three-Decker">
Lars Petterson-Silas Archer Three-Decker

Lars Petterson-Silas Archer Three-Decker is a historic house at 80 Fairhaven Road in Worcester, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1920 by Lars Petterson and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20507703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507703" title="Lars Petterson-James Reidy Three-Decker">
Lars Petterson-James Reidy Three-Decker

Lars Petterson-James Reidy Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 4 Harlow Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1910 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20507716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507716" title="Antologia Acústica">
Antologia Acústica

Antologia Acústica is an acoustic compilation album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho. It was released in 1997 and went double-platinum and triple-platinum in 2004, with more than 750.000 copies sold.
Track listing.
Disc 2.
All music by Zé Ramalho, except otherwise noted

</doc>
<doc id="20507720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507720" title="Philip Duke Three-Decker">
Philip Duke Three-Decker

Philip Duke Three-Decker is a historic triple decker house at 7 Maxwell Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1888 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20507731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507731" title="Rick McIntyre">
Rick McIntyre

Richard D. McIntyre, Sr. (October 5, 1956 - October 30, 2007) was a lawyer and public official from Indiana. He was born in 1956 and his original ambition was to become a Navy Pilot. He enrolled in Naval air training in Pensacola, but was forced to quit after a knee injury. He then entered law school in Bloomington, Indiana, and also entered the Indiana National Guard, where he became a military lawyer and rose to the rank of Colonel. He also ran successfully for the state House of Representatives in 1980 and was reelected two years later. In 1984, he ran for the U.S. House of Representatives against freshman Democrat Frank McCloskey. On election night, he appeared to have won a hairbreadth victory and was certified by the Secretary of State as having won by 34 votes. However, the Democratic majority refused to seat him, claiming voting irregularities. An investigation by a House committee ruled that McCloskey won by four votes, which stirred up controversy and caused House Republicans to stage a symbolic walkout. McIntyre was interested in running for Lieutenant Governor in 1986, but was persuaded to seek a rematch with McCloskey. By this time, President Ronald Reagan was less popular than in 1984 and McIntyre was outspent. As a result, McCloskey won by a 53% to 47% margin. 
McIntyre lost interest in the national arena and was appointed a Lawrence County Circuit Court Judge in 1988. He was reelected without opposition in 1990, 1996, and 2002, and served until 2007 when he was found dead in his home at the age of 51 of an apparent suicide amid reports of his possible involvement in a military furniture-buying scandal. At the time of his death, McIntyre was a member of the Indiana National Guard, 76th Infantry Brigade Combat team, serving as a judge advocate and preparing for deployment to Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="20507744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507744" title="Erol Güngör">
Erol Güngör

Erol Güngör (born November 25, 1938, Kırşehir – April 24, 1983, İstanbul) was a Turkish sociologist, psychologist, and writer.
Career.
After spending a period in Faculty of Law, Güngör graduated from Faculty of Literature and Social Sciences of Istanbul University in 1961. He received his Ph.D. in 1965 with a thesis titled "Kelâmî (Verbal) Yapılarda Estetik Organizasyon". Kenneth Hammond invited him to visit the University of Colorado. He became an associate professor with his thesis titled "Şahıslar arası İhtilafların Çözümünde Lisanın Rolü" in 1970. He became an academic of Faculty of Literature and Social Sciences of Istanbul University in 1975. He eventually became the president of Selçuk University in 1982.
He mostly studied on culture, personality, customs, people, and religion. He focues on the identity and cultural problems which Turkish people have been facing last 150 years.
Works.
Some of his works are:

</doc>
<doc id="20507769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507769" title="Todd Parr">
Todd Parr

Todd Parr (born July 9, 1962) is an American children's author and illustrator. Parr grew up in Rock Springs, Wyoming and later moved to San Francisco, California in 1995, where he pursued a career as an artist. He has also worked as a flight attendant before becoming a full-time author. 
In November 2005 the preschool television show he created, "ToddWorld", premiered on TLC and Discovery Kids. 

</doc>
<doc id="20507770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507770" title="Nightrider (song)">
Nightrider (song)

"Nightrider" is a song from Electric Light Orchestra's (ELO) album "Face the Music". 
The song's title is a titular tip of the hat to Lynne's first major band, The Nightriders. This was the second single released from the album after "Evil Woman", in 1976. The B-side on the single was a live version of "Daybreaker" taken from the 1974 live album "The Night the Light Went On in Long Beach". Despite ELO's rising popularity, the song failed to chart. The song was also included as the B-side on the US hit single "Do Ya".
Between 3:16 and 3:19, the song features a string crescendo which was reused (played backwards, from 2:40 to 2:44) on another of the album's tracks, "Evil Woman". 
""I took the high string part of Nightrider that climbs up to a climax, and used it backwards in Evil Woman as a big effect. I was amazed when it slotted in seamlessly.""
- Jeff Lynne (Face The Music remaster liner notes)
During live performances, Jeff Lynne and Kelly Groucutt would swap vocals during the song.

</doc>
<doc id="20507779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507779" title="Tweetie">
Tweetie

Tweetie is a client for Twitter, the social networking website. There is a mobile version that runs on iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad, and a desktop version runs on Mac OS X Leopard, Snow Leopard and Lion (respectively 10.5, 10.6 and 10.7).
The program was originally named Tweetie, developed by atebits. Both its iOS and Mac versions were acquired by Twitter on April 9, 2010.
History.
Similar applications include Seesmic, Twitterrific and TweetDeck. On the iPhone, it is the first application which introduces the "pull to refresh" feature. 
The Mac OS X version of Twitter had many of the same features as its portable sibling. It had a free ad-supported version. The iOS version cost $2.99. The Mac version cost $19.95. The beta of the Mac version was leaked to the popular torrent site Demonoid a week before the official release.
Acquisition by Twitter.
On April 9, 2010, Twitter announced through a blog post that the company had acquired Tweetie. Twitter stated that the acquisition stemmed from the lack of an official, Twitter-branded mobile application. Tweetie was rebranded as "Twitter for iPhone" and released on May 17, 2010. The company's founding CEO, Loren Brichter, became part of Twitter's mobile division and helped launch the "Twitter for iPad" application.
On January 6, 2011, Twitter announced through a blog post that the company had also acquired the desktop version of Tweetie, changing the name to "Twitter for Mac". "Twitter for Mac" was launched on the new Mac App Store the same day. On Tuesday, May 21, 2013 Twitter announced that certain patents related to Tweetie would never be used except to defend Twitter.

</doc>
<doc id="20507798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507798" title="Bolton by-election, 1916">
Bolton by-election, 1916

The Bolton by-election, 1916 was a parliamentary by-election held for the British House of Commons constituency of Bolton on 29 February 1916. The seat had become vacant when the Liberal Thomas Taylor (one of the constituency's two Members of Parliament) resigned. Taylor had also won the seat at a by-election four years earlier.
The Liberal candidate, William Edge, was returned unopposed. He took his seat in Parliament on 2 March 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="20507892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507892" title="Mount Feake Cemetery">
Mount Feake Cemetery

Mount Feake Cemetery is a historic cemetery at 203 Prospect Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.
The cemetery was founded in 1857 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20507900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507900" title="The Complete Book of Dwarves">
The Complete Book of Dwarves

The Complete Book of Dwarves is a supplemental rulebook for the 2nd edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game, published in 1991 by TSR, Inc. It contains a variety of information useful to playing dwarf characters in the game, including information on strongholds, dwarven subraces, character "kits", role-playing, mining, and more. The book was later reprinted in November, 1993, with a slightly different cover.
Contents.
"The Complete Book of Dwarves" contains an introduction, 11 chapters, and a number of character sheets designed for use by players with dwarf player characters.
"The Creation of Dwarves".
The book's first chapter discusses the creation of dwarves in the "Dungeons & Dragons" world and dwarven myths regarding the creation of the world, as well as information on the dwarven afterlife.
"The Dwarf Subraces".
This chapter describes the six main subraces of dwarves: hill dwarves, mountain dwarves, deep dwarves, sundered dwarves, duergar (also known as gray dwarves), and gully dwarves. This chapter does not contain information on the statistics for the various subraces, focusing instead on the thematic differences between the subraces.
"Your Life as a Dwarf".
The third chapter of the book examines dwarven culture and lifestyle, including information on their clans, view of the world, emotions, diet, marriage, and life cycle.
"Character Creation".
This chapter contains information on how to create dwarf characters, including statistics for the various subraces and rules regarding maximum levels, ability score modifiers, movement, and age.
"Proficiencies".
The fifth chapter has rules on new and expanded proficiencies, with an eye towards their use by dwarves.
"Dwarf Kits".
The longest chapter in the book, this section describes 24 "character kits" designed for dwarf characters, allowing players to further customize their characters.
"Role Playing and Personalities".
The seventh chapter describes various "personalities" which can help players roleplay dwarf characters. Personalities include The Grumbler, The Optimist, and The Phobic.
"Mining".
Chapter eight contains rules on mining, including how to survey the land, what products can be mined, and how much gold can be earned by mining.
"Equipment".
This chapter includes new equipment, such as smelters, battleaxes, and war machines.
"Dwarf Strongholds".
The book's tenth chapter discusses dwarven strongholds, including the various types of strongholds, their government, resources they have access to, and relationships with other races.
"Designing Dwarf Campaigns".
The final chapter is for Dungeon Masters creating a dwarf-based campaign, containing guidelines such as what dwarf subraces to use, dwarven mythology, campaign environments, and rules on how to create new character kits.
"Design Sheets".
"The Complete Book of Dwarves" also contains "design sheets," for use designing new dwarf strongholds and kits, and "character sheets," designed for dwarves of each class.

</doc>
<doc id="20507902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507902" title="Adrianna Lynn">
Adrianna Lynn

Adrianna Lynn, aka Adrenalynn, (born July 8, 1985) is an American pornographic actress. 
Life and career.
Lynn was born in Allen, Texas. As a child, she modelled for the J. C. Penney catalogue and later on she attended and graduated from Plano East Senior High. She then studied at Southern Methodist University, Dallas on a full scholarship, where she gained a B.F.A. 
Lynn entered the adult film industry in 2007, at the age of around 22. In November 2007 she began a brief stint as a contract performer for the studio Digital Playground. In the movie "Cheerleaders" she performed in the scene that won the 2009 AVN Award for Best All-Girl Group Sex Scene.
Lynn is a licensed tattoo artist and body piercer. She has tattoos on her back, feet and around her anus, and piercings in her septum, ears, tongue, and navel. She also has a tattoo running down her arm of the word "Adrenalynn", the nickname she has had since she started nude modelling. Her tattoos and piercings have led to her modelling for the alt-porn website SuicideGirls.com.

</doc>
<doc id="20507944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20507944" title="Leroy Haley">
Leroy Haley

Leroy Haley (born 1954-12-27 in Garland County, AR), is a former American boxer at Light Welterweight.
Professional career.
Known as "Irish", Haley turned pro in 1973 and captured the WBC light welterweight title with a split decision win over Saoul Mamby in 1982. He defended the belt twice before losing it to Bruce Curry by decision the following year. He lost a split decision in a rematch later that year. He retired in 1985 after two consecutive losses, including a loss to champion Billy Costello. 

</doc>
<doc id="20508004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508004" title="Chorus Girls (musical)">
Chorus Girls (musical)

Chorus Girls was a 1981 musical written by The Kinks lead singer and songwriter Ray Davies, who collaborated with "The Long Good Friday" screenwriter Barrie Keeffe.
It opened at the Theatre Royal, Stratford East, London starring Marc Sinden and also had a supporting cast of Michael Elphick, Anita Dobson, Lesley Manville, Kate Williams, Sandy Ratcliff and Charlotte Cornwell. Directed by Adrian Shergold, the choreography was by Charles Augins and Jim Rodford of The Kinks played bass with the theatres 'house band'. 
The plot was set around the story that Prince Charles (played by Sinden) was kidnapped by activists wanting to save the theatre building from demolition. Dobson played the girl who falls in love with him and Elphick played Sinden's inept bodyguard.
According to a contemporary interview, Sinden only accepted the role on the condition that he did not have to sing a solo, however Davies wrote the reggae-style song "Everybody's Slagging Off England" specifically for him and gave it to him with two days to go before the shows First Night. Sinden did sing it and later recorded it with Davies.

</doc>
<doc id="20508008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508008" title="Cover Up (novel)">
Cover Up (novel)

"Cover Up: Mystery at the Super Bowl" (2007) is a mystery novel written by sportswriter John Feinstein. It is the third book in a series, along with "Last Shot" and "Vanishing Act".
Plot Summary.
Stevie Thomas is a fourteen-year-old sports fanatic who has saved a player from blackmailing at the Final Four. He has also proved that a kidnapping was actually a hoax. After that, he and his partner, Susan Carol were hired by USTV to do a show. Three months later, he was fired because he “didn’t have enough sizzle”. This left Susan Carol furious. He flies to Indianapolis to work as a journalist for the Super Bowl. When he lands at the airport, he meets Sean McManus who hires him to work for CBS during the week.
On Tuesday, he goes to the Hoosier Dome, which is a massive building. His story features the Ravens' equipment guy, Darin Kerns. Kerns used to play with the Dreams’ star quarterback Eddie Brennan in high school. Stevie also gets some one-on-one time with Brennan for the story of them playing together. While he is sleeping in his hotel room, he gets a call from Susan Carol saying that she wants to talk to him right now. She says that she was at a party and a doctor who worked with the Dreams came up to her and started talking to her. He was drunk and was trying to impress her. He tells her that five offensive linemen tested positive for HGH, or human growth hormone, and that it was being covered up so the players don’t get suspended. They decide that they have to try to write the story and alert the public about it.
Stevie goes back to the Hoosier Dome the next morning. CBS decides to film his story and have Darin Kerns and Eddie Brennan talk about their experience together. After the interview, Stevie talks to Eddie about the drug tests but doesn’t get much information other than Eddie freaking out that he knew. After that, Bobby Kelleher, his mentor in journalism, sets him up with an interview with Steve Bisciotti, the Ravens owner. That night, there is a huge NFL party that everyone is going to attend. When he goes there he sees Bobby Kelleher arguing with Don Meeker, the Dreams owner. Later, Susan Carol pretends to admire him and gets his cell phone number.
The next morning, they get a full conversation with Eddie, who tells them about the drug tests. He also tells them that Meeker is the one covering up the test results so the players don’t get suspended. Susan Carol calls Dr. Snow, the drunk doctor, and says she wants to talk. He said to go to a YMCA where they can talk. There, they try to blackmail him to get test results. He says that he will give them test results at a mall only if there are no adults around. Both Stevie and Susan Carol are suspicious of a trap. They go to the mall and Dr. Snow leads them past the empty theater where Don Meeker’s bodyguards grab them and hold them hostage. As Snow is about to leave, Darin Kerns and two security men rush in and save them. It turns out that Stevie had put his cell phone on speaker and on the other line was Eddie. He heard them and called Kerns.
Eddie introduces Stevie and Susan Carol to Bob Arciero, an orthopedic surgeon for the Dreams. Arciero, unlike Dr. Snow, is honest and is not part of the cover up. He gets them the drug test documents. With the documents at hand, Stevie and Susan Carol write the story. They talk to the newspaper lawyers, who say they need comments from NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell and Don Meeker. Goodell comments on launching an investigation and punishing anyone involved. Meeker, after hearing two paragraphs of the story, goes on a profane tirade. They send the quotes and the story and go out to eat. However, they don’t come back in time and are surrounded by cameras as soon as they step in the hotel. Don
calls them the next day to tell them that he was pegged as the source and that he’s not starting. Meeker is about to go on CBS and USTV to lie and try to convince people he did nothing wrong. In the process, he slanders Susan Carol on USTV.
After Meeker’s interview on USTV, he had to do another one on CBS. There, Jim Nantz doesn't let Meeker get away with his story. This angers Meeker, who decides to pick on Susan Carol again after the interview. The game starts, and the backup quarterback, instead of Brennan, is playing for the Dreams. Pretty soon the Dreams fall into a hole. Eddie starts the second half and steers his team to a comeback. While the game is going on, Tal Vincent lets it slip that Mike Shupe was the one who was feeding Meeker information. Jamie Whitsitt, who is a singer and was Stevie's replacement on USTV, leads them into the studio and gives them a tape. He had left it on record while Don Meeker and Mike Shupe were having their conversation. It has Meeker clearly saying that he bribed the doctors to keep quiet. After this, Eddie and the Dreams win the Super Bowl on a miracle play. Stevie proves that Don Meeker was covering up and that the owners could vote to force Meeker to sell the team.
Reception.
For style, "Horn Book Magazine" said, “The fast paced action propels the plot.” It also said “Feinstein’s ease with the sports milieu create a glamourous background.” 
In general, "Cover Up" received mixed reviews. Horn Book Magazine wrote that "Cover Up" is an “but satisfying read.” "Booklist" called it “[good fun for younger teen sports fans willing to go with the formula” and added that “his series delivers an entertaining mix of mystery, insider detail, and ripped-from-the-headlines subject matter.”
Bibliography.
Feinstein, John. "Cover Up." New York: Yearling, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20508058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508058" title="The West Coaster">
The West Coaster

The West Coaster was a passenger train named by the Victorian Railways. It ran from the state capital Melbourne, Australia to the regional city of Warrnambool. On the Warrnambool line it had buffet facilities on board. 
Between 1993 and 2004 the private company West Coast Railway used the name on its services to and from Warrnambool. After the decline of WCR the name is hardly used.
Today.
The West Coaster name is still used today for V/Line services along the Warrnambool line, though no special facilities are provided.

</doc>
<doc id="20508076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508076" title="Face Off (FIRST)">
Face Off (FIRST)

Face Off is the 2008-2009 competition event of FIRST Tech Challenge. Two teams compete to score points by placing pucks into designated areas.
Field.
The game field is a 12 foot square area in which robots compete. In the center of the field is a pair of nested containers and a portion of the field surface into which pucks can be scored. Along each wall are two racks which dispense pucks, for a total of eight. In opposite corners are elevated platforms which tilt down to the field, one for each alliance, on which one robot starts. In the same corners is a square area of the field in which the other robots start. Adjacent to the on-field starting areas in a rough corrugated driving obstacle. In the other two corners are an area of rollers which reduce the robot's traction. 
Game rules.
In each two-and-a-half-minute match, two-team alliances denoted "red" and "blue" compete against each other to earn points. The object of the game is to attain a higher score than the opposing alliance by removing colored hockey pucks from eight different racks around the field and placing them in various locations in the center scoring area.
In the Autonomous Period, pucks scored in the center scoring area will be totaled and each alliance will keep those points whether the pucks are descored (pucks will count once) or not (pucks will be scored a second time). There will also be bonus points awarded to alliances for knocking pucks down from their racks based on their location from the Staffing Location.
There are a total of 70 pucks (35 red and 35 blue) available as scoring objects in the game.

</doc>
<doc id="20508086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508086" title="Raison d'être (band)">
Raison d'être (band)

Raison d'être is a Swedish industrial ambient music project formed by Peter Andersson.
The name of the band was taken from a sentence in a book by Carl Gustav Jung: "the individuation is the raison d’être of the self".
Dark ambient atmospheres, drone elements, industrial sounds, ecclesiastical hymns are all blended together to constitute the music of Raison d'être. Deeply influenced by the writings of C.G.Jung, Raison d'être explores the depths of human psyche providing soundtracks for inner voyages towards the Tragic.
The music produced by Raison d'être is variously darkwave, dark ambient, and soundscape in nature. For example, synthesizers might play a droning melody over the sound of metal scraping together. Andersson often mixes tapes of Gregorian chant with his own keyboard and percussion playing.

</doc>
<doc id="20508095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508095" title="2003–04 Cardiff City F.C. season">
2003–04 Cardiff City F.C. season

During the 2003-04 season Cardiff City played in the Football League Division One. It was the team's first year in the Division One since being promoted from Division Two.

</doc>
<doc id="20508118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508118" title="SpVgg 03 Neu-Isenburg">
SpVgg 03 Neu-Isenburg

SpVgg 03 Neu-Isenburg is a German association football club from the city of Neu-Isenburg, Hesse. The roots of the club are in the founding of "Freispielclub Neu-Isenburg" on 13 June 1903. Over the next three-and-a-half decades, the association went through mergers with a number of other local clubs. In 1913, they joined "Sportclub 1905 Neu-Isenburg" to form "Fußballverein Neu-Isenburg", which in 1921 merged with "Fußball-Klub Viktoria Neu-Isenburg" to become "Verein für Leibesübungen 03 Neu-Isenburg".
History.
"SpVgg" again took part in Gauliga promotion play in 1941 and 1942, finally winning their way into the Gauliga Hessen-Nassau (I) for two seasons in 1942–44. The division collapsed as World War II overtook the country. Following the conflict "SpVgg", like most organizations in Germany, including sports and football clubs, was ordered disbanded by the occupying Allied forces. The club was reconstituted as "Sportgemeinde Neu-Isenburg" in 1945, before resuming its identity as "SpVgg" the following year.
National Amateur Champions.
They were part of the Landesliga Großhessen-West (II) in the 1945–46 season and beat "Viktoria Aschaffenburg" 4:1 in a qualifying match for the Oberliga Süd (I). However the result was annulled because of the use of an ineligible player by "Neu-Isenburg" and "Aschaffenburg" went on to beat two other clubs to advance. "SpVgg" slipped to lower level local competition before moving up to play in the Amateurliga Hessen (III) in 1953, where they captured the title in 1956.
The club enjoyed its greatest successes in the mid-50s. In 1954, they played their way to the national amateur final where they dropped a 1:6 decision to "TSV Marl-Hüls". They returned to that same stage in 1956 and this time emerged victorious, beating "VfB Speldorf" 3:2.
Also in 1956, "Neu-Isenburg" qualified for the 2. Liga Süd (II) where they earned a string of indifferent mid-table finishes over the course of seven seasons. Following the 1963 founding of the Bundesliga, Germany's first professional top-flight league, the second division was reorganized into northern and southern Regionalligas. "Neu-Isenburg" played a single season in the Regionalliga Süd (II) before being sent down to the Amateurliga Hessen (III) after a 17th place finish. They remained a third tier club through the remainder of the 60s and on into the 70s. The team advanced to the semi-finals of the amateur national championship in 1967 and then narrowly missed relegation in 1969 when they beat "Tus Naunheim" 2:0 in a post season match staged to determine which of the two sides would stay up. In 1974, they were relegated following an 18th place finish, but quickly rebounded after a Landesliga Hessen-Süd (IV) title. "SpVgg" spent only two more seasons in the Amateurliga before finally slipping away to lower level local competition. The team made its only appearance in DFB-Pokal (German Cup) play in 1984, going out in the second preliminary round.
Most recently, "Neu-Isenburg" took the Bezirksoberliga Frankfurt Ost (VIII) title and now play in the Verbandsliga Hessen-Süd (VII).
Honours.
The club's honours:

</doc>
<doc id="20508122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508122" title="Jackson County School Board">
Jackson County School Board

The Jackson County School Board is the school district of Jackson County, Florida. 

</doc>
<doc id="20508167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508167" title="International Society for Horticultural Science">
International Society for Horticultural Science

The International Society for Horticultural Science (ISHS) is the world's leading independent organization of horticultural scientists. Its aim is "to promote and encourage research and education in all branches of horticultural science and to facilitate cooperation and knowledge transfer on a global scale through its symposia and congresses, publications and scientific structure." Membership is open to all interested researchers, educators, students and horticultural industry professionals.
The society dates from 1864, and was formally constituted in 1959. It is based in Leuven, Belgium, and is a founding member of the Global Horticultural Initiative. In 2008, it has over 7,000 members from about 150 countries.
Publications.
These ISHS publications are standard works in the field of horticulture:

</doc>
<doc id="20508190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508190" title="Sean Nós">
Sean Nós

Sean Nós refers to "old style" Irish song and dance, which are discussed under:

</doc>
<doc id="20508199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508199" title="Lisa Rossbacher">
Lisa Rossbacher

Lisa A. Rossbacher, is the current president of Southern Polytechnic State University—the first woman geologist to serve as a university president in North America. A geologist, writer, professor, former Vice Chancellor of the University System of Georgia, and community leader, she is also Chair of Metro Atlanta's Cobb Chamber of Commerce, an author of several books on geology, and a Geotimes Magazine columnist.
Personal life and education.
Rossbacher was born in Fredericksburg, VA, and resided in Dahlgren, Virginia during her childhood. Employed by the U.S. Defense Department, her father performed research for the then "Naval Weapons Lab" while her mother managed domestic duties at home for Lisa and her two younger siblings.
Rossbacher is married to Dr. Dallas D. Rhodes, the Department Chair of Geology and Geography at Georgia Southern University.
Rossbacher began her academic studies at Dickinson College. She graduated from Dickinson with a Bachelor of Science in Geology. She later attended graduate school at the State University of New York at Binghamton and received a Master of Arts in Geological Sciences. Rossbacher completed her academic studies at Princeton University, receiving both a M.A. and Ph.D. in Geological and Geophysical Science.
Early career.
Throughout her academic studies, and prior to her appointment at Southern Polytechnic State University, Rossbacher had worked for various government and non-profit institutions. She performed research for NASA as an Astronaut Candidate, and provided services for National Public Radio, and the U.S. Geological Survey. She was serving as Dean of the College at Dickinson College prior to her appointment as president at Southern Polytechnic State University.
Presidency.
In 1998, the Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia appointed Rossbacher as the second president of Southern Polytechnic State University. As president of SPSU, Rossbacher acts as the chief officer and spokesperson of the second largest engineering technology university in the nation. Southern Polytechnic State University was founded in 1948 as a two-year division of Georgia Tech, and was organized as an independent university in the early 1980s.
Rossbacher has focused many of her leadership efforts with environmental sustainability by gearing the university's campus towards a greener environment through its operations and structure. In 2007, Rossbacher partnered the university with the "American College and University Presidents' Climate Commitment", sponsored by the Association for the Advancement of Sustainability in Higher Education. This commitment focuses on the leadership and action on climate change by providing support for colleges to evolve into climate neutral institutions and become role models for their communities. In 2008, the University broke ground on a new Engineering Technology Center and the expansion on the Studio Building, built in 1961. Rossbacher's commitment to sustainability influenced the construction plans, enabling them to be designed to meet the certification requirements established by the "Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design" Green Building Rating System.
Rossbacher is also credited with increasing enrollment and retention by an average of 20% each, adding almost 10 new degrees, and commissioning 5 new buildings on campus.
Vice Chancellor of the University System of Georgia.
During the summer of 2007, Rossbacher was invited by Chancellor Erroll B. Davis of the University System of Georgia to serve as "interim" Executive Vice Chancellor and Chief Academic Officer when the position became vacant. She accepted the temporary offer under the condition that she return to SPSU as president once they found a permanent Vice Chancellor. She asked the system's Search Committee to not consider her as a candidate for the permanent position, citing her commitment to the growth of Southern Polytechnic State University.
In her role as Vice Chancellor, she served as the second-highest higher education official in the state. She was responsible for the academic needs of over 260,000 students and 10,000 faculty members across the University System of Georgia. Fifteen of the 35 university system presidents reported to her while in this role.
Works.
Rossbacher is an award-winning author who has written and contributed to several books and columns. As a scientist for NASA, she focused her research interests on the role of water and water ice on Mars.

</doc>
<doc id="20508293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508293" title="List of Paris Hilton's My New BFF episodes">
List of Paris Hilton's My New BFF episodes

"Paris Hilton's My New BFF" is an American reality show starring Paris Hilton, It aired on MTV on September 4, 2008. The show is about 18 contestants from across the United States competing for a chance to become Paris's best friend. Brittany Flickinger from Las Vegas, Nevada was the winner and Paris's new best friend. The following is a list of episodes from the series.

</doc>
<doc id="20508306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508306" title="Charumathi Ramachandran">
Charumathi Ramachandran

Charumathi Ramachandran (b. July 12, 1951) is a Carnatic music singer.
She is a disciple of M.L. Vasanthakumari. She was a gold medalist and stood first in music from the Madras University. She was the first carnatic vocalist to introduce Hindustani forms in her music.
She is married to Trichur V. Ramachandran, who is also a well known Carnatic vocalist.

</doc>
<doc id="20508363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508363" title="Strmec Podravski">
Strmec Podravski

Strmec Podravski is a village in the municipality of Petrijanec, of the Varaždin County, Croatia. The village had 701 inhabitants in the 2001 census.
The village is home to a relatively large number of Croatian Romani people. There has been an effort to help employ a greater number of the Romani population.
Strmec has a memorial cross to the victims of World War II and the post-war period of the communist Yugoslav era.

</doc>
<doc id="20508374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508374" title="Marco Mendes">
Marco Mendes

Marco Mendes (born 1978) is a Portuguese artist and comic author. He has developed his main body of work around comics and illustration, mostly of biographical content. By the use of humor, incisive observation and nostalgia he has portrayed many of the young generation of Portuguese artists. His work also evolves around social and political issues.
He currently lives in Porto, Portugal.
Biography.
Marco Mendes grew up in Figueira da Foz, Portugal. Revealing an early passion for art and an enthusiasm for painting and drawing, he moved to Porto by the age of 15, to pursue his art studies in Soares dos Reis High school. Later, he successfully entered the city's Faculty of Fine Arts, where he had the influence of artists such as Eduardo Batarda and Álvaro Lapa. Inspired by the works of Robert Crumb, Harvey Pekar, Art Spiegelman, Adrian Tomine, Manuel João Vieira and Charles M. Schulz, among others, soon he started to draw comics.
Published work.
In 2004, he started the collective "A Mula", together with Miguel Carneiro. Since then, they have organized multiple workshops, exhibitions, and published several fanzines. Their interest in alternative comics lead the publishing of “Cospe Aqui”, “Paint Sucks”, “Lamb-Haert”, “Hum, Hum! Estou a Ver!...”, and “Estou Careca e a Minha Cadela Vai Morrer!”.
In June 2008, some of Marco Mendes' work was published in English by Plana Press, under the title "Tomorrow the Chinese will Deliver the Pandas" (ISBN 978-989-95807-1-8).
References.
[http://www.avozdeermesinde.com/noticia.asp?idedicao=92&idseccao=773&id=2868&action=noticia] "Cumprindo dolorosamente o seu karma, agora é a “Cospe Aqui”". in "A Voz de Ermezinde", 2006-05-15
Further reading.
"Soopa e Fanzines no Porto em Alternativa à Tradicional Francezinha", in "Arte Capital", 2006-05-10
"Da Emergência do Desenho no Porto", in "Arte Capital", 2007-05-12

</doc>
<doc id="20508424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508424" title="Latchmere House">
Latchmere House

Latchmere House is a building and grounds adjacent to Ham Common in the Ham area of the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames, in south west London, England. Part of the site is also in the London Borough of Kingston upon Thames. 
Originally built during the Victorian era as a private dwelling, Latchmere House was then owned by the Ministry of Defence and had various uses until after World War II, when the building was transferred to Her Majesty's Prison Service. Latchmere House was then used as a detention centre and prison until it was closed in September 2011. In 2013 the site was sold to Berkeley Homes who are consulting on the redevelopment of the former prison into housing with community facilities.
History.
Originally built in the 19th century as a private dwelling, during the First World War (1914-1918) Latchmere House was used by the Ministry of Defence as a hospital for treating officers suffering from "shell shock". 
During the Second World War Latchmere House was used as a detention and interrogation centre (known as Camp 020) for enemy agents captured by MI5. Many members of the British Union of Fascists were held at Latchmere House during this period. They included the environmental pioneer Jorian Jenks.
In 2012 the "Daily Mail" revealed that Britain had used torture methods at Latchmere House to extract information from German prisoners of war and that 30 rooms there had been turned into cells with hidden microphones.
Latchmere House Prison.
Latchmere House was transferred to Her Majesty's Prison Service in 1948. It was used as a Young Offenders Institution, remand centre, and a deportees prison before becoming a Category D men's resettlement prison in 1992. 
In December 2003 a report from Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons praised Latchmere House for its rehabilitation centre, employment opportunities for inmates, and the good relationships between staff and prisoners, but noted that the prison could do more to prepare prisoners for release and that it sometimes did not quickly employ new arrivals, who might for several months be under-occupied.
According to the August 2004 Prison Service Annual Report, Latchmere House's average prisoner was spending 57.6 hours every week in "purposeful activity", which made the prison "best in the country at providing useful work for its inmates." The prison also did well at staff race equality and in educating its prisoners, but was not so successful at resettling prisoners or preventing drug use.
In September 2011 the Ministry of Justice closed the prison at Latchmere House and transferred remaining inmates to other prisons. The closure formed part of wider-ranging cost saving plans by the ministry.
Latchmere House today.
Latchmere House was sold by the Ministry of Justice to Berkeley Homes in 2013. The building constitutes prime real estate overlooking Ham Common, and is expected to redeveloped as housing with community facilities. 
Richmond London Borough Council applied for the main Victorian wing of the building to be listed as a site of special Architectural or Historic Interest but English Heritage subsequently completed an assessment of the house and concluded that the property was not suitable for listed building status. However, Latchmere House has been designated by the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames as a ‘Building of Townscape Merit’. Both Richmond and Kingston councils have published a planning brief for the site, and development is expected to start in 2014. However, the main house and its surrounds are within the Ham Common Conservation Area, and the planning brief seeks the retention of the house and related outbuildings and the enhancement of its 
setting.

</doc>
<doc id="20508481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508481" title="Director-General of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade">
Director-General of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade

The Director-General of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade was responsible for supervising the administrative functions of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT). The first Director-General, Eric Wyndham White, was appointed on March 23, 1965. GATT had a total of 5 Director-Generals until the WTO was formed in 1995. Peter Sutherland was the last Director-General of GATT, and the first of the WTO.

</doc>
<doc id="20508632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508632" title="Cindy Montañez">
Cindy Montañez

Cindy Montañez (born 1974) was a Democratic Assemblywoman from California's 39th Assembly District from 2002 until 2006. Montañez stepped down in 2006 to run for the California's 20th State Senate district. However, she lost that primary to Los Angeles City Councilman Alex Padilla. After leaving the Assembly, Montañez was appointed to the California Unemployment Insurance Appeals Board and the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power. Cindy now works as a government affairs consultant for various clients, as well as the Assistant General Manager for the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power. Cindy was a candidate in 2013 for the 6th Council District of the Los Angeles City Council, which comprises the neighborhoods of Lake Balboa, Van Nuys, Panorama City, Arleta, Sun Valley and segments of North Hills and North Hollywood. She lost a run-off election on 23 July, 2013 to Nury Martinez.
Pre Assembly Life.
Montañez was raised in the city of San Fernando, CA along with her five siblings by parents who were immigrants from Mexico. She attended the University of California, Los Angeles.
Assembly Tenure.
In February 2004, Montañez was named the chairperson of the Assembly Rules Committee. At 30 years old, she was the youngest person to ever chair the powerful committee as well as the first Latina and the first Democratic woman to chair the committee. 
Her legislative work focused on issues that were vital to her district. Specific focuses included education, the environment, health care and consumer/worker protection. During her first term, ten of her bills made it out of the legislature and were signed into law. These bills included statutes to improve the management of urban landfills, a law to protect children from a sexually abusive parent and laws to insure the safety of workers. Montanez was the author of the landmark "Car Buyer's Bill of Rights".

</doc>
<doc id="20508638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508638" title="Chief Red Fox">
Chief Red Fox

Chief Red Fox (Lakota: "Tokála Luta," also known as Chief William Red Fox; June 11, 1870 – 1976) was an Oglala Lakota Sioux performer, actor, and Sioux Indian rights advocate, born on the Pine Ridge Reservation in the Dakota Territory. He was a nephew of famed Sioux war leader, Crazy Horse.
Participation in Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show.
In 1893, Colonel William Frederick Cody, better known as Buffalo Bill, visited Pine Ridge Reservation to recruit Native Americans as performers in his "Wild West Show," and asked Chief Red Fox to join the troupe of performers who were about to make an appearance at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition (better known as the Chicago World's Fair). Buffalo Bill also asked Chief Red Fox to serve as a translator and "have charge" of the Native Americans that were in the show. Red Fox agreed to join the traveling show and worked for Buffalo Bill for many years. In 1905, Chief Red Fox "scalped" King Edward VII in a stagecoach robbery scene in a Wild West show performance in London.
In popular culture.
Chief Red Fox appeared in many early silent westerns shown in Nickelodeon movie theaters, most notably "The Round Up".
List of Movies Chief Red Fox appeared in2:

</doc>
<doc id="20508672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508672" title="ISHS">
ISHS

ISHS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20508679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508679" title="Baixa da Ponta dos Rosais">
Baixa da Ponta dos Rosais

Baixa da Ponta dos Rosais is a point near Ponta dos Rosais north of Rosais on São Jorge Island, Azores.
Geological description and formation.
Its geologic formation represents and makes up many of several cliffs and are of volcanic origin with natural basalt created by large fissures and accented declivities and encountered several with a line of a tectonic origin going northwest to southeast. Several sandy deposits with an old pyroclastic origin in areas with the most protection of sea mammals.
These formations presents of a variety of things with a distance from the coast that presents a radius of about 20 metres around the coastling. Its entry with the Baixa da Ponta dos Rosais connects with the sea and the distance around the coast. It is around three nautical miles from Ponta dos Rosais and nine from Porto das Velas.
Its used area makes up of sea mammals mostly during the diurnal visit with a tide area by its sea current's strength. The area are mostly turbulent.
Fauna and Flora characteristics.
Its flora and fauna makes up around the lower parts including "Stypopodium zonale", "Asparagopsis armata", "Gellidium sp", "Campogramma glaycos", anchovies, etc. They make up of more than 69 different species and is indexed at 7.2 on the Margalev scale.
Santo et al. (1995) defends an important protection area of the "lower" part with its importance on biodiversity.

</doc>
<doc id="20508752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508752" title="Racine (CTA Green Line station)">
Racine (CTA Green Line station)

Racine is an abandoned rapid transit station on the Chicago Transit Authority's Green Line. The station is located at 6314–16 South Racine Avenue in the Englewood neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois. Racine was opened on February 25, 1907, when the Englewood branch of the South Side Elevated Railroad was expanded westward. The station closed with the rest of the Green Line on January 9, 1994, to be rebuilt, but did not reopen with the rest of the line on May 12, 1996. The CTA does not plan to return the station to service, and its future is uncertain.
History.
Racine was built in 1905–06 during the first years of the Englewood branch's existence. The station was designed in the Greek revival style by architect Earl Nielson. The original station building and platform still remain at the site, as Racine has not undergone any major renovations since it opened. Racine is the only original Englewood station that has not been demolished or rebuilt.
Racine entered service on February 25, 1907. It briefly served as the terminus of the Englewood branch before it was extended to Loomis in July of the same year. The station was originally known as Center Avenue; it changed its name when Center Avenue changed its name to Racine Avenue. When the CTA instituted A/B skip-stop service in 1949, Racine, along with the entire Englewood branch, became an "A" station.
Closure of the station.
When the Green Line closed on January 9, 1994, for a two-year renovation, Racine closed along with the other Green Line stations. However, Racine never reopened with the rest of the line on May 12, 1996. The CTA decided to close Racine and five other stations permanently in 1994, when they began the Green Line project. The station closings were controversial in certain communities, and a group of over 20 community leaders known as the Green Line Coalition protested outside Mayor Richard M. Daley's office. They claimed that the CTA had reneged on its promise to reopen the stations and that the closures would hinder economic development in poorer communities. Illinois State Senator Rickey Hendon also referred to the closings as racist and "a slap in the face" because the closed stations were primarily in African-American communities. After they closed the station, the CTA chose not to demolish due to its status as a historic station per a memorandum of agreement between the CTA and the Illinois Historic Preservation Agency. As a result, employees at the adjacent Racine Shops train yard use the platforms to board and exit trains.

</doc>
<doc id="20508790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508790" title="Justice Brown">
Justice Brown

Justice Brown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20508865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508865" title="Bliss (band)">
Bliss (band)

Bliss are a pop group from Coventry, England.
Biography.
Bliss was founded in 1986 by vocalist Rachel Morrison and bassist Paul Ralphes, who were the primary songwriters. Apart from the two founder members, the group also consisted of Paul Sirett (guitars), Chris Baker (drums) and Roger Askew (keyboard, piano, Hammond organ). In 1987 they released two singles on the label Survival, "I Hear You Call" and "Your Love Meant Everything". Between March and September 1988 the quintet recorded their debut album, "Love Prayer", which was released through Parlophone/EMI in 1989 and which also featured a number of session musicians. "Loveprayer" failed to make an impact in the U.S. and the UK, but saw success in Europe, Brazil, Australia, and New Zealand.
By the time they recorded their sophomore effort, 1991's "A Change in the Weather", Tommy Schmeider had taken over on guitar and Michael Witzel on drums. "A Change in the Weather" was produced by Rupert Hine and featured guest appearances from Paul Carrack and Liam O'Maonlai from Hothouse Flowers. Following this, the group toured with Van Morrison, Chris Isaak, and The Neville Brothers. Soon after the release of "A Change in the Weather", Morrison left the group to care for a newborn child. Ralphes moved to Brazil to pursue a career in production. 
Morrison and her husband (who performed as Tom E. Morrison) began touring together, with Rachel billing as a solo artist. Rachel and Tom then formed an electronica project called Meeker, which released several singles in 2000-2001. They toured under this name and their music was featured on soundtracks to movies like "The Tuxedo", "Sparkle", and "London to Brighton".
After meeting up again with original band member Paul Ralphes in winter 2006, the idea to re-form Bliss took shape and the German record label Zounds eventually released a "Best Of" album called "Spirit Of Man" in 2007. At the same time, the Bliss back-catalog of recordings done with EMI was digitally released internationally.
Today, Bliss continue to perform with a new line-up consisting of Rachel Morrison (vocals), Tom E Morrison (guitars), Simon Peter (keyboards), Rob Tree (bass), Marc Layton-Bennett (drums/percussion). This line-up, under the Rachel Morrison solo name, recorded an album of covers in the fashionable "Celtic" style released under the title "The Celtic Woman" which also includes three tracks by others. The fifteen Morrison tracks range from versions of songs by Enya, The Cranberries and All About Eve to more "standard" covers of songs by Barbra Streisand, Dolly Parton and R.E.M. The album has been released as one of a double CD set in 2008 called "Simply Celtic Moods" by Union Square Music (number SIMPLYCD209) and shows this singer's versatility to good effect.

</doc>
<doc id="20508916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508916" title="Molla Şemseddin Fenari">
Molla Şemseddin Fenari

Molla Shemseddin Fenari (Turkish: "Molla Şemsüddin-i Fenârî", 1350–March or April 1431) was an Ottoman logician, Islamic theologian, and Islamic legal academic.
Biography.
Fenari was born in Maveraünnehir, then in the Ottoman Empire, and now in Turkey. He completed his education at Egypt's Ekmeluddin Madrasah. Upon graduating, he returned to Maveraünnehir and was appointed professor ("müderris") at the Manastır Madrasah.
Bayezid I subsequently appointed Fenari judge ("qadi") of Bursa in 1390. The death of Bayezid I precipitated a civil war, which caused Fenari to leave the country, after which he lectured in Egypt and in Hejaz (part of present-day Saudi Arabia). In 1421, Murad II ascended the throne as the sixth Ottoman Sultan and recalled Fenari to the court. Murad appointed him Sheikh ul-Islam in 1424, a position that he filled in addition to his other positions as professor and judge. He retained all three positions until the end of his life in Bursa in 1431.
During his academic career, he specialized in logic and (Islamic) jurisprudence. His papers on logic were reputed throughout the Islamic world. He also wrote an encyclopedia. His major writings are:

</doc>
<doc id="20508945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508945" title="Call of duty (law)">
Call of duty (law)

Call of Duty is a legal term describing the necessity to carry out a job or duty, such as a police case, military assault/wartime actions, or other military or highly important jobs. Once again, a call to/of duty can be a highly important position of work, (Doctor/Fireman/Civil Service/Governing) but otherwise and more commonly used for wartime legal terminology.
History.
The phrase "Duty calls" has been used in media such as movies, stories, and video games, usually when someone is pulled from a conversation into their tasks. More importantly, this is used in drama, as a way of saying a sad goodbye to the family to leave for distant work. As a legal term, it is used as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20508979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20508979" title="Harald Damsleth">
Harald Damsleth

Harald Damsleth (August 16, 1906 - March 1, 1971) was a Norwegian cartoonist, illustrator and ad-man. He is best known for his posters for Nasjonal Samling (NS) during World War II.
Early life and work.
Born in Bremen, Harald Damsleth had a Norwegian father and German mother. His father soon returned to Norway to work at Fredrikstad Mekaniske Verksted, whereas Harald Damsleth lived with his mother until the age of eleven. Upon his mother's death in 1917, Damsleth moved to Norway to grow up with his godfather, bank director Erling Sandberg. During a study tenure in Germany from 1929 to 1931, Damsleth met the German citizen Liselotte Friedmann, whom he engaged to marry. She did not move to Norway until 1935.
During his younger days, Damsleth was primarily a professional in the field of advertising. He worked for several advertising agencies in Oslo before taking over "Myres reklamebyrå" and in 1939 "Heroldens annonsebyrå". In addition to advertising, he drew book covers, postcards, posters for the Norwegian Mountain Touring Association and more. However, Damsleth did nurture antipathies for socialism, and was a Norwegian nationalist. His illustrations were inspired by the Norwegian scenery and healthy, blonde people (Arne Skouen once described him as a "specialist on Aryan facial traits"), though these ideals were not atypical for the time. On the other hand, he was to a degree inspired by modernist art. He was involved in Fedrelandslaget for some time, and joined Nasjonal Samling, the Norwegian Fascist Party, already in 1933, its foundation year. He did not actually pay the membership fee until 1939, but upon the German invasion of Poland that year, he invigorated his support for the party, and paid the fees for the years 1933 to 1939.
World War II.
Norway was invaded by Germany in 1940, and occupied for the following five years. Erling Sandberg was eventually appointed to Josef Terboven's Council of State, and Harald Damsleth began receiving assignments for public service announcements in April 1940, shortly after the German invasion of Norway. From October the same year "Herolden" was given a monopoly on state announcements. Damsleth also designed nearly all stamps issued in Norway between 1940 and 1945. Among the stamps designed by Damsleth were the three stamps of the shipwreck series commemorating civilian Norwegian passenger ships lost to allied attack. The ships portrayed on the stamps were SS "Barøy", SS "Irma" and SS "Sanct Svithun". His monopoly was not only caused by the Nazi sympathies nurtured by employees in "Herolden", but also because other advertising agencies boycotted the occupant regime. At the same time, Damsleth lost his professional contact with publishing houses.
Damsleth prolifically produced propaganda posters, almost 200 in all. He drifted away from modernism, a style considered "degenerate" by national socialists, and painted in a more naturalistic style. At the beginning of the war, his posters depicted normal, working people. However, near the end of the war, the posters began expressing military and war themes, including strong Russophobic sentiments.
Damsleth was also a war reporter for Waffen-SS, and had a stay at the Eastern Front in 1942.
Post-war career.
Damsleth was tried in a court on 15 May 1945, only a week after the liberation of Norway. He pleaded not guilty of treason. He claimed ignorance of the actions conducted by Nazi authorities. In 1950, Damsleth was sentenced to five years of hard labor for treason committed during World War II, but was pardoned after just two years served.
After the War, Damsleth returned to politically neutral work, illustrating book covers and postcards, including many with "nisse" motifs. The books covers ranged from Christian books, pulp novels, and collection items called "glansbilder". He also experimented with psychedelic art.
He died in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="20509005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509005" title="This One's for You (Teddy Pendergrass album)">
This One's for You (Teddy Pendergrass album)

"This One's for You" was the seventh album by R&B crooner Teddy Pendergrass. It was released just after a bad car accident Pendergrass was involved in, which left him paralyzed from the waist down due to a spinal cord injury. The album did not do as well as his previous albums did on the Billboard 200, peaking at only #59, but it did do well on the R&B album chart, reaching #6. Only one single was released: "I Can't Win for Losing," which peaked at only #32 on the R&B charts.

</doc>
<doc id="20509021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509021" title="Bulgarian Canadians">
Bulgarian Canadians

Bulgarian Canadians (, "kanadski balgari") are citizens of Canada (Canadians) with significant Bulgarian heritage. Those can include Bulgarian Canadians living in Canada for one or several generations, dual Bulgarian Canadian citizens, or any other Bulgarian Canadians who consider themselves to be affiliated to both cultures or countries. Some Bulgarian Canadians might be born in Bulgaria, Canada or other countries with ethnic Bulgarian population.
Because some Bulgarians are not Canadian citizens, others are dual citizens, and still others' ancestors have come to Canada several generations ago, some of these people consider themselves to be simply Canadians, Bulgarians, Bulgarians living in Canada or Canadian Bulgarians.
History.
Origin and numbers.
Mass Bulgarian emigration to Canada began in the late 1890s and the early 20th century. Bulgarians primarily settled in Canada's industrial cities, mostly Toronto, Ontario, which was a major centre of Bulgarian migration to North America. Between 1900 and 1944, 19,955 people from Bulgaria settled in Canada; however, this number excludes the mass Bulgarian migration from Ottoman and later Serbian and Greek-ruled Macedonia, Dobruja, southern Thrace, the Western Outlands and Bessarabia, which was indeed the bulk of Bulgarian emigration to Canada. The largest wave of migration from the Kingdom of Bulgaria to Canada was in 1912, when 6,388 people arrived in that country. Other significant waves were those of 1914, consisting of 4,512 people, and 1907–09, which numbered 2,529.
The Canadian Census of 1921 recorded 1,765 people who identified as Bulgarians; of those, 1,378 lived in Ontario. In 1931, self-identified Bulgarians were 3,160 (2,415 in Ontario), while in 1941 they numbered 3,260 (2,553 in Ontario). Other estimates, however, list 10,000 Bulgarians in Canada by 1913, of which 4,000 in Toronto alone, and 20,000 Bulgarians in Canada by 1939. The Bulgarian colony in Toronto mostly consisted of emigrants from Macedonia and the Kostur (Kastoria) region in particular. According to Bulgarian diplomatic and ecclesiastical records of 1936, Bulgarians in Toronto alone numbered 3,500, while other estimates go up to 5,000.
The Bulgarian community in Canada is deeply linked to the Macedonian Canadians. Until World War II, most people who today identify as Macedonian Canadians claimed a Bulgarian ethnic identity and were recorded as part of the Bulgarian ethnic group. In the 1980s and 1990s, the Bulgarian community in Canada spread in larger numbers to the capital Ottawa, Vancouver, British Columbia and Montreal, Quebec.
Organizations, religion and education.
The first organization of Bulgarians in Canada, the Zhelevo Bulgarian Brotherhood or Zhelevo Benevolence Brotherhood was established in 1907 in Toronto by emigrants from Zhelevo (Antartiko) in Aegean Macedonia. Other Bulgarian organizations were soon established by emigrants from Zagorichani (Vassiliada), Oshtima (Trigono), Smardesh (Krystallopigi), Gabresh (Gavros), Banitsa (Vevi), Buf (Akritas) and Tarsie (Trivuno), all villages in Aegean Macedonia. Bulgarian emigrants from Murgash near Tsaribrod and Bansko also established emigrant organizations. Most such communities were founded in Toronto, though some were based in other Ontario towns like Kitchener, Windsor and Courtland.
The foundations of the Bulgarian Orthodox community in Canada were laid down in 1908 with the first Bulgarian ecclesiastical mission in North America. The priests Hristo Karabashev and hieromonk Theophylactus, who first visited the United States, arrived in Toronto in 1910 and established what is today the Sts. Cyril and Methodius Macedono-Bulgarian Orthodox Parish, which until 1945 remained the only such community in Canada.
A Bulgarian school, funded by the Bulgarian Orthodox community, was founded in Toronto as early as 1914: this was also the first Bulgarian school in the Americas. In 1924, this school had 70 pupils and two teachers. By 1928, the number of pupils was 100. Bulgarian adult schools were established by two separate organizations in 1917 and 1920, also in Toronto. Another school for children was founded in Toronto in 1934; Bulgarian schools were also established in Kitchener and Windsor in 1932 and 1936 respectively.
Language.
Some Bulgarian Canadians speak Bulgarian, especially the more recent immigrants, while others might not speak the language at all, or speak Bulgarian mixed with English to a lesser or greater extent. Some Bulgarian Canadians understand Bulgarian even though they might not be able to speak the language. There are cases where older generations of Bulgarians or descendants of Bulgarian immigrants from the early part of the 20th century are fluent in the Bulgarian language as well.

</doc>
<doc id="20509029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509029" title="Cassida">
Cassida

Cassida is a large genus of tortoise beetles in the subfamily Hispinae. Several species of "Cassida" are important agricultural pests, in particular "C. vittata" and "C. nebulosa" on sugar beet and spinach. The thistle tortoise beetle ("Cassida rubiginosa") has been used as a biological control agent against Canada thistle.

</doc>
<doc id="20509047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509047" title="Jimmy Monaghan">
Jimmy Monaghan

Jimmy Monaghan is an Irish musician from Belmullet, Ireland. He is the lead singer, guitarist and songwriter for the Galway based anti-folk band Music for Dead Birds. He also releases music under various other musical titles, including "The Crytearions".
Biography.
He was born in Danbury, Connecticut and moved to Ireland as a child. As a teenager he was an amateur boxer, winning four Irish national titles. He won a silver medal at the 2004 Four Nations tournament boxing for Ireland and received the Western People Sports Star of the year award the same year. In 2011 he was short-listed for the RTE PJ O'Connor Award for his Radio Drama "Thumb". 
Music.
As well as his work with Music for Dead Birds, he releases instrumental solo piano music under his Irish name Seamus O'Muineachain. Psychonavigation Records released his debut album on the 9 July 2012. "The Irish Times" reviewed the album positively, calling it ""a tremulous if tranquil success."" Bleep.com said of the album ""He reveals ten tracks of delicately crafted classicism, a unique piano soundtrack indebted with heart-wrenching cinematic emotion."" The album received radio play on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation and he performed at The Electric Picnic festival in 2012.
Discography.
With Music for Dead Birds

</doc>
<doc id="20509054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509054" title="Daedalea quercina">
Daedalea quercina

Daedalea quercina is a species of mushroom in the Polyporales order. It is the type species of the genus "Daedalea". Commonly known as the oak mazegill or maze-gill fungus, the specific epithet refers to the oak genus "Quercus", upon which it frequently grows, causing a brown rot. It is found in Europe, Asia, Northern Africa and Australasia. Though inedible, it can be used as a natural comb and has been the subject of chemical research.
Description.
The sessile, fan-shaped fruiting bodies are typically in diameter and up to thick. They are found singly or in tiered groups, usually on rotting oak. The upper surface of the cap may be various shades of brown, and is sometimes zonate. The pore surface, white to tan in color, is initially porous, but as the fruit body matures, some of the pore walls break down, forming slits with blunt partitions. This results in the characteristic maze-like (daedaloid or labyrinthinine/labyrinthiform) appearance. The tube walls are 10–30 mm long, with thick walls. The basidiospores are 5–7 × 2–4 µm, smooth, and elliptical in shape. In deposit the spores are white.
This mushroom is inedible due to its cork-like texture.
A variant has been described that has large, angular pores similar to those in the genus "Trametes", named "D. quercina" forma "trametea".
Habitat and distribution.
Although "D. quercina" prefers to grow on "Quercus" species, it has also been found on the tree species "Fagus grandifola", "Fraxina americana", "Juglans nigra", and "Ulmus americana".
It has been reported from nearly all European countries, following the pattern of oak distribution. It has also been reported in Northern Africa (Tunisia), Asia from Caucasus to India, and also Australia.
Uses.
Fruit bodies of "D. quercina" have been used as a natural comb, employed for brushing down horses with tender skin. Gilbertson notes that in England, smoldering fruit bodies were used for anesthetizing bees.
This species has been investigated for application in bioremediation. The lignin-degrading enzyme laccase, isolated and purified from "D. quercina", has shown use in biodegrading a variety of toxic dyes and pigments.
The compound quercinol (a chromene derivative), isolated from the oak mazegill, has anti-inflammatory activity, and inhibits the enzymes cyclooxygenase 2, xanthine oxidase, and horseradish peroxidase.

</doc>
<doc id="20509061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509061" title="Speaker of the Croatian Parliament">
Speaker of the Croatian Parliament

The Speaker of the Croatian Parliament (, literally the President of the Croatian Parliament) is the presiding figure in the Parliament of Croatia, Croatia's legislative body.
The Speaker of the Croatian Parliament serves as interim President of Croatia if the elected President resigns from office, or if his/her term expires and a new President is not elected.
List.
This is the list of Speakers of the Croatian Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="20509076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509076" title="Smile -Live at Wolf Creek-">
Smile -Live at Wolf Creek-

Smile -Live at Wolf Creek- is the second live album by Japanese experimental band Boris. It was released through Daymare Recordings On November 21, 2008, featuring guest musician Michio Kurihara of Ghost. It was recorded live in Wolf Creek, California, in May 2008.
The track listing follows the American version of "Smile", with the tracks "Pink", Floor Shaker", and "Rainbow" added. The artwork is nearly identical to the artwork for the Japanese release of "Smile": it is in a plastic, fold-out sleeve with colored sponges sealed inside. The only significant change in the artwork is the color of the sleeve and sponges (dark grey instead of yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="20509098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509098" title="Frank Gervasi">
Frank Gervasi

Frank Gervasi was world-renowned foreign correspondent and author. His books include "To Whom Palestine?", "The Case for Israel", "The Real Rockefeller" and "The Violent Decade".
In 1960 he married singer Georgia Gibbs. They had first met in Paris in the 1930s, but lost touch with one another for twelve years. The marriage lasted until his death in 1992; they had one child who predeceased Georgia.
His grandson is screenwriter and film director Sacha Gervasi, who wrote "The Terminal" for Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks and directed the acclaimed documentary "Anvil! The Story of Anvil".

</doc>
<doc id="20509113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509113" title="Mirko Beljanski">
Mirko Beljanski

Mirko Beljanski (1923–1998) was a French-Serbian molecular biologist, notable in the latter part of his career for devising and promoting a number of ineffective cancer treatments, and for treating French president François Mitterrand with them.
Career.
Beljanski was born in 1923 in Yugoslavia. He came to France to study, and lived there for the rest of his life. He was married to Monique. He received a PhD in 1948 from the University of Paris. In 1948, he entered the CNRS and worked at the Pasteur Institute in Paris as a researcher in molecular biology. He made several discoveries while studying RNA and DNA. Beljanski was made to leave the Pasteur Institute in 1978, after pursuing research against the advice of the institute, but still continued to publish scientific papers. He was at the Faculty of Pharmacy of Châtenay-Malabry until his retirement in 1988. He was then at the Faculty of Pharmacy of Châtenay-Malabry until his retirement in 1988
In his lifetime, Beljanski published a total of 133 scientific papers, mostly written in French.
Beljanski believed he had found antivirals effective against cancer and AIDS. A product made from extracts of the Brazilian paopereira tree and called PB100 was claimed to be superior to AZT, which Beljanksi called "real poison". Customers included François Mitterrand (via a homeopath called Philippe de Kuyper). There was never any evidence that any of the products Beljanski promoted were effective medicine; the French Department of Health accused him of illegally practising medicine in 1991, and he was sentenced in March 1994.
Beljanski died from cancer in Paris on 27 October 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20509117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509117" title="Asparagopsis armata">
Asparagopsis armata

Asparagopsis armata is a red algae situated mostly in deep areas.
In the Azores Archipelago, this algae measures up to 15 cm and compromises a total of many abundance in local submerged parts, it has a boundary with the sea and is located in the Atlantic.
The cycle or life are in two phases of distinct morphology. It is identified in two different species than the same under the scientific names ("Falkenbergia rufolanosa" (Harvey) F.Schmitz).
These gametophyte algae occurs between June and July as well as August and September, it conforms to its water distribution. It provides the coloring with red. It has some cylindrical of around 1 mm in length and around 200 mm (20 cm) in width.

</doc>
<doc id="20509157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509157" title="Going by the Book">
Going by the Book

Going by the Book () is a 2007 South Korean film.
This is a remake of the 1991 Japanese film "Asobi no jikan wa owaranai" (遊びの時間は終らない).
Plot.
Jung Do-man is a low-ranking traffic cop whose tendency to do things "by the book" sometimes gets him in trouble, such as when he pulls over his new boss, newly instated police chief Lee Seung-man, and issues him with a traffic ticket. Though surprised and annoyed by the unexpected fine, the police chief has bigger problems; the town of Sampo has been hit by a string of bank robberies, and to reassure the public he decides to carry out a realistic drill which will demonstrate the police force's capability. Do-man is chosen to act out the part of the bank robber, but with his usual fastidious attention to detail he sets out to commit the perfect crime.
Release.
"Going by the Book" was released in South Korea on 18 October 2007, and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 464,699 admissions. It held that position for a second successive weekend, going on to receive a total of 2,190,250 admissions nationwide, with a gross (as of 16 December 2007) of $14,961,069.

</doc>
<doc id="20509187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509187" title="Sinawe">
Sinawe

Sinawe () is a heavy metal/rock band from South Korea. They are credited as being the first heavy metal band in South Korea. During its golden age in the late 1980s and early 1990s, many renowned musicians in South Korea such as Seo Taiji, Kim Jong-seo, Bada Kim and Yim Jae-beom improved their musical abilities while members of the group. Shin Dae-cheol, the son of Shin Jung-hyeon, who is considered the father of Korean rock music, formed Sinawe in 1986 and they released their first album that same year. The album was very well-received, selling 400,000 copies, and the band took to the forefront of Korean heavy metal. In 1996, five years after the group's breakup in 1991, Shin Dae-cheol reformed Sinawe with new members.

</doc>
<doc id="20509189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509189" title="Anita Berrizbeitia">
Anita Berrizbeitia

Anita de la Rosa de Berrizbeitia is a landscape theorist, teacher, and author. She continues to play an integral role in the renewed visibility of landscape architecture as a cultural practice. She was the associate chair of landscape architecture at the University of Pennsylvania before becoming Professor of Landscape Architecture at the Graduate School of Design of Harvard University. She lives in Massachusetts with her husband and three sons.
Formative years.
Berrizbeitia was born in Caracas, Venezuela. She attended the College of Architecture and Urbanism at Simon Bolivar University in Caracas, a public institution known for its science and technology orientation. In 1980, she received a B.A. from Wellesley College, and in 1987 earned an M.L.A. from the Graduate School of Design at Harvard University.
Career.
Berrizbeitia contributed to several award-winning projects while practicing as a landscape architect with Childs Associates, Inc., in Boston, from 1987 to 1993. Large scale projects in which she participated include North Link Park in Battery Park City and D.W. Field Park in Brockton, Massachusetts. It is for her contributions to design theories of the modern and contemporary landscape,however, for which she is most recognized. Teaching has been an integral component to the development of her ideas, beginning with an Assistant Professorship of Landscape Architecture at Harvard (1993–98) and continuing as faculty at the University of Pennsylvania, which she joined in 1998. Berrizbeitia currently is Professor of Landscape Architecture at the Harvard Graduate School of Design. Prior to her appointment at Harvard she was Associate Department Chair of Landscape Architecture and an Associate Professor at UPenn.
Works.
In 1999, with co-author Linda Pollak, Berrizbeitia published "Inside/Outside: Between Architecture and Landscape". Organized as an anthology of twenty four design projects from seven countries, the book distinguished itself from other anthologies of the period by formulating a theory of relationships around the concept of design operations, such as reciprocity and insertion, rather than a formal description of design elements. The book was widely praised and is firmly situated in design libraries and on the reading lists of advanced courses in design studies. Berrizbeitia followed with "Roberto Burle Marx in Caracas: Parque del Este", 1956-1961 (2004), which was awarded the J.B. Jackson Book Prize in 2007 from the Foundation for Landscape Studies, a prize that recognizes significant contributions to garden history and landscape studies. The book furthers her studies in inter-relationships by examining the Latin American Modernist context of Burle Marx that is noteworthy for its embrace of hybridity. Her study reveals several forms of hybridity including Formal (combining types), Ecological (native/non-native)and Methodological (process/form) in Burle Marx’s Parque del Este that hold particular relevance to contemporary practice in North America. In addition to her two books, Berrizbeitia has also contributed essays to numerous studies in modern and contemporary design including "Daniel Urban Kiley: The Early Gardens", "Recovering Landscape:Essays in Contemporary Landscape Architecture", "Roberto Burle Marx: Landscapes Reflected", "CASE:Downsview Park Toronto", and "Large Parks".
In 2005, Berrizbeitia was awarded the Rome Prize in Landscape Architecture to study “The Ecology of Formal Systems in the Italian Landscape and Garden.” Most recently, she is the editor of the forthcoming book "Michael Van Valkenburgh Associates: Reconstructing Urban Landscapes".

</doc>
<doc id="20509221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509221" title="Lone Rhino">
Lone Rhino

Lone Rhino is the first solo-career album by the artist Adrian Belew following years of playing in groups such as Talking Heads (as a touring member) and as the new lead singer, songwriter, and guitarist of King Crimson.
Additional Liner Notes.
All songs published by Siako Music Co., ASCAP.
Recorded at Compass Point Studios, Nassau, Bahamas in August/September 1981

</doc>
<doc id="20509242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509242" title="South Baden Cup">
South Baden Cup

The South Baden Cup (German: "Südbadischer Pokal") is one of the 21 regional cup competitions of German football. The winner of the competition gains entry to the first round of the German Cup. 
History.
The Cup was established in 1945, after the end of the Second World War, in the French occupation zone in the southern half of the state of Baden, which existed as the state of South Baden from 1945 to 1952, when the state of Baden-Württemberg was formed. Due to the northern half of the state being under US occupation, the Baden football association was cut in half and a northern and southern federation was formed. The same happened with the regional cup competition.
The South Baden Cup is played annually, with the exception of 1946–47, 1951–56 and 1957–58, when it was not held.
From 1974 onwards, the winner of the South Baden Cup qualified for the first round of the German Cup.
The cup was sponsored for some years by the mineral water botteler Peterstaler and carried its name, "Peterstaler Pokal", but the current sponsor is brewery Rothaus, and the competition is the therefore named "Rothaus Pokal".
Modus.
Professional clubs are not permitted to enter the competition, meaning, no teams from the "Fußball-Bundesliga" and the "2nd Bundesliga" can compete. The only club from the region affected by this in the past years has been the first team of the SC Freiburg.
All clubs from South Baden playing in the "3rd Liga" (III), "Regionalliga Süd" (IV) and "Oberliga Baden-Württemberg" (V) gain direct entry to the first round. Additionally, according to a quota system, the best eight clubs from the "Verbandsliga Südbaden" (VI) and the three "Landesligas" (VII) also enter the first round directly. The four semi-finalists of the six regional cup competitions in South Baden also qualify for the competition. Should more clubs be required to make up the number of 64 set for the first round, they will be selected from the "Verbandsliga".
In case of a draw, the lower tier club advances.
Cup finals.
Held annually at the end of season, these were the cup finals since 1945:
Winners.
Listed in order of wins, the Cup winners are:

</doc>
<doc id="20509267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509267" title="KHBS-DT2 / KHOG-DT2">
KHBS-DT2 / KHOG-DT2

KHBS-DT2 and KHOG-DT2 are the CW-affiliated television stations for western Arkansas. The stations are second digital subchannels of ABC affiliates KHBS / KHOG-TV which are owned by Hearst Television. Over-the-air, KHBS-DT2 broadcasts a digital signal on UHF channel 21.2 from KHBS's transmitter located northwest of Poteau, Oklahoma. The station is also offered on Cox cable channel 22 in Fort Smith. KHOG-DT2 broadcasts a digital signal on UHF channel 15.2 from KHOG's transmitter located southeast of Fayetteville. It can be seen on Cox cable channel 4 in that city as well. KHBS-DT2 and KHOG-DT2 are known on-air together as Arkansas CW. Their parent stations have studios on Ajax Avenue in Rogers. 
History.
Both stations were launched on April 28, 2008 when KHBS and KHOG-TV decided to carry The CW on their digital signals. Previous, the network was only available from a cable-only CW affiliate operated by Cox. As part of The CW Plus operation, it was known as having the fictional callsign, "KCWA".
Newscasts.
On August 20, 2012, KHBS/KHOG began producing a nightly half-hour prime time newscast at 9 on their CW-affiliated second digital subchannels. The broadcast is the third prime time news option in the Fayetteville-Fort Smith market, joining a weeknight-only newscast on Fox outlet KFTA that is produced by sister station KNWA-TV and a nightly KFSM-produced newscast on MyNetworkTV affiliate KXNW. As KHBS-DT2 and KHOG-DT2 receive CW network programming from The CW Plus, the newscast preempts syndicated programming normally seen in that timeslot on The CW Plus' national feed.
News team.
Current on-air staff.
Anchors
40/29 Weather
Sports team
Reporters

</doc>
<doc id="20509291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509291" title="Chrysolina">
Chrysolina

Chrysolina is a large genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Chrysomelinae. The species "Chrysolina cerealis" and "C. graminis" are protected in the United Kingdom. All species of "Chrysolina" are phytophagous, feeding on specific food plants, and some of them have been used for biological control of weeds. To control "Hypericum perforatum" (St John's wort), "C. hyperici" was successfully naturalized in Australia in the 1930s and several species, especially "C. quadrigemina", were introduced to California in the late 1940s.

</doc>
<doc id="20509292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509292" title="Jean Puy">
Jean Puy

Jean Puy (8 November 1876, Roanne, Loire – 6 March 1960, Roanne) was a French Fauvist artist. He studied architecture in Lyon and painting with Jean-Paul Laurens at l'Académie Julian between 1897 and 1898. He met Henri Matisse and other like-minded artists when he transferred to the l'Academie Carriere in 1899. He exhibited his work in 1901, then in an impressionist style, at the Salon des Indépendants; later, as a Fauvist, he exhibited at the 1905 Salon d'Automne.
"L'Illustration" related the Salon d'Automne "scandal" and published reproductions of several paintings dubbed Fauve, among which Jean Puy's "Flânerie sous les pins (Strolling through pine woods)", together with Louis Vauxcelles' comment: "Mr. Puy, whose nude at the seashore reminds us of Cézanne's wide schematism, is presenting outdoor scenes where the volumes of things and beings are strongly established."

</doc>
<doc id="20509299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509299" title="Justice Carr">
Justice Carr

Justice Carr may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20509303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509303" title="CSAS">
CSAS

CSAS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20509316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509316" title="Volgograd Reservoir">
Volgograd Reservoir

The Volgograd Reservoir () is a reservoir in Russia formed at the Volga River by the dam of the Volga Hydroelectric Station. It lies within the Volgograd Oblast and Saratov Oblast and named after the city of Volgograd. It was constructed during 1958-1961.
Its area is 3,117 km², volume is 31,5 km², length is 540 km, maximal width is 17 km, average depth is 10.1 m. It is the third largest reservoir in Russia (after Kuybyshev Reservoir and Rybinsk Reservoir).

</doc>
<doc id="20509317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509317" title="Dick Such">
Dick Such

Richard Stanley "Dick" Such (born October 15, 1944 in Sanford, North Carolina) is a former pitcher and coach in Major League Baseball. A right-hander who batted left-handed, Such stood 6'4" (193 cm) tall and weighed 190 pounds (86 kg).
Playing career.
Such attended Elon College and pitched on the baseball team. On 8 June 1965, Such was drafted by the New York Yankees in the 40th round of the 1965 amateur draft, but did not sign. Drafted by the Washington Senators in the 8th round of the 1966 amateur draft (January secondary phase), Such would sign his first professional contract later that spring and would pitch in 14 games for the Burlington Senators in the single-A Carolina League, finishing with a respectable 6-8 record and 3.13 ERA. In his second season in minor league baseball, 1967 with the York White Roses, Washington's Double-A Eastern League affiliate, Such allowed only 108 hits in 128 innings pitched, hurled eight complete games, and compiled an excellent 2.81 earned run average — but he also piled up a frustrating 0–16 win-loss record.
He would return to Burlington in 1968 and, while toiling for another last-place team, Such would lose 17 games while winning only 10. After starting the season with Washington's AAA Denver Bears, Such would receive his only major league duty in 1970. His Major League career consisted of 21 games (starting five) while compiling a won-lost mark of 1-5 in 50 innings pitched with a 7.56 earned-run average.
Such would be back at Denver in 1971, but would take a step backward (finishing with a 6.12 ERA in 24 games). Such spent the next two years in the Washington/Texas Rangers organization, returning to single-A Burlington in 1972, before calling it a career during the 1973 season after laboring to a 1-1 record and 7.71 ERA in 8 games at AA Pittsfield.
Coaching career.
Following his retirement, Such would become a pitching coach and roving pitching instructor in the Ranger's farm system from 1975 through 1982. From 1983 through the midseason of 1985, he was the Rangers' Major League pitching coach, serving on the staff of skipper Doug Rader. He then moved to the Minnesota Twins, where he would serve as pitching coach under skippers Ray Miller and Tom Kelly for the next 16 years (1986–2001), including the team's World Series victories in 1987 and 1991. Following the retirement of Kelly after the 2001 season, new Twins manager Ron Gardenhire would replace Such with his longtime friend Rick Anderson.
After taking off time from baseball, in 2007 Such was named the pitching coach of with the Camden Riversharks of the independent Atlantic League. He would stay with the team through the 2008 season before being named the pitching coach of the Salem Red Sox, the advanced Single-A Carolina League affiliate of the Boston Red Sox in 2009. On December 22, 2010, he was named as pitching coach for the single-A Greenville Drive, Boston's South Atlantic League farm club, and in 2013 he will hold a similar job with the Rookie-level Gulf Coast Red Sox.

</doc>
<doc id="20509323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509323" title="Bob Wellman">
Bob Wellman

Robert Joseph Wellman (July 25, 1925 — December 20, 1994) was an American professional baseball player, manager and scout. He managed for a quarter-century in minor league baseball, winning more than 1,600 games — with his 1966 Spartanburg Phillies setting a Western Carolinas League record by ripping off a 29-game winning streak. He also briefly played Major League Baseball.
Wellman was a native of Norwood, Ohio. An outfielder and first baseman, he batted and threw right-handed, stood tall and weighed . He had two brief trials — four games in and 11 more in — with the Philadelphia Athletics of the American League, batting .286 in 25 at bats, with one triple, one home run and one run batted in. The rest of Wellman's uniformed career would be spent in the minors, first as a player (he led four consecutive leagues in home runs from 1954–1957, including the Class A Western International League), then as a playing manager and manager.
His managing career began in 1955 with the Douglas Trojans, a Class D affiliate of the Cincinnati Reds in the Georgia State League, where his club finished in first place but fell in the playoffs. He would handle teams in the farm systems of the Reds (1955–1959), Philadelphia Phillies (1961–1976) and New York Mets (1977–1980), compiling a win-loss record of 1,663 wins, 1,440 defeats (.536) with three playoff championships. His 1966 Spartanburg squad — which featured future major leaguers Larry Bowa, Denny Doyle, Barry Lersch, Ron Allen and Lowell Palmer — won 91 of 126 regular-season games, a .722 winning percentage (equivalent to 117 victories over a 162-game season). However, he spent only part of one season as a manager at the Triple-A level, with the 1970 Eugene Emeralds of the Pacific Coast League, and was released on May 25 after his team dropped 28 of its first 43 games. The next year, he resumed his success in Spartanburg.
After leading the 1980 Jackson Mets into the Texas League playoffs, Wellman hung up his uniform and became a Mets scout. He died in Villa Hills, Kentucky, at the age of 69.

</doc>
<doc id="20509332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509332" title="Matt Hamilton (curler)">
Matt Hamilton (curler)

Matthew Hamilton (born February 19, 1989) is an American curler from McFarland, Wisconsin. Hamilton currently curls out of the Madison Curling Club as Craig Brown's third.
Career.
In 2007 and 2008, Hamilton participated in the US Men's National Championships, placing 9th in both events. In 2008 and 2009, he participated in the United States Junior National Championships, where he took first place on both occasions.
Hamilton traveled to the 2008 World Junior Curling Championships in Östersund, Sweden as a member of the Chris Plys rink where he took home the gold medal after beating Sweden 9-5. While in Sweden, Hamilton won the championship's 2008 Sportsmanship Award, an award only given out to one male junior curler and one female junior curler.
In the 2009 World Junior Curling Championships, held in the newly completed Vancouver Olympic Centre, Hamilton's team won the bronze medal.
In the stages leading up to the 2011 United States Men's Curling Championship, he played as Paul Pustovar's second through the Medford qualifier and the challenge round, eventually qualifying for the Nationals. He replaced Pustovar as skip in the Nationals, and finished seventh with a 3–6 win-loss record.
For the 2011–12 curling season, Hamilton will play as Craig Brown's third in the World Curling Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20509376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509376" title="Chris Plys">
Chris Plys

Christopher Plys (; born August 13, 1987 in Duluth, Minnesota) is an American curler.
Career.
Plys, who started to curl in 1998, used to curl with Aanders Brorson, Matt Perushek, and Matt Hamilton. He has been in six State Curling Championships, taking first in the years 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009. Doing this allowed Plys to advance to the national level championships, the title in which he has won for four straight years (2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009) (usacurl.org). He has made his way up the platform at the Junior Men’s World Curling Championships. In 2006, Plys took 9th place in Jeonju, South Korea. The next year, in 2007, he took 5th place in Eveleth, Minnesota. And finally in 2008, Plys won the gold medal in Ostersund, Sweden (usacurl.org). Plys has also competed at the World University Games in 2007, in Pinerolo, Italy. He played second on the John Shuster team, and they won the gold. Plys currently holds the record for the most United States Junior National Championships by a skip (usacurl.org).
Plys was chosen to be the alternate on the 2010 US Olympic team and represented the United States at the Winter Olympics in Vancouver, B.C. He was called in to skip the team during Draw 6 while the US team was still recovering from four losses in a row, and led the team to a 4-3 victory over France after a 10th end steal. Following the Olympics, Plys was drafted onto the Tyler George rink, where he throws third rocks.
Teammates.
2008 World Junior Curling Championships
2009 World Junior Curling Championships
2010 United States Olympic Curling Trials
2009 Moncton World Championships
2010 Vancouver Olympic Games

</doc>
<doc id="20509400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509400" title="Barred birchir">
Barred birchir

The barred bichir, armoured bichir, or banded bichir ("Polypterus delhezi") is a snake-like fish found in the Congo River, specifically in the upper and middle portions. This species is one of the more commonly available in commercial pet stores.
Description.
"P. delhezi" has a greyish back and sides, with specks of yellow or green coloration. The ventral surface tends to be lighter, closer to cream than grey. Its mouth is small compared to its body and to other fish in its family, and is distinguishable from other species by the seven or eight dark vertical bands, which can vary in thickness between individuals. It has 12 to 13 dorsal finlets.

</doc>
<doc id="20509403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509403" title="Matt Perushek">
Matt Perushek

Matthew Perushek (born December 8, 1987 in Eveleth, Minnesota) has been involved in curling since 1995. Matt has currently taken a break from curling to pursue other ambitions. He has competed at the Minnesota State Juniors for six years, winning in 2007, 2008, and 2009. Matt has competed at three United States Junior National Championships (2007, 2008, & 2009), winning all of them (usacurl.org). He won the "All-Star Second" award for the 2008 and 2009 U.S. Junior National Championships. Matt has made an appearance at three Junior Men’s World Curling Championships. In 2007, in Eveleth, Minnesota, his home town and home club, he placed 5th. The following year, in 2008, in Ostersund, Sweden, he won the gold (usacurl.org). In 2009, at Vancouver, B.C., he won the bronze. He also played at the U.S. Olympic Trials in 2009, placing 7th. Matt curled with Chris Plys, Aanders Brorson, and Matt Hamilton.

</doc>
<doc id="20509414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509414" title="Mordella marginata">
Mordella marginata

Mordella marginata is a species of Mordellidae that occurs in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="20509416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509416" title="Western Canary Islands Goldcrest">
Western Canary Islands Goldcrest

The Western Canary Islands Goldcrest, "Regulus regulus ellenthalerae", is a very small passerine bird in the kinglet family. It is restricted to the western Canary Islands of La Palma and El Hierro where it is a non-migratory resident.
Previously thought to be the same taxon as the Tenerife Goldcrest "Regulus regulus teneriffae", it was separated as a distinct subspecies of the Goldcrest which apparently evolved from an independent colonisation of the islands 1.3–1.8 million years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="20509423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509423" title="Aanders Brorson">
Aanders Brorson

Aanders Brorson (born April 29, 1988 in Calgary, Alberta), is an American curler. Brorson currently play lead for the Tyler George rink out of the Duluth Curling Club. Brorson was a member of the U.S. Junior national team consisting of Chris Plys, Matt Perushek, and Matt Hamilton that won a world championship in 2008. He has competed in six State Curling Championships, and won in 2007, 2008, and 2009; where he then advanced on to the United States Junior National Championships and won gold in 2007, 2008, and 2009 (usacurl.org). Brorson has made an appearance at three Junior Men’s World Curling Championships. In 2007, in Eveleth, Minnesota he placed 5th, the following year, in 2008, in Ostersund, Sweden, he won the gold, and in 2009, in Vancouver, BC Canada, he won the bronze medal.
He began curling in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20509430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509430" title="Helmut Friedlaender">
Helmut Friedlaender

Helmut Nathan Friedlaender (1913 – November 25, 2008) was an American lawyer and financial adviser who collected rare books.
Friedlaender was born in 1913 in Berlin, Germany. In 1933 he fled to Lausanne, Switzerland afraid that Hitler was about to seal Germany's borders. It was at Lausanne that he received a doctorate in administrative law with a thesis on hydroelectric enterprises. After working at a London-based brokerage for some time where he had been an apprentice and learned international arbitrage.
After arriving in the United States on November 12, 1936, Friedlaender made arrangements for an interview at the investment banking firm of Abraham & Company. The 6-foot, 3-inch tall, 120-pound Friedlaender showed up for the interview wearing traditional attire for the London Stock Exchange, consisting of "striped pants, black jacket, gray tie, black bowler hat, dull black shoes and an umbrella that had never been unfurled". Hundreds of people passed through the reception room to gawk at "what was to all of them a very funny sight", but he got the job.
Friedlaender was an announcer for the Voice of America during World War II for its broadcasts to Europe.
He became an adviser to philanthropist William Rosenwald in 1944, helping arrange the financing for the construction of 1407 Broadway and the purchase of the Empire State Building by the Rosenwald Group.
Book collector.
Friedlaender took up book collecting in 1970, with a focus on rare books, including medieval illuminated manuscripts and incunabula (books printed before 1501), with his first purchase being a 15th-century manuscript of the "Book of hours". Other items of interest were rare editions of works by Goethe, Heinrich Heine, Franz Kafka and Alexander Pushkin, authors who were among his favorites.
In an auction held by Christie's in April 2001, most of the collection Friedlaender had built up over the previous 30 years was put up for sale, totaling 559 lots. Among the items sold were Cicero's "De Officiis", printed in 1465 and one of the first classical works ever printed, sold for $666,000. An illuminated manuscript from Bohemia of St. Gregory's "Moralia in Job" from the 14th century that retained its original doeskin binding, sold for $248,000.
After the auction was held, Friedlaender would repurchase some of the items on the open market. The managing director of the London bookshop Bernard Quaritch said that Friedlaender would look at these items as lost children and say "I’m going to take them back and give them a proper home" before repurchasing them.
In addition to his membership in the Grolier Club, Friedlaender helped fund libraries and book projects, including his efforts to finance a 3,000-page catalog of the incunabula at the University of Oxford's Bodleian Library, for which he was awarded its Bodley Medal in 2005.
Personal.
He married Ernestine Fried in 1944. His wife was president of the Women's City Club of New York from 1975 to 1981 and served on numerous mayoral housing committees.
He died at age 95 on November 25, 2008 in Yarmouth, Maine. He was survived by two daughters. and a granddaughter

</doc>
<doc id="20509432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509432" title="William Eerdmans">
William Eerdmans

William Bernard Eerdmans (4 November 1882, Bolsward –April 1966, Grand Rapids, Michigan) was a Dutch American publisher known for the William B. Eerdmans Publishing Company.
Eerdmans was born "Wiltje Eerdmans", the son of Dirkje Pars and the textile manufacturer Bernardus Dirk Eerdmans. He immigrated to the United States in 1902, heading for Grand Rapids, Michigan, a center of 19th century Dutch immigration and Calvinism. In 1911 with his partner, Brant Sevensma, Eerdmans formed the Eerdmans-Sevensma book dealership, specializing in theological textbooks. In 1915, Sevensma left, and Eerdmans continued as sole owner of the renamed William B. Eerdmans Publishing Company.
Over his career Eerdmans published books by authors including
C. S. Lewis, Karl Barth, Richard J. Neuhaus, Nicholas Wolterstorff, Richard Mouw, Martin Marty, Rowan Williams, Joan Chittister, Dorothy Day, and many others.
After his death in 1966, he was succeeded by his son, William B. Eerdmans Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="20509446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509446" title="Phill Drobnick">
Phill Drobnick

Phill Drobnick (born October 8, 1980 in Virginia, Minnesota) is an American curler who has been involved with curling since 1986. 
Drobnick started coaching the Chris Plys junior rink in the fall of 2006. Since then, Drobnick has coached the team through two Minnesota State junior Championships (2007 & 2008), two United States Junior Championships, and two World Junior Curling Championships [http://www.teamplys.com]. In 2008, they won the World Junior Championships in Ostersund, Sweden, which was the first win for the United States in 24 years. On his own, Drobnick won the Minnesota State junior Championship in both, 2000 and 2003, allowing him to advance to the United States Junior National Championships. In 2000, Drobnick won the gold medal and advanced to the World Junior Championships in Geising, Germany, where he finished 5th. Also, in 2002, Phill received bronze at the United States Olympic Curling Trials.
References.
http://www.teamusacurling2010.com/COACH.html Team USA Curling 2010
http://www.usacurl.org/curlingrocks//index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=61&Itemid=39 USA Curling Bio

</doc>
<doc id="20509462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509462" title="Knox United Methodist Church">
Knox United Methodist Church

Knox United Methodist Church is known to be the first Filipino United Methodist Church in the Philippines located along Rizal Avenue in Sta. Cruz, Manila.
History.
The first Protestant worship service in the Philippines was held in Manila on August 28, 1898, officiated by Rev. George C. Stull, a Methodist chaplain and a member of the Montana Annual Conference. American and Filipino soldiers attended said service. On March 1899, Bishop James M. Thoburn visited Manila and organized a Methodist group into a charge affiliated with the Singapore District of the Malaysia Mission Conference.
Early years. Formerly known as the Knox Memorial Church, the church evolved into two worshiping congregations, the English congregation under Arthur Prautch and the Spanish congregation under Nicolas V. Zamora.
Knox UMC was also the first permanent Methodist structure built in the Philippines. The Philippine government donated large parcel of land at Calle Cervantes (Rizal Avenue) in Manila where a small chapel was built, known as the Cervantes Methodist Church. In 1906, a large permanent church structure was built under the supervision of Reverend M.A. Rader, the same site where Knox UMC presently stands. The church was first named as "First Methodist Church", and the original cornerstone bears its name. It was changed to Knox Memorial Methodist Church, named after Henry Knox who spearheaded the church construction and donated $15,000.
World War II. Knox remained a Filipino Church, not until the liberation of Manila in 1945 between the Allied and Japanese troops. The Central United Methodist Church was totally destroyed by the war and its congregation was transferred to Knox that formed the Knox-Central Church. During this time, the English service congregation grew rapidly. In 1949 Central UMC was re-established at its original site in T.M. Kalaw Street, Manila.
Another milestone. The second half of the 20th century marked as striking increase in Knox UMC's membership. Thus, this required a bigger space for worship. In 1948, plans were made for its reconstruction and the main sanctuary was completed first in 1953. Reconstruction underwent several phases because new facilities were added (especially for Sunday School), which was completed in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20509471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509471" title="Donacia">
Donacia

Donacia is a large genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Donaciinae. Like other members of that subfamily, the beetles have long antennae. They are active and able to fly. Larvae feed on submerged portions of aquatic plants, such as water lilies, and breathe oxygen from plant vessels. Adults live on surface parts of the same plants.
Species in the genus include:

</doc>
<doc id="20509493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509493" title="Geronimo González Ibarra">
Geronimo González Ibarra

Geronimo González Ibarra (born December 17, 1963) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the National Action Party (PAN).
Political career.
González Ibarra worked in the private sector before becoming an active PAN member. González Ibarra has been an active PAN member since 1999. In December 2006, González Ibarra contested for the PAN nomination for State Deputy.

</doc>
<doc id="20509519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509519" title="Samuel Žbogar">
Samuel Žbogar

Samuel Žbogar (born 5 March 1962) is a Slovenian diplomat and politician who is the EU Special Representative in Kosovo. He served as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Slovenia between 2008 - 2012.
Biography.
He was born in Postojna, but spent his youth in Nova Gorica, where he finished the local grammar school, where he was a school mate of the former Prime Minister of Slovenia Borut Pahor. Žbogar graduated in international relations from the Faculty of Social Sciences of the University of Ljubljana. Besides Slovene, he is fluent in English, Italian, French, Croatian and Serbian.
In his 22 years as a diplomat, he has been included in all major political projects of Slovenian foreign policy. In 1993, he opened the Slovenian Embassy in Beijing, China, where he worked to 1995. Between 1997 and 2001, he was Deputy Ambassador to the United Nations and the Deputy of Slovenia's Permanent Representative to the UN Security Council during Slovenia's elected membership in 1998 and 1999. At the time, Slovenia's representative was Danilo Türk, who later served as President of Slovenia. Between 2001 and 2004, he was State Secretary at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the cabinets of Janez Drnovšek and Anton Rop. During this period, he supported the strengthening of the humanitarian aspect of foreign policy and led the project group for the preparation of Slovenia's Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe presidency. In 2004, he was appointed Ambassador to the United States. He was also a member of the EU membership negotiation group and the main negotiator for NATO membership. 
After returning from Washington, D.C. in October 2008, he became the Director of the Institute for Strategic Studies in Ljubljana. In November 2008, he was named Minister of Foreign Affairs in the centre-left government of Borut Pahor. In December 2011, Catherine Ashton, the European Union's (EU) High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, appointed Žbogar the head of the EU's office in Kosovo and as the special representative of the EU. This is the first Slovenian high-raking official in the European External Action Service (EEAS).

</doc>
<doc id="20509539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509539" title="Connie Conway">
Connie Conway

Connie Conway (born September 25, 1950) is a Republican politician from California. She is the minority leader in the California State Assembly. Prior to serving in the Assembly, Conway served as a Tulare County Supervisor from 2000 until 2008. Conway serves on the State Board of Directors for California Women Lead, a women's nonprofit, nonpartisan organization.
2008 election.
Conway entered the race to succeed termed out Bill Maze. In the primary, she faced two candidates, Rebecca Maze (wife of the incumbent) and Bob Smith, a retired sheriff's deputy.
Assembly Republican Leader.
Following her successful re-election to the State Assembly on November 2, 2010, Conway was elected by her Republican colleagues as the Assembly Republican Leader after a closed-door meeting of Assembly Republicans on November 4, 2010. Conway stated that outgoing Minority Leader Martin Garrick had voluntarily stepped down and she had been elected unanimously. Conway is the first woman to serve as GOP assembly leader since 1981.
Pre-Assembly political career.
Prior to serving in the Assembly, Assemblywoman Conway served on the Tulare County Board of Supervisors for 8 years. She chaired the Board in both 2005 and 2008. Assemblywoman Conway also chaired the California Partnership for the San Joaquin Valley, an appointment she received from the governor. The partnership works to improve the economy and quality of life in the San Joaquin Valley by making policy recommendations to the governor. In 2006, Assemblywoman Conway served as president of the California State Association of Counties, which represents California's 58 counties at the state and federal levels. She later became a director of the National Association of Counties, chaired its membership committee, and worked on its economic development committee.
Background.
Assemblywoman Conway attended but did not graduate from Fresno State University. Her father, John Conway also served on the Tulare County Board of Supervisors from 1981 until his death in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20509541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509541" title="List of Khmer entertainment companies">
List of Khmer entertainment companies

This is a list of notable companies and people of the Cambodian film and entertainment industry.
Companies.
Film and entertainment companies founded after the fall of Khmer Rouge include:
People.
Notable Cambodian film producers and directors include:

</doc>
<doc id="20509584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509584" title="List of Darkness viewpoint characters">
List of Darkness viewpoint characters

Harry Turtledove's the "Darkness" series is written in the third-person omniscient format from a large number of viewpoint characters. The first book, "Into the Darkness", lists 17 viewpoint characters from 10 nations. Several of these viewpoint characters are killed off as the series progresses and new ones appear to take their place. The viewpoint characters rarely meet, so while the viewpoint may jump several times among a like number of characters in a chapter there is generally a substantial amount of writing done between jumps.

</doc>
<doc id="20509589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509589" title="Rudolf Usinger">
Rudolf Usinger

Rudolf August Usinger (7 July 1835 – 31 May 1874) was a German historian born in Nienburg.
He studied history at the University of Göttingen, where he was a pupil of Georg Waitz (1813-1886). In 1863 he became a lecturer at Göttingen, and afterwards a professor of history at the Universities of Greifswald (from 1865) and Kiel (from 1868). Also, he was secretary of the Association for Schleswig-Holstein History. 
Usinger is credited with editing the first volume of Siegfried Hirsch's "Jahrbüchern des Deutschen Reichs unter Heinrich II" (Annals
of the German Empire under Henry II). Among his better known publications are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20509635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509635" title="Justice Walker">
Justice Walker

Justice Walker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20509642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509642" title="Sitona">
Sitona

Sitona is a large genus of weevils in the family Curculionidae native to the Nearctic and Palaearctic regions. Over 100 species have been described. "Sitona" is easily distinguished from related genera by flat, recumbent scales on the mandibles, by the absence of an oval scar on the mandibles, by short and broad rostrum with a deep, longitudinal, median groove, and by dense scales on the body. 
"Sitona" specialize on legumes, plants of the family Fabaceae. The larvae eat the root nodules and the adults eat the leaves. Several species of "Sitona" are important agricultural pests of legumes, especially in its native regions and introduced populations in South Africa, Australia and New Zealand.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="20509661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509661" title="Jeb Spaulding">
Jeb Spaulding

George B. "Jeb" Spaulding (born December 28, 1952, in Manchester, Massachusetts) is the former State Treasurer of Vermont and current Secretary of Administration under Vermont Governor Peter Shumlin. Spaulding served four terms as State Treasurer (2003–2011) and, in 2009, also served as President of the National Association of State Treasurers. Previously, Spaulding represented Washington County for eight terms (1985–2001) in the Vermont State Senate, where he chaired the Appropriations Committee, the Education Committee, the Joint Fiscal Committee and the Joint Committee on Administrative Rules.
Spaulding was the founder of radio station WNCS FM 104.7 in Montpelier and was a general partner in Precision Media, Inc. He also served as the Director of Career and Workforce Development at the Vermont Department of Education, and as Director of the Vermont Academy of Science and Technology at Vermont Technical College. He has been an adjunct professor of communications at Norwich University.
Spaulding considered running for Governor of Vermont in 2010, but opted instead to seek re-election to a fifth term as State Treasurer. Spaulding faced token opposition and won re-election with 90% of the vote.
On November 15, 2010, Gov.-Elect Peter Shumlin nominated Spaulding to be the incoming Secretary of Administration, the senior Cabinet position in the Executive Branch. He resigned his elective office in January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20509680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509680" title="Wallace, South Carolina">
Wallace, South Carolina

Wallace (also Kollock) is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in northwestern Marlboro County, South Carolina, United States. It lies at the intersection of U.S. Route 1 with SC 9 and SC 177, northwest of the city of Bennettsville, the county seat of Marlboro County. Its elevation is 151&feet (46 m). Although Wallace is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 29596; the ZCTA for ZIP code 29596 had a population of 2,606 at the 2000 census.

</doc>
<doc id="20509707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509707" title="Facing You">
Facing You

Facing You is the first album released on ECM by jazz pianist Keith Jarrett. It features Jarrett performing eight solo piano pieces recorded in the studio.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Michael G. Nastos awarded the album 4.5 stars stating "A remarkable effort that reveals more and more with each listen, this recording has stood the test of time, and is unquestionably a Top Three recording in Keith Jarrett's long and storied career.".
Personnel.
Keith Jarrett – piano

</doc>
<doc id="20509720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509720" title="Uncial 0275">
Uncial 0275

Uncial 0275 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek-Coptic uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 7th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Gospel of Matthew 5:25-26,29-30, on 1 parchment leaf (28 cm by 25 cm). Written in two columns per page, 12 lines per page, in uncial letters.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th century.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex probably is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it with hesitation in Category II. It was collated by A. Passoni in 1980. 
Location.
After discovering it was held in Cairo. Currently the codex is housed at the Trinity College (TCD PAP F 138) in Dublin. 

</doc>
<doc id="20509727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509727" title="Capitation fee">
Capitation fee

Capitation fees are fees or payments of a uniform amount charged per-person. In medicine, capitation is one mechanism to pay physicians, where in a fixed payment remitted at regular intervals to a medical provider by a managed care organization for an enrolled patient. In education, it is an additional fee collected to cover expenses not included in other fees such as tuition.
Capitation fees in India.
In the context of Indian law, a capitation fee refers to the collection of payment by educational bodies not advertised in the prospectus of the institution, usually in exchange for admission to the institution. The Prohibition of Unfair Practices in Technical Educational Institutions, Medical Institutions and Universities Bill, 2010 defines Capitation Fee as any amount (by whatever name called)—
behalf of any institution, or paid by any person in consideration for admitting
any person as student in such institution; and which is in excess of the fee
payable towards tuition fee and other fees and other charges declared by any
institution in its prospectus for admitting any person as student in such
institution; or
on behalf of any institution, or paid by any person in consideration for admitting
any person as a student in such institution.
In one aspect or point of view, the capitation fee comes as a surprise to the student at a time when the student may have forsaken admission deadlines at other institutions. Choosing not to pay may even lead to a form of extortion by withholding the degree. Parents often cough up money so that there is no ill bearing that affects their wards scores or standing. The fee might not be uniformly applied. The donation money is often not accounted, its usage and allocation are mismanaged and not reported to Income Tax. In such cases of malpractice, students over pay for sub-standard education. 
Capitation fees are generally seen as a main revenue generator in the private private institutions may charge, contending that admissions that cater to affordable sections of society somehow affects the overall number of students educated. The government also controls the seat allocation, number and ratio of management, payment and free seats. This limits the institutions' ability to raise money through tuition, leaving institutions in need for money. Collecting donations becomes a side effect of the government laws that disallow institutions from setting their fees. Some parents do genuinely donate to improve the infrastructure of their wards' college.
Arguments for and against capitation fees.
The practice of charging capitation fees by various institutions and universities has been subjected to criticism on various grounds. It has been often referred as ‘killing of merit’. In its emphatic judgement in the Mohini Jain V/s State of Karnataka case, Supreme Court declared that charging of capitation fee was arbitrary, unfair and therefore in violation of the fundamental right to equality contained in article 14 of the Constitution. The Prohibition of Unfair Practices in Technical Educational Institutions, Medical Institutions and Universities Bill, 2010 recognized capitation fee as a cognizable offence. On the other hand, various private colleges have defended capitation fee on the ground that it avails institutions with funds to re-invest in the institution which can be utilized for imparting quality education. V Raghunathan, former professor, IIM-Ahmedabad said “For engineering colleges in most states, the permitted fee for unaided private colleges is in the vicinity of Rs 30,000 per student per annum. Given that even most kindergarten schools charge a higher fee in the cities, one wonders exactly how the private institutions are expected to provide high quality technical education for this fee”
Controversies regarding capitation fees.
Various renowned and prestigious private schools and colleges across India have been found demanding capitation fee. It was found that sum of Rs 500,000 was allegedly paid by a student through a demand draft to Sri Venkateswara College of Engineering (SVCE), a private college located in Pennalur, Sriperumbudur near Chennai. The incident came into light through a surprise check drive initiated by the government in Tamil Nadu at 142 self-financing engineering colleges in the state. Another scam exposed by a popular news channel Times Now suggested that Information and Broadcasting Minister for State Jagathrakshakan was allegedly associated with the Shree Balaji Medical College in malpractices in admissions. The minister later denied having associated with the college. Jagathrakshakan said "I have never been the Chairman. Once I was a trustee. Before election I quit. I have absolutely no connection with the college or the trust.". In February 2002, students had filed a case against Mercedes Benz International School, a prestigious school in Pune for allegedly collecting 'capitation fees' under the guise of a building donation fund.
Legal implications.
The Prohibition of Unfair Practices in Technical Educational Institutions, Medical Institutions and Universities Bill, 2010 was introduced as a strict measure to bring about the transparency in the educational system regarding the fee structures and other crucial issues. Under The Prohibition of Unfair Practices in Technical Educational Institutions, Medical Institutions and Universities Bill, 2010 charging or accepting capitation fee is considered as violation of Provision 6 of the same bill which prohibits any institution from demanding or accepting capitation fee, directly or indirectly. If found guilty under this offense, the institution will be liable to a penalty which may extend to fifty lakh rupees and maximum imprisonment for three years. The bill however has been criticized by various private institutions essentially for restricting the autonomy of the institution in such matters. J Philip, President, Xavier Institute of Management Education, Bangalore and former director, IIM – Bangalore said, “The Bill promises to be beneficial. But it also runs the risk of curbing the autonomy and the freedom of institutions and challenge dynamic functioning. Again, it could be misused by students or anyone trying to settle scores.” 

</doc>
<doc id="20509745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509745" title="Central United Methodist Church (Manila)">
Central United Methodist Church (Manila)

Central United Methodist Church is the first Protestant church in the Philippines, located along T.M. Kalaw Street, Ermita, Manila. Founded on 5 March 1899 during the American Occupation, it was originally named Central Methodist Episcopal Church.
History.
The church's history is closely intertwined with that of Knox United Methodist Church mainly because the two churches were the result of Filipino-American ties during the surrender of Manila in 1898. Thereafter, the first Protestant worship service in the Philippines was held on 28 August 1898 and was officiated by Rev. George C. Stull, attended by both American soldiers and Filipino civilians.
During the Philippine-American War, the congregation separated itself from the American component, who transferred its services to the YMCA and was organised in 1899.
During the Liberation of Manila in 1945, the Central UMC was severely damaged and rendered unusable by the fighting between the combined Filipino and American troops and the Japanese Imperial forces. Its congregation reunited with Knox UMC until 1949, when Central UMC was rebuilt in its original site along T.M. Kalaw Street. 
Since then, membership of Central UMC has shifted rapidly from a predominantly American to a mixed Filipino and American demographic.
Location.
Central UMC is located in T.M. Kalaw Avenue corner Taft Avenue, Manila, in front of the office of the Department of Tourism.

</doc>
<doc id="20509759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509759" title="Swimming at the 1958 Asian Games">
Swimming at the 1958 Asian Games

Swimming was contested at the 1958 Asian Games in Metropolitan Indoor Swimming Pool, Tokyo, Japan from 28 to 31 May 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="20509764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509764" title="Shapes of Things (album)">
Shapes of Things (album)

Shapes of Things is a double LP compilation album of classic recordings from 1964-1966 of the English blues rock band The Yardbirds, released in 1977.
Track listing.
Side One
Introduction: Hamish Grimes
Side Two
Side Three
Side Four

</doc>
<doc id="20509789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509789" title="Zevgolateio, Arcadia">
Zevgolateio, Arcadia

Zevgolateio () is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Korythio, Arcadia, Greece. As of 2001, it had a population of 328 for the village, and 365 for the community, which includes the small village Parori. It is situated at the eastern edge of the plain of Tripoli, at about 650 m elevation. Zevgolateio is 2 km southeast of Pelagos, 3 km northwest of Steno and 6 km east of Tripoli.

</doc>
<doc id="20509793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509793" title="Paroria">
Paroria

Paroria may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20509844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509844" title="David Hyer">
David Hyer

David Burns Hyer was an American architect who practiced in Charleston, South Carolina and Orlando, Florida during the first half of the twentieth century, designing civic buildings in the Neoclassical Revival and Mediterranean Revival styles.
Biography.
David Burns Hyer was born on May 21, 1875, in Charleston SC, the youngest son of John Henry Hyer, Jr. and Elizabeth "Ella" Saphronia Zachary. Hyer served as a civil engineer at the Charleston Navy Yard and for many Southern railways, before opening his own private architectural practice in Charleston. Hyer’s Charleston office was located in the People's Building.
David Hyer married Sally Yeadon Mazyck, daughter of James Mazyck, in June 1904; they had four children: David B Hyer Jr., Yeadon Mazyek Hyer, Robert Payne Hyer and Helen Hyer
Active in Charleston (see partial list of works below) Hyer was a member of the South Carolina Chapter of the American Institute of Architects (AIA). By the early 1920s the Hyers established a home in Orlando. Hyer worked in association with Daytona and Winter Park architect John Arthur Rogers (father of architect James Gamble Rogers II); he also listed his architectural business in the Orlando city directories. As such, it was one of only 10 architectural firms listed in 1926, the others including: Frank L. Bodine, Fred E. Field, Murry S. King, Maurice E. Kressly, George E. Krug, Howard M. Reynolds, Frederick H. Trimble. Ryan and Roberts (Ida Annah Ryan and Isabel Roberts) and Percy P. Turner. It was one of 12 firms so listed in Orlando in 1927. During the 1920s Hyer maintained Orlando offices first in the Rose Building and later in the Phillips Block on South Orange Avenue.
Hyer's best and most visible Orlando work is the Grace Phillips Johnson Estate on Edgewater Drive. The grand Mediterranean Revival home is on a narrow isthmus between Lake Adair and Lake Concord, with sweeping views across Lake Concord to downtown Orlando. The house once had three murals by Florida artist Sam Stoltz, only one remains, a peacock.
James Gamble Rogers II managed David B. Hyer's Orlando office in 1934; by 1935 Hyer had moved back to Charleston permanently. Hyer continued to practice architecture in South Carolina as late as 1941. Hyer died on December 11, 1942, in Charleston, South Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="20509867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509867" title="Into the Darkness (novel)">
Into the Darkness (novel)

Into the Darkness (1999) is a fantasy novel by American writer Harry Turtledove, the first book in the "Darkness" series.
Plot summary.
War breaks out in Derlavai a generation or two after the Six Years war. Most of the countries that declare war on Algarve do so only half-heartedly, allowing the Algarvians to use that reluctancy to their advantage. The Algarvians split Forthweg with Unkerlant and then overrun Valmiera, Jelgava, and Sibiu, while Unkerlant wrests away part of Zuwayza. Lagoas joins the war when Sibiu is taken. The book ends when the Algarvians "get the drop on" the Unkerlanters in Forthweg (who were plotting to attack them first). Kuusamo, meanwhile, tries to seize Obuda from Gyongyos but fails. Yanina succeeds in gaining control of the Land of the Ice People.

</doc>
<doc id="20509901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509901" title="Phoezon">
Phoezon

Phoezon (Φοίζων) was an ancient settlement in Arcadia in Mantineia.
When Pausanias visited the area, where the ancient settlement was mentioned, it was founed after the village of Pelagos and around 30 stadia (20 km) from the Pelagous Drymos forest, when it was mentioned, it became famous for the Battle of Mantineia. After Phoezon had the tomb of Areithous.

</doc>
<doc id="20509939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509939" title="J. Random Hacker">
J. Random Hacker

In computer slang, J. Random Hacker is an arbitrary programmer (hacker).
"J. Random Hacker" is a popular placeholder name in a number of books and articles in programming. J. Random Hacker even authored a book about ease of malicious hacking, "Adventures of a Wi-Fi Pirate". Also, "J. Random Hacker" was a main developer of I2P software.
Over time, J. Random X has become a popular cliché, a snowclone, in computer lore, with more types of "random" (meaning "arbitrary") categories of people, such as "J. Random Newbie", J. Random User, or J. Random Luser.

</doc>
<doc id="20509942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509942" title="Darkness Descending">
Darkness Descending

Darkness Descending (2000) by Harry Turtledove, is the second book in the Darkness series.
Plot summary.
Algarve starts killing Kaunians as their advance toward Cottbus starts to stall, which both causes Kuusamo to enter the war and Unkerlant to start killing its own peasants for magical power, and the Algarvians are halted by mud, winter, Unkerlanter behemoths with snowshoes, and logistics. Tealdo is killed in Thalfang, just outside of Cottbus, and Unkerlant pushes back into the northwest corner of Grelz. Kaunians are herded into ghettos in Forthweg's cities and larger towns. Pekka's first "divergent" series is interrupted by the Algarvian magical blitz on Yliharma. Gyongyos attacks Unkerlant in the west and pushes through the mountains through which the border passes. Lagoas invades the Land of the Ice People.
NO

</doc>
<doc id="20509953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509953" title="John Najarian">
John Najarian

John S. Najarian (b. December 22, 1927) is a transplant surgeon and is Clinical Professor of Transplant Surgery at the University of Minnesota. Najarian is the father of the former professional NFL football player Pete Najarian and options trader Jon Najarain.

</doc>
<doc id="20509970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20509970" title="Tyrant's Blood">
Tyrant's Blood

"Tyrant's Blood" is the second novel of the "Valisar Trilogy" by Australian fantasy author Fiona McIntosh. Tyrant's Blood was published by HarperVoyager in 2009. The story will continue where "Royal Exile" left off, with King Leo's vengeance against the barbarian Loethar, to claim back his heritage. 

</doc>
<doc id="20510010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510010" title="Valisar Trilogy">
Valisar Trilogy

The Valisar Trilogy is a series of epic fantasybooks written by Australian author Fiona McIntosh. Starting with "Royal Exile" in 2008 and continuing with "A Tyrant's Blood" in 2008 and "King's Wrath" in 2010, McIntosh showed the world she is one of the leading authors in the genre. The series was published by HarperVoyager.

</doc>
<doc id="20510022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510022" title="Through the Darkness (novel)">
Through the Darkness (novel)

Through the Darkness (2001) by Harry Turtledove is the third book in the Darkness series.
Plot summary.
Algarve renews an assault in the south of Unkerlant toward the Mamming Hills, which is Unkerlant's source of cinnabar, leading to the mammoth Battle of Sulingen. Kaunian refugees begin showing up in Zuwayza, which takes them in; other Kaunians get away from a caravan in Valmiera and come to the attention of Skarnu and his friends (who had blown up the caravan to disrupt the Algarvians) or are set loose in a Lagoan raid on a camp in Valmiera. Leofsig is killed by Sidroc, who joins the Plegmund's Brigade. Istvan and his squad accidentally eat goat stew in a raid on a camp in Unkerlant's western forest and are purified by their captain. The Algarvians kill Kaunians in the Land of the Ice People in an attempt to use magic against the Lagoans, but the magic from the killed Kaunians slaughters the Algarvian army instead, and Algarve is forced to withdraw from the continent completely, leaving it to the Lagoans. The wear on the Algarvians is showing as they start to rely more on Sibians, Forthwegians, and the unreliable Yaninans to keep up the fight against Unkerlant. The Battle of Sulingen is won by the Unkerlanters that winter, with Trasone dying in the very last scene in the book. Algarve is on the way to losing the war. The Naantali Project starts, and the Kuusamans take Obuda.

</doc>
<doc id="20510035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510035" title="Tokyo City Nights">
Tokyo City Nights

Tokyo City Nights is a video game for WiiWare by Gameloft released on November 4, 2008 in Japan. 
The game involves players looking for job, social and romantic success in Tokyo, Japan. It is conceptually similar to Gameloft's other games in the "Nights" series such as ' and ', but features a manga art style.

</doc>
<doc id="20510036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510036" title="History of Canadian first ministers">
History of Canadian first ministers

This is a brief history of First Minister positions in Canada, which include the Prime Minister of Canada and thirteen Premiers of Canada's ten provinces and three territories.
Alberta.
In the unusual case of Alberta, the line of premiers can be divided into four unbroken "dynasties" of rule by four different parties, with no party ever taking power again after being defeated. The first party to govern the province was the Alberta Liberal Party from 1905 to 1921, encompassing three premiers. The second dynasty, also lasting three premierships, was of the United Farmers of Alberta, lasting from 1921 to 1935. The third, once again with three premiers, was the Social Credit Party of Alberta from 1935 to 1971. This dynasty included premier Ernest Manning, who governed the province for twenty-five years and is its longest-serving premier. The current dynasty, on its fourth premier, is that of the Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta, which has governed the province since 1971.
Manitoba.
Manitoba did not adopt a party system until 1888. Before that time, the premiership changed frequently, with five premierships in the first parliament alone. The only premier to serve a long term during this time was John Norquay, who held the office for nine years from 1878 to 1887. After the party system was adopted, the premiership alternated between the Manitoba Liberal Party and the Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba (originally just "Conservative") until 1969. Thenafter, it alternated between the New Democratic Party of Manitoba and the Progressive Conservatives. The longest serving premier of Manitoba was John Bracken, who held the office for twenty-one years from 1922 to 1943 and was a member of the Liberal Party, then calling itself the "Liberal-Progressive Party".
New Brunswick.
New Brunswick has replaced its premiers slightly more often than most other provinces, and is on its thirtieth premier since Confederation. New Brunswick did not have a party system until 1931, and all premiers before that date officially ran as independents. Nevertheless, there were several premiers who unofficially named a party alligance, especially in the later part of this era. The longest serving premier in this era was Andrew G. Blair, who governed for thirteen years from 1883 to 1896. Since the introduction of the party system, premiership has alternated back and forth several times between the Progressive Conservative Party of New Brunswick and the New Brunswick Liberal Association. The longest serving premier during this period was Conservative Richard Bennett Hatfield, who governed for seventeen years from 1970 to 1987.
Ontario.
Ontario has alternated between premiers from the Ontario Liberal Party and Ontario Progressive Conservative Party throughout its history, much like the federal level Liberals and Progressive Conservatives/Conservatives. Two premiers have been from other parties and served one term each: Ernest Drury of the United Farmers of Ontario in the 1920s and Bob Rae of the Ontario New Democratic Party in the early 1990s. Two premiers have served as premiers of coalition governments: its first premier John Sandfield Macdonald who led a hung parliament after the province's very first election, and David Peterson who led a joint Liberal-NDP coalition in the late 1980s. There are two occasions when one party has held power in Ontario for a considerable length of time, the Liberals for 25 years from 1871 to 1896, and the Conservatives for 42 years from 1943 to 1985. The province's longest-serving premier, Sir Oliver Mowat, was in office for 24 years, and during that time came into conflict with Sir John A. Macdonald several times over provincial rights. Mowat was usually victorious in these conflicts, and he was largely responsible for the present power held by provincial governments.
Prince Edward Island.
Prince Edward Island has alternated between premiers from the Prince Edward Island Liberal Party and the Prince Edward Island Progressive Conservative Party since before it joined Confederation in 1873. The longest streaks of power were each twenty years long when the Liberal Party governed from 1891 to 1911 and again from 1935 to 1955. Terms for individual premiers have been slightly shorter than for other provinces, with the average premier serving just over four years before being replaced. This is due to both an exchange of power between parties after elections and because of early retirements within governing parties. Only two premiers have sered for over ten years: Liberal Alexander B. Campbell 1966 to 1978 ad Progressive Conservative Pat Binns from 1996 to 2007.
Saskatchewan.
Saskatchewan has had premiers from five different parties and one coalition premier. Various premiers from the Saskatchewan Liberal Party governed from 1905 to 1944 with only one term interrupting the streak under the premiership of James T.M. Anderson, who led a coalition of Conservatives, Progressives, and independents. After the Liberal streak ended, premier Tommy Douglas governed as a member of the Saskatchewan Co-operative Commonwealth Federation. He was Saskatchewan's longest serving premier, being in power for seventeen years from 1944 to 1961 before moving to federal politics. Since 1961, the provinces has been governed by various premiers from the Liberal Party, the Progressive Conservative Party of Saskatchewan, the Saskatchewan New Democratic Party (a renamed CCF), and the Saskatchewan Party (a party consisting mostly of former Progressive Conservative members).

</doc>
<doc id="20510073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510073" title="Gravity-vacuum transit">
Gravity-vacuum transit

Gravity-vacuum transit (GVT) was a form of transportation developed by American inventor Lawrence Edwards in the early 1960s.
Origin.
The origin of this technology is Alfred Ely Beach in 1865. When the U.S. Department of Defense charged all contractors to contemplate what will sustain them if defense funding should taper off, Lockheed Management called for ideas from the troops. Over the long weekend following the assassination of U.S. President John F. Kennedy, Edwards sorted through industries and product lines, and focused on passenger railroads, which had lost their former popularity due to the speed of airplanes and the convenience of automobiles. He wondered if trains could travel at airplane speed and converge at city centers rather than at airports 20 miles away.
Clearly, such speed demands a nearly straight path, avoiding the jumble of city streets and buildings, and even the subways and utilities immediately underground. But just a little deeper, near-straight tunnels would be practical, even passing beneath rivers and bays alongside many major cities. This pointed to a design with each tunnel enclosing a pair of steel tubes for two-way traffic, each tube having been pumped out until the air pressure is below that experienced by modern passenger planes.
Drawing on the wisdom of technologists and urban planners, as well as lengthy visits to major libraries, Edwards progressively synthesized his system wherein trains nearly ten feet in diameter and with 500 – 1500 passengers would speed up to 250 mph (urban) and 400 mph (regional) through the tubes, protected from the weather and other hazards. The Regional Plan Association offered tips and encouragement, visualizing three major suburban lines passing through Manhattan, New York. It also published a map for Boston to Washington, D.C., with the Manhattan-to-Washington portion taking only 75 minutes, even with over 10 intermediate stops.
Specifics.
The key to this dramatic performance, validated in peer-reviewed professional papers, is the combined effect of vacuum and gravity. Leaving a station with full atmospheric pressure behind it but near-vacuum ahead, the train is subject to 75 tons of thrust, far exceeding what a locomotive can do at moderate speeds. Approaching the next station, the train is decelerated by a similar pressure differential, but in reverse. Passengers experience swift but acceptable acceleration/ deceleration, provided designers are careful not to make the steel cars too light.
There is no propulsive equipment on the train at all; instead, there are massive(but commercial-scale) vacuum pumps steadily pulling air out of the tubes and exhausting it outdoors. And their task is eased by the fact that the amount of air admitted to the tube to accelerate a train is only a little more than that pushed back into the atmosphere as the vehicle comes to a stop. The pumps make up the difference, and can do that while running at a constant rate. Stanford's Dr. Holt Ashley, while a national science executive in 1974, was asked about GVT and stated that it was "the most energy-efficient form of transportation we ever saw."
Unique features.
GVT has a powerful advantage not shared by airplanes or any form of transit that moves horizontally. Rolling down a moderate slope, for example 20%, there is robust acceleration that the passengers "don't feel at all". This can be superimposed on the pneumatic acceleration discussed above. Then with the maximum tunnel depth limited to about 1000 feet, gravity alone can add 100 mph to the train's speed at the midpoint of a three-mile segment, for an elapsed time of 1.5 minutes stop-to-stop without exceeding customary passenger-comfort limits. The essential feature of this phenomenon was recognized by a British engineer, Kearney, in about 1910; he wanted to apply it to streetcars but couldn't convince his peers and it was forgotten." Edwards read of it in the New York public library, adapted it for vastly higher speeds, and improvised ways to convince the skeptics.
This unique feature was further validated in a contract study by Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory and others.
End of the line.
Further study and lab tests of GVT were suggested, but these were not funded, and were a casualty of a general cutback in Federal funding for most forms of advanced rail transit in 1969. Edwards' company, Tube Transit Inc., closed its doors and he went on to pursue an aerial transit system, Project 21 Monobeam, which was first conceived as a local system to feed passengers to GVT.

</doc>
<doc id="20510092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510092" title="Brumer–Stark conjecture">
Brumer–Stark conjecture

The Brumer–Stark conjecture is a conjecture in algebraic number theory giving a rough generalization of both the analytic class number formula for Dedekind zeta functions, and also of Stickelberger's theorem about the factorization of Gauss sums. It is named after Armand Brumer and Harold Stark.
It arises as a special case (abelian and first-order) of Stark's conjecture, when the place that splits completely in the extension is finite. There are very few cases where the conjecture is known to be valid. Its importance arises, for instance, from its connection with Hilbert's twelfth problem.
Statement of the conjecture.
Let be an abelian extension of global fields, and let be a set of places of containing the Archimedean places and the prime ideals that ramify in . The -imprimitive equivariant Artin L-function is obtained from the usual equivariant Artin L-function by removing the Euler factors corresponding to the primes in from the Artin L-functions from which the equivariant function is built. It is a function on the complex numbers taking values in the complex group ring where is the Galois group of . It is analytic on the entire plane, excepting a lone simple pole at .
Let be the group of roots of unity in . The group acts on ; let be the annihilator of as a -module. An important theorem, first proved by C. L. Siegel and later independently by Takuro Shintani, states that is actually in . A deeper theorem, proved independently by Pierre Deligne and Ken Ribet, Daniel Barsky, and Pierette Cassou-Nogues, states that is in . In particular, is in , where is the cardinality of .
The ideal class group of is a -module. From the above discussion, we can let act on it. The Brumer–Stark conjecture says the following:
Brumer–Stark Conjecture. For each nonzero fractional ideal formula_1 of , there is an "anti-unit" such that
The first part of this conjecture is due to Armand Brumer, and Harold Stark originally suggested that the second condition might hold. The conjecture was first stated in published form by John Tate.
The term "anti-unit" refers to the condition that is required to be 1 for each Archimedean place .
Progress.
The Brumer Stark conjecture is known to be true for extensions where

</doc>
<doc id="20510101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510101" title="Rulers of the Darkness">
Rulers of the Darkness

Rulers of the Darkness (2002) by Harry Turtledove is the fourth book in the Darkness series.
Plot summary.
Talsu spends a few months in a Jelgavan jail, and coupled with Skarnu's adventures, makes it clear that many Valmierans and Jelgavans support Algarve. Algarvians strike at the Naantali Project, and killed Siuntio. Gyongyos loses more islands to Kuusamo and Istvan's unit is moved from Unkerlant to the island of Becsehely. Algarvians try to pinch off Unkerlanters in Durrwangen using everything they have, leading to the Battle of Durrwangen. Most surviving Kaunians in Forthweg now use Vanai's Forthwegian disguise, and Algarvians are unable to catch nearly as many as before. Algarvian progress in the summer against Durrwangen very slow, and Unkerlanters battle them to a standstill, then force them back into Grelz, ultimately overrunning the capital Herborn. Raniero, the puppet king of Grelz, is boiled in a pot by Swemmel. Sibiu liberated by Lagoas and Kuusamo, and Cornelu is poisoned by his wife, who is sentenced to beheading. Garivald finds his village and family annihilated by the fighting. Vanai ends up caught by the Algarvians.

</doc>
<doc id="20510115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510115" title="Luis Padilla Nervo">
Luis Padilla Nervo

Luis Padilla Nervo (August 19, 1894 in Zamora, Michoacan – September 9, 1985 in Mexico City) was a Mexican politician and diplomat. He was the first Mexican Ambassador at the United Nations, Minister of Foreign Affairsk and President of the Sixth Session of United Nations General Assembly.
Career.
He studied law at the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México. He also did postgraduate work at American, French, and British universities. Luis Padilla Nervo represented Mexico during the San Francisco Conference in 1945 and signed the United Nations Charter. In addition, he was the first Mexican Ambassador at the United Nations; in that position, he was a member of the United Nations Security Council. During the sixth session, he was president of the United Nations General Assembly.
Padilla Nervo was also ambassador to Paraguay, UNESCO, Costa Rica, and Denmark. In the Mexican public administration, he served in the Ministry of Interior, the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Labor. At the finish of his commission in the Permanent Mission of Mexico in United Nations, he was elected as judge of the International Court of Justice for the period 1964 to 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20510140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510140" title="Sara Pennypacker">
Sara Pennypacker

Sara Pennypacker (born in Massachusetts) is an author of children's literature. She has received many awards for her books including the Christopher Award for "Clementines's Letter" and the Golden Kite Award for "Pierre In Love".
She has written fourteen children's books, including Summer of the Gypsy Moths, and those in the "Clementine" and "Stuart"' series. Ms. Pennypacker travels widely to speak about literacy and to encourage reading and writing. She is the founder of the ShareOurBooks.org program which lends books provided by authors for community reads.

</doc>
<doc id="20510144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510144" title="Northern Utah">
Northern Utah

Northern Utah is the region in the state of Utah in the United States which runs along Wasatch Mountains (see Wasatch Front). The term Northern Utah refers specifically to the chain of cities running north to south from Logan to Provo with Kaysville and Farmington at the center.
Two distinct definitions of Northern Utah exist. The first is a geographical definition and the second is a cultural definition. 
Geographical Definition
The map of the state of Utah reveals the concentration of cities from Provo north. Northern Utah includes the more populated areas in the northern half of the state. This simple definition is the most widely accepted usage of the term Northern Utah. 
Cultural Definition
Cultures vary a great deal along the Wasatch Front, from Provo (the youngest city by average age in America) to Logan (one of the oldest cities by average age in America). Some have suggested that the Cache Valley region (the furthest northeast region of Utah) is more culturally similar to Southern Idaho or Western Wyoming than it is to other parts of Northern Utah. The cultural hotspot of Northern Utah is often considered to be Davis County, where most of the region's suburban residents reside. One might define cultural Northern Utah as the lifestyle of Davis County residents.

</doc>
<doc id="20510157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510157" title="Exotic Blend E.P.">
Exotic Blend E.P.

Exotic Blend is the first EP by the Quebec hard rock group GrimSkunk released in 1992. It features Uncle Costa from Blood Sausage on "Perestroïska". 

</doc>
<doc id="20510160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510160" title="Trinity (novel series)">
Trinity (novel series)

Trinity is a fantasy trilogy of novels first released in 2001 by Fiona McIntosh. The story centres around Torkyn Gynt and the fabled Trinity. The series was published by Voyager.

</doc>
<doc id="20510172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510172" title="Gyrinus">
Gyrinus

Gyrinus is a genus of small aquatic whirligig beetles in the family Gyrinidae native to the Palearctic (including Europe), the Near East, the Nearctic and North Africa. It contains the following species: 

</doc>
<doc id="20510174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510174" title="Jaws of Darkness">
Jaws of Darkness

Jaws of Darkness (2003) by Harry Turtledove is the fifth book in the Darkness series.
Plot summary.
"Habakkuk", a dragon carrier carved out of an iceberg, is introduced, with Leino serving on board her. Vanai has been thrown into Eoforwic's Kaunian Quarter, and later escapes during an Unkerlanter bombing raid, and is found by Ealstan who had disguised himself as an Algarvian. Krasta has sex with Valnu and Lurcanio in the same day and gets pregnant from one of them but is not sure which. Algarve invents "guided eggs". Istvan and his friends are captured on Becsehely by Kuusamans and taken to Obuda. Valmierans finally allowed to fight for Algarve as invasion looms and troop shortages worsen. Kuusamans and Lagoans fool the Algarvians by massing ships and troops on the strait across from Valmiera, and pretending to send a fleet eastward toward Gyongyos, but instead using the latter fleet to invade Jelgava. At this time, Unkerlant launches a massive offensive which sweeps the Algarvians out of northern Unkerlant and back into Forthweg to the Twegen River, while consolidating their hold on Grelz. The Eoforwic Uprising starts when Unkerlanter armies are well into Forthweg. Unkerlant launches major offensive against Zuwayza, forcing it to surrender with severe conditions, although it keeps its independence. Yanina switches over to Unkerlant's side as soon as the fighting crosses its borders. Sidroc's mixed regiment has to do a fighting retreat through Yanina. The Algarvians abandon and withdraw from Valmiera, enabling Skarnu to return home. Algarvians pushed out of most of Jelgava. Istvan's regiment sacrifices itself to vainly attack the Kuusaman occupation on Obuda, although Istvan and Kun escape by inducing diarrhea. Eoforwic Uprising suppressed by Algarvians, although Unkerlanters have not made more than a halfhearted attempt to cross the Twegen.

</doc>
<doc id="20510186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510186" title="Sadruddin Hashwani">
Sadruddin Hashwani

Sadruddin Hashwani is the Chairman of Hashoo Group (Established 1960). Today, ‘Hashoo Group’ is one of the most diversified industrial groups in Pakistan with interests across tourism, travel, real-estate development, pharmaceuticals, IT, and oil and gas. Also, the Hashoo Group of Companies has in its fold, as owners and operators, the Pearl Continental Hotels and Marriott Hotels brands with presence in all major cities of Pakistan and Ocean Pakistan Limited, a prestigious Oil and Gas exploration and production company. Today he is known to be the leading figures in hospitality industry around the world and has been honored with various awards including a gold medal for distinguished services for hospitality industry in Pakistan at World Tourism convention.
Marriott Islamabad.
Marriott too, belongs to Hashoo Group. When Hashoo Group started using the Marriott name it was one of the first times in the history of the corporation that they had given a franchise to a hotel that was not directly under their management control. An achievement for Hashoo group, indeed. Sadruddin Hashwani terms it as a matter of great satisfaction because when he met Bill Marriott he had never thought about the franchise. Then they sent their people to inspect these hotels before offering the franchise. As a matter of fact, the franchise agreement of the Marriott was made based on Hashwani’s hotel contract and drafted here in Pakistan. Today the format of franchise agreements has been initiated by the Hashoo Group and Sadruddin Hashwani is very satisfied that Marriott decided to recognize the product and lend it their name.
Press conference on situation in Pakistan.
While addressing a press conference in May 2011, after capturing of Osama Bin Laden from Pakistani city of Abbottabad, Sadrruddin Hashwani expressed his support for Pakistan and its institutions, particularly military and expressed confidence in abilities of Pakistanis.

</doc>
<doc id="20510214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510214" title="Activity-dependent plasticity">
Activity-dependent plasticity

A defining feature of the brain is its capacity to undergo changes based on activity-dependent functions, also called activity-dependent plasticity. Its ability to remodel itself forms the basis of the brain’s capacity to retain memories, improve motor function, and enhance comprehension and speech amongst other things. It is this trait to retain and form memories that is functionally linked to plasticity and therefore many of the functions individuals perform on a daily basis. This plasticity is the result of changed gene expression that occurs because of organized cellular mechanisms. 
The brain’s ability to adapt toward active functions has allowed humans to specialize in specific processes based on relative use and activity. For example, a right-handed person may perform any movement poorly with his/her left hand but continuous practice with the less dominant hand can make both hands just as able. Another example is if someone was born with a neurological disorder such as autism or had a stroke that resulted in a disorder, then they are capable of retrieving much of their lost function by practicing and “rewiring” the brain in order to incorporate these lost manners. Thanks to the pioneers within this field, many of these advances have become available to most people and many more will continue to arrive as new features of plasticity are discovered.
History.
During the first half of the 1900s, the word ‘plasticity’ was considered foul and directly and indirectly rejected throughout science. Many scientists found it hard to receive funding because nearly everyone unanimously supported the fact that the brain was fully developed at adulthood and specific regions were unable to change functions after the critical period. It was believed that each region of the brain had a set and specific function. Despite closed-mindedness and ignorance, several pioneers pushed the idea of plasticity through means of various experiments and research. There are others that helped to the current progress of activity-dependent plasticity but the following contributed very effective results and ideas early on.
Pioneers of activity-dependent plasticity.
The history of activity-dependent plasticity begins with Paul Bach y Rita. With conventional ideology being that the brain development is finalized upon adulthood, Bach y Rita designed several experiments in the late 1960s and 1970s that proved that the brain is capable of changing. These included a pivotal visual substitution method for blind people provided by tactile image projection in 1969. The basis behind this experiment was to take one sense and use it to detect another: in this case use the sense of touch on the tongue to visualize the surrounding. This experiment was years ahead of its time and lead to many questions and applications. A similar experiment was reported again by Bach y Rita in 1986 where vibrotactile stimulation were delivered to the index fingertips of naive blindfolded subjects. Even though the experiment did not yield great results, it supported the study and proposed further investigations. In 1998, his design was even further developed and tested again with a 49-point electrotactile stimulus array on the tongue. He found that five sighted adult subjects recognized shapes across all sizes 79.8% of the time, a remarkable finding that has led to the incorporation of the tongue electrotactile stimulus into cosmetically acceptable and practical designs for blind people. In later years, he has published a number of other articles including “Seeing with the brain” in 2003 where Bach y Rita addresses the plasticity of the brain relative to visual learning. Here, images are enhanced and perceived by other plastic mechanisms within the realm of information passing to the brain.
Another pioneer within the field of activity-dependent plasticity is Michael Merzenich, currently a professor in neuroscience at the University of California, San Francisco. He is considered an expert on brain plasticity and has a long list of achievements and contributions toward the field. One of his contributions includes mapping out and documenting the reorganization of cortical regions after alterations due to plasticity. While assessing the recorded changes in the primary somatosensory cortex of adult monkeys, he looked at several features of the data including how altered schedules of activity from the skin remap to cortical modeling and other factors that affect the representational remodeling of the brain. His findings within these studies have since been applied to youth development and children with language-based learning impairments. Through many studies involving adaptive training exercises on computer, he has successfully designed methods to improve their temporal processing skills. These adaptive measures include word-processing games and comprehension tests that involve multiple regions of the brain in order to answer. The results later translated into his development of the Fast Forword program in 1996, which aims to enhance cognitive skills of children between kindergarten and twelfth grade by focusing on developing “phonological awareness.” It has proven very successful at helping children with a variety of cognitive complications. In addition, it has led to in depth studies of specific complications such as autism and intellectual disability and the causes of them. Alongside a team of scientists, Merzenich helped to provide evidence that autism probes monochannel perception where a stronger stimulus-driven representation dominates behavior and weaker stimuli are practically ignored in comparison.
Structure of neuron.
Neurons are the basic functional unit of the brain and process and transmit information through signals. Many different types of neurons exist, such as sensory neurons, motor neurons, inter neurons, and sound neurons. Each respond to specific stimuli and send respective and appropriate chemical signals to other regions to distribute the information. The basic structure of a neuron is shown here on the right and consists of a nucleus that contains genetic information; the cell body, or the soma, that has dendritic branches that receive information; a long, thin axon that extends to the axon terminal; and an axon terminal where branching dendrites send information. The dendrites give and receive information through a small gap called a synapse. This component of the neuron contains a variety of chemical messengers and proteins that allow for the transmission of information. It is the variety of proteins and affect of the signal that fundamentally lead to the plasticity feature.
Structures and pathways involved.
Nearly every cortex and region within the brain is involved in its plasticity feature since most regions are capable of adopting other regions’ functions based on relative use and the “rewiring” of the topographic map. The reorganization of sensory and motor maps involves a variety of pathways and cellular structures related to relative activity. 
More important than structures and regions are the subunits involved in these changes: AMPA and NMDA receptors are capable of altering long and short-term potentiation between neurons. NMDA receptors can detect local activity due to activation and therefore modify signaling in the post-synaptic cell. The increased activity and coordination between pre- and post-synaptic receptors leads to more permanent changes and therefore result in changes in plasticity. Hebb’s postulate addresses this fact by stating that synaptic terminals are strengthened by correlated activity and will therefore sprout new branches. However, terminals that experience weakened and minimal activity will eventually lose their synaptic connection and deteriorate.
A major target of all molecular signaling is the inhibitory connections made by GABAergic neurons. These receptors exist at postsynaptic sites and along with the regulation of local inhibitory synapses have been found to be very sensitive to critical period alterations. Any alteration to the receptors leads to changed concentrations of calcium in the affected cells and can ultimately influence dendritic and axonal branching. This concentration change is the result of many kinases being activated, the byproduct of which may enhance specific gene expression.
Cell adhesion molecules (CAMs) are also important in plasticity as they help coordinate the signaling across the synapse. More specifically, integrins, which are receptors for extracellular matrix proteins and involved with CAMs, are explicitly incorporated in synapse maturation and memory formation. They play a crucial role in the feedback regulation of excitatory synaptic strength, or long-term potentiation (LTP), and help to control synaptic strength by regulating AMPA receptors, which result in quick, short synaptic currents. But, it is the metabotropic glutamate receptor 1 (mGlu1) that has been discovered to be required for activity-dependent synaptic plasticity in associative learning.
Activity-dependent plasticity is even seen in the primary visual cortex, a region of the brain that processes visual stimuli and is capable of modifying the experienced stimuli based on active sensing and arousal states. It is known that synaptic communication trends between excited and depressed states relative to the light/dark cycle. By experimentation on Long Evans rats, it was found that visual experience during vigilant states leads to increased responsiveness and plastic changes in the visual cortex. More so, depressed states were found to negatively alter the stimulus so the reaction was not as energetic. This experiment proves that even the visual cortex is capable of achieving activity-dependent plasticity as it is reliant on both visual exploration and the arousal state of the animal.
Role in learning.
Activity-dependent plasticity plays a very large role in learning and in the ability of understanding new things. It is responsible for helping to adapt an individual’s brain according to the relative amount of usage and functioning. In essence, it is the brain’s ability to retain and develop memories based on activity-driven changes of synaptic strength that allow stronger learning of information. It is thought to be the growing and adapting quality of dendritic spines that provide the basis for synaptic plasticity connected to learning and memory. Dendritic spines accomplish this by transforming synaptic input into neuronal output and also by helping to define the relationship between synapses.
In recent studies, a specific gene has also been identified as having a strong role in synapse growth and activity-dependent plasticity: the microRNA 132 gene (miR132). This gene is regulated by the cAMP response element-binding (CREB) protein pathway and is capable of enhancing dendritic growth when activated. The miR132 gene is another component that is responsible for the brain’s plasticity and helps to establish stronger connections between neurons.
Another plasticity-related gene involved in learning and memory is Arc/Arg3.1. The Arc gene is activity-regulated and the transcribed mRNA is localized to activated synaptic sites where the translated protein plays a role in AMPA receptor trafficking. Arc is a member of a class of proteins called immediate early genes that are rapidly transcribed in response to synaptic input. Of the estimated 30-40 genes that comprise the total neuronal IEG response, all are prototypical activity-dependent genes and a number have been implicated in learning and memory. For example, zif268, Arc, beta-activin, tPA, Homer, and COX-2 have all been implicated in long-term potentiation (LTP), a cellular correlate of learning and memory.
Mechanisms involved.
There are a variety of mechanisms in place and being discovered from activity-dependent plasticity that work together to help the brain overcome problems and better adapt to functions. These include LTP, long-term depression (LTD), synaptic elimination, neurogenesis, and synaptogenesis. The mechanisms of activity-dependent plasticity result in membrane depolarization and calcium influx, which in turn trigger cellular changes that affect synaptic connections and gene transcription. In essence, neuronal activity helps to regulate gene expression for dendritic branching and synapse development while mutations in activity-dependent transcription-related genes can lead to neurological disorders. Each of the studies’ findings aims to help proper development of the brain while improving a wide variety of tasks such as speech, movement, comprehension, and memory. More so, the findings better explain the development induced by plasticity.
It is known that during postnatal life a critical step to nervous system development is synapse elimination. The changes in synaptic connections and strength are results from LTP and LTD and are strongly regulated by the release of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), an activity-dependent synapse-development protein. In addition to BDNF, Nogo-66 receptors, and more specifically NgR1, are also involved in the development and regulation of neuronal structure. Damage to this receptor leads to pointless LTP and attenuation of LTD. Both situations imply that NgR1 is a regulator of synaptic plasticity. From experiments, it has been found that stimulation inducing LTD leads to a reduction in synaptic strength and loss of connections but, when coupled simultaneously with low-frequency stimulation, helps the restructuring of synaptic contacts. The implications of this finding include helping people with receptor damage and providing insight into the mechanism behind LTP.
Another mechanism that gives rise to activity-dependent plasticity includes the excitatory corticostriatal pathway that allows for the storage of adaptive motor behaviors. This pathway is also capable of adhering to long-lasting synaptic changes. The change in synaptic strength is responsible for motor learning and is dependent on the simultaneous activation of glutamatergic corticostriatal and dopaminergic nigrostriatal pathways. These are the very pathways that are affected in Parkinson's disease and the degeneration of synapses within this disorder may be responsible for the loss of cognitive abilities. Therefore, the impairment of DA/ACh-dependent learning can lead to the storage of inessential memories.
Relationship to behavior.
Intellectual disability.
Since plasticity is such a functional and necessary component of the brain, its proper functioning is necessary for healthy living since it accounts for brain construction/repair and storage. Mutations within any of the genes associated with activity-dependent plasticity have been found to positively correlate with various degrees of intellectual disability. The two types of intellectual disability related to plasticity depend on dysfunctional neuronal development or alterations in molecular mechanisms involved in synaptic organization. Complications within either of these types can greatly reduce brain function and more importantly brain capability and comprehension.
Stroke rehabilitation.
On the other hand, people with such conditions have the capacity to recover some degree of their lost abilities through continued challenges and use. A great example of this can be seen within Norman Doidge’s ‘The Brain That Changes Itself.’ Bach y Rita’s father suffered from a disabling stroke that left the 65-year-old man half-paralyzed and unable to speak. After one year of crawling and unusual therapy tactics including playing basic children’s games and washing pots, his father’s rehabilitation was nearly complete and he went back to his role as a professor at City College in New York. The remarkable recovery from a stroke proves that even someone with abnormal behavior and severe medical complications can recover nearly all of the normal functions by much practice and perseverance: thus the message behind activity-dependent plasticity.
Recent studies have reported that a specific gene, FMR1, is highly involved in activity-dependent plasticity and Fragile X syndrome (FraX) is the result of this gene’s loss of function. FMR1 produces FMRP, which mediates activity-dependent control of synaptic structure. The loss or absence of this gene almost certainly leads to both autism and intellectual disability. Dr. Gatto has found that early introduction of the product FMRP results in nearly complete restructuring of the synapses. This method is not as effective, though, when introduced into a mature subject and only partially accommodates for the losses of FMR1. The discovery of this gene provides a possible location for intervention for young children with these abnormalities as this gene and its product act early to construct synaptic architecture.
Stress.
A common issue amongst most people in the United States is high levels of stress and also disorders associated with continuous stress. Many regions of the brain are very sensitive to stress and can be damaged with extended exposure. More importantly, many of the mechanisms involved with increased memory retention, comprehension, and adaptation is the result of LTP and LTD, two activity-dependent plasticity mechanisms that stress can directly suppress. Several experiments have been conducted in order to discover the specific mechanisms for this suppression and also possible intervention methods. Dr. Li and several others have actually identified the TRPV1 channel as a target to facilitate LTP and suppress LTD, therefore helping to protect the feature of synaptic plasticity and retention of memory from the effects of stress.
Future studies.
The future studies and questions for activity-dependent plasticity are nearly endless because the implications of the findings will enable many treatments. Despite many gains within the field, there are a wide variety of disorders that further understanding would help treat and perhaps cure. These include autism, different severities of intellectual disability, schizophrenia, Parkinson’s Disease, stress, and stroke victims. In addition to a better understanding of the various disorders, neurologists should and will look at the plasticity incurred by the immune system, as it will provide great insight into diseases and also give the basis of new immune-centered therapeutics. A better perspective of the cellular mechanisms that regulate neuronal morphology is the next step to discovering new treatments for learning and memory pathological conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="20510241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510241" title="International Hip Swing">
International Hip Swing

International Hip Swing is a compilation CD released by the label K Records in 1993.
"International Hip Swing" gathered together a selection of recordings previously released in the series of vinyl 7" EPs entitled "International Pop Underground".
Track listing.
The album contains the following twenty songs:

</doc>
<doc id="20510274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510274" title="Florida Knowledge Network">
Florida Knowledge Network

The Florida Knowledge Network (FKN) was an educational television state network operated by the Florida Department of Education. The channel was seen statewide via the digital subchannels of most Florida Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) member stations and nationwide on the AMC 3 satellite FTA (Ku band, Transponder 18).
FKN was seen weekdays from 6AM to 6PM ET (sometimes to 7PM for special faculty programming), with no broadcasts on public holidays. On most stations, The Florida Channel was seen when FKN is not broadcast.
FKN broadcast instructional programming for use by grade school classes, produced by the Florida DOE, as well as programming contributed by PBS member stations, county school boards, the Annenberg Foundation and other outside sources. Programming could be seen live with the class, or taped for later viewing; block feeds of selected programs were regularly given during broadcast hours for the latter.
On July 1, 2011, the Florida Knowledge Network ceased operations, for reasons not given.
The channel is not to be confused with the Florida Education Channel, a similar statewide education channel produced by the Panhandle Area Educational Consortium.

</doc>
<doc id="20510300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510300" title="Percheron (series)">
Percheron (series)

Percheron is a fantasy trilogy first released in 2005 by Australian fantasy author Fiona McIntosh. The story takes place in the exotic "Percheron" where the gods are once again arising to do battle for the future. Thrust into the centre of this epic battle is Lazar, and his beloved Ana.
Works in the series.
"Odalisque" (2005).
After the old Zar dies, 15 year old Boaz takes power, however his mother is planning for her sons arrival to be disposed of while overseeing the assembly of a new harem. One of its number is Ana. Ana seeks freedom and tries to escape after witnessing a disturbing ritual.
"Emissary" (2006).
Ana is resigned to life in Percheron's harem and has only a veil to know the man she loves, Spur Lazar, is dead. Meanwhile she is being watched by Eunuch Salmeo and Valide Herezah, with Valide scheming her demise. The Demon Maliz has taken the identity of the Grand Vizier in order to stalk Iridor, the Goddess' accomplice and a war is starting with an enemy seeking a price for the death of their crown prince.
"Goddess" (2007).
In Percheron, Zar is preparing for the arrival of the Galinsean war fleet. Spur meanwhile is determined to travel back to the desert instead of taking part in delicate negotiations, where Ana is being held prisoner by fanatics.

</doc>
<doc id="20510323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510323" title="FRSAD">
FRSAD

Functional Requirements for Subject Authority Data, or FRSAD, previously known as Functional Requirements for Subject Authority Records, or FRSAR is a conceptual entity-relationship model currently being developed by a workgroup International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions (IFLA). It is a continuation of the work done on the FRBR model, further explaining how the Group 3 entities, that consists of "entities that serve as subjects of intellectual or artistic endeavor" (IFLA 1998), can be related and controlled within the bibliographic universe. The model is meant to ease global sharing and use of subject authority data.
The final draft of the report is to be presented in the spring of 2009 at the 75th IFLA General Conference and Council in Milan. 
The conceptual model.
Work.
Work is a "distinct intellectual or artistic creation (IFLA 1998). 
Thema.
Is anything that can be the subject of a work. This is the abstract idea of the aboutness of a given work. Thema is independent of language and disciplines(FRSAR 2007). 
Nomen.
Any alphanumeric, sound, visual, or any other symbol, sign or combination of symbols by which a thema is known, referred to or addressed (FRSAR 2007). A nomen can be any expression of a thema. Ideally there will exist an authority file with every possible subject/thema. This means that it should be possible to exchange subject authority data between systems. If a user looks up a specific subject in a catalog and wants to look in other places, he or she should not have to worry about translating the query, since the system would be able to recognize the underlying thema and automatically translate it into the relevant nomen. One way to understand this is to think about how a subject can be described in different ways. For example, if one looks at a work about the city Stockholm, the capital of Sweden, there are many ways to describe Stockholm. First, one must distinguish between the city Stockholm and the many other meanings of the word; for example, Stockholm is also the name of other cities, a record label, and a syndrome. When the thema is established in an authority file, it is possible to translate across systems. The nomen for Stockholm could be anything from "Stockholm", "Stockholm (City)", "Tukholma" - the Finnish spelling of Stockholm - or a range of Zip-codes, or the longitude and latitude, or a picture of the city, or a sound. FRSAR, if implemented, enables users to perform specific and precise subject searching across multiple systems.
Relationships.
Works and themas have a Many-to-many (data model) relationship, meaning that any work can have more than one subject, and any subject can be expressed in one or more works. The same is true for the relationship between thema and nomen. A thema can be expressed in many different ways and a nomen can express many different themas, all depending on the given system. Besides these relationships, the workgroup has so far identified several other thema-thema and nomen-nomen relationships. Two nomens can, for example, be said to have an equivalence relationship, if they both are appellations of the same thema.
User tasks.
The workgroup conducted two user studies in 2006 and 2007, and based on the results of these studies, four subject authority data user tasks were defined (2008 FRSAR News Report to IFLA):
Find: to find an entity (thema or nomen) or set of entities corresponding to stated criteria 
Identify: to identify an entity (thema or nomen) based on certain attributes / characteristics
Select: to select an entity (thema or nomen)
Explore: to explore any relationships between entities (thema or nomen), correlations to other subject vocabularies and structure of a subject domain

</doc>
<doc id="20510326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510326" title="Out of the Darkness (novel)">
Out of the Darkness (novel)

Out of the Darkness (2004) by Harry Turtledove is the sixth and final book in the Darkness series.
Plot summary.
Spinello is poisoned by Vanai. The southern front is in Yanina, which is in a bad position. The Unkerlanters use Yaninan forces as if they were penal battalions, while Algarvians start killing Yaninans for magical energy in retaliation for Yanina's switch to Unkerlant. In Jelgava, close to the Bratanu Mountains on the border with Algarve, Leino and Xavega are killed by an Algarvian magical trap. Puppet King Beornwulf installed in Forthweg, and Ealstan is drafted. Kuusamans and Lagoans occupy Valmiera. Unkerlanters push into Algarve, first on the southern front then the northern. Algarvians develop the superstick, first using it on Unkerlanters on the southern front. Ealstan in Unkerlanter army is having to reduce his own hometown, Gromheort, in which Algarvians were holed up. Algarvians come out with other desperate magics, some demonic, others new and unreliable, but appear to have given up killing Kaunians for the most part. Pekka destroys Becsehely in first test of divergent blast. Krasta has a baby boy, which she at first names Valnu (later Gainibu), but which turns out to be Lurcanio's; Merkela cuts all her hair off in punishment. Unkerlanters and Kuusamans meet at Torgavi on the Albi in the north of Algarve. Skarnu becomes marquis of Pavilosta. Lurcanio's army surrenders, followed by Gromheort. Ealstan is wounded, discharged from army, and stays in Gromheort with his family. Mezentio's palace falls, Algarve surrenders. Talsu released from prison (again) and expelled with his wife to Kuusamo. Lurcanio, who had been turned over to the Valmierans, is executed by firing squad. Ceorl is killed when he and Garivald escape from a mining camp. Garivald makes his way back to Obilot.

</doc>
<doc id="20510356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20510356" title="Queen Ann in Oz">
Queen Ann in Oz

Queen Ann in Oz is a 1993 children's novel written by Karyl Carlson and Eric Gjovaag, and illustrated by William Campbell and Irwin Terry. As its title incidates, the book is an entry in the large and growing literature on the Land of Oz, begun by L. Frank Baum and continued by many successors.
"Queen Ann in Oz" is a sequel to Baum's 1914 novel "Tik-Tok of Oz", and derives characters and plot elements from that book. The sequel occurs "several years" after the original story. Queen Ann Soforth of Oogaboo (the title character), the Shaggy Man, and Tik-Tok all re-appear; and Moretomore, a small orange dragon, is a hatchling of Quox, the big dragon in Baum's book.
Synopsis.
At home in Oogaboo, a tiny principality in the northwestern corner of Oz, Queen Ann is restless for a new adventure; she decides to search for her lost parents, King Jol Jemkiph Soforth and Queen Dede Soforth. Her attempt to re-muster her army is a total failure; but four enterprising children are eager to join her search party. They are a girl and three boys, Jody Buttons, Jo Musket, Jo Fountainpen, and Jo Dragon (with his pet Moretomore). Ann also writes to the Shaggy Man, inviting him to meet them on their way.
After receiving Ann's letter via mailbird, the Shaggy Man investigates the situation, but with limited success. Glinda's Great Book of Records is surprisingly unhelpful on the location of the missing royals. It follows their activities well enough, up to a point — then breaks off with a cryptic "forget it." Princess Ozma tries to find them in the Magic Picture, but it shows only a pink haze with the inscription "no data available."
Shaggy meets Ann and her party; they travel to Sand City, ruled by King Lysander and Queen Cassandra. (Puns and word play on "sand" flow freely.) A patch of quicksand speeds them on their way. They encounter the overly eager practitioners of Barberville, and spend an idyllic interval at the Friendly Forest.
Finally they reach a wall with a gate in it. The gate bears a strange warning:
The wall surrounds a fog-shrouded village. When the members of the party enter, they lose their memories. Moretomore is immune from the spell, because he carries with him a fragment of his natal eggshell, which prevents him from ever forgetting anything. The little dragon is desperate to help his companions, but doesn't know what to do. Ozma, however, has been monitoring the Shaggy Man's progress, as she told him she would; and she sends Tik-Tok to help. The mechanical man brings the search party members out of Forgetville. The searchers learn to counter the memory spell with forget-me-nots, and they draw the inhabitants out too — including the lost King and Queen of Oogaboo. They also seek to end the spell on the town.
They find and read the journal of Amnesia, the witch who cast the spell. They learn that they can bring the wall down with the "Ancient Traditional Wall Removal Method." Shaggy suspects that this is a reference to the story of Jericho. The searchers and townspeople re-enact the siege of Jericho; they march around the city seven times, Jo Musket plays his trumpet, and the multitude shouts at dawn. The wall falls and the spell is broken. Forgetville returns to being the town of Goldendale, as it was before.
Ozma arrives with breakfast; together, the characters piece out the story of how Goldendale lost its memory, a tale that involves Jo Jemkiph, the witch Amnesia, and the Love Magnet (from "The Road to Oz"). Ozma uses the Magic Belt to bring the former Amnesia, now Amy, from Butterfield, Kansas, where the Shaggy Man knew her and stole the Love Magnet from her (closing a story loop with Baum's original books). In the process, the Shaggy Man's true name is revealed: he's Shagrick Mann (but Ozma agrees to keep this knowledge secret).
Ann's reunion with her parents is a happy one. The people of Goldendale choose Jol Jemkiph and Dede Soforth as their rulers. Ann remains in power in Oogaboo.
Old-time religion.
The story of the siege of Jericho is told in the Old Testament of the Bible, primarily in the Book of Joshua, Chapter 6. Baum, however, was not a traditional Christian; to the contrary, he was skeptical of organized religion, and influenced by spiritualism and Theosophy. Biblical allusions and references are generally not found in Baum's work. In bringing the story of Jericho into "Queen Ann in Oz", Carlson and Gjovaag take the Oz mythos in an atypical direction.

</doc>
