<doc id="20333847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333847" title="The Naked Man (How I Met Your Mother)">
The Naked Man (How I Met Your Mother)

"The Naked Man" is the ninth episode in the fourth season of the television series "How I Met Your Mother" and 73rd overall. It aired on November 24, 2008.
Plot.
Ted ponders how long it will take to recover from being left at the altar by Stella, asking for advice from Lily, Marshall, Robin and Barney. He soon finds out himself as he begins to talk to a woman he always sees at the elevators at work, Vicky. Slowly they get to know one another, until Ted blurts out that he got left at the altar. He recovers and asks her out on a date, which she accepts.
Ted comes home later that day, passing by Robin talking on the phone outside. When he enters his apartment, he finds Mitch, Robin's blind date, sitting naked on the couch. After hearing from Lily that the blind date had been going badly, Ted returns and confronts Mitch again, who tells Ted about his "move", "The Naked Man": on a first date with no possibility of a second, one takes advantage of a distraction in order to strip and surprise one's date with nakedness in the hope of receiving sex by means of humor, pity or sheer spontaneity. Ted tells the gang about the move's effectiveness (Mitch assures him that it works "two out of three times, guaranteed"), but they don't believe it, thinking Robin may end up shooting Mitch instead. Taking the notion seriously, they storm back to Ted's apartment to find a makeshift "Do not disturb" sign hanging from the doorknob and realize Robin is indeed having sex with her horrific blind date.
Convinced that "The Naked Man" works, Barney believes it will revolutionize the one-night stand, much to the chagrin of Lily, who still believes Barney has feelings for Robin. Ted's still amazed that "The Naked Man" worked on Robin. Marshall calls her a slut, saying that the only reason to sleep with someone is true love (mostly because he was recently strong armed into reading "The Notebook" by the secretary's book club at work). Everyone disagrees, and Lily claims she can name at least 50 reasons to sleep with someone; everyone but Marshall helps make a list. Barney tries to convince Ted to do "The Naked Man" with Vicky on their upcoming date; later, he gets himself invited up to a girl's apartment and attempts "The Naked Man" himself. As Barney's getting ready, he calls Ted to let him know that he's going through with it. To his surprise, Ted is too, after Vicky was rude to a waiter and he realized that there was no future between them. After debating which pose to display themselves in, Ted finds a volume of Pablo Neruda's poetry in Vicky's apartment and decides to put his clothes back on. When he finds out that the book isn't even hers, he busts out "The Naked Man", while simultaneously Barney surprises his date, and Lily surprises Marshall.
Meanwhile, Robin calls Mitch for a second date and, despite not even knowing his surname, attempts out of sheer pride to discover some form of connection between them to justify her sleeping with him. Mitch calmly assures her that they have no connection, and tells Robin that he has been on the "Not-a-Slut Date" before with women who, like Robin, were called out by their friends for only sleeping with him because he was naked.
Back at the bar, Ted tells Lily and Marshall at the bar of his success with "The Naked Man", and they tell him that it worked out for them as well. Robin, still trying to defend herself, brings Mitch with her to the bar. Marshall takes back what he said, to Robin's relief, and she immediately loses her (faked) interest in Mitch, to "his" relief. Ted thanks Mitch for the move, saying it brought him back. Marshall decides to call Barney to see how it worked for him; the girl answers Barney's phone, and reveals that she was appalled by the move and angrily threw Barney out of her apartment naked. Mitch sagely observes that the technique worked "two out of three times". After Mitch leaves, Ted proposes a toast to his hero, "The Naked Man".
Meanwhile, Barney roams the streets naked trying to get home. He comes across some suits on a rack outside a store and is relieved, but upon closer inspection finds them to be of cheap quality, so he continues to roam naked.
Critical response.
Donna Bowman of "The A.V. Club" graded the episode "A-".
Cindy McLennan of Television Without Pity rated the episode with a grade "A-".
Michelle Zoromski of IGN gave the episode 8.5 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="20333857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333857" title="1989 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1989 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1989 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1989-1990. The Buckeyes compiled a 8–4 record, including the 1990 Hall of Fame Bowl in Tampa, Florida, where they lost 31–14 to the Auburn Tigers.

</doc>
<doc id="20333858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333858" title="The Matrix (album)">
The Matrix (album)

The Matrix is the self-titled debut album by the production group The Matrix, released on iTunes on January 27, 2009 as well as on audio CD. The album featured music written and produced by the group with vocals by Katy Perry and British singer Adam Longlands. 
Album information.
The album was recorded in 2004, when Katy Perry was 20 years old. In the October 2004 issue of Blender Magazine, they named Perry "The Next Big Thing!" The Matrix worked with the vocalist who contributed to the writing of the music and the lyrics for the songs. Despite the buzz about the album, The Matrix decided to cancel the album weeks before the album's due date. "Broken" was set to be its first single. In 2009, after the success of Perry's debut solo album "One of the Boys", The Matrix decided to release the album under their own record label, Let's Hear It Records. 
With lyrical differences, the song had previously been recorded in 2003, under the title "What Do You Do?", by Matrix produced sister act, The Troys. It was released in 2003 on Elektra as a promo single for an album that was eventually shelved, but was also included in the compilation album, "The Powerpuff Girls: Power Pop". Sara Paxton recorded "Take a Walk" in 2005 for the "Darcy's Wild Life" soundtrack. In 2006, "Live Before I Die", appeared on a bonus track version of Ashley Parker Angel's debut album "Soundtrack to Your Life". Ashley re-wrote the majority of the song. In 2007, a song from Skye Sweetnam's "Sound Soldier" album, titled "Boyhunter", which was produced by The Matrix surfaced. The song uses a slightly altered version of the music from the track "Damn". Ashley Tisdale re-recorded "Love Is Train" for her second album, "Guilty Pleasure", which was released as "Time's Up", a bonus track of the album. The album has since then been removed from the iTunes Store for reasons unknown. 

</doc>
<doc id="20333886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333886" title="Stanley Lake">
Stanley Lake

Stanley Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County, Idaho, United States, located at the base of the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately west of Stanley, readily accessed via a spur road from State Highway 21. The surface elevation of the lake is above sea level.
Stanley Lake is northeast of the base of the McGown Peak, and just south of the considerably smaller Elk Peak. The lake is downstream of Lady Lace Falls on Stanley Lake Creek; it drains into the main Salmon River via Stanley Lake Creek and Valley Creek.
Recreational facilities at the lake include three campgrounds with nightly fees, a day use area, a boat launch, and hiking trails.

</doc>
<doc id="20333892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333892" title="Hailstone, Utah">
Hailstone, Utah

Hailstone, Utah was a town in Wasatch County. It was submerged in 1995 by the waters of Jordanelle Reservoir along with Keetley, Utah.
Hailstone was located at the junction of US-40 and US-189, seven miles north of Heber.
Originally known as Elkhorn, Hailstone was homesteaded in 1864 by William Paret Hailstone, Ann Davis Hailstone, and others. The town was a base for mining, ranching, and logging.

</doc>
<doc id="20333912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333912" title="Gilean Douglas">
Gilean Douglas

Gillian (Gilean) Joan Douglas (February 1, 1900 - October 31, 1993) was a Canadian nature writer. While she was best known for her work as a poet, she was also an accomplished photo journalist, feminist, historian, and politician. Douglas' inspiration for her writing stemmed from her desire to be an independent woman in a patriarchal world. Her writings—her poems, articles, novels, and autobiographies—extend over a period of eighty years, including four marriages, ten years in the Cascade Mountains, and forty years on Cortes Island, British Columbia.
Life.
Early life.
Douglas was born on February 1, 1900 in Toronto, Canada into a wealthy family. She was the only child born to William Murray Douglas, a well-known lawyer in the Toronto area who was eventually appointed Queen's Counsel, and Eleanor (Nellie) Constance Coldham. Douglas attended private elementary school, took pride in her social background, and loved spending time in the outdoors. By age 5, she could already read, and by age 7, she was a regular contributor to a children’s column in the Toronto News She spent much of her childhood vacationing in England, Europe, Canada, and America with her parents. Her mother died suddenly when she was 7-years-old, and her father died from a heart attack when she was 16-years-old. In her early teenage years, she changed her name from Gillian to "Gilean"; she decided to avert away from her inherited life of privilege and began doing farm service as a part of the war effort. This is when Gilean really started taking interest in the natural world. At age 19, she moved back to Toronto, although its natural environment contributed to her thyroid problems, and began working as a news reporter. Earning a salary of $25.00/week, she also became an official news reporter and editor of the children’s page in the Toronto News. At this time, women did not have the right to vote and were overrepresented in fields of nursing and teaching. The First World War era instigated Douglas' interest in issues around gender inequality and women’s economic independence.
Marriage and Career.
Despite her newfound interest in feminist thought, Douglas married Cecil “Slim” Rhodes (who adopted her last name) on February 17, 1922. Douglas, who at this time went under the nickname "Bobs," and “Slim” travelled around the Midwestern United States, staying in various tourist camps. It was on this trip that Douglas began taking an interest in photography. Douglas' journal entries reveal that Slim deserted her in 1925, so she returned to Toronto and began travelling around the Great Lakes researching the shipping conditions of the big freighters. For the two years that she was a journalist in this area, she also travelled around northern Ontario to camp, canoe, hunt, and ski with friends. Douglas continued her writing career and got involved with the YWCA when she moved to Reno, Nevada in 1928. In July 1929, she remarried a man named Charles Norman Haldenby, who fled on their wedding night after “Slim” erratically showed up. Douglas' third marriage, to a chemical engineer, Eric Altherr, lasted 3 years, until both parties became involved with other people. She suffered her first and only miscarriage in 1934.
Douglas' thirties were prolific years for writing poetry, especially about love, unreciprocated love, rejection, and the problems with marriage; however, the start of the Second World War marked a time of financial distress for Douglas. She decided to move into a cabin on the Coquihalla River on the west coast of British Columbia. She continued to write, under the pseudonym "Grant Madison", with the inspiration for her writing stemming from being in the wilderness and working in her garden. Occasionally, she would travel to Vancouver to visit friends and conduct research and business; thus, she was not isolated in this small town. In 1939, Gilean purchased property in the Cascade Mountains. She began engaging in scientific observation studies of flowers, plants, animals, and geography in order to emphasize their aesthetic and spiritual value in her writing. Regrettably, in 1947, a fire destroyed her cabin, where she spent the seven happiest years of her life. Left with virtually nothing, Douglas was forced to move. She ended up on Keats Island, just northwest of Vancouver, met a man named Philip Major, whom she married on June 1, 1949, and bought property in Whaletown on Cortes Island. Her involvement with the Women’s Auxiliary to the Anglican Church, the Whaletown Community Club, and the Women’s Institute, which advocated for local improvement on women’s education, led to her separation and divorce from her fourth and final husband in the early 1950s. Douglas never had any children. Her new role as a weather observer for Environment Canada, along with her interest in conducting research on remote settlements of coastal British Columbia, forced her to step down from her administrative position with the Women’s Institute in 1960. From 1973-1978, she acted as the director of the Advistory Planning Commission and the Environmental Committee for the Comox-Strathcona Regional District; her role involved the regulation of land use (zoning, pollution and waste management, and transportation), the preservation of wetlands, and salmon habitat enhancement. For 31 years (1961–1992), Douglas had a column in the Victoria Daily Colonist called "Nature Rambles".
Later Life and Death.
Douglas struggled with a lifelong thyroid problem but refused surgery all through her life. In 1992, she became increasingly sick and was advised to sell her property on Cortes Island; however, she refused any offers on her cabin and at the same time, refused old age pension. In 1993, she was airlifted to the hospital in Campbell River but recovered and returned to her home on Cortes Island where she died, surrounded by friends and loved ones, on October 31, 1993.
Douglas and the Environment.
Douglas lived to be ninety-three and accomplished a lot as a journalist, a historian, a feminist, and a nature writer. The themes embedded in her writings and her photographs were fundamentally linked to her experiences with nature and the wilderness; her love for nature and her love for writing are thus intertwined. Douglas’ sense of place, home, and spirituality was essentially embedded in her natural surroundings—from the Cascade Mountains to Cortes Island. Like many other nature writers, Douglas maintained the duality of losing herself in the natural world in order to uncover a stronger sense of being. Throughout her life, she wrote about her connection with all things natural, including plants, animals, and geographical entities. Her writing conveys the notion that humans do not have ownership over the land but rather a responsibility to respect and care for it. Her central philosophy was that humans would be able to discover a sense of being and belonging if they balanced their needs with the needs of the natural world. Douglas was writing at a time when environmental concerns, including issues of preservation, restoration, and sustainability, were not heavily recognized or supported in society. She wanted to raise awareness about destructive land use, which was destroying the very environment that attracted other people to her home—in particular, Cortes Island. Douglas never wrote about her hardship and affliction of living in the wilderness; she was more so concerned with the future destruction of her environment. Her academic, recreational, and occupational positions—from a weather observer to a photojournalist to a wilds adventurer—were deeply involved with nature in some way or another. Her work with Environment Canada, the Comox-Strathcona Regional District, and the YWCA were efforts to motivate an environmental movement and instigate concern for the natural world. For a large part of her life, Douglas lived alone. She understood her solitude as something that could inspire love and devotion to nature—not only for herself, but for society as a whole.

</doc>
<doc id="20333915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333915" title="Miguel Angel Moyron">
Miguel Angel Moyron

Miguel Angel Moyron (born October 6, 1987 in Guadalajara) is a Mexican figure skater. He is the 2002 and 2005 Mexican national champion.

</doc>
<doc id="20333916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333916" title="Beaconhouse School System">
Beaconhouse School System

The Beaconhouse School System is one of the largest private school networks in the world. Established in November 1975 as the Les Anges Montessori Academy for toddlers, Beaconhouse has since grown into a global network of private schools, institutes, and universities, giving education to over 241,000 students from pre-school to post-graduation. Many of these students study at the group’s flagship network, the Beaconhouse School System, while others are enrolled at The Educators, a parallel school network operated by the group.
Beaconhouse School System has now grown into an international company with independent divisions in the following countries: Bangladesh, Indonesia, Malaysia, Oman, Pakistan, the Philippines, Thailand, the UAE and the United Kingdom. Its activities extend beyond education in some countries.
History.
Beaconhouse School System, southern region.
From its initial association in the 1980s with the Moray House School of Education in Scotland, to its teacher training programme initiated in 1993 in collaboration with the University of Bradford, Beaconhouse has organised in-service teacher training. Today, more than half its teachers have internationally recognised teaching certificates while the rest are enrolled in the permanent in-service programme. In addition, Beaconhouse sends senior academics to the UK annually to pursue master's degrees in education and professional development.
In 1996, the World Bank Group, through its private sector wing, the International Finance Corporation, entered into a financing arrangement with Beaconhouse aimed at the construction of new school campuses. This project represented the first time that the World Bank had extended its arms to the private education sector anywhere in the world. The student base of Beaconhouse continues to grow at 15% per year.
In September 2012, the founder and chairperson of the Beaconhouse Group, Mrs. Nasreen Mahmud Kasuri, received a Pakistan Women Power 100 award, an award that recognises the positive impact of influential women from the international Pakistani community.
Beaconhouse has held its School of Tomorrow conference every few years, starting in 2000. Its fourth edition, School of Tomorrow: Empowering Lifelong Learners, was held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia in November 2012 and was the first conference to be hosted overseas by a Pakistan-based organization.
The School of Tomorrow conferences feature renowned and inspirational academicians and thinkers from around the world and provide them with a platform to address the future of schools and learning from a global perspective.
School network.
Beaconhouse owns school companies and educational institutes around the world. Some of these are profiled below.
Pakistan.
The first Beaconhouse school, Les Anges Montessori Academy, opened in Lahore, Pakistan, in 1975. Today, Beaconhouse has established over 146 private schools in more than 30 cities across Pakistan. These institutions collectively provide preschool education, primary education, secondary education and preparation for the international General Certificate of Education (GCE) and local Secondary School Certificate (SSC) examinations.
Beaconhouse operates campuses for students of varying ages in the following Pakistani cities: Abbotabad, Bahawalpur, Faisalabad, Gujranwala, Gujrat, Hafizabad, Islamabad, Jhang, Jhelum, Karachi, Kharian, Lahore, Latifabad, Mandi Bahauddin, Mardan, Mirpur, Multan, Nowshera, Okara, Peshawar, Qasimabad, Quetta, Rahim Yar Khan, Rawalpindi, Sadiqabad, Sahiwal, Sargodha, Sheikhupura, Sialkot, Sukkur, and Wah Cantonment.
Beaconhouse has also helped fund or manage several other educational programs in Pakistan:
United Kingdom.
Headquartered in London, Beaconhouse Educational Services Limited, or BESL, was set up by Beaconhouse as a school management company. It also serves as a holding company for Beaconhouse schools in Asia and the Middle East. BESL manages the conceptualisation and construction of start-up schools, the acquisition of existing schools, and day-to-day school operations.
BESL’s driving force is to establish international quality benchmarks in all services offered at its schools. It currently owns and operates the following schools in the UK:
Malaysia.
The Beaconhouse School System was the first Pakistani education system to cross borders to Malaysia. Beaconhouse Malaysia Sdn Bhd was established in 2004 to operate schools in Malaysia.
Beaconhouse owns eleven schools in Malaysia, all of them in or around Kuala Lumpur. Of these, seven are preschools and four - Sekolah Sri Inai, Sri Lethia, Sri Murni and Beaconhouse-Newlands Kuala Lumpur - are primary and secondary schools. In particular, Sekolah Sri Inai was a major acquisition that put Beaconhouse on the educational landscape of Malaysia. Built on 2.5 acres of property 15 minutes from downtown Kuala Lumpur, Beaconhouse Sri Inai has recently undergone a major upgrading of facilities and infrastructure.
Philippines.
In late 2005, Beaconhouse acquired Dame Theresiana de Montealegre School, a private school based in Manila, Philippines, that offers English-medium education to over 200 students in an upper-middle income suburb of the city. Apart from a sizable enrolment from within the local population, Theresiana also benefits from Korean students whose families send them to Manila to learn English and Mandarin.
Beaconhouse acquired a second school, St Paul Learning Centre, in Cebu City, the second largest city in the Philippines. The school has been improved to meet the demands of a steadily increasing enrolment.
In early 2012, Beaconhouse entered into a partnership with the Angels in Heaven school in Cebuyao, Laguna, south of Manila. Divided over two campuses located close to each other, the school caters to students at kindergarten, elementary and high school level.
Thailand.
St George’s International School is a purpose-built school catering to the expatriate community in Bangkok. Built on a site close to the new Bangkok airport, St George’s caters to children aged 2 to 11, with plans to go up to senior school.
Indonesia.
In 2010 Beacaonhouse completed a strategic partnership with the SIS Group of Schools, comprising the popular Singapore International Schools (SIS) and its other national plus (private) schools. The Group has close to 3,000 students.
Bangladesh.
The first branch of Beaconhouse in Bangladesh commenced its first academic year in August 2006 and relocated from Gulshan to Banani, another prestigious neighbourhood in Dhaka. Beaconhouse expects its growth in Bangladesh to be driven largely by start-up schools, and is already in the process of establishing a second branch in another part of the capital.
Oman.
Beaconhouse established its first school in Muscat, Oman, in September 2006. This school has been established through Al-Kanz Education, a joint venture between Beaconhouse UK (which owns majority shares) and a local Omani group.
Beaconhouse is exploring opportunities in Bahrain, United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Qatar, and Saudi Arabia.
UAE.
In 2009 Beaconhouse acquired the Gulf Nursery in Sharjah and Palms Nursery in Dubai. The same year the Group also entered into a public–private partnership with the Abu Dhabi Education Council (ADEC) to improve the general performance of a cluster of government schools, with particular emphasis on ensuring significant improvement in students’ achievement in English, mathematics and science.
TBT Online.
Launched towards the end of 2011, The Beaconhouse Times Online is an interactive news portal that connects the Beaconhouse community, including parents, across 9 countries. A network of student and teacher correspondents provides campus news on a regular basis, facilitating the sharing of achievements of Beaconhouse students, teachers and staff members across the world. Features are regularly added on TBT Online including discussion forums, online competitions, student polls, upcoming events, videos, and educational features.
Other operations.
The Beaconhouse Group is involved in a number of activities that extend beyond education.

</doc>
<doc id="20333922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333922" title="Japanese recycling symbols">
Japanese recycling symbols

Japan has a system of recycling marks, , which indicate and classify recyclable materials.
They are similar to the resin identification codes, in that they have surrounding arrows, with text inside to indicate the type of material.
Rather than using the triangular recycling symbol for all materials, with differing text, the shape of the arrows also varies, which allows them to be distinguished at a glance. The marks themselves are sometimes known by shorthand names, such as .

</doc>
<doc id="20333926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333926" title="Let's Go (Trick Daddy song)">
Let's Go (Trick Daddy song)

"Let's Go" is the first single by American rapper Trick Daddy from his sixth studio album "". It features Twista and Lil Jon and was produced by Jim Jonsin and Bigg D. The song became a top ten, reaching #7 on the Billboard Hot 100, making it Trick Daddy's most successful single of his career. The song samples "Crazy Train" by Ozzy Osbourne. It was used in an extended trailer for the 2010 film "Megamind", in the trailer for the 2014 film "Neighbors", as well as being in the film "Stomp The Yard", released in 2007. 
A remix of the song that is completely produced by Lil Jon is featured on the bonus CD of Lil Jon & The Eastside Boyz's album "Crunk Juice". It is not to be confused with a song of the same name by Travis Barker, which also featured Twista & Lil Jon.

</doc>
<doc id="20333966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333966" title="Abel Silva">
Abel Silva

Abel Jorge Pereira da Silva (born 21 August 1969), sometimes known as just Abel, is a Portuguese retired footballer.
One of the players who scored (both editions combined) goals in Portugal's two consecutive U-20 World Cup triumphs, the right defender played for a total of ten clubs.
He started his career with Benfica, where he later worked as an assistant coach and a sport after amassing Primeira Liga totals of 142 games and two goals over the course of nine seasons.
Playing career.
In 1987, at the age of 18, Lisbon-born Abel was invited to play for S.L. Benfica's youth teams, where he performed well winning many youth awards, moving to the first team after just one season. He was on squad for Portugal when it won the 1989 FIFA World Youth Championship, scoring the opener in the final against Nigeria (2–0).
After an unspectacular first year, only playing one game (his debut came against S.C. Braga, on 2 April 1989, in a 1–0 win), Silva transferred to Académica de Coimbra in the second division on loan, where he was given his first real chance as a senior. His next stop was at F.C. Penafiel in the same predicament, where he started most of the year to help his team avoid top level relegation, ultimately netting his penultimate goal as a professional.
Abel experienced a final loan spell with C.S. Marítimo also in the main division, in the 1991–92 campaign, then returned to Benfica. In January 1995 he was finally released and joined Vitória Futebol Clube, where he remained until the end of the season.
Subsequently Silva represented F.C. Felgueiras, S.C. Campomaiorense, G.D. Estoril Praia, F.C. Alverca and Atlético Clube de Portugal – the latter in division three – with an average of about 20 appearances per year, before retiring from the game in June 2001 at nearly 32.
Coaching career.
In the 2004–05 season Abel took up coaching, being part of Giovanni Trappatoni's staff as the "Reds" put an end to an 11-year drought and won the national league.
After more assistant spells, with F.C. Famalicão and Al Nassr FC, he began his head coaching career in 2007, with lowly C.D. Portosantense. In 2011 he returned to Benfica, as scout.

</doc>
<doc id="20333975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333975" title="Lost and Found (2008 film)">
Lost and Found (2008 film)

Lost and Found () is a 2008 Chinese black comedy film and the third feature film directed by Ma Liwen. The film was based on the novel, "I am Liu Yuejin" by Liu Zhenyun and tells the story of a down-on-his-luck migrant cook who loses his life savings while in Beijing. The film is also known by the original Chinese title "I am Liu Yuejin". The novel was published a mere three months before the film was released.
The film received a domestic opening in China in January 2008 before making limited appearances at various film festivals and screening events.
"Lost and Found" stars Li Yixiang, as the main role of Liu Yuejin though the film also boasts several cameos by Chinese filmmakers including Chen Daming (the director of "Manhole") and Gao Qunshu (the director of "Tokyo Trial"). It was partially produced by the state-subsidized China Film Group.
Plot.
Liu Yuejin (Li Yixiang), is a migrant worker from Henan eking out and existence in Beijing as a cook at a construction site. One day, he is asked by his boss, Yan (Liu Xinyi) to help concoct a fake alibi for him regarding a potential scandal with an actress. Things take a turn for the worse however, when his reward along with the rest of his money is stolen. Also stolen is an IOU for ¥60,000 owed to a man who has taken Liu's wife. When the thief ends up breaking into the home of Yan and his wife (Chen Jin), he steals a disc full of compromising material. This brings down upon Liuy private investigators, mobsters, and others. Into this mess, Liu's son and girlfriend (Zhang Zhiwei and Wang Man) come asking for money...

</doc>
<doc id="20333976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333976" title="1987 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1987 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1987 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1987–1988. The Buckeyes compiled a 6–4–1 record.
Game notes.
Michigan.
Earle Bruce's final game as Ohio State head coach. 

</doc>
<doc id="20333979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333979" title="Chrysanthemum white rust">
Chrysanthemum white rust

Chrysanthemum white rust is a disease of plants caused by the fungus Puccinia horiana that infects species of the genus "Chrysanthemum".
Origin and Spread.
Chrysanthemum white rust was first identified in Japan, although it is now established throughout Asia, Europe, South America. It has been found in the United States, Australia, and New Zealand on several occasions, but early detection and eradication efforts have prevented the disease from becoming established in these countries.
Symptoms.
Plants infected by chrysanthemum white rust exhibit spots on the upper surfaces of leaves. These spots are initially pale-green to yellow in color and up to 5mm in diameter, but may turn brown as the tissue becomes necrotic. On the underside of the leaf, the spots develop into pink or white pustules that become prominent as the teliospores develop.

</doc>
<doc id="20333980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333980" title="The Once a Week Show">
The Once a Week Show

"The Once a Week Show with Dustin and Sinéad from Sinéad's House Where Dustin Likes to Hang" is an Irish television chat/comedy show, broadcast on RTÉ Two in 2007 and 2008. A successor to the more frequent "Dustin's Daily News", the show is hosted by Dustin the Turkey of "The Den", with his assistant Sinéad Ni Churnain as a co-host. The series is more or less exactly the same as the previous show only with a studio instead of a newsroom plus the reduced daily to weekly frequency of the show. One series was produced. It began on 8 September 2007.
Episodes.
1. Sinéad is said to be in Limerick preparing the stage for Dustin's Eurosong performance that night. 2. Dustin is said to be on a cruise to celebrate his Eurosong win.

</doc>
<doc id="20333985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20333985" title="Wilson School">
Wilson School

Wilson School may refer to:
or it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20334007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334007" title="Yaldah magazine">
Yaldah magazine

Yaldah magazine is a magazine that was published 10 times a year, but due to costs, they stopped producing the magazine altogether. There is a website that girls still write articles on. 
As of Spring 2013 "Yaldah" has almost 3000 subscribers worldwide in the US, Canada, England, Israel, Australia, Spain, China as well as other countries and an editorial board of 19 girls from all over the US and Canada.
History.
In 2004, Leah Caras (then Larson) published the first issue of "Yaldah" at the age of 13 as a way to connect Jewish girls around the world. The first issue of the magazine sold out and a year later they were printing two times the number of copies. The magazine became more and more widely known, and different types of publications, Jewish and non-Jewish, started requesting interviews and began to publish an enormous amount of articles. This helped spread the word about the magazine. 
Leah Larson could not do the entire magazine on her own, especially as she was beginning to have more personal responsibilities, and in 2005, Yaldah formed their first Editorial Board with 13 girls, whose jobs consisted of writers, illustrators, photographers, and Q&A editors. In 2006, another Editorial Board was formed, and the first Jewish Girls Retreat was attended by over 50 girls. 
Along with winning many other awards, in 2008, Leah Caras (Larson) won $100,000 as a first place Wells Fargo Someday Stories winner. Throughout this time, many advertising campaigns were launched including the Real Readers Campaign, 10Friends, Project 2010, and more. In 2009, Yaldah Media Inc. was founded, and its first two books were published. Today Yaldah is available in bookstores nationwide.
Yaldah Media Inc..
Yaldah has recently become Yaldah Media Inc. with a number of different divisions. Included in these are Jewish books (2 published and 1 on the way), a safe online forum, Jewish-Girls-Unite groups across the country, the Yaldah magazine, the summer and winter retreats, and much more.

</doc>
<doc id="20334047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334047" title="Reed Hansen">
Reed Hansen

Reed Hansen (born April 20, 1990) is a wakeskater who was born in Orlando, Florida. He currently resides in Groveland, Florida. He is sponsored by Fox Head, Ronix, Supra, WWC, Performance Ski and Surf, and Rockstar Energy. He is a 5 time WWA World Champion, 4 time Toe Jam Champion, 2 time Transworld Wake Wakeskater of the Year, and 2011 Alliance Wake Rider of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="20334049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334049" title="It Ain't Gonna Rain No Mo'">
It Ain't Gonna Rain No Mo'

"It Ain't Gonna Rain No Mo'" is the title of a song that is entirely the creation of the "Red-Headed Music Maker", guitarist and vocalist Wendell Woods Hall (1896–1969).. Hall's 1923 recording of the song was popular in Britain and sold in excess of two million copies. Additionally, it scored 20 weeks on the U.S. charts, six at number one.
Many antecedents exist from the 19th century. By the 1920s many variants were already extant in popular culture. Carl Sandburg suggests that the song goes back at least to the 1870s and includes verses in his "American Songbag (published 1927). This song is an excellent example of the folk tradition of transmission with local variants. Mr. Hall most likely codified what already existed and added original verses.
In popular culture.
This song may be known to modern audiences because featured at the end of a 7-minute black & white animated cartoon, issued by Pathe Studios in May 1930, the work of John Foster & Mannie Davis, titled "Noah Knew His Ark". Part of the song is sung in "The Plumber", a 1933 Oswald the Lucky Rabbit short.

</doc>
<doc id="20334051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334051" title="Eileanchelys">
Eileanchelys

Eileanchelys is an extinct genus of primitive turtle from the Middle Jurassic (Bathonian) period some 164 million years ago of Britain. Only one species is recorded, Eileanchelys waldmani. It is the best-represented turtle from the Middle Jurassic, because of the amount of specimens that can be assigned to it. The turtle is also one of the oldest turtles ever found to be aquatic, and might represent a milestone in turtle evolution.
Discovery and naming.
In 2009, two specimens from the National Museums of Scotland, Edinburgh, including NMS G 2004.31.15 and NMS G 2004.31.16a–f, were found to differ from other turtles from the area and age. It was decided that they represented a new genus and species, and were named "Eileanchelys waldmani" by Jérémy Anquetin and his colleagues. The specimen NMS G 2004.31.15 was designated as the holotype, and NMS G 2004.31.16a-f, the paratypes. NMS G 2004.31.16 includes at least five, and possibly six, different individuals, all in one block. The holotype of "Eileanchelys" is a partial skull. Both blocks were found in Cladach a'Ghlinne, Scotland.
Etymology.
"Eileanchelys waldmani" was named and described by Anquetin "et al." in 2009. The generic name, "eilean", comes from the Scottish Gaelic word for island, and "chelys", from the Greek word for turtle. The species was named in honour of Dr. Michael Waldman, co-discoverer of the Cladach a'Ghlinne locality (together with the late Prof. R. J. G. Savage) and the person responsible for introducing one of us (S.E.E.) to the site.
Description.
"Eileanchelys" is a small turtle, with an approximate carapace length of . The preserved carapaces of "Eileanchelys" are all slightly crushed, but show that they were lightly domed in real life. Therefore, the morphology of its shell was similar to "Kayentachelys". There is a fused connection of the carapace and plastron in "Eileanchelys". The connection is not found in "Heckerochelys", but is in "Kayentachelys".
Distinguishing characteristics.
"Eileanchelys" is characterized by the following features: the presence of nasal; elongated postorbital skull; absence of flooring of the cavum acustico-jugulare; processus interfenestralis of the opisthotic more slender than that of more basal forms but more robust than that of crown-group turtles; separate openings of the canalis cavernosum and canalis stapedio-temporalis present within the cavum acustico-jugulare; a reduced thickness of the basicranium floor comparable with that of crown-group turtles; well-developed antrum postoticum; flat and horizontal vomer that is free of contacts for most of its length except at its extremities and along a short suture with the prefrontal; absence of processus trochlearis oticum; posteroventrally open incisura columellae auris; at least eight neurals (an additional plate between neural 8 and suprapygal 1 may be a ninth neural or a supernumerary suprapygal), two broad suprapygals, and eight costals present; absence of carapacial or plastral fontanelle in adult individuals; one short but broad cervical scute present; vertebral scutes wider than pleurals; vertebral 3–4 sulcus on neural 6; reduced cleithrum present; arrow-shaped entoplastron that does not separate the epiplastra anteriorly; one pair of mesoplastra that meet medially; one small pair of extragulars present; and anal scute that does not reach the hypoplastron.
Classification.
"Eileanchelys" is a stable taxon, which means that its classification does not differ much in cladograms. It is related to both "Heckerochelys" and "Kayentachelys", although often it is found to be derived from the later. The below cladogram illustrates the relationships of basal testudinata:
Paleoecology.
Habitat.
"Eileanchelys" lived in the Kilmaluag Formation, which has a Late Bathonian age. The formation is made up entirely of mudstone, shale and some limestone, and, as many aquatic types of animals have been found in it and land vertebrates are rare, it was almost certainly marine. Therefore, "Eileanchelys" was most likely was a aquatic turtle, swimming throughout lagoons and lakes, rather than terrestrial animal that died in a body of water. It is therefore one of the oldest, and best known, extinct aquatic turtles, and might represent a new evolutionary stage of turtle.
Fauna.
"Eileanchelys" existed in the Kilmaluag Formation of the Great Estuarine Group. This formation has an abundance of tetrapod fauna, including salamanders; the choristodere "Cteniogenys" sp.; crocodilians; the lepidosauromorph "Marmoretta" sp.; various lizards; pterosaurs; dinosaurs; the synapsid "Stereognathus hebridicus"; and early mammals.

</doc>
<doc id="20334052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334052" title="Sara Falotico">
Sara Falotico

Sara Falotico (born 28 June 1984 in Seraing, Wallonia, Belgium) is a Belgian figure skater. She is the 2002, 2004, and 2005 Belgian national champion.
She competed three times at the World Figure Skating Championships, with a highest placement of 25, achieved in 2003; four times at the European Figure Skating Championships, with a highest placement of 21st in 2004; and four times at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships, with a highest placement of 21st in 2002 and 2003.
At the 2005 Karl Schäfer Memorial, the final qualifying competition for the 2006 Winter Olympics, she placed 8th, and did not qualify an entry for the Olympics for Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="20334055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334055" title="1986 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1986 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1986 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1986-1987. The Buckeyes compiled a 10–3 record, including the 1987 Cotton Bowl Classic in Dallas, Texas, where they won 28–12 against the Texas A&M Aggies.

</doc>
<doc id="20334066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334066" title="Paul Pridgeon">
Paul Pridgeon

Alan Paul Pridgeon (born 22 February 1954) is a former English cricketer who played first-class and List A cricket for Worcestershire, taking 530 first-class and 273 List A wickets for the county between the early 1970s and the late 1980s. He was capped by the county in 1980. He played football in the winters as a centre-half for Stourbridge F.C.
After playing club cricket first for Himley, then in the Birmingham League for Stourbridge, he was offered a trial by Worcestershire.
He made his first-class debut against Cambridge University at Fenner's in May 1972, though he had an unsuccessful match, taking no wickets and not batting in either innings.
He had to wait until the middle of July to play again, bowling Barry Dudleston of Leicestershire to claim the first wicket of his career.
Pridgeon was given only occasional opportunities for the next three seasons, but in 1976 things turned his way: Brian Brain and Keith Wilkinson left the club, while Jim Cumbes spent the summer in the United States playing football.
Pridgeon was rarely out of the first team during that famously hot summer. Indeed, his 1,200 deliveries in List A cricket were the most he sent down in any one season.
In late May he claimed what was to remain his career-best bowling return in taking 7/35 against Oxford University, three further successes in the second innings bringing him his only ten-wicket match haul.
He dropped out of the side after the first half of 1977, but returned to play a full part in the 1978 season. In late July of that year, he achieved his best bowling performance in a one-day match, taking 6/26 against Surrey in the John Player League.
At the time, this was the second-best return for Worcestershire in a List A game (behind Jack Flavell's 6/14 against Lancashire in 1963).
However, in 1979 he was once again mainly a Second XI player.
From 1980, when he was capped, until 1984 Pridgeon commanded a regular place in the Worcestershire side. In 1983 he took 72 first-class wickets, the most he would manage in a single summer; he also topped 50 in 1978, 1980, 1981, 1984 and 1986. In 1984 he made his one half-century, hitting 67 against Warwickshire.
However in 1985 his fortunes took a dramatic turn for the worse. Neal Radford had arrived from Lancashire, and he and Phil Newport were ahead of Pridgeon in the pecking order; he ended up playing just one first-class match (and that against Cambridge University) and no List A games at all.
Pridgeon bounced back in 1986 to play a full part in the season, but although he took a County Championship best of 7/44 against Leicestershire in 1987,
his appearances gradually diminished as his career began to wind down. He did, however, take part in the county's Championship-winning seasons of 1988 and 1989, and in 1988 he took 30 List A wickets, his most of any year. In 1989, his final season of first-class cricket, he was awarded a benefit season in the latter year, which raised £154,720.
On leaving Worcestershire, Pridgeon took up a coaching role at Shrewsbury School.
However, he continued to play cricket, turning out for Shropshire in 1991 and 1992. In June 1991 he made his sole List A appearance for them, playing (though taking no wickets) against Leicestershire in the NatWest Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="20334071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334071" title="Public water system">
Public water system

Public water system is a regulatory term used in the United States and Canada, referring to certain utilities and organizations providing drinking water.
United States.
The US Safe Drinking Water Act and derivative legislation define "public water system" as an entity that provides "water for human consumption through pipes or other constructed conveyances to at least 15 service connections or serves an average of at least 25 people for at least 60 days a year." The term "public" in "public water system" refers to the people drinking the water, not to the ownership of the system.
Some US states (e.g. New York) have varying definitions.
Over 286 million Americans get their tap water from a community water system. Eight percent of the community water systems—large municipal water systems—provide water to 82 percent of the US population.
Subcategorization.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has defined three types of public water systems:
There are approximately 155,000 public water systems. EPA reported that, for 2010:
EPA also classifies water systems according to the number of people they serve:
Water systems may be categorized by their source of water:
Water-related diseases and contaminants in public water systems.
Sources of drinking water are subject to contamination and require appropriate treatment to remove disease-causing contaminants. Contamination of drinking water supplies can occur in the source water as well as in the distribution system after water treatment has already occurred. There are many sources of water contamination, including naturally occurring chemicals and minerals (for example, arsenic, radon, uranium), local land use practices (application of fertilizers and pesticides; concentrated animal feeding operations), manufacturing processes, and sewer overflows or wastewater releases.
The presence of contaminants in water can lead to adverse health effects, including gastrointestinal illness, reproductive problems, and neurological disorders. Infants, young children, pregnant women, the elderly, and people whose immune systems are compromised because of AIDS, chemotherapy, or transplant medications, may be especially susceptible to illness from some contaminants.
The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention publishes a list of the leading causes of waterborne outbreaks in public water systems.
Canada.
The Canadian provinces of Manitoba and Nova Scotia also use this definition.

</doc>
<doc id="20334086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334086" title="Vipers (film)">
Vipers (film)

Vipers is a 2008 film directed by Bill Corcoran. It stars Tara Reid and Jonathan Scarfe. It premiered on the Syfy Channel on September 21, 2008, and was released on DVD on September 23, 2008. The name of the film was inspired by the Co/Ed softball team of the same name, playing games in the summer months throughout the Capital Region. It is the 12th film of the "Maneater Series". 
Plot.
There is a secret lab where scientifically-enhanced snakes are bred for their venoms—used to treat various diseases. One day, the snakes escape the lab and slither on over to nearby Eden Island, a secluded land of fishing tourism. The homeland security is notified and plans an air strike.

</doc>
<doc id="20334105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334105" title="Willem Muurling">
Willem Muurling

Willem Muurling (April 27, 1805, Bolsward - December 9, 1882, The Hague) was a Dutch theologian who was a native of Bolsward. He was father-in-law to theologian Abraham Kuenen (1828-1891).
He studied theology at Utrecht, and from 1832 to 1837 served as a pastor in Stiens. Afterwards he taught classes at the "Rijksatheneum" in Franeker, and in 1840 relocated to the University of Groningen, where he was a professor of theology.
Muurling was a prominent member of the so-called "Groningen School", a progressive movement within the Dutch Reformed Church. One of his better known publications was a textbook on practical theology titled "Practische Godgeleerdheid of beschouwing van de Evangeliebediening". Other written efforts by Muurling include:

</doc>
<doc id="20334120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334120" title="1985 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1985 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1985 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1985-1986. The Buckeyes compiled a 9–3 record, including the 1985 Florida Citrus Bowl in Orlando, Florida, where they won 10–7 against the Brigham Young Cougars.

</doc>
<doc id="20334123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334123" title="Shirley Breeden">
Shirley Breeden

Shirley Breeden is a Democratic member of the Nevada Senate, representing Clark County District 5 (map) since 2009. She won her first term in 2008, when she narrowly upset incumbent Republican Joe Heck. 
She was the plaintiff in the Supreme Court Case Clark County School Dist. v. Breeden.

</doc>
<doc id="20334125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334125" title="Guy Rainville">
Guy Rainville

Guy Rainville (born 1963 in Chibougamau, Quebec) is a Canadian politician who was the leader of the Green Party of Quebec from 2008 to 2010. He was selected as the party's leader on March 29, 2008, defeating incumbent leader Scott McKay. In the Quebec provincial election of 2008, the party lost more than half of its votes from the 2007 election after running only 80 candidates (down from the previous year's 108). The party dropped from fourth to fifth most popular political party in Quebec, being eclipsed by Quebec solidaire.
Rainville was replaced by Claude Sabourin on November 20, 2010 after deciding not to run for a second two-year term as leader.
Rainville is a geothermal energy consultant in Saint-Eustache.

</doc>
<doc id="20334126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334126" title="Manor Park Railway Station, New Zealand">
Manor Park Railway Station, New Zealand

Manor Park Railway Station is an island platform urban railway station in Manor Park, a suburb of the city of Lower Hutt in the Wellington region of New Zealand's North Island. It is on the Hutt Valley Line section of the Wairarapa Line. This station is served by Tranz Metro's electric multiple unit trains.
In 1954 the Hutt Valley Branch became the main line, and the Melling-Haywards section was closed. A new station was erected at Haywards (now called Manor Park) where the new line from Pomare joined the existing line north. The old Haywards Railway Station station had been opened (with Belmont Railway Station) on 15 December 1875.

</doc>
<doc id="20334131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334131" title="Lamellorthoceratidae">
Lamellorthoceratidae

The Lamellorthoceratidae are a family of fossil nautiloids in the Orthocerida, defined by Curt Teichert in 1961. The lamellorthoceratids are placed in the superfamily Orthocerataceae in the "Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology" (Walter Sweet, 1964).
The "Lamellorthoceratidae" are distinguished by cameral deposits consisting of simple or bifurcating epispetal, or rarely hyposeptal lamellae, set radially with respect to the siphuncle; often filling the entire posterior part of the shell. Lamellorthoceratid shells are straight or slightly endogastric with a slender, cylindrical subcentral orthochoanitic siphuncle, free or organic deposits.
The "Lamellorthoceratidae" are known from the Lower and Middle Devonian and possibly from the Lower Carboniferous, and is represented by three genera.
Genera of the Lamellorthoceratidae.
Lamellorthoceras, a lamellorthoceriatic from the lower and middle Devonian of North Africa (Algeria, Morocco) characterized by radial lamellae that tend to be wavy, twisted, or to have bifurcating inner edges. All chambes may be filled. Otherwise the genus is similar to "Arthrophyllum" (below). Lamellorthoceras was named and described by Termier & Termier in 1950.
Arthrophyllum (not the plant). Slender, gradually expanding orthocones or faintly endogastic longicones, the surfaces of which are covered with close spaced sinuous transverse crenulations that form broad dorsal and vental salients and lateral sinuses. Septa are shallow, sutures straight and transverse. Camerae contain episeptal deposits formed by longitudinal lamellae that radiate inwardly from the chamber walls and increase in bulk adapically so as to completely fill the entire apical chambers.
"Arthrophyllum" was named and described by Beyrich in 1850 and is known from the Lower Devonian of Europe (France, Germany, Turkey). Tentative specimens are known from the Lower Carboniferous.
Gorgonoceras. Similar to "Arthrophyllum" except that the surface has faint longitudinal ribs, the eccentric siphuncle has a continuous endsiphuncular lining on the ventral side, and there is a ventral lamella that is much thicker than the other. "Gorgonoceras" is known from the Middle Devonian of the Sverlovsk district in Russia and was named and described by Zhuravleva in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="20334134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334134" title="7-10 Split (film)">
7-10 Split (film)

7-10 Split is a 2007 American film starring Ross Patterson, Tara Reid, and Vinnie Jones. It has been released in a few European markets in 2007, and Japan in 2008. It has been renamed as "Strike" for its U.S. DVD release (through Anchor Bay Entertainment) on June 9, 2009.
Plot.
An aspiring actor whose career is in the dumps exploits his amazing bowling skills to take the PBA by storm and becomes rich and famous, only to lose his best girl and best friend.

</doc>
<doc id="20334138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334138" title="Sebastián Fernández">
Sebastián Fernández

Sebastián Bruno Fernández Miglierina (born 23 May 1985) is an Uruguayan footballer who plays for Rayo Vallecano in La Liga as a forward.
Club career.
Born in Montevideo, Uruguai, Fernández started his professional playing career in 2004 with Miramar Misiones. In 2007 he joined Defensor Sporting Club where he was part of the team that won the Apertura 2007 championship and the Copa Uruguaya 2008
In 2008 he joined Argentine Club Atlético Banfield, where in 2009 he was a key member of the squad that won the Apertura 2009 championship appearing in 16 of their 19 games. On 13 December 2009 he celebrated with his team mates when Banfield won the Argentine championship for the first time in the history of the club.
On 17 February 2010, Fernandez helped his team mates thrash Deportivo Cuenca in Copa Libertadores, scoring two goals either side of half-time to enrich his team's 4–1 victory in Ecuador.
In July 2010 he had a medical with La Liga side Málaga CF. On 5 August 2010 he signed a contract with Málaga for four years and his transfer cost the Spanish side €3.6 million. He already started to pay off some of his fee as he scored a goal on his debut in a home match against Valencia CF on 28 August 2010. He finished the season with 7 league goals, being the clubs second best goalscorer. 
In 2011–2012, after the summer signing of Ruud van Nistelrooy, Seba was demoted to third choice striker, often coming on as a substitute. On 21 November he started as a right winger against Racing and scored his first goal of the season, in a 3–1 away win. Exactly one year later he scored his first Champions League group stage goal in a 2–2 away draw against FC Zenit Saint Petersburg.
International career.
Fernández made his international debut for the Uruguay national team as a late substitute in a friendly game against Romania on 24 May 2006. On May 2010 he has been called up for 2010 World Cup.
On 27 July 2010 he was reserved to play a friendly match against Angola in Lisboa.
Fernández scored his first goal for Uruguay in a friendly match against China PR.

</doc>
<doc id="20334139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334139" title="Dynamite!! 2008">
Dynamite!! 2008

Dynamite!! 2008 was the annual kickboxing and mixed martial arts event held by K-1 & DREAM on New Year's Eve, Wednesday, December 31, 2008, at the Saitama Super Arena in Saitama, Japan. It featured eleven DREAM mixed martial arts rules fights in a variety of weight classes, four K-1 rules fights, and the inaugural K-1 KOSHIEN Under 18 high school tournament.
Broadcast.
In Japan, parts of the event was shown live on TBS (Tokyo Broadcasting Station) in a four an hour timeslot and the full event on a delayed pay-per-view. Unlike the previous year's event, Dynamite!! did not have North American clearance in 2008 
Press conference.
On October 18, 2008, FEG held a press conference to promote the event. Although no matchups were announced several fighters were in attendance, and FEG stated more participants would be announced at a later date. The fighters in attendance were Joachim Hansen, Hayato Sakurai, Kazushi Sakuraba, Yuichi Nakanishi, Musashi, Shinya Aoki, Tatsuya Kawajiri, Mitsuhiro Ishida, Masakazu Imanari, Atsushi Yamamoto, Takeshi Yamazaki, Ikuhisa Minowa, Seichi Ikemoto, Kiyoshi Tamura, Yoshihiro Sato, Yasuhiro Kido, Mirko Filipović
and Kuniyoshi Hironaka.

</doc>
<doc id="20334156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334156" title="Murray River Flag">
Murray River Flag

The Murray River Flag is flown from paddle steamers and other vessels in the Australian States of Victoria and South Australia that ply the waters of the Murray-Darling river system. Little is known about the flag's early history but it may have originated as far back as 1850 when the formation of the Murray River League was announced. R. W. Beddome, founder of the League, enthused "Up with the Murray flag." No fragments of the original Murray River Flag are known to exist and two variants have passed down to the present day.
History.
The earliest recorded reference to the Murray River Flag was at Goolwa to honour the first paddlesteamer to go into service on the Murray River. The "Mary Ann", built by three brothers William, Thomas and Elliot Randell, began her voyage from Mannum downstream to Goolwa on 4 March 1853. The Murray River Flag was hoisted upon their arrival. The flag was described by a reporter of the "Australian Register":
"The flag bears a red cross with four horizontal blue bars. The cross being charged with five stars as emblems of the Colonies while the upper corner, is taken up with British connections which is depicted by the Union Jack. It has been named, we understand, the Murray River Flag." 
It is believed that the blue bars represent the four major rivers that run into the Murray River, the Murrumbidgee, Lachlan and the Darling. The design bears a strong resemblance to other Australian flags of the 19th Century, such as the Australian Federation Flag and the National Colonial Flag for Australia.
Modern Usage.
Today the Murray River is represented by two flags, each flag similar but based on different interpretations of the original description. The Upper Murray Flag has darker blue bands on its flag, representing the darker waters of the river's upper reaches. This design was also the house flag of the Murray River Steam Navigation Co. which suggests that it is a lineal descendant of the original flag design. The Lower Murray Flag, used predominantly in South Australia, is distinguished by the use of pale blue bands representing the lighter coloured water of the lower reaches of the Murray.

</doc>
<doc id="20334168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334168" title="Louise Rosskam">
Louise Rosskam

Louise Rosskam (born Louise Rosenbaum) (March 27, 1910-April 1, 2003) was a photographer for the Farm Security Administration (FSA) and the Standard Oil Company during the mid-20th century. Together with her husband, Edwin Rosskam (1903–1985), the pair documented American life during the Great Depression. The Rosskams were part of a group of talented photographers hired by Roy Stryker, the head of the FSA between 1935 and 1944, during what is often called the "Golden Age of Documentary Photography".
Early life.
Louise was born into a large Jewish family, the youngest of eight children in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1910. Her father was Morris Rosenbaum, who had emigrated from Hungary at age fourteen. Her mother was Hannah Rottenberg from New York. 
In 1929, Louise met Edwin Rosskam, an artist and aspiring photographer who would help Louise develop her talent. In 1933, Louise graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a degree in Biology.
Career.
During their careers, Louise and her husband Edwin worked as photographers for the Farm Security Administration, the Office of War Information, the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey, the Puerto Rico Office of Information, and the New Jersey Department of Education. Many of their photos taken while working for the Government agencies are now in the archives of the Library of Congress, and are part of the public domain.
In 1948, the Rosskams published "Towboat River", a photographic book detailing life on the Mississippi River.
Residents of Roosevelt, New Jersey, the Rosskams had two daughters, Anita and Susan. 
Louise Rosskam died in New Jersey in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20334173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334173" title="1984 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1984 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1984 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1984-1985. The Buckeyes compiled a 9–3 record, including the 1985 Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California, where they lost 20–17 to the Southern California Trojans.
Game notes.
Illinois.
Statistics

</doc>
<doc id="20334174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334174" title="Icicle Bicycle">
Icicle Bicycle

Icicle Bicycle is the debut studio album by chamber-rock band Pretty Balanced. It was released in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20334176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334176" title="Hated">
Hated

Hated may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20334184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334184" title="Allison Copening">
Allison Copening

Allison Copening is a Democratic member of the Nevada Senate, representing Clark County District 6 (map) from 2009 to 2013, defeating incumbent Bob Beers.
Birth.
Allison Copening was born in the city Las Vegas, Nevada on July 4, 1964. 
Education.
Copening graduated from Bonanza High School in 1982, and she also attended the University of Nevada, Las Vegas where she graduated with a B.A. in Communication Studies. 
Personal information.
Allison Copening is a breast cancer survivor from the year of 2005 and once again in 2008. 
Career.
Allison Copening started her career in the field of broadcasting for nine years at the CBS affiliate in Las Vegas, KLAS TV.
Religion.
Copening attends the Canyon Ridge Christian Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20334188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334188" title="Somebody Stole My Gal">
Somebody Stole My Gal

"Somebody Stole My Gal" is a popular song from 1918, written by Leo Wood. In 1923, Ted Weems & his Orchestra had a five-week run at number one with his million-selling version. It is also known in Japan as the theme song used by Yoshimoto Kogyo at its theater in Osaka.
The song has been featured in several Hollywood movies. including:

</doc>
<doc id="20334192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334192" title="Finland–Mexico relations">
Finland–Mexico relations

Finnish-Mexican relations are the foreign relations between Finland and Mexico. Mexico recognized the independence of Finland in July 1920. Diplomatic relations between them were established on 11 November 1949. 
Mexico has an embassy in Helsinki. Finland has an embassy in Mexico City and honorary consulates in Acapulco, Cancun, Guadalajara, Monterrey, Tampico, Tijuana and Veracruz.

</doc>
<doc id="20334195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334195" title="Billy Hogan">
Billy Hogan

Billy Hogan (born October 10, 1933 died June 6, 1994) was a singer and songwriter. He was born in Elkmont, AL. He recorded several singles for the Vena label in the 1950s. He is remembered for writing Ernie Ashworth's 1962 hit Each Moment (Spent With You).

</doc>
<doc id="20334198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334198" title="Terrasses du Larzac">
Terrasses du Larzac

Terrasses du Larzac is an Appellation d’origine contrôlée (AOC) within the Côteaux du Languedoc in Southern France ( French Occitania ) created in 2005 for red wines made from Syrah, Grenache and Mourvèdre grapes, with the acceptable additions of Cinsaut and Carignan, and grown in some of the highest vineyards of the Côteaux du Languedoc on the slopes of the Cevennes.
The appellation includes St-Saturnin (cited by Jancis Robinson as, "one of the more exciting of the named crus within the Côteaux du Languedoc appellation including parts of St-Guiraud, Jonquières, and Arboras", and Montpeyroux (cited by Robinson as, "the highest named cru within the Côteaux du Languedoc in southern France and, with nearby Pic-St-Loup, the most exciting").
The Terrasses du Larzac region encompasses the villages of Aniane and Jonquières, Hérault - respective homes of Mas de Daumas Gassac (1974) and Mas Jullien (1985) and site of the renaissance in Languedoc wine.
One of France’s most recent appellations (2005) it overlaps in parts with that of Roquefort, France’s oldest and the world’s first appellation (1925) in the villages of Pégairolles-de-l'Escalette and Octon. Here the grazing of Lacaune, Manech, and Basco-Béarnaise for the production of Roquefort occurs alongside the growing of Grenache, Syrah, and Mouvedre for Terrasses du Larzac wine.
Production zone.
The Terrasses de Larzac area is in the north of the Hérault department. It is in an unsymmetrical V shape crossed by the north-south flowing Hérault River. The Causse du Larzac runs along the entire northern boundary. To the west it stretches along the Lergue river bed, whilst to the north-east it stretches along the sides of the Séranne mountains, along the Buèges valley. Mount Saint Baudille rises from the centre in the first foothills of the Larzac. At the foot of the Causse du Larzac there are a succession of old terraces at around 50 metres (165 ft) above the Hérault and Lergue rivers.
Whereas some slopes which form a natural boundary for the Terrasses du Larzac do rise to over 800 metres (2650 ft), the areas under vines and classed as AOC Coteaux du Languedoc range from 50 – 300 metres (165 – 990 ft) up the slopes of the Causse and on the old terraces. The climate zone with the widest temperature variations in the region, it enjoys relatively cool summer nights thanks to its distance from the sea and proximity to the mountainous Causse. As a result the grapes mature slowly and steadily which is beneficial both to their colour and the wines’ aromatic qualities.
Villages.
Aniane, Arboras, Le Bosc, Brissac, Causse-de-la-Selle, Ceyras, Gignac (part), Jonquières, Lagamas, Lauroux, Mérifons, Montoulieu, Montpeyroux, Moulès-et-Baucels, Murles, Octon, Pégairolles-de-Buèges, Pégairolles-de-l'Escalette, Poujols, Puéchabon, Saint-André-de-Sangonis, Saint-André-de-Buèges, Saint-Félix-de-Lodez, Saint-Guiraud, Saint-Jean-de-Buèges, Saint-Jean-de-Fos, Saint-Jean-de-la-Blaquière, Saint-Privat, Saint-Saturnin-de-Lucian, Soubès, Usclas-du-Bosc.
Soils and Climate.
Sandy, stony soils, red "ruffes" in horizontal layers: limestone marl with overhanging cliffs of Jurassic limestone. Closer to the Hérault, cryoclastic limestone deposits with terraces of shingle down to the river.
The climate zone with the widest temperature variations, it enjoys relatively cool summer nights thanks to its distance from the sea and proximity to the mountainous Causse. As a result the grapes mature slowly and steadily, which is beneficial both to their colour and the wines’ aromatic qualities.
Production rules.
Grapes may only come from land parcels identified by the producers and approved by the INAO. Of the 168 regional communes, 32 may produce Terrasses du Larzac wine. The Appellation is for red wines only. A blend of at least two grape varieties is obligatory including the Grape varieties of Syrah, Grenache, and Mourvèdre (60% minimum) with Syrah, Grenache or Mourvèdre limited individually to 75% and Syrah and /or Mourvèdre 20% minimum, Cinsault and Carignan (30% maximum). The wines must be over 12% alcohol level, and from yields no greater than 45 hectolitres per hectare. Vines must be planted at 4000 plants per hectare with a maximum distance between rows of 2.50 metres, pruned short at no more than ten renewal shoots per plant, and no vines under their 5th year may be used.
History.
The Romans first planted vines in the Terrasses du Larzac area. The land around Lodève had great appeal, stretching as it did along the busy Roman road which linked Cessero (St Thibéry) with Segodunum (Rodez).
Benedictine period
The foundation of the Monastery of Aniane in 782, the main of the European Benedictine order lead the reintroduction of vines to the vast unoccupied hinterland in the area around Clermont l’Hérault and Lodève. The influence of the Benedictine monks of Aniane and Saint-Guilhem-le-Désert, evidenced by the number of Romanesque churches and priories stretching up to the Buèges valley, was accompanied by the growing of vines on terraces overlooking the Buèges valley and the production of wine made in the cellars of Benedictine priories founded by the Abbey of Saint-Guilhem-le-Désert in the 10th and 11th centuries. Local producers emerged later, using glazed stone vats blocks for vinification in vaulted cellars of village houses.
The 16th-19th century
From 16th century onwards, the landowners authorized the clearing of scrubland in the foothills to allow vines, olives and almond trees to be planted, frequently on stone-covered terraces ("faysses".) In the 17-18th century, the growth of eau de vie production brought a greater prosperity to grape growers leading to the establishment of a distillery in most villages. Development of trade with those living in the Massif Central (who exchanged metal from local mines, meat, milk and cereals for wine, as well as dried fish and spices from the coast) lead to Montpeyroux becoming an important trade centre. Later Pas de l’Escalette above Lodève came into being, and the landscape around Pégairolles de l’Escalette is covered with little horizontal stone walls dug into the vertical, rocky hillsides as well as the construction of ‘"capitelles"’ (stone huts) where grape producers or shepherds could store material and shelter where a long way from home. The Marly decree in 1770 allowed for greater land clearance, with the vineyard planted on the "garrigue" and allowed for the production of wine to become a serious economic activity.
19th-20th century
Disaster struck in 1850. First oïdium, then phylloxera. As throughout much of France, the vines of the region were almost totally destroyed with most producers choosing to dig up older vines and replant grafting onto American root stock.
Late 20th century
Pioneers such as Aimé Guibert - Mas de Daumas Gassac (Aniane) in 1974 and Olivier Jullien - Mas Jullien (Jonquieres) in 1985, and later Laurent Vaille - Domaine de la Grange des Pères (Aniane) in 1992 led the way to a rediscovery of quality growing in the region inspiring countless other growers and interest from foreign investors such as Robert Mondavi, whose wish to make ‘one of the world's finest wines’ in the appellation’s Massif de l'Arboussas is well documented.
In 2008, Andrew Jefford (Author of "The New France") wrote of the appellation:
"Where is the greatest terroir in Languedoc? You could make a case for Faugères, for Pic St Loup, for parts of St Chinian, for Minervois La Livinière, maybe for La Clape, but after my trip I have to say that if you were to write me out a cheque for a million euros and tell me to go to find somewhere to make great red wine, I would look most closely of all at Terrasses du Larzac."
Producers.
Producers include: Les Souls, Domaine d'Anglas, Domaine Joseph Berth, Domaine de Malavieille, La Reserve d’O, Mas des Brousses, Domaine Coston, Domaine Jordy, Mas du Pountil, Domaine de Blancous, Château de Jonquieres, Mas de l’Ecriture, Mas Cal Demoura, Domaine la Croix Chaptal, Domaine des Conquettes, Domaine les Caizegues, Clos du Serres. Domaine de Granoupic, Domaine Honore Audran, Mas Brunet, Mas Fabregous, Mas Haut-Buis, La Bastide des Oliviers. Domiane des Tremieres, Les domaines du Cap, Domaine La Sauvageonne, Domaine des Cres Richards, Cave des Vignerons du Pegairolles, Cave les Coteaux de Bueges, Cave les treilles d’Aniane, Les Coteaux du Castellas, Cave de Vignerons de St Felix-St Jean. Cave Tours et Terroirs. Domaine de la Deveze, Domaine des Vabres, La Pèira en Damaisèla, Causse d’Arboras, Mas des Chimères, Mas Plan de l’Om. Domaine de Familongue, Domaine du Pas de l’Escalette, Mas de la Seranne, Mas Conscience, Mas de l'Erme.

</doc>
<doc id="20334201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334201" title="Avoca railway line">
Avoca railway line

The Maryborough - Avoca - Ararat railway is a railway line in western Victoria, Australia. It is one of the few railway lines in the state to have been closed and then reopened. Today it is a standard gauge branch line connecting the Western SG with Bung Bong (ballast) and Dunolly (grain), running through Maryborough station.
History.
The first section of line was opened as a branch from Maryborough to Avoca in October 1874, 24 kilometres in length, then was extended 62.8 kilometres to Ararat in November 1890, forming a through route between two main lines. In July 1959 the line between Avoca and Ararat was closed. In October 1966 the line was reopened, and in 1996 it was converted to standard gauge, along with the main Melbourne-Adelaide railway.
The Avoca - Ararat section of the line has been unused for a number of years and Pacific National used it to store over 100 surplus grain wagons, until many of them were reactivated to carry the 2011-2012 harvest.

</doc>
<doc id="20334232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334232" title="The Christmas Miracle of Jonathan Toomey">
The Christmas Miracle of Jonathan Toomey

The Christmas Miracle of Jonathan Toomey is a 2007 British film scripted and directed by Bill Clark. Alternatively, it is a 1995 book of the same name, written by Susan Wojciechowski and illustrated by P. J. Lynch, from which the film was adapted.
Film.
The 91-minute film directed by Bill Clark starred Tom Berenger, Joely Richardson, Saoirse Ronan and Luke Ward-Wilkinson. Among other players were Benjamin Eli, Jack Montgomery and Jenny O'Hara. One budget estimate is £8 million. It played at eight film festivals including the Gloria Film Festival at Salt Lake City where it was named "Best Film – 2007". It was released on DVD in the US later that year, in the UK and the Netherlands 2008, and in Germany 2011.
Book.
The 32-page children's picture book was written by Susan Wojciechowski, illustrated by P. J. Lynch, and published by Walker Books in 1995 (ISBN 978-0-7445-4007-9). One newspaper called it "the story of a gloomy woodcutter who gradually recovers his ability to find joy in life" and reported sales in the United States exceeding one million copies. For his part in that collaboration, Lynch won the annual Kate Greenaway Medal from the Library Association, recognising the year's best children's book illustration by a British subject. According to the retrospective citation, woodcarver Toomey accepts the job of creating nativity figurines for a widow and her son, and thereby resolves long-held grief for his own wife and child.
Walker's American division Candlewick Press published a U.S. edition within the calendar year (Library of Congress Classification PZ7.W8183 Ch 1995; ISBN 978-1-56402-320-9).

</doc>
<doc id="20334253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334253" title="Chamba people">
Chamba people

The Chamba people of Nigeria and Cameroon speak two distantly related languages: Chamba Leko, of the Leko–Nimbari languages, and Chamba Daka, of the Dakoid languages. The Chamba people have their own particular religious beliefs known as the Chamba religion.
The Chamba (they refer to themselves as SAMA) people are an ethnic group found in the present-day borderline between the Cameroon and Nigeria. Researchers Raymond Boyd and Richard Fardon agree that the chamba people are composed of two different languages belonging to the Niger-Congo family. The two groups are called Chamba Daka and Chamba Leko. The Chamba speakers still speak various other dialects that are different from place to place. The central area is where the Chamba Daka (Sama Nnakenyare) live. That area is found in North east of Nigeria on the Cameroon border in Adamawa State. The area was called the “Chamba Native Authority" during the colonial era. Actually the Chamba were split into Nigeria and Cameroun as a result later by the United Nation’s plebiscite conducted first in 1969 and finally in 1961. The original occupant of the Chambaland were the Germans, but when Germany lost the First World War her territory in Africa was taken as mandated territory by the League of Nations and was given out. The Cameroun was divided between British and France. “Where the majority of the Chamba live, straddles the present border between Nigeria and Cameroon” (Boyd; 1994). Boyd also says that the “Chamba Leko speakers are restricted to the easternmost part of the central area, for the most part on the Cameroon part of the modern border. The remainder of the Chamba are Daka-speaking”. Today the Chamba people are one of the largest ethnic groups in the North eastern Nigeria. The Gangwari of Ganye (Chief of Ganye) is highest traditional ruler in chamba land.
The closest chamba neighbours are the Mumuye, the Fulani and the Jukun and Kutep people.
The Chamba in Cameroon are divided into several subsets: Bali Nyonga, Bali Kumbat, Bali-Gham, Bali-Gangsin, and Bali-Gasho.

</doc>
<doc id="20334270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334270" title="1983 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1983 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1983 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1983-1984. The Buckeyes compiled a 9–3 record, including the 1984 Fiesta Bowl in Tempe, Arizona, where they won 28–23 against the Pittsburgh Panthers.
Game notes.
Wisconsin.
Woody Hayes dotted the "i" in the pregame Script Ohio.
Statistics

</doc>
<doc id="20334300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334300" title="King College Prep High School">
King College Prep High School

Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. College Preparatory High School (commonly known as King College Prep, King) is a public 4-year selective enrollment magnet high school located in the Kenwood neighborhood on the south side of Chicago, Illinois, United States. King is one of the Chicago Public School System's ten selective enrollment schools, which means that its approximately 900 students must apply for acceptance, based on academic achievement and test scores. In 2010, King College Prep was named a "Silver Medal" school by "U.S. News and World Report" in its annual rankings of America's best high schools.
Curriculum.
Honors classes and Advanced Placement courses are offered in every subject area. College coursework is accessible through King’s college and university partners. Advanced coursework is possible in Visual and Performing Arts (Band, Dance, Drama, Graphic Arts, Vocal Music), Architecture and Engineering, and Computer Technology. KCP specializes in Architecture and Engineering as well as Information Technology.
Activities.
King College Prep's bands and choir have represented Chicago at the Presidential Inaugural Heritage Music Festival in Washington D.C. In 2008, the marching band opened for Stone Temple Pilots at their Chicago concert.
Athletics.
King competes in the Chicago Public League (CPL) and is a member of the Illinois High School Association (IHSA). King's teams are known as the Jaguars. The men's basketball team was dominant in the 1990s, produced numerous Illinois Mr. Basketball's, and were nationally ranked on a regular basis. A 1982 graduate, Efrem Winters, was named MVP of that year's McDonald's All-American game. After a college career at Illinois, Winters was drafted by the NBA's Atlanta Hawks. Former NBA player Marcus Liberty, who was a member of the 1989 Illinois Flyin' Illini attended King and was widely regarded as the #1 player in the nation. In 1990, King won the Illinois state title, going 32-0, and was ranked #1 nationally behind star guard/forward Jamie Brandon. After initially committing to Illinois, Brandon went on to play alongside Shaquille O'Neal at LSU after the Illni went on NCAA probation. He later played in France, Croatia, Finland and Honduras. In 1993, King had 7'2" Thomas Hamilton and 7'0" Rashard Griffith, who led the Jaguars to a state championship. Most recently, Imari Sawyer played for King from 1995-1999 before starring at DePaul. All of these players were coached by outspoken Chicago legend Landon “Sonny” Cox. In 2009-2010, the Girls Swim team won the section championship for the second consecutive year and the Boys Basketball team, Girls Basketball team, and Wrestling team won regional championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20334301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334301" title="Jean Westwood (figure skater)">
Jean Westwood (figure skater)

Jean Westwood is a British ice dancer. With partner Lawrence Demmy, she is the 1952-1955 World Champion and 1954 & 1955 European Champion.

</doc>
<doc id="20334305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334305" title="Jean Westwood">
Jean Westwood

Jean Westwood may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20334324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334324" title="Vena">
Vena

Vena may refer to:
People:

</doc>
<doc id="20334339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334339" title="Herb Kehrl">
Herb Kehrl

Herb Kehrl was an American politician representing Michigan's 56th district in the Michigan House of Representatives from 2004 until his death in 2005. State Representative Kehrl died of cancer on November 30, 2005.
Electoral history.
2004 Michigan State House Election for the 56th District

</doc>
<doc id="20334343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334343" title="Alexandrov Kremlin">
Alexandrov Kremlin

The tsar’s residence in the Alexandrovskaya village (also known as the Alexandrovsky Kremlin) is an old Russian fortress which served as the actual capital of the "oprichnina" in the Moscow state from 1564 until 1581. It was situated on the current territory of the city of Alexandrov, Vladimir Oblast.
History.
Alexandrovskaya village dates back to the middle of the 14th century. Grand Duke Vasily III had a country palace built there and used to bring his family and the entire court to it. The palace did not survive.
The Pokrovsky (Intercession of the Virgin) cathedral was sanctified in 1513 and later it was blessed anew as the Trinity (Troitsky) Cathedral. Its appearance has changed somewhat since the 16th century; some of the architectural details such as windows, e.g., belong to a later period. Originally, red brick and white stone were used in the outer decoration of the cathedral but brick parts were later painted over. Some of the interior fresco paintings date back to the 14th century as do the white stone carvings in the interior portals.
Ivan the Terrible moved to the Alexandrovskaya fortress in 1565. The residence was immediately fortified with a bulwark, wooden walls, and a moat. The village became the actual capital of the country. The oprichnina was founded there and the march on the Novgorod Republic started from the village.
As Novgorod was looted Ivan brought the famous gates of its St. Sophia Cathedral (1336) to the village and had them installed at the southern entrance of the Assumption (Trinity) cathedral. The gates combine religious and fantastic subjects; there is, for instance, the image of a centaur. The gates were made with the use of the old technique in which the door was first carved and then rubbed with a mixture of liquid gold and mercury.
The western entrance was embellished with the old (1344-1358) doors that Ivan had removed from the Transfiguration (Spaso-Preobrazhensky) church in Tver. An etched picture of the Holy Trinity is still preserved on one of the doors.
The Alexandovsky Kremlin was also the place where the tsar received ambassadors from many countries of Europe, such as Sweden, Denmark, Austria, England, and Rzeczpospolita.
The tsar left the fortress in 1581 and never returned there again. The Assumption (Uspensky) nunnery was opened on its territory in the second half of the 17th century.
During Soviet times the fortress and the former nunnery were used as a museum. At present, the territory of the Kremlin is shared by a museum and the revived nunnery.

</doc>
<doc id="20334350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334350" title="CD Colonia Ofigevi">
CD Colonia Ofigevi

Club Deportivo Colonia Ofigevi was a football team based in El Bercial, Getafe in the autonomous community of Community of Madrid. Founded in 1981, the club's home ground were "El Bercial", which has a capacity of 1,500 spectators.
History.
The Colonia Ofigevi was founded in 1981 in the District of El Bercial in Getafe being on a principle known as Club Deportivo Colonia and The main goal is to encourage the development of football in the neighborhood . During his first years in lower grades began playing football in Madrid. 
Later the team happens to be sponsored by Ofigevi, which imposes the name of the company in the club, and begins to make investments for the team to climb categories. In the 2006-07 season debut in the Tercera División team but declined the following year to Senior. The Colonia Ofigevi returned in the 2008-09 campaign on Tercera División.
Before 2009–10 season, they were forced to folded due to high debts with its players.
Stadium.
The team plays its matches in the local as Polideportivo El Bercial, a field with artificial grass and capacity for 2,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="20334352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334352" title="Lawrence Demmy">
Lawrence Demmy

Lawrence Demmy is a British ice dancer. With partner Jean Westwood, he is the 1952-1955 World Champion and 1954 & 1955 European Champion.

</doc>
<doc id="20334370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334370" title="Adam Fierro">
Adam Fierro

Adam Fierro is an American television writer and producer.
Biography.
Fierro began his television career as a freelance writer. He wrote two scripts for the first season of "Resurrection Blvd." in 2000. In 2002 he returned as a co-producer and writer for the third season and contributed a further three episodes. 
In 2004 Fierro joined the crew of "The Shield" as a writer and co-producer. He wrote three episodes for the third season. He was promoted to producer in 2005 and contributed a further two episodes to the fourth season. He continued to receive more responsibility and became a supervising producer for the fifth season writing two more episodes. He was made co-executive producer for the sixth season and wrote two more episodes. After filming completed on the sixth season of "The Shield" Fierro became a co-executive producer for the sixth season of "24" and wrote an episode. Fierro returned to "The Shield" for the seventh and final season and served as an executive producer and wrote three episodes.
After completing work on "The Shield" Fierro became a consulting producer and writer for the third season of "Dexter". He was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award at the February 2009 ceremony for Best Dramatic Series for his work on the third season of "Dexter". Fierro was reunited with "The Shield" producer Charles H. Eglee on "Dexter".
Fierro served as a consulting producer and writer for the second season of medical drama series "Hawthorne" in 2010. The series show runner was Fierro's "The Shield" colleague Glen Mazzara.
Fierro again worked with Eglee on the first season of AMC drama series "The Walking Dead". Fierro wrote the season finale "TS-19". Eglee was an executive producer on "The Walking Dead". The episode also reunited Fierro with frequent "The Shield" director Guy Ferland; Ferland helmed "TS-19".
Fierro married writer Elizabeth Craft in 2007. The two met while working on "The Shield". Fierro's sister, Olivia Fierro is a television news anchor.

</doc>
<doc id="20334376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334376" title="Steve Fisher (snowboarder)">
Steve Fisher (snowboarder)

Steve Fisher also known as "The Fish" (born September 21, 1982 in Olathe, Kansas) is an American professional snowboarder and the 2004 and 2007 Winter X Games Champion. He was once ranked the #1 halfpipe rider in the United States by the USSA ranking system.
Childhood and early snowboarding career.
Steve grew up in Saint Louis Park, a suburb out of Minneapolis. As a young boy, his home mountain was Buck Hill which was home to one of the first halfpipes in the Midwest. Steve rode at Buck hill every day and night until he was ten years old, saying that he rarely spent any time at home during the winter. Fisher went pro in 2002 when he was asked by the US Snowboarding Team to forerun the 2002 Olympic halfpipe event and become a part of US Snowboarding.
Riding Style.
Fisher rides regular stance, eighteen and negative six degrees on his board. While he is best known for his skills in the halfpipe, Steve remains a well-rounded rider capable of riding rails, jumps, and natural backcountry features.
Other projects.
When he is not snowboarding, mountain biking, fishing, or hiking, Steve is an avid blogger who writes several blogs for various websites. 
Because his father was diagnosed with and recovered from prostate cancer, Steve is involved with the Prostate Cancer Foundation. Working with their Athletes for a Cure program, Steve is helping build awareness of this prevalent disease.

</doc>
<doc id="20334383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334383" title="Feig">
Feig

Feig:

</doc>
<doc id="20334393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334393" title="Wind power in Italy">
Wind power in Italy

Italy is the world’s sixth largest producer of wind power, with an installed nameplate capacity of 8,144 MW in 2012.
The energy from the 487 active plants accounts for the 19% of the renewable energy produced in Italy in 2010. The total energy produced in 2010 was 8,787 GWh, with an increase of 29% from the previous year.
Overview.
In 2001, the European Commission issued its Directive on Electricity Production from Renewable Energy Sources. The Directive set a goal for Italy to obtain at least 25% of its electricity from renewables by 2010. The 1999 Italian ‘White Book’ targeted to install 2,500 MW of wind power capacity by 2010; Italy exceeded this in 2007. The Italian government targeted 12,000 MW by 2020. Given that Italy's recent growth in wind power capacity has been about 30% annually, the target appears reachable by 2015. Italy introduced a renewable energy quota system in 2002, and uses green certificates to ensure that power producers and importers produce specified percentages of electricity from renewables. Renewable energy under the quota system must come from new or repowered plants which began operating after April 1, 1999.
Installed capacity growth.
The table shows the annual increase in installed wind power capacity in recent years.

</doc>
<doc id="20334400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334400" title="Software industry in China">
Software industry in China

The software industry in Mainland China (China) is the business of developing and publishing software and related services in China. The size of the industry including software and information services in 2012 was worth 2502 billion RMB (about $416 billion) according to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.
Top Chinese software companies.
In 2008, there were 984 software companies that achieved 100 million RMB or above in revenues.
History.
The industry has experienced rapid growth as IT spending among various industrial segments, including government, banking and manufacturing will likely propel the domestic software industry. The ongoing large-scale endeavors for 3G deployments are expected to fuel growth in the demand for 3G telecom software across various application platforms. Expanding broadband infrastructure with increased Internet penetration among Small and Medium Businesses (SMBs) will help the SaaS market to grow at a CAGR of approx 44% during 2008-2012. The Enterprise software market including ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning), SCM (Supply chain Management), EAM (Enterprise Asset Management), CRM (Customer Relationship Management) and financial software is growing rapidly. The ERP software is available from UFIDA Software, Kingdee, SAP, etc.
Outsourcing.
The software outsourcing market is projected by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology to grow to $60 billion by 2015. The exports are mainly driven by the software business bought by Japan followed by the US. Over 60% of Chinese exports are taken up by Japan, as there are a good number of Chinese developers who develop software in Japanese.

</doc>
<doc id="20334415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334415" title="Dan Logue">
Dan Logue

Daniel Logue is a Republican Assemblyman who represents California's 3rd State Assembly district. He was first elected in November 2008. Prior to serving in the Assembly, Logue served as a Yuba County Supervisor.
Early life, education, and early political career.
Logue obtained his A.A. from Yuba College and a B.A. in government from Chico State University. He also graduated from the Oklahoma Military Academy.
Logue was elected twice to the Yuba County Board of Supervisors. He also owned his own realty firm, Logue Realty. Logue was the Yolo County Chairman for Ronald Reagan's 1980 Campaign and the Yuba County chairman for George W. Bush's 2004 Campaign, and Arnold Schwarzenegger's 2006 gubernatorial campaign. He was also the founder of the Flood Control of Yuba- Sutter Political Action Committee. Furthermore, he was a member of the Yuba County Republican Party Executive Committee and a member of the California Republican Party State Central Committee.
California Assembly.
Elections.
In the 2008 Republican primary election, he defeated Nevada County Supervisor Sue Horne 53%-47%. Logue defeated labor union official Mickey Harrington 56%-44%. In 2010, he won re-election to a second term by defeating Harrington in a rematch, 54%-37%. In 2012, he won re-election to a third term by defeating Democrat Charles Rouse 56%-44%.
Tenure.
In the California Assembly, Logue serves as the Chief Whip for the Republican Caucus and is responsible for coordinating voting and managing messaging for the Republican Caucus. Assemblyman Logue was appointed chair of the Caucus Task Force on Jobs and Economic Recovery.
Logue organized the Economic Recovery Group, which meets regularly with business representatives from all sectors of California's economy to discuss ways to eliminate impediments and restrictive government regulations in order to improve our state's business climate. He has conducted public hearings to listen to the concerns of business owners. He held the first out-of-state hearing when he took fellow legislators to Reno, Nevada, to hear from businesses their reasons for leaving California.
The National Federation of Independent Business has awarded Logue a perfect score based on his voting record and support of small business. When Texas Governor Rick Perry came to California to try to lure jobs, Logue said “Governor Perry’s message was clear to the entire delegation when he said: 'You can not be for jobs and against business – it just doesn’t work.' And he’s right.”
Dan led the charge to organize a local veterans Memorial Committee that raised over $350,000 in private funds to construct two world class Veterans Memorials in the Yuba-Sutter area. 
In the 2012 Election Dan Logue's Republican opponent Bob Williams sent out a news release alleging the Marysville address Logue declared as his home is the same as "Dirty Blondes Cleaning Service," a Yuba County cleaning company. Williams, a Tehama County supervisor, included in the news release a link to a website that shows the cleaning service's address is the same as the one Logue registered with the Yuba County Elections Office. The Yuba County Assessor's Office confirms the Marysville property is owned by a Walnut Grove couple and not by Dan Logue. During that same time Dan Logue changed his Facebook page to reflect his home being in Chico, CA. Logue responded by saying "I have 10 houses in the 3rd Assembly District, so I am just going to pick one of the houses that I already own and we will be residing there." 
2014 congressional election.
In June 2013, Logue announced he would challenge Democratic U.S. Congressman John Garamendi for California's 3rd congressional district.
Personal life.
Assemblyman Logue currently resides in Chico, CA.

</doc>
<doc id="20334420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334420" title="My Friend Joe">
My Friend Joe

My Friend Joe is a 1996 film directed by Chris Bould starring Schuyler Fisk and John Cleere. The film is based on the 1985 Swedish novel "Janne, min vän" ("Johnny, My Friend") by Peter Pohl.
Plot summary.
Chris' new best friend, the American Joe, turns out not to be a boy, but a girl.

</doc>
<doc id="20334428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334428" title="Pilgrim Congregational Church (Redding, California)">
Pilgrim Congregational Church (Redding, California)

Pilgrim Congregational Church in Redding, California was designed in 1958 by the American architect Frank Lloyd Wright, and built between 1960 and 1963.
One of the parishioners contacted Wright, the legendary architect, to inquire about designing a building. To the amazement of church members, Mr. Wright responded to the proposal in January 1958 with these words: "Tell the people of the little church that I will help them out. If I like the ‘feel’ of a job, I take it." 
This church is one of Wright's last designs and the last church designed by Wright before he died in 1959. Referring to the church's design, Wright once said, "this little church" was designed as a "Pole and Boulder Gothic". The design was to represent the form of a tent, the ancient dwelling of Israel, as a symbol of temporary, migratory and transient lives. Wright died before he could finish all the drawings for the church.
Unable to secure a bid within their budget, the congregation's building committee voted to build the church themselves. With oversight from Taliesin West, excavation began in June, 1960. With its massive desert rubblestone walls and the 23 giant steel and concrete roof supports that envelop the building, the church seems almost to grow out of the rocky hillside setting. The pulpit area was designed to resemble a cave. The building was dedicated in 1963. 
The full plans of the multi-building design are yet to be realized. There is a fireplace in the fellowship hall, which is presently used as the sanctuary. This wing was to extend into the middle of today’s parking lot where it would intersect the real, 300 seat sanctuary, 100 seat chapel wing, and 17 classroom church school wing - all in a triangular fashion. This central core would have been topped off by a massive, boulder belfry tower at the south end housing the minister's study on its upper floor.

</doc>
<doc id="20334429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334429" title="Bùi Đình Đạm">
Bùi Đình Đạm

Major General Bùi Đình Đạm (born c. 1926) was a general of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN). 
Military service.
As a Colonel Bui he was a key figure at the Battle of Ap Bac. He held various position in the ARVN:

</doc>
<doc id="20334433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334433" title="Alexandre Le Borgne de Belle-Isle">
Alexandre Le Borgne de Belle-Isle

Alexandre le Borgne de Belle-Isle (c. 1640 – c. 1693), the son of Emmanuel Le Borgne, was a temporary governor of Acadia.

</doc>
<doc id="20334441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334441" title="André Groult">
André Groult

André Groult (1884–1966) was a French decorator and designer of French furniture. Much of his work can be described as art deco, with curving and organic shapes, and Groult's work has been described as compromising between tradition and modernism. For the Exposition Internationale des Arts Décoratifs et Industriels Modernes in 1925, he designed a woman's bedchamber with a pink and gray palette. The room featured tended walls of Soie stitching. The furniture in the room was rounded and covered in natural Galuchat.
In 1935, Groult worked for a luxury apartment complex in "Normandy".

</doc>
<doc id="20334447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334447" title="Hayward Lake">
Hayward Lake

Hayward Lake is a lake and reservoir on the Stave River in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia, Canada. Located in the District of Mission about 60 km east of Vancouver, Hayward Lake is formed by Ruskin Dam, which lies about 3 km upstream from the Stave River's confluence with the Fraser River at Ruskin, which sits astride the Mission-Maple Ridge boundary. The lake begins at the tailrace from the Stave Falls Dam and is about 7.5 km in length and an average of 0.5 km wide, with a maximum width of 1.5 km when lengths of small inlets are taken into account.
History.
Though cleared of debris since, for many years Hayward Lake was a flooded forest full of dead trees, which had not been logged by the time of the inundation of the canyon of the Stave River, which lies today in the lake's depths behind Ruskin Dam. The original roadbed of the Stave Falls Branch of the British Columbia Electric Railway climbed the canyon walls, now underwater, but the line was rebuilt as part of the construction of Ruskin Dam and its track along the west side of the lake is now a hiking and biking trail. Trestles used by the railway are still present along this route, although their ends have been demolished to prevent access for safety reasons. The west side trail, and a hiking-only route on the east side of the lake, are part of a BC Hydro recreation division project; a park at the lake's upper end, where there had been a townsite during construction of the Stave project, now has a public beach and includes a bandstand built for the filming of "We're No Angels" above Stave Dam and moved to its present location afterwards.
The lake is named for the first operations manager of the Stave Powerhouse.
Recreation.
In addition to the public beach at the Stave Falls end of the lake, there are small beaches along the lakeside trail. Canoeing on the lake is now mostly safe though some "snags" remain; power boats are not permitted, and canoeing or swimming within 1 km of Ruskin Dam is prohibited due to the risk of being sucked into the Ruskin Powerhouse's intakes, with a log-boom drawn across from shore to shore as a reminder.

</doc>
<doc id="20334457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334457" title="Agência Paulista de Tecnologia dos Agronegócios">
Agência Paulista de Tecnologia dos Agronegócios

The Agência Paulista de Tecnologia dos Agronegócios (APTA – São Paulo’s Agency for Agribusiness Technology), linked to Secretaria de Agricultura e Abastecimento (Secretariat of Agriculture and Supplies), came about in 2001, in order to coordinate all agriculture and cattle raising research in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. Its main objective is to generate and transfer scientific and technological knowledge in agribusiness, thereby harmonizing the socio-economic development with environmental balance. The main innovation in this reorganization was the creation of 15 regional poles of development, spread throughout the state.
APTA has guided itself by the prospects of technological demands, and does it regionally, as an instrument to guide the research of the entire agency.
In addition to the poles, APTA’s structure encompasses the six research bodies of the Secretaria da Agricultura and Abastecimento (SAA – Secretariat of Agriculture and Supplies) – the Instituto Agronômico de Campinas (IAC -Agronomical Institute), the Instituto Biológico (Biological Institute), the Instituto de Economia Agrícola (IEA - Agricultural Economics Institute), the Instituto de Zootecnica (IZ - Zoo technical Institute), the Instituto de Pesca (Fisheries Institute) and the Instituto de Tecnologia de Alimentos (ITAL – Food Technology Institute). The agency centers its activities on four strategic programs: bioenergy, environmental sustainability, organization of the rural and outlying areas, and food safety.
As the second largest agribusiness technological research institution in Brazil and the Southern Hemisphere, APTA features 64 experimental units and 43 research laboratories.
Source.
MAGALHÃES, G.W. (coord.) Secretaria de Agricultura e Abastecimento do Estado de São Paulo. São Paulo: Governo do Estado de São Paulo, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20334468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334468" title="Idi Papez">
Idi Papez

Idi Papez was an Austrian pair skater. With partner Karl Zwack, she was the 1933 European Champion and was a three-time World medalist
Results.
with Karl Zwack

</doc>
<doc id="20334476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334476" title="Inaruwa">
Inaruwa

Inaruwa may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20334479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334479" title="Jen Smith">
Jen Smith

Jen Smith is an artist, musician, zine editor, and activist from the United States.
Jen Smith is credited with being the inspiration behind the term Riot Grrrl and being one of the architects of the movement. Writing in "Dance of Days: Two Decades of Punk in the Nation's Capital", Mark Andersen and Mark Jenkins report that while living in Washington, D.C., Smith reacted to the violence of the Mount Pleasant race riots in the Spring of 1991 by prophetically writing in a letter to Allison Wolfe, "this summer's going to be a girl riot." Other reports say she wrote, "we need to start a girl riot."
That summer, Olympia, Washington, students Wolfe and Molly Neuman, editors of "Girl Germs" zine, to which Smith had contributed, moved to Washington, D.C. Having already formed their band Bratmobile, they asked Smith and Christina Billotte (of Autoclave and Slant 6) to join, and the band released one cassette tape, called "Bratmobile DC", with this line-up.
As written about in "Bikini Kill" zine by Kathleen Hanna, Jen proposed they all collaborate on a zine called "Girl Riot", which would serve as a networking forum for young women. Molly Neuman began the zine, released under the title "riot grrrl", with contributions from Smith, Wolfe, and the members of Bikini Kill.
At the end of the summer Bratmobile returned to Olympia and Jen Smith stayed behind to edit a zine called "Red Rover". A number of issues were released before, in 1993, she began a new zine, an off-shoot of "Red Rover", called "Another Lo-Fi Xtravanganza". The zine also became a small record label, releasing cassettes by artists such as Wandering Lucy.
At the same time, Smith began a band with Donna Dresch and Nikki Chapman called Rastro! The trio, with Smith on guitar and vocals, Chapman on bass, and Dresch on drums, released two songs on compilations by independent record labels such as Simple Machines. After this band broke up, Smith moved to Olympia, Washington where she recorded "Boot Party" with Dub Narcotic Sound System, and began the Cha Cha Cabaret, which she hosted under the persona of "Miss Lady Hand Grenade" in 1996 and 1997. Participating artists included Miranda July, Mirah, Flying Tigers, Old Time Relijun, Simplement Jacques, Nikki McClure, The Lookers, The Skirts, and Panties, and all appear together on the K Records compilation "Chez Vous". Cha Cha Cabaret toured the country, adding musicians such as Sharon Cheslow while in San Francisco.
In the 2000s, Smith returned to San Francisco, where she joined with ex-Circus Lupus member Seth Lorinczi and ex-Electrolettes member Julianna Bright to begin the band The Quails. The band toured with Sleater Kinney, Aislers Set and The No-No's. They released three CDs, as well as zines and projects such as the comic book "Bon Soir" and a mini-opera CD under the name 'Marzipan Ponce'.
After this band broke up, Jen Smith devoted herself to her artwork. She has exhibited across the country, collaborating with artists such as LTTR, and having her own solo exhibitions.
In 2008, she appeared in the feature film "The Lollipop Generation" by G.B. Jones 
Discography.
with Bratmobile.
Was from Portland, OR. 1981

</doc>
<doc id="20334481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334481" title="Karl Zwack">
Karl Zwack

Karl Zwack was an Austrian pair skater. With partner Idi Papez, he was the 1933 European Champion and was a three-time World medalist
Results.
with Idi Papez

</doc>
<doc id="20334506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334506" title="Trevor Blackann">
Trevor Blackann

Trevor Blackann is a former American lobbyist who pleaded guilty in the Jack Abramoff scandal. He began his political career as a staffer for Missouri Republican Roy Blunt.
As a staffer for U.S. Senator Kit Bond (R-MO), he met with Abramoff and other lobbyists in the Mariana Islands in November 2000. Abramoff charged the islands for this meeting. After leaving Bond to work as a lobbyist, Blackann went on a trip in Todd Boulanger's boat in the Chesapeake Bay.
On November 20, 2008, Blackann pleaded guilty to lying on his 2003 tax returns by concealing $4,100 in gifts from lobbyists, including a free trip to Game 1 of the 2003 World Series. That trip included airline travel to and from New York City, transportation around the city in a chauffeured sport utility vehicle, a ticket to the game, a souvenir baseball jersey, admission to and entertainment at a gentlemen's club following the game and free meals and drinks. The lobbyists, identified as Lobbyist D and Lobbyist E in the plea agreement, are Team Abramoff associates Todd Boulanger and James Hirni.
Family.
Blackann's wife is Laura Brookshire, a former staffer for Tom DeLay.

</doc>
<doc id="20334511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334511" title="Mermithidae">
Mermithidae

Mermithidae is a family of nematode worms that are endoparasites in arthropods. As early as 1877, Mermithidae was listed as one of nine subdivisions of the Nematoidea. Mermithidae are confusable with the horsehair worms of the phylum Nematomorpha that have a similar life history and appearance.
Mermithids are parasites, mainly of arthropods. Most are known from insects, but some are recorded from spiders, scorpions and crustaceans. A few are known to parasitize earthworms, leeches and molluscs, and a specimen is known from a spider preserved in forty million-year old Baltic amber. At least 25 species are known to parasitize mosquito larvae, making them of considerable interest in biological control.
Life history.
Mermithids are wire-like and have a smooth cuticle with layers of spiral fibres. The digestive tract is similar to that of free-living nematodes only in the young larvae prior to their parasitic life; in the parasitic stages the oesophagus is disconnected from the mid-intestine, and females lack an anus. The female genital opening is at the midbody, while the male opening is at the tip and visible as one or two spicules. The eggs are laid either in water or on land, and the newly hatched larvae are free-living, as are the adults that emerge from the hosts to lay eggs.
The taxonomy of the group has been confused due to poor specimen collection as well as very limited morphological characteristics, and most are discovered by entomologists rather than nematologists. Even the best-studied species, "Romanomermis culicivorax", has an unclear taxonomic status.

</doc>
<doc id="20334529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334529" title="John Axon (actor)">
John Axon (actor)

John Axon (10 September 1960 – 25 October 2008) was an English television and stage actor. He was perhaps best known for his role as the hospital administrator, Nigel Harper, on the ITV1 television series "The Royal". Axon played Harper as a recurring role on the show from 2003 until 2005.
Axon was named after his grandfather, John Axon, an engine driver who was posthumously awarded the George Cross in 1957 after he died while attempting to stop his train before it crashed at Chapel-en-le-Frith.
His theatre credits included "Dimas in The Triumph of Love", which opened at the Royal Exchange in Manchester in 2007. He travelled to Hungary in 2008 where he filmed an American television series, "Krod Mandoon and the Flaming Sword of Fire", starring Matt Lucas.
Axon collapsed and died of a suspected heart attack near his home in Stockport on 25 October 2008 at the age of 48. He was preparing to play a ballroom dancer in the comedy drama television series, "Shameless", at the time of his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20334538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334538" title="Las Rozas CF">
Las Rozas CF

Las Rozas Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football team based in Las Rozas de Madrid, in the autonomous Community of Madrid. Founded in 1966 it plays in Preferente, holding home games at "Estadio Navalcarbón", which has a capacity of 3,000 spectators.
History.
"Club Deportivo Las Rozas" was founded in 1966, with the intention of promoting sport in the town. Six years later it reformed as a club, in order to compete with other professional teams in the Community of Madrid. 
In the 1991–92 season Las Rozas reached the fourth division for the first time, remaining in that level for the following 18 years. From 2000–02 it managed to finish second in the regular season, and won its group in 2004–05, always falling short in the subsequent promotion playoffs.
In 2009, after a merger with "Unión Las Rozas", the team was renamed "Las Rozas Club de Fútbol".
Stadium.
Las Rozas plays at "Polideportivo Municipal Dehesa de Navalcarbón", whose main soccer field has an athletics track, and a capacity of about 3,000 spectators.
Other projects.
Las Rozas collaborated with non-governmental organization "Africa Live", providing material aid and a football team in Malawi.

</doc>
<doc id="20334546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334546" title="Habrotrocha rosa">
Habrotrocha rosa

Habrotrocha rosa is a bdelloid rotifer that has been found in leaf litter, soil, and moss in Europe and New Zealand and also in North America within the pitchers of "Sarracenia purpurea", the purple pitcher plant. It is one of many species that make up the inquiline community that thrives within the water-retaining pitcher-shaped leaves of "S. purpurea".

</doc>
<doc id="20334567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334567" title="Y. K. Padhye">
Y. K. Padhye

Yeshwant Keshav Padhye was the pioneering Indian Ventriloquist who started ventriloquism in India in 1920's. He was also a puppeteer and maker.
Early life.
As a magician he performed magic shows in India. Eventually he brought puppets from England and then slowly started performing ventriloquism.
Career.
Magic.
Padhye started by performing magic shows at small functions when the entertainment industry was in its infancy. However he created a niche for himself when he started combining magic and puppetry. He brought the puppets from England to include in his shows, later gradually introducing ventriloquism, teaching himself from a book which he ordered from U.S.A. This excited audiences as they had never seen a lively ventriloquial puppet talk.
Puppets in films.
Once the art of ventriloquism gained popularity, he also received offers from film makers. His puppets were featured in one Hindi film called "Akeli Mat Jaiyo". His famous puppet "Ardhavatrao" appeared along with actor Rajendra Kumar. The puppet was operated by Padhye himself. The music of the film was composed by Madan Mohan with lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri.
Personal life.
Y.K. Padhye's son Ramdas Padhye, his daughter-in-law Aparna, and his grandsons Satyajit and Parikshit are also ventriloquists and puppeteers in the entertainment field.

</doc>
<doc id="20334591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334591" title="Věra Suchánková">
Věra Suchánková


</doc>
<doc id="20334598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334598" title="Rai Südtirol">
Rai Südtirol

Rai Südtirol is the name of the radio and television service provided by the Italian public-service broadcaster RAI to South Tyrol from its studios in Bolzano.

</doc>
<doc id="20334610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334610" title="Rai Südtirol (TV channel)">
Rai Südtirol (TV channel)

Rai Sender Bozen is a German language television channel produced by the Italian public-service broadcasting network RAI from its studios in Bolzano, and broadcast to the German-speaking public of South Tyrol. Unlike all others RAI channels, Sender Bozen carries no commercials.
History.
Transmissions began on 7 February 1966. Programming initially occupied just one hour daily, broadcast on the local frequencies of Rete 2 (today's Rai 2) between 20.00 and 21.00. On 15 December 1979 Rai Sender Bozen began broadcasting on its own dedicated channel.
Weekly airtime.
Unlike all other RAI channels, Sender Bozen is not on air 24/7. It also broadcasts for different periods of time day by day. Outside its own broadcasting hours, Sender Bozen's frequencies are used by Rai 3.

</doc>
<doc id="20334624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334624" title="Rochester &amp; Genesee Valley Railroad Museum">
Rochester &amp; Genesee Valley Railroad Museum

The Rochester and Genesee Valley Railroad Museum (RGVRRM) is an operating railroad museum located in Industry, New York. The museum started in 1971 with the purchase of a former Erie Railroad Depot from the Erie Lackawanna Railroad. Since then the museum has grown to include a two mile long demonstration railroad operated in conjunction with the New York Museum of Transportation (NYMT). The museum was formerly an operation of the Rochester Chapter National Railway Historical Society.
History.
Site history.
The site of the RGVRRM has been home to railroading since 1851, the year when the Rochester and Genesee Valley Railroad was chartered. This depot served the nearby village of Scottsville, approximately three miles to the west, from 1853 to 1874. The depot provided the village with daily mail, express, and passenger service by means of an omnibus. In 1858 the Rochester and Genesee Valley Railroad was leased to the Buffalo, New York & Erie Railroad, which in turn was controlled by the Erie Railway. By 1874 the Rochester and State Line Railroad reached the village of Scottsville proper, and the Erie depot became less attractive to local citizens. The Rochester and State Line would eventually become part of the Baltimore & Ohio, currently operated by Rochester & Southern Railroad.
In the early part of the 20th century, the Erie electrified the line from downtown Rochester to Mount Morris, NY. This was the only part of the Erie that was electrified. The 34-mile electric line was put into service on June 18, 1907. The route from Rochester to Mount Morris was covered in about an hour and ten minutes, and hourly service was provided from 6:00am to 11:30pm. The improvements never managed to pay for themselves, and electric service was discontinued in 1934.
In 1960 the Erie merged with the Delaware, Lackawanna & Western to form the Erie Lackawanna Railroad. As a result of general economic downturn and the devastation in the aftermath of 1972’s Hurricane Agnes, Erie Lackawanna became a part of Conrail 1976. In 1996, the short-line Livonia, Avon and Lakeville Railroad acquired the line and continues to operate the former Erie branch today.
Throughout the railroads' presence, the depot has had several names. At first it was named Scottsville, for the nearby village. Once a railroad was built through Scottsville, the name of the depot was changed to Oatka, named for Oatka Creek, which flows into the nearby Genesee River. In 1902, the "State Agricultural & Industrial School," a school for troubled boys, relocated to the Town of Rush. When the current depot was constructed in about 1909, the name was changed to Industry, to reflect the small community that the School had created.
Museum history.
The Rochester Chapter was founded in 1937, and by the late 1960s was ready to start a museum due to the ongoing acquisition of artifacts and rolling stock. After a survey of several locations around Rochester, New York, the former Erie Depot, located in Industry, was selected. The depot was built in 1909 as "Oatka," later changed to "Industry" after the newly established state school for boys. The depot features two waiting rooms, separated by the agent’s office. It was custom of the time to provide separate waiting areas for men and women. In later years, the separate waiting room was used to segregate inmates from the state school from the public.
The last passenger train stopped at Industry on September 30, 1941, and the depot was closed in 1950. Over the years, the Erie survived a few name changes and bankruptcies and merged with its long-time competitor to form the Erie Lackawanna Railway in 1960. The Rochester Chapter was seeking a home and possible museum site for its activities, and discovered Industry depot was available. The depot had been abandoned since 1957, and by December 1969, the Rochester Chapter had adopted it as their new home. The depot was purchased outright from EL in 1971 for the ceremonial sum of $1.00. After years of restoration by volunteers, the Depot has been restored to how it would have appeared in the 1930s.
Since acquiring the depot, the museum has been growing both facilities and expanding track capacity. The site had no available sidings, even though the Eire Lackawanna was still in use for freight service. By 1979 volunteers had constructed enough track to receive the first piece of equipment, a Buffalo, Rochester & Pittsburgh Railway caboose. In 1981, the RGVRRM got its first locomotive, EK 6, recently retired from Eastman Kodak. Volunteers started to acquire additional railroad and construction equipment. This led to the eventual completion of a railroad connecting the RGVRRM with the NYMT, completed in 1995. 
Since 1996, the two independent museums have been operating track cars, or Speeders, between both locations over the demonstration railroad. In addition to track cars, diesel-hauled trains are operated for special events. Partner organization NYMT is actively electrifying the railroad to provide 600-volt overhead power for the operation of their two former Philadelphia and Western Railroad interurbans. In 1998, the museum began their popular Diesel Days weekend celebration, in cooperation with the NYMT, showcasing the collection of operating vintage diesels for the public. The museum continues to grow and expand, with additional storage space planned to house its unique collection of equipment.
The museum is unique as it is one of the only operating railroad museums in New York State, and the only railroad museum connected to another railroad museum (sister organization NYMT) by an operating two-mile demonstration railroad constructed by volunteers. The museum prides itself on maintaining most of its collection in operating condition, which further enhances the visitor experience.
Collection.
The collection of the Rochester & Genesee Valley Railroad Museum is quite extensive. The RGVRRM rosters 10 locomotives, 13 freight cars, 15 pieces of passenger equipment and various other pieces of rail equipment. Of note, distinctive high-hood "Hammerhead" Lehigh Valley Railroad RS3m 211 is part of the operating collection. The museum is also home to the sole remaining trolley car (Car # 60) from the Rochester Subway fleet, returned to Rochester Chapter in 1998 after being on loan and later in storage for many years. In 1998 a steel building was erected to assist in the preservation and restoration of equipment. 2007 saw the arrival of the seven Budd-built 1941-vintage Empire State Express coaches that are used for Fall Foliage trips, most recently hosted by Ontario Midland Railroad.
Because Rochester is known as the "World's Image Center" and is associated with photography and the home of Eastman Kodak, the museum boasts an extensive collection of photos. Of note is the collection of steam-era images from Robert Carper, a Rochester native who authored "American Railroads in Transition." Many of the photos from that book are now in the museum's collection, and on display for visitors to enjoy.
Other artifacts include an extensive collection of signaling equipment. Rochester was home to General Railway Signal, and as such the installation and operation of signals on the railroad is a long term goal. Items include an operating semaphore, searchlights, an under restoration Saxby and Farmer armstrong machine and a Union Switch and Signal CTC Machine.
Locomotives.
For additional information on these locomotives, see the roster page.
Passenger equipment.
The museum owns a variety of passenger equipment. In 1988, the chapter as well as several members acquired five ex-New York Central Budd built 1941 stainless steel coaches from Metro-North Railroad; followed in 1990 by an additional coach, and in 1992 a baggage-rpo. Over the years, these cars were used for scenic excursions. As of 2008, they are being refurbished with new window glazing and improved heating systems. Another noteworthy car is the "Pine Falls," a 1939 Pullman built sleeper-lounge for the Pennsylvania Railroad. The museum also has in its collection the last car from the last train of ex-Lackawanna DC-electric MU's to depart from Hoboken Terminal in 1984. Two baggage cars are also part of the collection. An ex-Baltimore & Ohio baggage car serves as a tool car and workshop, while an ex-Lackawanna baggage car has been refurbished to house displays. An ex-Pennsylvania Railroad class B60 Railway Post Office is currently being refurbished to house additional displays.
Freight equipment.
There are a total of 13 pieces of freight equipment in the collection. The oldest piece in the collection is an ex-New York Central 40 foot flat car built in 1907. Most often used are two cabooses. Erie C254 was restored in the mid-1990s and sees regular service. It was constructed by the Erie Railroad at their Dunmore, PA Shops in 1946. Penn Central 18562 was built in East Rochester, New York in 1969 at the Despatch Shops. It was donated in 1996 by Conrail to the museum where it was restored to its original Penn Central appearance. MDT 14053 is an ice-cooled refrigerated boxcar built by Pacific Car and Foundry, and houses displays related to the Despatch Shops in East Rochester, where thousands of cars like it were built until 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="20334653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334653" title="Callambulyx rubricosa">
Callambulyx rubricosa

Callambulyx rubricosa is a species of moth of the Sphingidae family. It is known from the Nepal, north-eastern India, south-western China, Thailand, Vietnam and Java.
The wingspan is about 132 mm. It is very similar to "Callambulyx amanda", but the hindwing upperside lacks a prominent black marking near the tornus.

</doc>
<doc id="20334673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334673" title="Zdeněk Doležal">
Zdeněk Doležal

Zdeněk Doležal (born September 1, 1931) is a pair skater who competed internationally for Czechoslovakia. He was born in Prague. With partner Věra Suchánková, he is the 1957 & 1958 European Champion and the 1958 World silver medalist. They represented Czechoslovakia at the 1956 Winter Olympics and placed 8th.

</doc>
<doc id="20334683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334683" title="Dan Mullins">
Dan Mullins

Dan Mullins (born 15 June 1978) is an English metal drummer. He is most known for being the drummer of the death/doom metal band My Dying Bride. Mullins has cited drummers such as Buddy Rich, Mike Portnoy, Sean Reinert, and Paul Mazurkiewicz as influences.
Other Work.
Dan stood in for Chthonic's drummer at Bloodstock 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20334702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334702" title="Victor Rivera">
Victor Rivera

Víctor Rivera was a Puerto Rican professional wrestler. Between 1967 and 1981, he held the NWA Americas Tag Team Championship 12 times, the NWA Americas Heavyweight Championship five times, the WWF International Tag Team Championship, and numerous other titles.
Professional wrestling career.
In the late 1960s, Rivera wrestling in Los Angeles' World Wrestling Association, where he won the WWA World Tag Team Championship with Pedro Morales.
In December 1969, Rivera teamed with Tony Marino at Madison Square Garden to win the WWWF International Tag Team Championship in 2 straight falls from Professor Toru Tanaka and Mitsu Arakawa. Rivera and Marino defended the belts successfully against teams like Killer Kowalski & Waldo Von Erich, as well as Kowalski & Krippler Karl Kovacs. They lost the championship against another undefeated team, The Mongols (Bepo and Geto Mongol) on June 15, 1970, 2 falls to 1 at Madison Square Garden. On May 13, 1975, Rivera and Dominic DeNucci won the WWWF World Tag Team Championship from The Valiant Brothers. That same year, he also teamed with a rookie Dino Bravo to challenge The Mongols (Geto & Bolo Mongol) for the IWA World Tag Team Championship.
After leaving the WWF, he feuded with Pedro Morales in Hawaii and California. In 1978 Rivera returned to the WWWF as a heel under manager "Classy" Freddie Blassie and challenged Bob Backlund for the WWWF title in several cities, including at the Philadelphia Spectrum. Rivera left the WWWF again in 1979, never to return, although as time has gone on he's been confused with Mac Rivera, aka Jose Luis Rivera, who wrestled in the WWWF from 1982 - 1987. In 1980, Rivera was once again wrestling in Los Angeles. In the National Wrestling Alliance, he won the NWA World Tag Team Championship with Enforcer Luciano. Johnny Rivera, who wrestled in the WWWF from 1975 - 1977 and again as Invader III from 1983 - 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20334710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334710" title="God Love Her">
God Love Her

"God Love Her" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Toby Keith, found on his 2008 album, "That Don't Make Me a Bad Guy", from which it was released as the second single and on the chart week of March 7, 2009, the song became Keith's 18th Number One song on the Hot Country Songs chart. Keith co-wrote the song with Vicky McGehee.
Content.
"God Love Her" is a moderate up-tempo accompanied by electric guitar. It describes the narrator's love for a preacher's daughter, who despite her own rebellious nature ("she was baptized in dirty water") saves the narrator's "soul from the devil".
Reception.
Jim Malec, a reviewer of The 9513, gave the song a "thumbs up" rating. He described the song as "pretty damn solid", and said that despite its clichéd theme, it was well executed and Keith's vocals showed a "sense of urgency." Dan Milliken, reviewing the song for Country Universe, gave it a C rating. He said that the song "sounds like something any ol’ southern rock wannabe might ship to country radio; instead, it’s coming from one of the genre’s modern greats." He then goes on to say that "it’s a cheesy and overblown little piece." 
Music video.
A music video was released on October 20, 2008 for the song, directed by Michael Salomon. The video, which stars actress Jillian Nelson, follows the lyrics of the song. The girl is shown in sitting alone in a church, then going outside to run through the woods with a boy. She later gets on the back of his motorcycle and they are shown driving through the countryside. Included with these are scenes of Keith performing the song outside the church and inside a house. It was the only video released from this album.
On January 30, 2009 the music video for "God Love Her" took the top spot of CMT's "Top Twenty Countdown", where it remained for 2 weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="20334718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334718" title="Alouette Lake">
Alouette Lake

Alouette Lake, originally Lillooet Lake and not to be confused with the lake of that name farther north, is a lake and reservoir in Maple Ridge, British Columbia, Canada. It is located at the southeast foot of the mountain group known as the Golden Ears and is about 8 km in length on a northeast-southwest axis. It and the Alouette River, formerly the Lillooet River, were renamed in 1914 to avoid confusion with the larger river and lake farther north, with "Alouette", the French word for "lark", being chosen as being melodious and reminiscent of the original name in tone.
Most of the basin of Alouette Lake has never been logged and its north flank is protected as part of Golden Ears Provincial Park (formerly part of Garibaldi Provincial Park until that park's division). A small portion of the lake and its largely inaccessible northwestern shore, near its narrows, are actually part of the District of Mission due to the rectangular shape of that district's boundary. North of the portion of the lake that is in Mission, the rest of its northern end is not in either municipality.
Alouette Dam.
Originally only 2 km in length, the lake was considerably expanded by the construction of the Alouette Dam at , which is along the upper reaches of the South Alouette River. A long tunnel connects Alouette Lake and Stave Lake. At the end of the tunnel is a penstock which feeds the small Alouette Powerhouse, an 8 MW power station operated by BC Hydro, which lies midway along the west shore of Stave Lake. There is no powerhouse at the dam, however, as the point of the reservoir is to feed the tunnel through the flank of the ridge between Mounts Crickmer and Robie Reid. A former railway grade leading to the dam along the river was also used as a logging railway.
Facilities.
A large public beach, picnic site and campground that are part of the provincial park are located on the lake's western shore.

</doc>
<doc id="20334722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334722" title="Johann Georg Macasius">
Johann Georg Macasius

Johann Georg Macasius (1617–1653) was a German physician. He was born in Eger, Bohemia (part of the Holy Roman Empire, now in the Czech republic).
Education.
He received the Medicinae Doctorate from the University of Jena in 1638 under Johannes Musaeus with a thesis entitled "De Natura Et Causis Externis." In 1640, he received a second Medicinae Doctorate from the University of Jena under Balthasar Widmarcter with a thesis entitled "Disputatio de inflammatione."

</doc>
<doc id="20334747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334747" title="Mark Borboran">
Mark Borboran

Mark Anthony Rosales Borboran (Born November 1, 1981)is a Filipino professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association who currently plays for the Air21 Express.
He went to college at the University of the East where he was a vital cog to his college team. Borboran is 6-4 small forward who can shoot, rebound, and pass. He was drafted sixth overall in the 2008 PBA Draft by the Air21 Express but was then traded to the Alaska Aces during draft night.
Borboran was part of the UE Red Warriors squad that swept the elimination round (14-0) of the 2007 UAAP season. He won a spot on the mythical team on the same year. He played for Hapee Toothpaste in the amateur league, alongside future top pick Gabe Norwood, which entered the finals twice but lost twice to Harbour Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="20334776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334776" title="Pripyat amusement park">
Pripyat amusement park

The Pripyat amusement park in Pripyat, Ukraine is an abandoned amusement park. It was to be opened on May 1, 1986 in time for the May Day celebrations (decorations for this event are still in place in Pripyat today) but the plans were interrupted when on April 26 the Chernobyl disaster occurred a few kilometers away. The park was opened for a couple of hours on April 27 to keep the city people entertained before the announcement to evacuate the city was made. Today, the park, and in particular the Ferris wheel are a symbol of the Chernobyl disaster. The amusement park itself is located behind the Palace of Culture in the centre of the city.
Attractions.
The park had four attractions: the symbolic Ferris wheel, bumper cars, swing boats, and a paratrooper ride. Photographers are known to place stuffed toys in the Ferris wheel to reflect its sadness.
Radiation.
Radiation levels around the park vary; the liquidators washed radiation into the soil after the helicopters carrying radioactive materials used the grounds as a landing strip, so concreted areas are relatively safe. However, areas where moss has built up are dangerously high; some areas can emit 25 µSv/h, among the highest levels of radiation in the whole of Pripyat.
Films and games.
The park appears in the video games ', ', in film Chernobyl Diaries and is also the inspiration for Atlantic Island Park in "The Secret World".

</doc>
<doc id="20334799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334799" title="Claremont Avenue">
Claremont Avenue

Claremont Avenue is a short avenue in the Manhattan borough of New York City. It begins at 116th Street and runs north for a length of eleven blocks until it ends at Tiemann Place (the western segment of 127th Street). 
South of 120th Street, the eastern side of Claremont Avenue features the heavily fortified backside of the Barnard College campus. The western side features various Columbia University professors' apartments, including that of Austin Quigley, the former dean of Columbia College (having ceded his post in July 2010), as well as Columbia and Barnard undergraduate residence halls. 
North of 120th Street, Riverside Church is on the west and the Union Theological Seminary on the east sides of the street. Beyond this, the street passes between Sakura Park and the International House of New York to the west, and the Manhattan School of Music to the east, occupying the former Juilliard School building located at 130 Claremont Ave (prior to the latter institution's relocation to Lincoln Center in 1969). For the last few blocks, apartment buildings line the street. An outcropping of schist interrupts the row of buildings on the west side of the street between La Salle Street and Tiemann Place.
The intersection of 116th Street and Claremont Avenue has been formally declared the windiest in New York City. This is largely because two of the surrounding buildings have curved shapes that funnel the wind. As a result, students and professors in neighboring buildings face a bitterly cold walk to campus on many mornings in the winter months.

</doc>
<doc id="20334808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334808" title="List of The Den characters">
List of The Den characters

One of the successes of Irish children's television programme, "The Den" has been its ability to continually produce an array of successful characters, many of whom have gone on to achieve fame in other fields both nationally and internationally. The main characters are summarised below.
Generation I.
The Generation I characters include extraterrestrials Zig and Zag and their dog Zuppy, all of whom were present during the original "Dempsey's Den". Zig and Zag left in 1994 but Zuppy remained to become one of the longest serving members of "The Den" team alongside Don Conroy.
Zig and Zag.
The first, and possibly the most famous, of the puppets were the original Zig and Zag, two ten year-old alien twins from the planet Zog. These were a very successful franchise on their own, spawning parody tapes, comic books and car toys. A popular toy throughout the late 1980s were zogabongs, the unusual antennae on both Zig's and Zag's heads.
Zig and Zag arrived from the Planet Zog hoping to collect jokes. They were adopted by the young television presenter, Ian Dempsey, and became regular features on "Dempsey's Den" whilst living at Number Ten Celebrity Square (it has since been demolished and now has a Lidl on it). At first they would appear separately on designated days of the week and once a week together, then their appearances became more frequent. Zag was responsible for introducing Dustin to celebrity acclaim when he won him in a golf game, however both he and Zig had a difficult relationship with the turkey. An offer arrived from Channel 4 and the two extraterrestrials left "The Den" in December, 1993. 
Zig and Zag received a presenting job on Channel 4's "The Big Breakfast", whereas Zuppy, Soky and Dustin remained. Zig and Zag returned to Ireland in the late 1990s to host "2Phat", a music-quiz show along with their father, Ray D'Arcy, in which students had the chance to win a limited edition scooter. The show ran for two seasons and was well received. Other popular characters on the show were Velcro Girl, DJ Lee, Zag's alter ego Reverend Groove and Zag's alter ego Captain Pillowcase. After a period of disappearance, they returned to launch a multi-layered assault on the media in October/November 2008, first featuring on their own television special, "Best Bitz From Back Den" and later appearing on the prime-time chat show, "Twiggery Tonight", and their old father's radio show, "The Ray D'Arcy Show", to promote its release as a DVD.
Zuppy.
Zig and Zag have a dog called Zuppy, who rarely appeared but was more used in comic books. Zuppy is blue with pink zogabongs and tends to make rather high-pitched yelping barking noises akin to dogs of Earthly origin. He used to maul Zag for no apparent reason. Zag was repeatedly left smarting from these encounters, during which Zuppy would growl. The other members of the Den saw this as friendly play between the two, and Zag often seemed unsure of Zuppy's attitude towards him. Zuppy got his name from John Balfe after responding to a competition. In return he got a year's supply of lollipops from Chupa Chups. Zuppy occasionally still feature in programming, alongside Socky in the early morning shows.
Generation II.
The Generation II characters began to be introduced just before Zig and Zag's departure, most notably Dustin the Turkey, who was won by Zag in a game of golf. Characters such as Soky, Ted, Podge and Snotser were present throughout the D'Arcy era and, with the exception of Podge (who moved to late night television show "A Scare at Bedtime" with brother Rodge after both were thwarted in their evil attempts to ruin Christmas), into the McCaul era.
Dustin.
Another regular on the programme, and another of the most famous, from December 1989 right up until now has been Dustin the Turkey. Dustin was originally introduced when Zag won him for coming last in a golf tournament against Ronan Collins. Originally intended to be cooked, Dustin remained unaware of his impending fate as Christmas approached. However, the cast were emotionally moved by this and could not bring themslelves to kill and stuff him. There is also a school of thought that Dustin was originally conceived as a turkey vulture, which would be consistent with his rather large and most un-turkeylike beak. However, as he became increasingly involved with Christmas pantomime shows in Dublin, and releasing CDs aimed at the Christmas market, he seems to have mutated into a turkey (the usual bird for Christmas dinner in Ireland) and most of those who remember his origins are now adults. He is portrayed as a builder from the Dublin Northside. Dustin was spun off to his own programme, "DDN" ("Dustin's Daily News"), in the September 2005 re-launch (see above), and later received another show, "The Once a Week Show". The turkey went on to represent Ireland in the 2008 Eurovision Song Contest, where he did not qualify from the semi-final. On Today FM's "The Ray D'Arcy Show" on 14 November 2008, Dustin was co-erced into "doing the flap-flaps" for a live audience at Vicar Street - "The Den" team would regularly co-erce Dustin, through use of flattering comparisons, into doing the "flap-flaps" (a unique and humorous dance with his wings), the result of which was that everyone was supposed to collapse into convulsions of laughter.
Snotser.
Merely an offstage voice for many years, Snotser Galligan was an extremely high-voiced member of Dustin's construction crew. Being left to the imagination of viewers for the longest time, he was finally seen in the closing seconds of the first episode of the "treehouse season" during "Den TV". The rest of the cast (and the audience) had been awaiting his arrival for the entire episode, but D'Arcy Dustin and Socky submissively exited for home, leaving the audience to think that Snotser would remain an unseen, offstage character. However, as the episode was just about to end, Snotser entered the now deserted studio apologising for being late. He was revealed to be a large, pink pig. Snotser was a fairly popular character and appeared on several tracks of Dustin's parody album "Faith of Our Feathers". Possessing a deeply high-pitched voice he was known for his catchphrase: "Ah yeah, top man!" He is on hiatus.
Socky.
Socky (sometimes spelt "Soky") the sock monster was introduced just after the departure of Zig and Zag on the 10th of January 1994, and is targeted towards the younger viewers. He was presented as a pre-school character, whose naivety increased his affection values. He is not , although in recent years he is more commonly there during the early morning shows. Socky is a Sock Monster, who has old, used socks for hair. Young viewers were invited to send their smelly socks to "The Den" as presents which would be gifted to Soky. His prized possession was his blue bucket. He has a cat, called Charly and often mentions his best friend Thomas from playschool. He is nowadays the only puppet who frequently appears.
Charlie.
Charlie is Soky's pet cat. He is known for his jokes and sense of humor. He had a deathmatch with Zuppy. Charlie lasts to the show with the Big 3—Dustin, Soky and Zuppy.
Ted.
Not really a puppet, but a soft plush, Ted was a running in-joke between Dempsey/D'Arcy and Zig and Zag. He has appeared since, but rarely. Ted was a possessed stuffed panda who rarely appeared, but every few shows a photo of him either in a famous location or launching an attack on a famous person or a viewer would be shown. He would regularly appear in the studio, but only when the presenter was missing from the shot. Later, a running joke where Ray D'Arcy wrestled with him was introduced, which involved the (quite large) stuffed toy being hurled at D'Arcy (whether he was expecting it or not), who then had to wrestle with it and hurl it offscreen again. It usually seemed to be quite tiring for him - especially when the crew would wickedly throw Ted right back at him after he tossed him offscreen.
One running gag involving Ted had Zig and Zag tell him to "Keep it down Ted!" Of course, Ted never actually made a sound.
D'Arcy himself admitted on his radio show that Ted only tended to attack on days when he was hungover or not feeling the best. This always happened when Dustin was absent, and afterwards he wouldn't believe D'Arcy that Ted had attacked him. Ted left after FBJ's departure, and later appeared in the opening credits of "iD". He was last heard of breaking through security at Vicar Street to attack D'Arcy when he presented his morning radio show from the venue. This was about half an hour after the Today FM newsreader, Sinead Spain, ominously aired a newsflash that a UFO had been spotted flying over Drogheda with no sign of life on board. D'Arcy was heard to wrestle the bear to the ground; later comparisons seemed to indicate that this particular Ted was at least one foot taller than D'Arcy.
Podge.
Podge was an evil boy-like puppet, who in all his appearances caused mischief and instigated conspiracies. He would usually appear when only Zag was around, and fool him into some badness. Podge convinced Zag to listen to his instructions, often citing "All I want is a friend and a cuddle". Zag set up his own 5 minute segment named the Podge and Zag Show and play around with the puppet only to be interrupted by a mocking Zig. In later years, Podge terrorised the whole cast. One year he took over the whole show and fired them all, renaming the show "Bun's Bungalow" and promising wall-to-wall Echo Island all day, every day. At the end of the programme it was all shown to have been a horrible dream... or was it? Another year, at the end of Dustin's spoof presidential campaign, he fooled the cast into believing that Dustin had won the election. Podge was joined by his brother Rodge from this point onwards.
Podge's television career did not end when he left "The Den". He later reappeared co-hosting his own show "A Scare at Bedtime" alongside Rodge. When that proved popular, the two were given their own chat show "The Podge and Rodge Show" set in their country home, Ballydung Manor, which further enhanced their popularity.
Generation III.
The Generation III characters were introduced in the post-McCaul era, in particular through the use of spin-off shows. Martin Duck was a feature of the mock news episodes, "Dustin's Daily News".
Simon and Stephen Trowel.
The second most recent addition to the line of 'evil' puppets after Martin Duck, Simon Trowel (an obvious pun on Simon Cowell) is a miserable "twin" of Dustin, though he insists he is a troll rather than a turkey. Most recently, before Halloween 2005, he kidnapped Dustin and tried to take his place, so he could steal the prizes available in the special Halloween pumpkin game. He made Francis and Socky drink a special brew that made them think he was Dustin. When they went off set, the TV screen at the back would show Dustin locked away, begging the viewers to help him get out and tell Francis and Socky that Simon Trowel's out there instead of him. On some occasions Simon was there when this happened, and he sneered at Dustin, declaring to the viewers that they would never get him out. Dustin eventually escaped however and it was actually reported on RTÉ News that he has been spotted running down the M50 the day he escaped.
However, Simon's 'character' now appears to have been rewritten, as on 2 October 2005 he appeared alongside Dustin in a sketch on "Dustin's Daily News", in which they tried to get a rock music contract, and he was introduced to the record producer as being Dustin's cousin.
Simon Trowel's brother, Stephen, never appeared. Presumably of his shy, sneaky nature.
It's been suggested a picture of Simon Trowel be inserted
Martin Duck.
A more recent "evil" puppet, Martin Duck is a mysterious duck who began "hacking" into transmissions of the mock-news epic, "Dustin's Daily News", from a makeshift studio in a garden shed in January 2006. He seems to have some sort of grudge against Dustin, who declared him a "wanted duck" and began distributing wanted posters to viewers who wrote, texted or e-mailed in to "DDN". Eventually, Duck was tracked down to a shed in Blackpool, County Cork, on property believed to be owned by a P. Carleton. Duck then went on the run to elude capture. He soon resumed his pirate broadcasts from a "secret" location, giving viewers cryptic clues as to where that location was. A huge prize package was offered to the person who finally captured Martin, as he stepped up his campaign against Dustin by hijacking certain elements of his show, such as taking over one of the regional RTÉ studios to "play" the "Dustin's Masterbrain" game, and kidnapping Dustin's co-presenter, Sinéad and taking her place on one show. In the final show of the season, on 29 April 2006, Duck was located and forcibly removed from his underground hiding place in Limerick. Later he said he is now dustins biggest fan. He has not been seen since.
Magic Bunny.
Magic Bunny is a rabbit who lives in a hat. He talks in a high pitched voice and is a good friend of Socky and Zuppy. Magic Bunny usually appears alongside Zuppy.
Generation IV.
Generation IV marked a new era for the puppets of the Den, Which was changed to RTEJr. Socky, Zuppy, Dustin and Magic Bunny left without explanation and a new cast of Puppets appeared.
Ogie.
Ogie is a blue, furry alien, rabbit like creature who comes from the planet Hubble. Ogie stays with Emma while trying to get home. Ogie frequently talks to his mother and father via compouter.
Mammy.
Ogie's mother, whom he calls Mammy is very similar to Ogie, she is pink instead of blue and wears pearls around her neck. She frequently talks to Ogie via computer
Daddy.
Ogie's father, whom he calls Daddy, is similar to Oqie, although he does have a beard. He frequently talks to Oqie via computer.
Bo.
Bo (the Irish for cow) is a brown and white calf who stays with Reuben, a friend of Emma. Although Bo was introduced at the same time as Oqie and his family, she is rarely seen with him.

</doc>
<doc id="20334825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334825" title="Tony dela Cruz">
Tony dela Cruz

Anthony Bryan B. dela Cruz (born on August 24, 1978 in California, USA), better known simply as Tony dela Cruz, is a Filipino professional basketball player for the Alaska Aces in the Philippine Basketball Association.
Dela Cruz is a Fil-American who had a stint in the US NCAA and was named as Shell’s direct hire recruit in 1999. He became a legitimate PBA All-Star player with the Shell Turbo Chargers and was dealt to the Aces prior to Shell's exit from the PBA before the start of the 2005-2006 season.
He can play multiple positions and is popular among fans and well liked by fellow players. dela Cruz can put the ball on the floor and drive to the basket when needed but prefers to catch and shoot from midrange, from about 10 to 15 feet. He is also a former member of the RP National Basketball Team.

</doc>
<doc id="20334826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334826" title="Mount Crickmer">
Mount Crickmer

Mount Crickmer is one of the southernmost summits of the Garibaldi Ranges of the Coast Mountains, overlooking the Central Fraser Valley in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia, Canada. Forming a rocky knoll at the northern end of a relatively flat-topped southeast-northwest axis ridge named Blue Mountain, which divides the basin of Alouette Lake, which lies immediately below it to the west, and the valley of the Stave River; Stave Lake is immediately at its eastern foot. A northerly ridge towards Mount Robie Reid, the next summit northwards, forms a col at Florence and Morgan Lakes low enough to give Crickmer a considerable prominence of 1049m. Beneath that col there is a diversion tunnel feeding the waters of Alouette Lake to the Alouette Powerhouse on Stave Lake.
Crickmer is the highest point in the District of Mission and was named on April 1, 1957 for the Reverend William Burton Crickmer, the first rector of the Church of St. John the Divine, at Derby (Old Fort Langley) in 1859.

</doc>
<doc id="20334842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334842" title="Highvale Secondary College">
Highvale Secondary College

Highvale Secondary College is a government coeducational secondary school located in the Glen Waverley area of Melbourne, Australia. It has approximately 1000 students and for years (Grades) 7-12. The focus of Highvale is on Engagement, Positive Relationships, Leadership and Community. 
The College is separated into five blocks and an oval, separated into a football field and two soccer fields. The CC gym block is one big building whereas the R block is composed of portable classes. The S block is a long building about 50 meters long, with a new Study Center for VCE students. The H block and A block are both the same building type as the S block building, with the A block including a covered courtyard and a canteen at one end. 
The main office is located in about 1/4 of the H block and is easy to find

</doc>
<doc id="20334844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334844" title="CD Puerta Bonita">
CD Puerta Bonita

Club Deportivo Puerta Bonita is a Spanish football club based in Carabanchel, city of Madrid, in the namesake autonomous community. Founded in 1942 it plays in Segunda División B – Group 2, holding home games at "Antiguo Canódromo de Carabanchel", which has a capacity of 4,000 spectators.
History.
Puerta Bonita was founded in 1942, being one of the oldest clubs in the city of Madrid. In the 1989–90 season it made its debuts in the fourth division, category to which it returned five years later, for a much longer spell (one full decade).
In the following years, Puerta Bonita fluctuated between the last division of national football and the regional leagues. The team was noted for its youth football organization, being one of the clubs with more players in the Community of Madrid.
Stadium.
"Antiguo Canódromo de Carabanchel" is located on the "Via Carpetana". The stadium, which was previously a greyhound racing track, was completely remodeled by the Madrid city hall, and re-opened in 2007 as a multisports area. 
The ground was opened on 15 May 2007, with a match against Real Madrid Castilla. Before relocating Puerta Bonita historically played at "El Hogar", with a 1,000-seat capacity and a dirt track. It belongs to the city council but is still used by the club.
Current squad.
"As 13 January 2014"
Curiosity.
The film "The World's Longest Penalty" (2004), starring Fernando Tejero, was recorded in the former stadium of Puerta Bonita, "El Hogar".

</doc>
<doc id="20334851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334851" title="John Ferriols">
John Ferriols

Hubert John B. Ferriols (born September 9, 1974 in Davao City, Philippines), better known simply as John Ferriols, is a Filipino professional basketball player for the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters in the Philippine Basketball Association.
A former star in the defunct MBA, Ferriols just could not get the right timing for his career to finally take off in the league. Playing in his third team in his third season in the PBA, this Davao City-born cager still managed to find ways to be useful to the teams that he has played with. He started his career with the Air21 Express and then with Talk 'N Text Phone Pals.
In Alaska, the 6'4" southpaw forward got enough playing time and has improved with the tutelage of Tim Cone, but still a far cry from his dominating presence in the defunct MBA.
Ferriols was signed by the Barangay Ginebra Kings for the 2010 PBA Fiesta Conference. After he was waived by Ginebra, Rain or Shine then signed him.

</doc>
<doc id="20334855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334855" title="Walt Alexander">
Walt Alexander

Walter Ernest Alexander (March 5, 1891 – December 29, 1978) was a former Major League Baseball player. He batted and threw right-handed, and weight 165 pounds. He was a catcher for the St. Louis Browns and the New York Yankees. In 162 career games with the Browns and Yankees, Alexander had 76 hits in 405 at bats (.188 average). He had 1 home run and 24 RBIs.

</doc>
<doc id="20334860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334860" title="Tasos Giannopoulos">
Tasos Giannopoulos

Anastasios (Tasos) Giannopoulos (; 1931 – November 8, 1977) was a Greek actor. He was born in 1931 and died of cancer on November 8, 1977 at the age of 46. He was famous as Kitsou in his movies.

</doc>
<doc id="20334874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334874" title="Ervin Sotto">
Ervin Sotto

Ervin Sotto (born on July 30, 1981 in Las Piñas City, Philippines) is a Filipino professional basketball player. He was the seventh overall pick in the 2004 PBA Draft by the Purefoods Tender Juicy Hotdogs. He also played for the Shell Turbo Chargers, Barangay Ginebra Kings and the Air21 Express before joining the Alaska Aces camp. Sotto was included in one of the most controversial trades in the PBA involving Rudy Hatfield, Billy Mamaril, Rafi Reavis, and Aries Dimaunahan.

</doc>
<doc id="20334899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334899" title="Stray Dogs (1983 film)">
Stray Dogs (1983 film)

Stray Dogs is a 1983 South Korean film directed by Park Cheol-su.

</doc>
<doc id="20334907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334907" title="1982 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1982 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1982 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1982-1983. The Buckeyes compiled a 9–3 record, including the 1982 Holiday Bowl in San Diego, California, where they won 47–17 against the Brigham Young Cougars.

</doc>
<doc id="20334908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334908" title="Mina, Nuevo León">
Mina, Nuevo León

Mina is town and municipality located at northwestern part of the northeastern Mexican state of Nuevo León. The population was 4,309 at the 2005 census. Its name honors Spaniard insurgent general Francisco Javier Mina, who fought for the Mexican side in the independence movement from Spain. Located at the northwestern part of the state of Nuevo León. Mina is a renowned touristic place for its mysticism and legends in the state of Nuevo León.
History.
The municipality is part of a historical region called Valle de Salinas (Spanish for 'Salinas Valley') which was an administrative area of the New Kingdom of León during the Spanish colonial period. It was founded in 1608 by Canarian captain Bernabé de las Casas along with other Spanish and Canarian's settlers establishing the San Francisco de Cañas settlement (Named for Saint Francis of Assisi and 'Cañas', a Spanish word for 'Reeds'), as it was established in a place surrounded by water springs and reeds, possibly around the Salinas River (Nuevo León), which curses across the municipality. San Francisco de Cañas was part of the Valle de las Salinas (Spanish for 'Salinas Valley'). The Salinas Valley was one of the fourteen subdivisions of the New Kingdom of León. It comprised the present-day municipalities of Abasolo, El Carmen, Mina, Hidalgo and Salinas Victoria, being the last one the administrative seat of the Salinas Valley. San Francisco de Cañas, often referred as Cañas until it was created as a municipality on May 31, 1851, therefore it was separated from the Salinas Valley administrative region, and was renamed as Mina. In honor of Spanish general Francisco Javier Mina. 
Since its foundation in the Spanish colonial period and much of the 19th century, the municipality of Mina, and many other regions in Nuevo León and northeastern Mexico, remained isolated from the rest of Mexico, the centralist government of then, did not take up nor support many affairs and problems in the north, where there were a constant war against the native Americans, in the first instance it was against the native Cuanales and Aiguales, subsequently in the late 18th and 19th century, the region was marked by violent Comanche and Apache raids from Texas, before and after it was annexed to the United States, those raiders often came to the region to steal cattle, livestock, properties, and attack the inhabitants. The region, especially the Northern part of Nuevo León, where Mina is located, witnessed many cruelty and fierce battles against the native Americans, this region was often known itself as "tierra de guerra viva" (Spanish: fierce war land). Several sites of historic battles took place in the region, such as in the Hacienda del Muerto, a former agricultural and livestock ranch, which also served as fort during many successful battles. 
By late 1850s, New Leonese governor Santiago Vidaurri, claimed the war had finished and there were no native Americans in the region, after the native Americans in the region were exterminated and the Apache and Comanche raiders were defeated. However in the subsequent years the raids still continued although with much less proportion, until these raids virtually disappeared by late 19th century. However, the short period of peace had finished when the Mexican revolution reached the region, New Leonese general Mariano Escobedo, achieved important victories against Porfirio Díaz forces, who was tremendously defeated in the Icamole fields, outside the Hacienda del Muerto. Although the victory was for the locals, this war attached a decreasing period for the Hacienda del Muerto, which did not fully recovered its golden age of several years ago, as well as, the Mexican revolution imposed a policy applied throughout all the country during the Mexican revolution which affected the state properties. The hacienda del Muerto, regarded as one of the most important historic sites in the state of Nuevo León, was sold in the early 20th century, later abandoned and it remained in ruins, almost isolated for many years. 
In 1989 were discovered a great mammoth fossil by an expedition of paleontologists in the municipality, which arose the interest of creating a paleontology museum in Mina, which is now the Bernabé de las Casas museum. In recent years has been an increasing interest in developing tourism in Mina as well as in the Salinas valley region, Nuevo León and Northeastern Mexico.
Geography.
Mina is the sixth largest municipality in Nuevo León, though it has one of the lowest population density among municipalities, being just ahead of Vallecillo and Parás. Mina borders north with the municipality of Candela, west with Castaños and southwest with Ramos Arizpe in the state of Coahuila, and northeast with the municipalities of Bustamante and Villaldama, east with Salinas Victoria and Hidalgo, and south with García, all in the state of Nuevo León.
Vegetation in this region consists of several types of desert bushes, Huisache ("Vachellia farnesiana" var. "farnesiana"), mesquite ("Prosopis" spp.), "Echinocereus enneacanthus", "Opuntia" spp., as well as Lechuguilla ("Agave lechuguilla"), Sotol ("Dasylirion texanum") are abundant throughout the municipality, and there are several endemic plants, among them are Candelilla ("Euphorbia antisyphilitica"), Damiana ("Turnera diffusa"), La Gobernadora ("Larrea tridentata"), Hojasen ("Flourensia cernua"), Mariola ("Parthenium incanum") and many other which have been less studied. Also, walnut, willow, pine, Oyamel ("Abies religiosa"), lantrisco, Antelope Bush ("Purshia plicata"), Tasajillo ("Opuntia leptocaulis") are found in the highlands of the municipality close to Minas Viejas and Caja Pinta mountain range. According to recent excavations in the ejido Boca de potrerillos in this municipality, have been found at twelve meters underground, several rests of carbonized nogal, willow and several types of pine which contrasts with the present-day plants abundant in Boca de Potrerillos, which is predominantly desert, carbon 14 tests, pointed out the rests go back several centuries ago, this is an evidence about how vegetation and ecosystem has been changing through the years.
Fauna includes Nine-banded Armadillo, Coyote, American Badger, rattlesnake, deer, fox, rabbit, Greater Roadrunner, Raccoon, Great Horned Owl, and prairie dog, there are also, several other types of mammals, birds and reptiles.

</doc>
<doc id="20334913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334913" title="John Fleming (U.S. politician)">
John Fleming (U.S. politician)

John Calvin Fleming, Jr. (born July 5, 1951) is an American politician, physician, and businessman who has served as the U.S. Representative for Louisiana's 4th congressional district since 2009. Fleming, a member of the Republican Party, is from Minden, Louisiana. A member of Sons of the American Revolution and the Jamestowne Society, Fleming is only the second Republican to hold his seat since Reconstruction.
Early life, education and family.
Fleming was born in Meridian in Lauderdale County in eastern Mississippi. He grew up in a working class home in which his mother became disabled and could not work when he was still young. Just prior to his high school graduation, Fleming's father died of a heart attack, and he had to work his way through college. He attended the University of Mississippi in Oxford, MS and was awarded his Bachelor of Science degree in 1973. He went on to attend medical school at the same university, but at the Jackson, MS campus and received his M.D. degree in 1976. He entered the United States Navy to continue his medical training in 1976 and served until 1982 after completing his residency in 1979. Fleming and his wife, Cindy, married in 1978. The couple has four children.
Medical career.
After earning his medical degree, Fleming was chief resident in family medicine at the Naval Regional Medical Center in Camp Pendleton, California. He also trained at the drug and alcohol treatment unit at the Navy Regional Medical Center in Long Beach, California. Serving in the Navy after his residency, Fleming practiced family medicine on the island of Guam. From 1979 to 1981, he was the director of drug and alcohol treatment and chairman of the Navy Family Advocacy Committee. He subsequently performed similar duties in Charleston, South Carolina.
After leaving the Navy, Fleming established his practice in Minden in August 1982. His first clinic was on Pearl Street across from the United States Post Office. He chose Minden for his city of residence because, in his words, it "has small-town charm, warm essence of life, long, lazy summer days with watermelon cuts and family reunions." To attract patients to his new practice, Fleming announced evening and Saturday morning hours to accommodate working people and students.
Fleming received a certification from the American Board of Family Practice and joined the staff of the Minden Medical Center. Fleming also joined the Louisiana Academy of Family Physicians (LAFP). In 2007, he was chosen as the LAFP "Louisiana Family Practice Physician of the Year."
Fleming previously worked with chemically dependent persons through the program called "New Beginnings" at the Minden Medical Center. His book, "Preventing Addiction: What Parents Must Know to Immunize Their Kids Against Drug And Alcohol Addiction" was published in 2006.
Business career.
Fleming is a businessman who owns thirty-three Subway sandwich shops in North Louisiana and Fleming Expansions, LLC, a regional developer for The UPS Store, with outlets in Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas.
Webster Parish coroner.
In 1987, Fleming entered the race for coroner of Webster Parish against the incumbent, the late Dr. Charles Hancock, but withdrew after learning the position would take too much time from his regular medical duties.
In 1995, he ran for coroner again. He defeated the nonpartisan candidate, Dr. Carlos A. Irizarry, 7,842 votes and 60.6%, to 5,143 votes with 39.6%. Fleming succeeded Democratic incumbent Dr. Carl A. Hines, from Minden, who did not seek re-election.
U.S. House of Representatives.
Elections.
Fleming entered the race for the District 4 House seat after the 21-year incumbent Jim McCrery announced his retirement from the House. Fleming received political support from the LAFP and the American Academy of Family Physicians' (AAFP) political action committee for his campaign.
Fleming supported the FairTax, which would replace the income tax with a flat rate on consumption, as defined in the legislation, of 23 percent of the total payment on personal consumption.
The primary and subsequent runoff election were delayed because of Hurricane Gustav. In the October 4, 2008, Republican closed primary, Fleming ran against Jeff R. Thompson, a lawyer from Bossier City, and Chris Gorman. In the election, no candidate received a majority of the votes. Fleming led with 14,500 votes (35.1 percent), followed by Gorman with 14,072 votes (34.1 percent), and Thompson with 12,693 votes (30.8 percent). This established a primary runoff between Fleming and Gorman which was held on November 4, along with the national presidential election.
In the runoff, Fleming defeated Gorman, 43,012 votes (55.6 percent) to 34,405 (44.4 percent) and carried all but one of the thirteen parishes in the district.
In the 2006 race against McCrery, "Catfish" Kelley ran as a Republican and drew 12 percent of the vote under the old primary format. In 2008, his 3 percent was far more than the margin between Fleming and Carmouche. A plurality is sufficient to win the general election—which, along with the District 2 race, were the last congressional races in the nation in 2008.
Outgoing Vice President Dick Cheney appeared in Shreveport on November 21 to speak at a fundraiser for Fleming. Politico.com indicated that McCrery supports Fleming but had made no official endorsement and had not appeared at any of Fleming's campaign events. On December 2, McCrery spoke on Fleming's behalf in an appearance on "The Moon Griffon Show" radio program, which is syndicated in most Louisiana media markets. He used the argument that Carmouche, if successful, would cast his first vote for Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California.
On December 10, 2008, Paul Carmouche formally conceded the election to Fleming.
Political consultant Lee Fletcher managed Fleming's campaign for Congress and served for the first few months in the term as Fleming's chief of staff. Fletcher died at the age of forty-three on September 30, 2009. He had been the chief of staff to U.S. Representative John Cooksey of Louisiana's 5th congressional district. In 2002, Fletcher lost the 5th District race to Rodney Alexander of Jackson Parish, then a Democrat who later became a Republican in August 2004.
Fleming was unopposed in the Republican primary in 2010 but was challenged by the Democratic nominee, David R. Melville, a United Methodist minister from Bossier City and the brother-in-law of former Governor Buddy Roemer. Artis Cash, a Shreveport community organizer, ran as an Independent in the general election. Buddy Roemer, then still a Republican and later a candidate for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination, supported David Melville in the general election.
Fleming was reelected with 62.3% of the vote. Melville received 32.4% of the popular vote, and Independent candidate Dr. Artis Cash, an African American minister, trailed with 5.3%. Fleming presented himself as an anti-Obama Republican who would work to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. Fleming said that Democratic policies were out of step with his district and most of America.
Fleming was unopposed by a Democratic candidate in his 2012 re-election bid in his district that is 2 to 1 Democratic registration but has a Cook PVI of R +11. In the November 6, 2012 general election, Fleming instead faced opposition from a Libertarian candidate, Randall Lord of Shreveport, a former chiropractor studying psychology at Louisiana State University in Shreveport. Fleming defeated Lord, 187,790 (75.3 percent) to 61,587 (24.7 percent).
On April 4, 2013, Fleming announced that he would not in 2014 seek the United States Senate held since 1997 by the Democratic Mary Landrieu. Instead his colleague, U.S. Representative Bill Cassidy of Baton Rouge, had announced on April 3 that he would challenge Landrieu. In his statement, Fleming said: "For me to enter the race now would risk a contest between two experienced Republican congressmen, potentially offering Senator Landrieu a path back to Washington. I can't let that happen."
In August 2013, Fleming endorsed Republican State Senator Neil Riser of Columbia as his choice to succeed his retiring colleague Rodney Alexander of Jackson Parish in Louisiana's 5th congressional district. The special election to choose a successor to Alexander will be held on October 19.
Tenure.
2011 tax plan comments.
In a September 19, 2011 interview on MSNBC, in which Fleming criticized President Obama's proposed plan to increase taxes on the wealthy, Fleming told host Chris Jansing, "The amount that I have to invest in my business and feed my family is more like $600,000 of that $6.3 million... So by the time I feed my family I have, maybe, $400,000 left over to invest in new locations, upgrade my locations, buy more equipment." When Jansing asked Fleming if he thought the "average person" might be unsympathetic to Fleming's position, Fleming responded, "Class warfare never created a job...This is not about attacking people who make certain incomes. You know in this country, most people feel that being successful in their business is a virtue, not a vice, and once we begin to identify it as a vice, this country is going down."
Fleming's remarks were widely reported and resulted in considerable commentary. Bruce Alpert, of Louisiana newspaper "The Times-Picayune," reported that "on liberal blogs, Fleming was portrayed as insensitive to millions of working Americans who are struggling to meet expenses in the face of high unemployment and stagnant wages." Conservative sources including Bill O'Reilly and the Drudge Report defended Fleming's remarks; Josh Beavers, publisher of the "Minden Press-Herald" in Fleming's hometown, wrote an editorial which stated, "sentiment was only that the more taxes he pays the fewer people he can employ. High taxes on business owners thwart economic activity."
2013 budget cuts statement.
In 2013, Fleming was quoted in "Forbes" as saying:"Republicans in general, we desperately want a reduction in spending to get government back into balance. We would rather take some cuts in areas that we are not comfortable with than have no cuts at all." "Forbes" noted that Fleming's district includes Barksdale Air Force Base and Fort Polk, both major employers. At a discussion in February 2013 in DeRidder, Fleming stated he would not vote to allow the government to cut $600 million from the defense plan.
Fleming voted against the Budget Control Act of 2011, the act which caused the automatic budget sequestration in March 2013.
In this November 21, 2011 statement Fleming criticized the Budget Control Act because of what he called "devastating cuts to military spending." 
2013 work to reform healthcare.
In September 2013, Fleming cosponsored and introduced the Republican Study Committee’s American Health Care Reform Act, as an alternative to the soon-to-be-implemented Affordable Care Act, which Fleming said was “not fixable or repairable.” 
Also in September 2013, Fleming was among several conservative House Republicans who worked to defund and/or delay Obamacare in connection with government funding and debt ceiling legislation. 
2013 efforts to protect religious liberties in the military.
In June 2013, Fleming sponsored an amendment to a Defense spending bill requiring the military to accommodate, except in cases of military necessity, "actions and speech" reflecting the "conscience, moral principles, or religious beliefs of the member." The amendment drew objections from President Obama, who said "commanders need discretion "to address potentially problematic speech and actions within their units." The amendment was approved by the House Armed Services Committee, and a companion measure passed in the Senate.
In July 2013, the U.S. House passed a measure — sponsored by Fleming -- that bars the Defense Department from appointing atheist chaplains. Fleming said ""The notion of an atheist chaplain is nonsensical; it's an oxymoron."
Committee assignments.
Upon his election to the United States House of Representatives, Fleming was assigned to these committees:

</doc>
<doc id="20334921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334921" title="Spectrum Academy- MS118">
Spectrum Academy- MS118

Spectrum Academy
The Spectrum Academy at MS 118 in East Tremont, Bronx is one of four separate academies within the JHS 118 family.
Admission.
"The above is as stated by the Director of Spectrum Academy, Anne Piotrowski"
High-School Enrollment.
Academic advisors in conjunction with our guidance counselor have guided students in the high school selection process. High school acceptances include: Stuyvesant, Bronx High School of Science, Brooklyn Technical High School, Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts, Fashion Industries, Art and Design, Academy for Arts and Sciences, Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis International Careers, Flags, Lehman, Clinton Macy, Manhattan Center, Aquinas, Cardinal Hayes, Monsignor Scanlan, and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="20334923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334923" title="2009 in literature">
2009 in literature

The year 2009 in literature involved some significant events and new books.

</doc>
<doc id="20334933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334933" title="Nechama Tec">
Nechama Tec

Nechama Tec (née Bawnik) (born 15 May 1931) is a Professor Emerita of Sociology at the University of Connecticut. She received her Ph.D. in sociology at Columbia University, where she studied and worked with the sociologist Daniel Bell, and is a Holocaust scholar. Her 1986 book, "When Light Pierced the Darkness" and her 1984 memoir "Dry Tears: The Story of a Lost Childhood" both received the Merit of Distinction Award from the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rit. She is also author of the book "Defiance: The Bielski Partisans" (Oxford University Press, 1993, ISBN 0-19-507595-1) on which the 2008 film "Defiance" is based, as well as a study of women in the holocaust. She was awarded the 1994 International Anne Frank Special Recognition prize for that book.
She was born in Lublin, Poland to a family of Polish Jews in 1931, and was 8 years old in 1939 when Poland was invaded by Germany. After the war she immigrated to Israel and later moved to the United States, where she earned a doctorate at Columbia University.
She is the mother of film director Roland Tec. Her daughter, Leora Tec, is an attorney who did work in the Nazi Hunter Division of the Justice Department (also known as the OSI, or Office of Special Investigations). Her husband, Dr. Leon Tec, was a noted child psychiatrist and author of "Fear of Success" and the autobiography, "Adventure and Destiny".
Nechama Tec was initially shocked by the changes made in adapting her book to make the film "Defiance". The Bielski partisans, for example, never actually went into battle against German tanks. However, after seeing the film a number of times, she confessed to liking it "more and more." In a joint appearance with Roland Tec at a screening of the film in January, 2011 she denied ever being unhappy with the film, and they both agreed that alterations of the story made for dramatic effect in the film did not alter the essential message of the story.
Dr. Tec was appointed to Council of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum and served in 1995 as a Scholar In Residence at the International Institute for Holocaust Research at Yad Vashem, in Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="20334947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334947" title="Poisonous Mentality">
Poisonous Mentality

Poisonous Mentality is the second album released by rap group, Poison Clan. It was released on April 7, 1992 for Luke Records and was produced by JT Money, Devastator, Mike "Fresh" McRay and Luther Campbell. The album found mild success, peaking at #62 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #20 on the Top Heatseekers. By the time this album was released, Debonaire had left the group and was replaced by Uzi and Madball.

</doc>
<doc id="20334962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334962" title="Table tennis at the 2002 Asian Games">
Table tennis at the 2002 Asian Games

Table tennis was contested from October 1 to October 9 at the 2002 Asian Games in Ulsan Dongcheon Arena, South Korea.
Participating nations.
A total of 105 athletes from 18 nations competed in table tennis at the 2002 Asian Games:

</doc>
<doc id="20334972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334972" title="1981 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1981 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1981 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1981-1982. The Buckeyes compiled a 9–3 record, including the 1981 Liberty Bowl in Memphis, Tennessee, where they won 31–28 against the Navy Midshipmen.

</doc>
<doc id="20334984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334984" title="Ron Woods">
Ron Woods

Ronald Lawrence Woods (born February 1, 1943 in Hamilton, Ohio) is a former professional baseball player. He played all or part of six seasons in Major League Baseball from 1969-74, primarily as an outfielder. He also played two seasons in Japan for the Chunichi Dragons in 1975-1976.
Professional career.
Ron was signed by the Pittsburgh Pirates as an amateur free agent in 1961. Woods played six seasons in the majors with the Detroit Tigers, New York Yankees, and Montreal Expos. He had 290 hits in 1,247 at bats. Ron had 26 career home runs, 130 RBIs, and 27 stolen bases.
Personal life.
Woods has three children: Tyrone, Ronald Wayne, and Leigh Woods.

</doc>
<doc id="20334998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20334998" title="McAllister Tower Apartments">
McAllister Tower Apartments

McAllister Tower Apartments is a 28-story, residential apartment skyscraper at 100 McAllister Street in San Francisco, California. The property is owned and operated by the University of California, Hastings College of the Law. The tower includes mixed-use offices on various floors, and the Art Deco-styled "Sky Room" with a panoramic view on the 24th floor.
Conceived as an unusual combination of a large church surmounted by a hotel, construction of the building brought architectural dispute. Initially designed by Timothy L. Pflueger in the style of Gothic Revival, the investors fired his firm and hired Lewis P. Hobart, who changed little of Pflueger's design. In a resulting lawsuit, Pflueger won nearly half the damages he asked for. The building opened in 1930 as the William Taylor Hotel and Temple Methodist Episcopal Church. However, extra construction expenses had put the congregation at greater financial risk, and the church-hotel concept did not prove popular. No profit was made in six years, and the church left, losing their investment. In the late 1930s the building housed the Empire Hotel, known for its Sky Room lounge, then from World War II to the 1970s, 100 McAllister served as U.S. government offices. 
Reopening as university housing and offices in 1981, McAllister Tower is home to some 300 law students and their families. "The Tower" is sited one block from the administrative and scholastic center of Hastings College of the Law, and is the most prominent building in the district.
History.
Church and hotel.
The skyscraper at 100 McAllister began in 1920 with a plan formulated by Reverend Walter John Sherman to merge four of the largest Methodist Episcopal congregations in San Francisco, sell their various churches and properties and combine their assets to build a "superchurch" with a hotel on top of it. From their initial $800,000 they bought property at McAllister and Leavenworth streets and hired the architectural firm of Miller and Pflueger to design the edifice. Timothy L. Pflueger was chosen as the designer. The new hotel, intended to be "dry" (serving no alcoholic beverages) in the "sinful" city, was to be named after William Taylor, a Methodist Episcopal street preacher and missionary who formed the first Methodist church in San Francisco. The large church was named Temple Methodist Episcopal Church, or simply "Temple Methodist".
Beginning in 1925, Pflueger designed a , 28-story, step-back skyscraper made of brick framed with steel, along the lines of his just-completed Pacific Telephone & Telegraph Company Building. Its main decorative theme was neo-Gothic, expressed strongly in the three Gothic arches which formed the main street-level entrance for the church. The Great Hall, the large worship area located within the second, third and fourth floors was to seat 1,500 churchgoers and a smaller chapel was designed for 125 more. A grand pipe organ from Skinner Organ Company was installed with four manuals controlling 3,881 pipes. A stained glass window was placed 80 feet above the sanctuary, representing Faith, Love and Hope in three tall, narrow panels. Two assembly halls could be combined to hold 1,100 attendees for theatrical or athletic events. Some 500 guest rooms and 32 tower apartments were intended to bring a steady flow of visitors and a source of profit to the church. Though never the tallest building in San Francisco, it was to be the tallest hotel on the Pacific Coast for many decades.
In a dispute, the architectural firm of Miller and Pflueger was fired from the project, and was replaced by Lewis P. Hobart. Miller and Pflueger sued for $81,600, alleging that Hobart's design was little changed from Pflueger's original. Three months after the hotel and church opened in January 1930, Miller and Pflueger won $38,000 in a favorable court decision.
Dedication of the church's pipe organ took place August 31, 1930. The combined congregation was very satisfied with their new place of worship.
Eventually costing ($ million in current value), the building's completion required several rounds of new financing from its investors in order to overcome unanticipated expenses. Unfortunately for the congregation, the idea of a hotel above a church didn't attract the requisite number of guests and the venture failed to turn a profit.
From 1990 through 2001, the church housed the theater of George Coates Performance Works – an experimental multi-media theater troupe that utilized the 60 foot high vaulted ceiling for projections.
Empire Hotel.
By November 1936, enough debt had accumulated that a bondholder's protective committee foreclosed on the property, buying it back for $750,000. The Temple Methodist congregation lost its investment and was asked to leave. The Skinner Opus pipe organ was removed to be sold to Occidental College in Los Angeles and rebuilt in their Thorne Hall. The three-piece stained glass window was removed and exhibited, eventually making its way to Stockton, California where it was installed in the Morris Chapel at the University of the Pacific. The 100 McAllister building itself was refurbished: the church's floor area was given over to parking, a coffee shop was built in part of the first floor lobby and the new enterprise opened again as the Empire Hotel, noted for completing, in 1938, the first view lounge in the area, the Sky Room on the 24th floor. With plush carpeting, a large Art Deco-style oval bar, and plate glass windows on all sides, the Sky Room provided a panoramic view of the city. "Architect & Engineer" wrote of the luxurious bar in April, 1938, that it "has no prototype west of New York", referring to Manhattan's Rainbow Room which opened three-and-a-half years earlier.
Federal offices.
At the beginning of direct American involvement in World War II, the U.S. government bought the building and converted it to federal offices, officer billets, spaces used by the Army's Ordnance Procurement department, a passport agency and an induction center run by the local draft board. The high vaulted ceiling of the Great Hall worship center was hidden by a dropped ceiling. After the war, the Internal Revenue Service moved offices into the building.
Many federal groups at 100 McAllister moved their offices in 1959–1960 to the newly built federal building at 450 Golden Gate Avenue, later named the Phillip Burton Federal Building. Occupancy at 100 McAllister was low, though the United States Army Corps of Engineers moved their San Francisco District offices there in the 1960s, and local draftees were still required to appear there through the late 1960s. The San Francisco Selective Service System offices were located in the lower floors of the building during the Vietnam War.
UC Hastings.
In 1978, the University of California, Hastings College of the Law bought the building, the most prominent in the Tenderloin district, and began two years of refurbishment and redesign. Calling it "McAllister Tower", 248 units were modernized for residential use by law students, and the building opened in 1981 with a combination of compact studio units as well as larger one- and two-bedroom apartments taking up a total of 17 floors. The building, home to about 300 law students and their families, is casually referred to as "the Tower" by Hastings residents and faculty, who have but a one-block commute to the law school's main building at 200 McAllister.
The old Sky Room with its spectacular 360-degree view reopened in 1999 as the James Edgar Hervey Skyroom, in honor of alumnus James Edgar Hervey, Class of 1950, a prominent San Diego trial lawyer. It is used as a space for student study by day (no alcohol allowed) and is available for special events in the evenings. Other floors of the building hold offices, apartments and residential conveniences. The mezzanine level contains a compact fitness center, the third and fourth floors contain classrooms and offices for political action groups and legal assistance organizations, and the 22nd and 23rd floors hold publishing headquarters for a number of scholarly journals.
The Great Hall remains un-refurbished and has been judged by UC Hastings to be in need of substantial repair and improvement, including major architectural engineering work. The college has plans to create a 400-seat performing arts venue within the Great Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="20335006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335006" title="Osa kryvei i nychta">
Osa kryvei i nychta

Osa kryvei i nychta (Greek: , As Long as the Night is Hidden, alternative Greek title Agria nychta ("Άγρια νύχτα")) is a 1964 Greek theatrical comedy film directed by Stelios Zografakis.
The film stars Petros Fyssoun, Martha Vourtsi, Dionysis Papayiannopoulos, Andreas Douzos, Efi Oikonomou, Hristos Tsaganeas, Nitsa Tsaganea and Nikos Fermas.
Plot.
A youth influenced in the violation for easy enrichment.

</doc>
<doc id="20335014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335014" title="Dan Smith (minor league pitcher)">
Dan Smith (minor league pitcher)

Daniel Arthur Smith (born February 23, 1962) was a pitcher who is most notable for winning the 1982 College World Series Most Outstanding Player award while a junior at University of Miami. He is one of four players from University of Miami to win that award. The others are Greg Ellena, Pat Burrell and Charlton Jimerson.
Following his collegiate career, he played professionally for a few seasons, having a very successful minor league career for the most part. After being drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the 10th round of the 1983 amateur draft, he began his professional career with the Billings Mustangs that very year. In 28 relief appearances, he went 5-2 with a 1.61 ERA, striking out 68 batters in 50 innings. He played for the Tampa Tarpons in 1984, appearing in 54 games and going 4-4 with a 2.55 ERA. Playing with the Cedar Rapids Reds in 1985, Smith went 3-7 with a 2.78 ERA in 42 games. He played for the Vermont Reds in 1986, going 5-3 with a 2.87 ERA in 41 games. For the 1987 season, he found himself in the Minnesota Twins organization, pitching for the Orlando Twins. He went 1-0 with a 5.23 ERA in 20 games that season.
He was inducted into the University of Miami's Hall of Fame in 1994. He currently serves as head coach for the Palmetto High School baseball team.

</doc>
<doc id="20335018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335018" title="Alphons Stübel">
Alphons Stübel

Moritz Alphons Stübel (26 July 1835 - 10 November 1904) was a German geologist and vulcanologist who was a native of Leipzig.
He studied chemistry and mineralogy at the University of Leipzig. With geologist Wilhelm Reiss (1838-1908), he conducted geological and volcanological research in the Andes (Colombia and Ecuador) from 1868 to 1874. Afterwards the two geologists continued their research in Peru and Brazil, with Reiss returning to Germany in 1876 and Stübel continuing his travels throughout the continent (Uruguay, Argentina, Chile and Bolivia), returning to Germany in August-1877.
In South America he also made astronomical measurements and performed meteorological, ethnographical zoological and archaeological research. Scientific material collected in South America was later preserved at the Museum of Comparative Cultures in Leipzig. In addition, Stübel took numerous photographs and created sketches of the places he visited. Many of the butterflies collected by Stübel were new species. They were described by the German entomologists Gustav Weymer and Peter Maassen.
Stübel also made a lesser known contribution to the study of the Middle East. In the years 1858, 1882 and 1890 he traveled mainly in Syria, Lebanon, Palestine, and Egypt. He collected about 600 large-size photographs on these journeys and at other occasions. This collection came via his nephew Bruno Stübel to Jena University. They form the core of the "Alphons-Stübel Collection of Early Photographs of the Middle East 1850-1890".

</doc>
<doc id="20335080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335080" title="Battle of Groenkloof">
Battle of Groenkloof

In the Battle of Groenkloof on 5 September 1901, a British column under Colonel Harry Scobell defeated and captured a small Boer commando led by Commandant Lotter in the Cape Colony during the Second Boer War.
Background.
While General Lord Kitchener struggled to suppress guerilla warfare carried on by the Boers in the Orange Free State and the Transvaal, some Dutch settlers living in the Cape Colony also took up arms against the British. To combat the guerilla war raging in the two Boer republics, Kitchener employed sweep-and-scour columns, farm burning and a policy of forcing Boer women and children into concentration camps.
However, using such harsh methods in the loyal Cape Colony was politically impossible. Instead, the British commander in the Cape Colony, General Sir John French resorted to a three-pronged strategy: first, to prevent Boer commandos from combining, second, to chase them constantly in order to prevent them from collecting new followers and supplies, and third, to tire them out so that they could be hunted down. One historian notes, "How simple an antidote to guerilla warfare, compared with that immense operation of burning farms and carting off the whole civilian population of the countryside into the camps!"
Battle.
Armed with information from French's excellent Field Intelligence Department and led by African Intelligence scouts, Scobell pursued Lotter's commando in the Tandjesburg mountains. Scobell, whose command included the 9th Lancers, the Cape Mounted Rifles and Imperial Yeomanry, was reputedly one of the most efficient British column commanders. On the fifth day of a six-day mission, the British officer found his quarry in a mountain gorge called Groenkloof, near the village of Petersburg. Believing that Lotter's men occupied a farm building, Scobell ordered a night march and deployed his 1100 soldiers on some ridges overlooking the farm. Actually, Lotter and his 130-man commando had taken shelter in a nearby 30-by-15 foot stone sheephouse or "kraal", which was topped with a corrugated iron roof.
At dawn, a squadron of lancers was sent to investigate the "kraal". The commanding officer, Lord Douglas Compton dropped his pistol near the entrance. As he dismounted to fetch his weapon, the Boers opened fire. Compton escaped, but the six men behind him were mowed down. Immediately, a thousand rifles opened up on the fearfully outnumbered Boers in the sheephouse.
After a half hour of the unequal contest, the Boers surrendered. They suffered 13 killed and 46 wounded, while 61 unwounded survivors were hustled into captivity. Scobell's force lost 10 men killed. A British combatant said, "The sight was horrible in the extreme ... In fact the place was like a butcher's shop, some men making awful noises groaning clutching the ground and rolling in the dirt in their agony."
Aftermath.
Lotter and seven others were later executed by the British authorities as rebellious subjects. Jan Smuts turned the tables on the British in the Battle of Elands River which followed ten days later. But as one historian points out, "In losing Lotter, the Boers had lost more than a tenth of the guerillas in the Colony south of the Orange, and their élite commando at that ... the British Empire was a bottomless well, when it came to replacing lost troops."

</doc>
<doc id="20335084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335084" title="Moviecam SL">
Moviecam SL

Moviecam SL (SL stands for SuperLight) is a movie camera product line created by Moviecam in 1996. It is a lighter version of Moviecam Compact. It can use most of the same accessories as Moviecam Compact but allows for even easier shooting from the shoulder or with a support like Steadicam systems.
In 2004, Moviecam released SL MK2, with updated drive system, support of 3 perforations negative pulldown and new electronics.

</doc>
<doc id="20335085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335085" title="1980 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1980 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1980 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1980-1981. The Buckeyes compiled a 9–3 record, including the 1980 Fiesta Bowl in Tempe, Arizona, where they lost 31–19 to the Penn State Nittany Lions.
Game notes.
Indiana.
Statistics

</doc>
<doc id="20335131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335131" title="1924 Cuba hurricane">
1924 Cuba hurricane

The 1924 Cuba hurricane is the earliest officially classified Category 5 Atlantic hurricane on the Saffir–Simpson scale. It formed on October 14 in the western Caribbean, slowly organizing as it tracked northwestward. By October 16, it attained hurricane status to the east of the Yucatán Peninsula, and subsequently executed a small counterclockwise loop. On October 18, the hurricane began undergoing rapid deepening, and the next day it reached an estimated peak intensity of 165 miles per hour (270 kilometres per hour). Shortly thereafter, it struck extreme western Cuba at peak intensity, becoming the strongest hurricane on record to hit the country. Later the hurricane weakened greatly, striking southwestern Florida with winds of 90 mph (150 km/h) in a sparsely populated region. While crossing the state it weakened to tropical storm status, and after accelerating east-northeastward, it was absorbed by a cold front on October 23 south of Bermuda.
Across the western Caribbean Sea, the developing storm produced heavy rainfall and increased winds. Strong winds in western Cuba caused severe damage, with two small towns nearly destroyed. About 90 people were killed in the country, all in Pinar del Río Province. Later, the hurricane brought heavy rainfall to southern Florida, which caused flooding and crop damage. Damage was light in the state, and there were no casualties.
Meteorological history.
On October 14, a tropical depression was first observed over the western Caribbean Sea, just off the eastern Honduras coast. It was a large and weak tropical cyclone, moving slowly northwestward and gradually intensifying. On October 15, it is estimated the depression attained tropical storm status, and its strengthening became more steady. The next day, the storm reached hurricane status about 130 mi (215 km) southeast of Cozumel, Quintana Roo. Around that time, it began to execute a small counterclockwise loop off the east coast of the Yucatán Peninsula. By October 18 the hurricane completed the loop, during which its winds increased to 115 mph (185 km/h); this is the equivalence of a major hurricane, or a Category 3 on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale. The estimation of its strength at this point was based on subsequent analysis of peripheral recordings of atmospheric pressure and maximum sustained winds by ships and land stations.
Beginning late on October 18 as it tracked north-northeastward toward Cuba, the hurricane underwent rapid deepening, evidenced by a ship wind report of 120 mph (193 km/h). This wind report was initially thought to be the peak intensity of the cyclone; however, subsequent research confirmed further deepening, based on very low pressures recorded across the region. A ship in the radius of maximum winds reported a reading of 922 mbar; the barometer on the ship was found to be 5 mbar too high, resulting in a pressure of 917 mbar. Additionally, a station on land reported a pressure of 932 mbar (27.52 inHg). Based on the readings, the Hurricane Research Division estimated the hurricane attained a minimum central pressure of 910 mbar very near the western coast of Cuba; this suggested peak winds of 165 mph (270 km/h). Late on October 19, the hurricane made landfall in extreme western Cuba in Pinar del Río Province. José Carlos Millás, director of the National Observatory at Havana, believed that "this hurricane one of the most severe ever experienced in our latitudes."
After exiting Cuba into the Gulf of Mexico, the hurricane weakened greatly. On October 20 it passed a short distance west of Key West, Florida, and very early on October 21 the hurricane moved over Marco Island with winds of 90 mph (150 km/h). The cyclone weakened further as it turned eastward through the state, deteriorating to tropical storm status as it passed near or over Miami. It accelerated east-northeastward, moving over the Abaco Islands in The Bahamas. Gradually weakening, the storm interacted with an approaching cold front; late on October 23 it transitioned into an extratropical cyclone, and shortly thereafter it was absorbed by the front.
Impact and records.
As a developing tropical cyclone, the storm produced increased winds and lower pressures in the Swan Islands, off the coast of Honduras. Heavy rainfall occurred throughout Jamaica, causing street flooding and several mudslides, but little damage. No disruptions were reported to communications or railway travel. The storm brushed eastern Belize while located off the coast, producing 3.62 inches (21.9 mm) of rainfall and light winds.
In extreme western Cuba, damage was very severe from the strong winds, likened to the impact of a tornado. Severe damage was reported in Los Arroyos and Arroyos de Mantua. In the latter location, around a dozen people were killed, 50 were injured, and nearly every building in the town was severely damaged; heavy losses also occurred to the tobacco crop. Across western Pinar del Río Province, the hurricane destroyed all communication links. Further from the center, the capital city of Havana recorded southerly winds of 72 mph (116 km/h), as well as a minimum pressure of about 999 mbar (29.50 inHg). Around the country, the hurricane capsized several ships, primarily fishing vessels. The death toll in the country was estimated at around 90. In the days after the storm, Cuban President Zayas authorized about $30,000 in relief aid to send to hurricane victims in Pinar del Río.
Several days prior to striking Florida, the outer circulation began producing rainfall across the state. Storm warnings were issued along the east and west coastlines northward to Cedar Key and Titusville. Later, hurricane warnings were issued for much of the same area, and schools in the Tampa area were closed as the storm was expected to move ashore. The hurricane first affected Florida when it passed west of Key West, where sustained winds of 66 mph (107 km/h), along with gusts to 74 mph (120 km/h), were reported. Little damage occurred in the region, limited to downed trees; this was due to advanced warning by the U.S. Weather Bureau, which advised ships to remain at port and for residents to secure property. Later, the hurricane moved ashore in a sparsely populated region of southwestern Florida. Damage was reported in Fort Myers and Punta Gorda and communications were temporarily cut, although no deaths were reported. Heavy rainfall was reported along its path, and one location accumulated 23.22 inches (590 mm) in a 24 hour period; this established a new one-day rainfall record in the state. A station in Miami recorded 12.18 inches (309 mm), and wind gusts in the area approached hurricane force. The combination of winds and rain damaged 5% of the local citrus and avocado crop. The rainfall flooded streets, homes, and commercial buildings in the Miami area, and hundreds of people were left without telephone access. No impact was reported in the Bahamas.
After a reanalysis of hurricanes between 1921 and 1925, the Hurricane Research Division determined this hurricane attained winds of 165 mph (270 km/h), making it a Category 5 on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale. The hurricane is the earliest known to have attained the intensity, besting the 1928 Okeechobee hurricane, which was previously thought to be the earliest storm of this intensity. It is also the only one on record to make landfall on Cuba at Category 5 status. A hurricane in 1846 that hit the country was also thought to have struck at Category 5 status, although the storm existed prior to the start of the Atlantic hurricane database. When the steamship "Toledo" recorded an atmospheric pressure of 922 mbar (27.22 inHg) in the storm, it was the lowest pressure recorded in an Atlantic hurricane, breaking the previous record of 924 mbar (27.28 inHg) in the Atlantic hurricane of 1853. The record during this storm lasted until the 1932 Cuba hurricane, when a pressure of 915 mbar (27.02 inHg) was reported. The reading of 932 mbar (27.52 inHg) at Los Arroyos in Mantua, Pinar del Río remains the lowest pressure recorded on land in Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="20335196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335196" title="Lycoming T55">
Lycoming T55

The Lycoming T55, (Company designation Lycoming LTC-4), is a turboshaft engine used on American helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft (in turboprop form), since the 1950s. It was designed at the Lycoming Turbine Engine Division in Stratford, Connecticut as a scaled-up version of the smaller Lycoming T53. Both engines are now produced by Honeywell Aerospace. The T55 also serves as the core of the Lycoming ALF 502 turbofan.

</doc>
<doc id="20335214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335214" title="Dave Peacock (businessman)">
Dave Peacock (businessman)

Dave Peacock (born March 26, 1968) is the former President of the Anheuser-Busch InBev subsidiary, Anheuser-Busch. He succeeded August Busch IV in 2008 after the acquisition of Anheuser-Busch was completed by InBev on November 18, 2008. He earned his MBA from the Olin Business School at Washington University in St. Louis. He stepped down in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20335222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335222" title="If You Knew Susie">
If You Knew Susie

"If You Knew Susie" is the title of a popular song from the 1920s written by Buddy DeSylva and Joseph Meyer. In the largely comic song, a man sings that he knows a certain woman named Susie to be much wilder and more passionate than most people realize.
The song was Eddie Cantor's best-known success of the 1920s and the bestseller for five weeks in 1925. 

</doc>
<doc id="20335241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335241" title="En Karusell">
En Karusell

"En Karusell" was originally released in 1972 as a 7" single in Sweden which was sung in Swedish and also in Japan where the song was titled "En Carousel" and sung in English. The song was included as the A-side song and was credited to Björn & Benny. Future members of ABBA Agnetha Fältskog and Anni-Frid Lyngstad did backing vocals on the song but were not credited for their contribution.The B-side song on the Swedish release was titled "Att finnas till" and the B-side song on the Japanese release was titled "Lycka".
"En Karusell" failed to enter Svensktoppen (a popular top ten chart for songs in Swedish) but the B-side of the single "Att finnas till" lay on that chart for three weeks.
The song was covered by Anita Lindblom in 1972 and In 1975 was covered by Birgitta Wollgård & Salut.
In English "Att finnas till" translates to "to exist".
Merry-Go-Round.
On 29 March 1972, "En Karusell" was recorded in English at Metronome Studio in Stockholm, Sweden and was credited to Björn & Benny, Agnetha & Anni-Frid.
This English version was titled "Merry-Go-Round (En Karusell)" for the Swedish market and titled "Merry-Go-Round" for other releases. 
"Merry-Go-Round" was included as the b-side song to the single "People Need Love" which was also released in 1972.
The single "People Need Love" was included on the album "Ring Ring" which was released in 1973 under Artist name Björn & Benny, Agnetha & Anni-Frid.
"Merry-Go-Round" made its CD debut on the 1994 "ABBA" compilation "Thank You For The Music (box set)" as track 5 on disc 4. 
The song also appeared as a bonus track on the 2001 re-issued and re-mastered album "Ring, Ring" under the artist name "ABBA".
Reception.
The basic aim of the "People Need Love" single was not to promote the quartet but to promote the "Björn & Benny" duo, which was the singing and songwriting partnership of the two men. All four individuals had other commitments and therefore were not considering forming a permanent group. An example of this is the crediting; the single in most of the territories is credited to "Björn & Benny, Agnetha & Anni-Frid". The women were simply guesting as backing vocalists on the new "Björn & Benny" single. However, the positive audience reaction was unexpected.
The single made the Top 20 of the combined Swedish singles and albums chart, and "People Need Love" reached No. 3 on the Swedish radio chart show "Tio i topp" (The Top Ten). Interestingly, it was the foursome's first charting record in the United States where it peaked at No. 114 on the Cashbox singles chart and No. 117 on Record World singles chart - impressive for unknown Swedish artists in America at the time. The Playboy Records U.S. release was credited to "Bjorn & Benny (with Svenska Flicka)" and according to ABBA's manager Stig Anderson, the single could have been a much bigger American hit if not for the limited distribution resources of the label that was unable to meet the demand from retailers and radio programmers.
At the time of the single's release, the "Ring Ring" album had not been planned since there was no intention to form a permanent group.

</doc>
<doc id="20335270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335270" title="1979 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1979 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1979 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1979-1980. The Buckeyes compiled a 11–1 record, including the 1980 Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California, where they lost 17–16 to the Southern California Trojans.
Game notes.
Washington State.
The longest pass in school history to date, an 86-yard bomb from Art Schlichter to Calvin Murray, helped propel Ohio State to a 45-29 win over Washington State. The previous record was an 80-yard pass from Joe Sparma to Bob Klein in 1961 versus Michigan.
Michigan.
Ohio State clinched the Big Ten title and a trip to the Rose Bowl with an 18-15 victory over their archrivals. The Buckeyes had not beaten nor scored a touchdown against Michigan since 1975, the last time they had gone to Pasadena.

</doc>
<doc id="20335289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335289" title="Pat Larkin">
Pat Larkin

Patrick Clibborn Larkin (born June 14, 1960) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He was signed by the San Francisco Giants as an amateur free agent in , and a little over a year later he was in the major leagues. His MLB career spanned a little over two weeks, during which he pitched five games, all in relief. He was traded to the Detroit Tigers the following February, and after spending the season in their farm system, his career was over at age 24.

</doc>
<doc id="20335315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335315" title="Aleksandra Delcheva">
Aleksandra Delcheva

Aleksandra Delcheva (born April 11, 1987) is a Bulgarian volleyball player. She currently plays for Union Stade Français-Saint-Cloud Paris in France.

</doc>
<doc id="20335331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335331" title="Johannes Musaeus">
Johannes Musaeus

Johannes Musaeus (7 February 1613 – 4 May 1681) was a German Protestant theologian.
Education.
After visiting the Latin school in Arnstadt he studied at the University of Erfurt starting from 1633 in the Arts Faculty and in Jena with Damiel Stahl. In 1634 he received the Magister Artium, studying theology under Georg Grosshain, producing a thesis entitled: "Disputatio Apologetica In qua Germanica B. Lutheri versio adversus Georgium Holzaium Jesuitam Ingolstad. defenditur In causa De Cultu Divino Enoschi." In 1643 he become professor of history and poetry. He ottained a doctorate to 1646 in theology and changed to the Theological Faculty.
Career.
He fought against the catholic controversial theologians V. Erbermann, J. Kedde, and Jacobus Masenius, and positioned himself against Socinianism. He was founder of the Jenenser Richtung followed by orthodox Lutherans.

</doc>
<doc id="20335379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335379" title="Pareto priority index">
Pareto priority index

The Pareto priority index (PPI), so named because of its connection with the Pareto principle, which is in turn named after the economist Vilfredo Pareto, can be used to prioritize several (quality improvement) projects. It is especially used in the surroundings of six sigma projects. It has first been established by AT&T.
The PPI is calculated as follows:
A high PPI suggests a high project priority.

</doc>
<doc id="20335405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335405" title="Roll On (JJ Cale album)">
Roll On (JJ Cale album)

Roll On is the 14th studio album by JJ Cale, released on February 24, 2009, by Rounder Records. All songs were written by Cale; they include "Who Knew", "Former Me", and "Roll On"; the last of which is a collaboration with Eric Clapton. Some tracks were recorded at sessions at David Teegarden's studio North of Tulsa, Oklahoma in 2003. This was Cale's last studio album before his death in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20335459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335459" title="David Teegarden">
David Teegarden

David Teegarden is a member of the 1960s and 1970s psych-rock group Teegarden & Van Winkle. He is a resident of Tulsa, Oklahoma. David has worked with many musicians including J. J. Cale, Eric Clapton, Joe Walsh and Bob Seger. In 1981, David won a grammy for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal for "Against the Wind" with Bob Seger & the Silver Bullet Band.
David appeared on the Smokin' O.P.'s album with Bob Seger as a member of Teegarden & Van Winkle, with guitarist Michael Bruce (not the Michael Bruce who played with Alice Cooper) and also appeared on the albums "Nine Tonight", "Stranger In Town", "Against The Wind", and "Fire Down Below" with Seger, as a member of the Silver Bullet Band. David currently owns and runs Natura Digital Studios near Beggs, Oklahoma, just south of Tulsa.
Despite the differences in spelling of their last names, jazz trombonist Weldon Leo "Jack" Teagarden, Detroit Free Press writer-columnist Carol Teegardin, and David Teegarden are all related. 

</doc>
<doc id="20335467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335467" title="Who? (song)">
Who? (song)

"Who?" (1925) is a popular song (sometimes written as "Who (stole my heart away)?") written for the Broadway musical "Sunny" by Jerome Kern, Otto Harbach and Oscar Hammerstein II. The song was featured in the film version of "Sunny" (1930) starring Marilyn Miller.
In 1925, George Olsen and his Orchestra had a million-selling, six-week run at number one with the song. Tommy Dorsey and His Orchestra with vocalist Jack Leonard had a hit with the song in the late 1930s, which was patterned after Dorsey's 1937 recording of "Marie." Judy Garland sang the song in the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer biopic "Till the Clouds Roll By" (1946), loosely based on the life of Jerome Kern.
Partial List of Recording Artists.
This list was found by searching amazon.com's mp3 downloads for "Who", and are found by setting the 'sort by' drop down box to Song Title: Z to A, then going to pages 25–27. The version by Pearl Bailey is found by using Advanced Search and entering "Pearl Bailey" in the Artist Name box, and "Who" in the Song Title box.

</doc>
<doc id="20335473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335473" title="Monica Marulli">
Monica Marulli

Monica Marulli (born March 10, 1975) is an Italian volleyball player. She currently plays for Tena Santeramo.

</doc>
<doc id="20335480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335480" title="Empire Hotel">
Empire Hotel

Empire Hotel or The Empire Hotel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20335481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335481" title="Robert Ashford">
Robert Ashford

Robert Ashford is Professor of Law at the Syracuse University College of Law, in Syracuse, New York. He teaches subjects including Binary Economics, Business Associations, Corporations, Securities Regulation and Professional Responsibility.
Education.
Professor Ashford holds a J.D. with honors from Harvard Law School. He also holds a B.A. with majors in physics and English literature from the University of South Florida, where he graduated first in his class. As a Woodrow Wilson Fellow at Stanford University, he studied creative writing and English literature.
"Professor Ashford is the founder and principal organizer of the Section on Socio-Economics of the Association of American Law Schools and a member of the Editorial Board of the Journal of Socio-Economics, the academic honor societies of Phi Kappa Phi and Sigma Pi Sigma (physics), and the American Law Institute."
Publications.
Robert Ashford is also an accomplished composer of contemporary classical music.

</doc>
<doc id="20335489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335489" title="If I Know You">
If I Know You

"If I Know You" is the fifth single by The Presets, taken from their second studio album "Apocalypso". It was originally the proposed third single but was replaced by "Talk Like That". "If I Know You" is your typical break-up song with a Morrissey-like sexual ambiguity, with a vocal hook that calls to mind the 1980 Split Enz hit “I Hope I Never”. 
Discussing the lyrics, singer Julian Hamilton told Rolling Stone Australia: "It’s a break up song but I didn’t want it to be a guy pissed off at a girl because that always sounds so wimpy. I thought it'd be cool to write it from a girl's perspective. The lyrics came out a bit weird and we thought maybe we could flog this off to a girl singer, but then I thought no, this song needs to be sung with balls!"
The video clip was directed by Eva Husson. The video for "If I Know You" was awarded Best Dance Video at the 2009 UK Music Video Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20335627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335627" title="Erin Bethea">
Erin Bethea

Erin Bethea (born August 12, 1982) is an American actress. She is known for appearing in Sherwood Pictures' films, "Facing the Giants" and "Fireproof".
Personal life.
Bethea is the daughter of Michael and Terri Catt. Her father, Dr. Michael Catt, is the Senior Pastor at Sherwood Baptist Church, an affiliate of Sherwood Pictures. Her mother, Terri Catt, was the Wardrobe Coordinator for both "Facing the Giants" and Fireproof. Her sister, Hayley Catt, is a still photographer, production secretary, and website coordinator for "Fireproof". 
In 2004, Bethea received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Theatre at the University of Mobile. She has been married to Bill L. Shafer since October 16, 2009.
Professional career.
While earning her BA degree in theatre, she played in dozens of shows on stage. She later began working for the Walt Disney World Resort in Orlando, Florida. She is currently an actress in the Magic Kingdom. She is also part of the Actors' Equity Association.
Bethea has recently been named co-host for a new television series called "OMX: On Mission Xtra" which will air on FamilyNet. It tells the stories of people all over North America who are doing things to reach people with the Gospel and change the world's culture. Bethea said that "OMX" was "unlike anything I've ever done before. I think the style of "OMX" reflects the message of the show, which is to get Christians to be relevant and think outside the box." She also stated, "The show has a ton of variety with stories from people all over North America, musical acts and interviews with ministry leaders." It is being launched by the North American Mission Board.

</doc>
<doc id="20335631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335631" title="Ruán Magan">
Ruán Magan

Ruán Magan is a director of documentaries and drama-documentaries based in Ireland, but working internationally. Born in Dublin in 1968, he was educated in Gonzaga College and University College Dublin before embarking on a career in feature films in 1989. He progressed successfully through the established SIPTU union grades, from trainee assistant director to location manager and production manager, working on series of major feature films including Far and Away (Universal Pictures), Devil's Own (Columbia Pictures)and Michael Collins (Warner Brothers)[http://movies.nytimes.com/person/395684/Ruan-Magan. 
He directed and filmed his first documentary in 1996 featuring his brother, the writer, Manchán Magan (Brandon books [http://www.brandonbooks.com/authors.php/authors_id/78]), beginning of a long collaboration during which they made over 60 documentaries filmed across the planet, in India, North and South America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and China. Critically acclaimed, many of these documentaries have been transmitted internationally. 
[http://www.travelchannel.co.uk/Series/ourprogrammes/global_normad.htm]
In 2006 he won an IFTA as producer of In Search of the Pope's Children[http://www.rte.ie/tv/insearchofthepopeschildren/, featuring the economist, David McWilliams. "The Struggle"[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HAxDtQV_J-A, an examination of significant events in the Irish Civil War and the roles played by Ernie O'Malley and Mangan's grandmother Sighle Humphreys, was screened in the first Irish Reels Festival in 2004 while The Ghosts of Duffy's Cut[http://www.smithsonianchannel.com/site/smithsonian/show_duffycut.do, co-directed with Stephen Rooke [http://www.tilefilms.ie/ghosts_of_duffyinfo.htm], was nominated for an IFTA in 2006 and short-listed for an Emmy.
In 2008 he directed Death or Canada, an epic two-part project telling the story of the Irish Famine from a human perspective for the channels RTÉ One, The History Channel UK and History Television and the project has been selected for a special screening by the Toronto Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20335699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335699" title="The Enchanted Island of Oz">
The Enchanted Island of Oz

The Enchanted Island of Oz is a children's novel written by Ruth Plumly Thompson and illustrated by Dick Martin, and first published in 1976. As its title indicates, the book is an entry in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors. It is the last (and shortest) of Thompson's 21 novels about the Land of Oz.
Thompson's book tells the story of David Perry, a boy from Pennsylvania who, on a visit to a circus, wishes that a camel can talk. He is amazed when his wish is granted. (Only later does David learn that he possesses a magic wishing button, which enables and empowers the action of the story.) David nicknames the talking camel Humpty Bumpty; together the boy and camel embark on a whirlwind tour of strange lands, including Somewhere, Dwindlebury, and the flying island of Kapurta (which is the enchanted Island of the title). They meet the range of strange characters typical of Oz literature — among them, Water Lily, Queen Else of Somewhere, and a dragon named Dismocolese. Eventually the boy and camel make their way to the Emerald City in time for a birthday party for the Cowardly Lion.
"The Enchanted Island of Oz" shows strong resemblances with Thompson's previous Oz book, "Yankee in Oz". It also bears clear relationships to a larger context of fantasy works; Jonathan Swift's flying Island of Laputa in "Gulliver's Travels" is one of the most obvious of these links.
The original edition of the book contains maps of the fantasy territories drawn by Martin and James Haff, and an afterword by Dorothy C. Maryott.

</doc>
<doc id="20335750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335750" title="Corporation$">
Corporation$

Corporation$ is an EP by British death metal band Cancer, released after the band reunited in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20335753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335753" title="Giraffoidea">
Giraffoidea

Giraffoidea is a superfamily that includes the families of Climacoceratidae, Antilocapridae, and Giraffidae. The only extant species in the superfamily are the pronghorn, giraffe, and okapi. The Climacoceratidae are also placed in the superfamily, but were originally placed within the family Palaeomerycidae.

</doc>
<doc id="20335765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335765" title="Kennedy Graham">
Kennedy Graham

Kennedy Gollan Montrose Graham (born 1946) is a New Zealand politician and MP for the Green Party. He has served in the New Zealand Foreign Service for sixteen years, and lectured at the University of Canterbury and Victoria University of Wellington.
He is the brother of Doug Graham, a former National Party MP.
Education.
Graham has a BCom from the University of Auckland, a MA in International Relations from The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University in Medford, Massachusetts, and a PhD from Victoria University of Wellington. He received Fulbright and Fletcher scholarships, and a McCarthy Fellowship in 1986.
Career.
As a New Zealand diplomat, Graham was involved in the negotiation of the South Pacific Nuclear Free Zone. He worked as Secretary-General of Parliamentarians for Global Action. He has worked at the United Nations, first as a director at the United Nations University from 1999 to 2004, and later as Senior Consultant in the Department of Political Affairs, from 2005 to 2006. In 2007 he became Adjunct Senior Fellow at the University of Canterbury School of Law, and was a Senior Lecturer at Victoria University of Wellington. Graham was also a Visiting Professor at the College of Europe in Belgium.
Member of Parliament.
He became an MP in the 2008 election after counting of the special votes, which gave the Green Party an additional list seat.
In July 2009 Graham's International Non-Aggression and Lawful Use of Force Bill was drawn from the member's ballot. The bill would have outlawed the crime of aggression in New Zealand domestic law and required the government to table a legal opinion in Parliament before committing any forces to overseas military operations. The bill was voted down at its first reading, 64 to 58.
As of May 2013, Graham is responsible for the Disarmament, Global Affairs, Climate Change, Trade & Foreign Investment, Constitutional Issues, and Defence portfolios in the Green Party. He is also the Deputy-Chairperson of the Foreign Affairs, Defence and Trade Committee and a Member of the Privileges Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20335804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335804" title="Freaked Out Flower Children">
Freaked Out Flower Children

Freaked Out Flower Children were an Australian band which formed in 1991 with actress and TV presenter, Sophie Lee, on saxophone and vocals. Other members were Gumpy Phillips (ex-Battle Happy, Mighty Big Crime) on guitar and vocals; Tricky J (Mighty Big Crime) on synthesiser; Fiona Ruttelle on backing vocals; and Nicole Love on backing vocals. They played 1960s-style flower power music. Their debut single "Spill the Wine" – a cover version of Eric Burdon and War's 1970 hit – reached No. 31 on the ARIA Singles Chart in 1992. In December 1991 the group issued their debut album, "Love In", on Virgin Records, which was "full of syncopated beats and breezy melodies". A second single, "Beautiful People" was issued. However the group's "retro-cabaret and day-glo focus ... did little to foster a sense of longevity" they disbanded in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20335837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335837" title="Graph dynamical system">
Graph dynamical system

In mathematics, the concept of graph dynamical systems can be used to capture a wide range of processes taking place on graphs or networks. A major theme in the mathematical and computational analysis of GDSs is to relate their structural properties (e.g. the network connectivity) and the global dynamics that result. 
The work on GDSs considers finite graphs and finite state spaces. As such, the research typically involves techniques from, e.g., graph theory, combinatorics, algebra, and dynamical systems rather than differential geometry. In principle, one could define and study GDSs over an infinite graph (e.g. cellular automata or Probabilistic Cellular Automata over formula_1 or interacting particle systems when some randomness is included), as well as GDSs with infinite state space (e.g. formula_2 as in coupled map lattices); see, for example, Wu. In the following, everything is implicitly assumed to be finite unless stated otherwise.
Formal definition.
A graph dynamical system is constructed from the following components:
The "phase space" associated to a dynamical system with map "F": "Kn → Kn" is the finite directed graph with vertex set "Kn" and directed edges ("x", "F"("x")). The structure of the phase space is governed by the properties of the graph "Y", the vertex functions ("fi")"i", and the update scheme. The research in this area seeks to infer phase space properties based on the structure of the system constituents. The analysis has a local-to-global character.
Generalized cellular automata (GCA).
If, for example, the update scheme consists of applying the vertex functions synchronously one obtains the class of "generalized cellular automata" (CA). In this case, the global map "F": "Kn → Kn" is given by
formula_3
This class is referred to as generalized cellular automata since the classical or standard cellular automata are typically defined and studied over regular graphs or grids, and the vertex functions are typically assumed to be identical.
Example: Let "Y" be the circle graph on vertices {1,2,3,4} with edges {1,2}, {2,3}, {3,4} and {1,4}, denoted Circ4. Let "K" = {0,1} be the state space for each vertex and use the function nor3 : "K3" → "K" defined by nor3("x,y,z") = (1 + "x")(1 + "y")(1 + "z") with arithmetic modulo 2 for all vertex functions. Then for example the system state (0,1,0,0) is mapped to (0, 0, 0, 1) using a synchronous update. All the transitions are shown in the phase space below. 
Sequential dynamical systems (SDS).
If the vertex functions are applied asynchronously in the sequence specified by a word "w" = ("w"1, "w"2, ... , "wm") or permutation formula_4 = ( formula_5, formula_6) of "v"["Y"] one obtains the class of "Sequential dynamical systems" (SDS). In this case it is convenient to introduce the "Y"-local maps "Fi" constructed from the vertex functions by
The SDS map "F" = ["FY" , "w"] : "Kn" → "Kn" is the function composition
If the update sequence is a permutation one frequently speaks of a "permutation SDS" to emphasize this point. 
Example: Let "Y" be the circle graph on vertices {1,2,3,4} with edges {1,2}, {2,3}, {3,4} and {1,4}, denoted Circ4. Let "K"={0,1} be the state space for each vertex and use the function nor3 : "K"3 → "K" defined by nor3("x, y, z") = (1 + "x")(1 + "y")(1 + "z") with arithmetic modulo 2 for all vertex functions. Using the update sequence (1,2,3,4) then the system state (0, 1, 0, 0) is mapped to (0, 0, 1, 0). All the system state transitions for this sequential dynamical system are shown in the phase space below. 
Stochastic graph dynamical systems.
From, e.g., the point of view of applications it is interesting to consider the case where one or more of the components of a GDS contains stochastic elements. Motivating applications could include processes that are not fully understood (e.g. dynamics within a cell) and where certain aspects for all practical purposes seem to behave according to some probability distribution. There are also applications governed by deterministic principles whose description is so complex or unwieldy that it makes sense to consider probabilistic approximations. 
Every element of a graph dynamical system can be made stochastic in several ways. For example, in a sequential dynamical system the update sequence can be made stochastic. At each iteration step one may choose the update sequence "w" at random from a given distribution of update sequences with corresponding probabilities. The matching probability space of update sequences induces a probability space of SDS maps. A natural object to study in this regard is the Markov chain on state space induced by this collection of SDS maps. This case is referred to as "update sequence stochastic GDS" and is motivated by, e.g., processes where "events" occur at random according to certain rates (e.g. chemical reactions), synchronization in parallel computation/discrete event simulations, and in computational paradigms described later. 
This specific example with stochastic update sequence illustrates two general facts for such systems: when passing to a stochastic graph dynamical system one is generally led to (1) a study of Markov chains (with specific structure governed by the constituents of the GDS), and (2) the resulting Markov chains tend to be large having an exponential number of states. A central goal in the study of stochastic GDS is to be able to derive reduced models. 
One may also consider the case where the vertex functions are stochastic, i.e., "function stochastic GDS". For example, Random Boolean networks are examples of function stochastic GDS using a synchronous update scheme and where the state space is "K" = {0, 1}. Finite probabilistic cellular automata (PCA) is another example of function stochastic GDS. In principle the class of Interacting particle systems (IPS) covers finite and infinite PCA, but in practice the work on IPS is largely concerned with the infinite case since this allows one to introduce more interesting topologies on state space.
Applications.
Graph dynamical systems constitute a natural framework for capturing distributed systems such as biological networks and epidemics over social networks, many of which are frequently referred to as complex systems.

</doc>
<doc id="20335870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335870" title="Progress and Perfection">
Progress and Perfection

Progress and Perfection is a promo album by Swiss electronic duo Yello, released on 21 September 2007. It was not released on a label, and was distributed by Audi officials on special events. The record was limited to 350 copies. Only the first two tracks have vocals; the others are instrumentals.

</doc>
<doc id="20335874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335874" title="Nicky Love">
Nicky Love

Nicky Love is a singer and model. She began her modelling career at the age of 14. She was a member of Freaked Out Flower Children, a band which released an album "Love In" (1990) that included the single "Spill the Wine" which reached No.31 on the Australian single charts. She released a solo album "Honeyvision" in 2001. She has appeared on TV on "Countdown Revolution", "Entertainment News Show", "G.P." and "E Street".

</doc>
<doc id="20335920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335920" title="St. George's Leper Hospital">
St. George's Leper Hospital

The medieval St. George's Leper Hospital () lay just outside the city of Copenhagen, Denmark.
History.
The most feared disease of the Middle Ages was leprosy. The terrible effects of the disease on the body were so catastrophic that those with the disease were most often expelled from human society. As a result, St. George's Hospital was located outside the city. The earliest of such foundations was in 1109 which were often dedicated to Saint George (), the patron saint of knights and protector of the weak and helpless. The first mention of Copenhagen's leper hospital was in 1261 as an existing institution. In 1275, one Olof Blok willed the contents of a house in Copenhagen for the maintenance of the leper hospital.
In 1443 however Christopher III commanded that known lepers should be taken out of their homes and moved, by force if necessary, to leper hospitals. He also sentenced bakers who sold adulterated bread to provide bread to St. George's Hospital and the Hospital of the Holy Ghost. To segregate lepers still further from the general population, the hospital was provided with enough property to be self-sufficient. Lepers were forbidden to work the fields, so tenant farmers lived on the farm to do the work. The hospital consisted of living quarters, a chapel, farm buildings and a brewery for the use of the inmates. The hospital had permission to solicit donations for the operation of the hospital. The lepers were permitted to stand to the side of the road and shake wooden clappers to warn travellers who often tossed coins toward the lepers as a kind of offering. The hospital periodically received larger donations including rental properties.
In 1348, the Hanseatic League devastated Copenhagen, including the leper hospital. It was rebuilt before 1380. The hospital was run by a fraternity, probably under the name of Saint Olaf, their particular patron. It was run like a monastery with both brothers and sisters. It had a superintendent to oversee day-to-day affairs. Franciscan friars came to pray in the chapel for the souls of the departed and say mass between 7.00 and 8.00 every morning. The chapel had an altar to Saint George and another dedicated to Saint Mary at "the monastery church of St. George" donated by Mayor Jep Klausen in 1476.
During the reign of Hans I of Denmark, the hospital became crown property and in 1502 it was given to Peder Andersen, a chancellor of the University of Copenhagen. He received the income from the hospital, and the inmates were forced to beg for their very existence. The situation was remedied in 1508 when he ordered the income from the hospital restored for the use of the "unhappy folk and sick". He also ordered two offering chests to be set up in the chapel which only the superintendent in the presence of one of the lepers could open. The funds were to be used for the benefit of the lepers.
St. George's survived the Reformation, though the property reverted to the crown at some point, and was later administered by a superintendent appointed by the Copenhagen city council. It came under the administration of the Hospital of the Holy Ghost in 1581. St. George's Leper Hospital is illustrated and named in the first graphic depiction of the city in 1587.
In 1609, the Hospital of the Holy Ghost moved to its new location at Vartov and St. George's Hospital, with its buildings, fields and appurtenances, was sold to Morten Wesling for 80 riksdalers. In 1621, the old hospital complex was sold to the corporation of Copenhagen City and was entirely demolished. The remaining inmates were moved at the city's expense to the city's pestilence hospital () at Sortedam Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20335924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335924" title="Elizabeth Hawthorne">
Elizabeth Hawthorne

Elizabeth Hawthorne, ONZM, is a New Zealand-born actress who is known for her role as Mrs. Macready in the 2005 film "" and the Peter Jackson supernatural comedy "The Frighteners." She played Judge Harriet Caldwell in the 2004 TV movie, "Raising Waylon". Married to Raymond Hawthorne, she is the mother to actresses Sophia and Emmeline Hawthorne.
Awards.
Hawthorne was made an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit in the Queen's Birthday Honours 2001, for services to the theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="20335926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335926" title="Self-Portrait (Jay-Jay Johanson album)">
Self-Portrait (Jay-Jay Johanson album)

Self-Portrait is a 2008 studio album by Swedish artist Jay-Jay Johanson.

</doc>
<doc id="20335946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335946" title="1978 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1978 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1978 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1978-1979. The Buckeyes compiled a 7–4–1 record, including the 1978 Gator Bowl in Jacksonville, Florida, where they lost 17–15 to the Clemson Tigers.

</doc>
<doc id="20335950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335950" title="Weightlifting at the 2002 Asian Games">
Weightlifting at the 2002 Asian Games

Weightlifting was contested from September 30 to October 10 at the 2002 Asian Games in Pukyong National University Gymasnium, Busan, South Korea.
Participating nations.
A total of 143 athletes from 30 nations competed in weightlifting at the 2002 Asian Games:

</doc>
<doc id="20335962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20335962" title="Jagat Seth">
Jagat Seth

Jagat Seth was a rich businessman from Murshidabad during the rule of Nawab Siraj-ud-Daula. He came from a rich Jain Marwari business family in Murshidabad. His spiritual guru was Jain Acharya Sri BhratruChandra Suri. "Jagat Seths" were among the most powerful bankers of India during the first half of 18th century. Roben Orme (official historian of East India Company) described Jagat Seths as "the greatest shroff (money changer) and banker in the known world."
According to Nick Robins:
"The Jagat Seths were unrivalled in northern India for their financial power. Known as 'banker of the world', this Marwari family had build up formindable economic resources on the back of its control of the imperial mint and extensive monelylending. They wielded this financial clout at the Bengali court and were judged to be 'the chief cause of revolutions in Bengal' by a French commentator at the time."
He, along with Omichund and Mir Jafar joined the successful conspiracy against the Nawab, engineered by Robert Clive, due to which the Nawab lost the battle of Plassey. The British thus established the first colony in India. Mir Jafar was installed as the puppet ruler of Bengal.
The Jagat Seth family were beheaded in 1763, during the reign of Mir Jafar's successor, by the troops of Mir Kasim. Mir Kasim had initially been installed by the East India Company as a puppet, but had attempted to rebel.

</doc>
<doc id="20336079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336079" title="2008 BWF World Junior Championships">
2008 BWF World Junior Championships

The 2008 BWF World Junior Championships took place in Pune, India, from 29 October to 2 November 2008.
Team competition.
A total of 21 countries competed at the team competition in 2008 BWF World Junior Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20336082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336082" title="Vanguard Films">
Vanguard Films

Vanguard Films, Inc., often named only as Vanguard, was an American film production company, established by producer David O. Selznick in 1943, after the dissolution of Selznick International Pictures. The company's president was Daniel T. O'Shea, while Dore Schary was the head of production. The company was liquidated in 1951.
When Selznick International ceased to exist, Vanguard took over the three films still in production – "Since You Went Away", "I'll Be Seeing You" and Hitchcock's "Spellbound" – and delivered them to the distributor United Artists, thus fulfilling Selznick's contract with UA.
After the agreement with United Artists was completed, Vanguard films were distributed by RKO Radio Pictures or Selznick Releasing Organization. Notable films among those are Hitchcock's "Notorious" and "The Paradine Case", and King Vidor's "Duel in the Sun".
Library.
Like most Selznick productions, films made by Vanguard are now owned by ABC with home video rights controlled by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The notable exceptions are "The Bachelor and the Bobby-Soxer" (which is now owned by Warner Bros., via-Turner Entertainment) and "Gone to Earth".

</doc>
<doc id="20336090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336090" title="Decorospora">
Decorospora

Decorospora is a fungal genus. Currently, it is monotypic, and contains only the marine species, Decorospora gaudefroyi. 

</doc>
<doc id="20336097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336097" title="1977 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1977 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1977 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1977-1978. The Buckeyes compiled a 9–3 record, including the 1978 Sugar Bowl in New Orleans, Louisiana, where they lost 35–6 to the Alabama Crimson Tide.
Game summaries.
Oklahoma.
European Soccer style kicker drilled a 50+ yard field goal to give the Sooners the win as time expired

</doc>
<doc id="20336149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336149" title="Shin Seung-hun">
Shin Seung-hun

Shin Seung Hun () was born on 21 March 1968. He is a South Korean ballad singer whose popularity peaked in the 1990s. He is remembered as one of the most important figures in South Korean pop music scene.
The newest single is "For Our Dreams", which he composed and performed. It was released in January 2009 and was used by Korean Air to commemorate its 40th Anniversary. Both Korean and English versions have been released.

</doc>
<doc id="20336199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336199" title="1976 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1976 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1976 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1976-1977. The Buckeyes compiled a 9–2–1 record, including the 1977 Orange Bowl in Miami, Florida, where they won 27–10 against the Colorado Buffaloes.
Game notes.
Minnesota.
Ohio State clinches at least a share of Big Ten title for record fifth straight year.

</doc>
<doc id="20336234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336234" title="Al-Mughamara">
Al-Mughamara

Al-Mughamara () ("The Adventure") is a Syrian movie which was released in 1974. It was directed by the Syrian film Director Muhammad Shahin. The movie is 100 minutes long.
Plot.
This film depends on history trying to give some contemporary interpretations by telling about the struggle over power between the Vizier and the Caliphate. The Vizier is trying to seek help from foreign armies to help him usurp power. One guard takes the chance and delivers his head to the Vizier so as to write a message of help to the enemies. The guard starts his adventure dreaming of wealth and beautiful slave girls. But he discovers too late that the Vizier had asked the enemy to cut the head of the message carrier. So the adventure ends with death.

</doc>
<doc id="20336252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336252" title="Doug Gaffka">
Doug Gaffka

Doug Gaffka is the design director of Ford Motor Company's "Living Legends" vehicle program, a position he has held since April 2001. Ford's Living Legends oversees the development of classic Ford nameplates, like the Thunderbird and Mustang, as well as new vehicle design. Gaffka has been with Ford since 1978, joining the company after graduating from the Center for Creative Studies in Detroit, Michigan with a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree the same year. Since joining the company he has held a number of vehicle design-related positions for Ford's North American operations and has worked in Ford's German and Australian operations. Gaffka was the chief designer for the Taurus and Sable vehicle programs in 1994, the Mustang in 1999, and the Thunderbird in 2001. Most recently, Gaffka was the chief designer behind the 2008 Mustang Bullitt and 2010 Mustang.

</doc>
<doc id="20336271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336271" title="Griselda (Antonio Maria Bononcini)">
Griselda (Antonio Maria Bononcini)

Griselda is a dramma per musica in three acts that was composed by Antonio Maria Bononcini. The opera uses a slightly revised version of the 1701 Italian libretto by Apostolo Zeno that was based on Giovanni Boccaccio's "The Decameron" (X, 10, "The Patient Griselda"). The opera was dedicated to Prince Maximilian Karl von Löwenstein, the Austrian governor of Milan, who died during the opera's world première on 26 December 1718 at the Teatro Regio Ducal in Milan. Nevertheless, Bononcini's opera was well received and enjoyed several revivals during the eighteenth century.
His brother, Giovanni Bononcini, wrote an even more popular version of his own to Zeno's libretto in 1722.
Synopsis.
Act One.
Years before the action begins, Gualtiero, King of Sicily, had married a poor shepherdess, Griselda. The marriage was deeply unpopular with the king's subjects and when a daughter, Costanza, was born, the king had to pretend to have her killed while secretly sending her to be brought up by Prince Corrado of Apulia. Now, faced with another rebellion from the Sicilians, Gualtiero is forced to renounce Griselda and promises to take a new wife. The proposed bride is in fact Costanza, who is unaware of her true parentage. She is in love with Corrado's younger brother, Roberto, and the thought of being forced to marry Gualtiero drives her to despair.
Act Two.
Griselda returns to her home in the countryside where she is pursued by the courtier Ottone, who is in love with her. She angrily rejects his advances. Gualtiero and his followers go out hunting and come across Griselda's cottage. Gualtiero foils an attempt by Ottone to kidnap Griselda and allows her back to the court, but only as Costanza's slave.
Act Three.
Ottone still resolutely pursues Griselda and Gualtiero promises him her hand as soon as he himself has married Costanza. Griselda declares she would rather die and, moved by her faithfulness, Gualtiero takes her back as his wife. He reveals the true identity of Costanza and allows her to marry Roberto.

</doc>
<doc id="20336287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336287" title="1994 Atlantic hurricane season">
1994 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1994 Atlantic hurricane season produced seven named tropical cyclones and three hurricanes, a total below the Atlantic hurricane season average. It officially started on June 1 and ended on November 30, dates which conventionally limit the period during which most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic Ocean. The first tropical cyclone, Tropical Storm Alberto, developed on June 30, while the last storm, Hurricane Gordon, dissipated on November 21. During the year, a total of seven named storms and three hurricanes formed. The season was unusual in that it produced no major hurricanes, which are those of Category 3 status or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. The most intense hurricane, Hurricane Florence, peaked as a Category 2 storm with winds of . Aside from Chris, Florence, and Gordon, none of the storms exceeded tropical storm intensity.
Tropical Storm Alberto produced significant rainfall and flooding in the Southeastern United States, damaging or destroying over 18,000 homes. In August, Tropical Storm Beryl produced heavy rainfall in Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, and North Carolina, with moderate to heavy rainfall throughout several other states. Beryl caused numerous injuries, many of which occurred from a tornado associated with the tropical storm. Tropical Storm Debby killed nine people in the Caribbean in September. Hurricane Gordon was the most significant storm of the season, causing damages from Costa Rica to North Carolina among its six landfalls. Extreme flooding and mudslides from Gordon caused approximately 1,122 fatalities in Haiti. In addition, a nor'easter in December may have had tropical characteristics, though due to the uncertainty, it was not classified as a tropical system.
Seasonal forecasts and activity.
Forecasts of hurricane activity are issued before each hurricane season by noted hurricane experts such as Dr. William M. Gray and his associates at Colorado State University. A normal season, as defined by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, has six to fourteen named storms, with four to eight of those reaching hurricane strength, and one to three major hurricanes. The 1994 forecast predicted that a total of 10 storms would form, of which six of the storms would reach hurricane status. The forecast also projected that three of the hurricanes would reach major hurricane status.
In terms of tropical cyclone activity, the season was below average, with only seven named storms, three hurricanes, and no major hurricanes. It was one of only four Atlantic hurricane seasons without major hurricanes, the others being the 1968, 1972, and 1986 seasons, although records before 1944 are incomplete. No storms of hurricane intensity formed within the months of September and October for the first time since reliable records began in the 1940s. The season did not produce any major hurricanes, storms of Category 3 status, the first such occurrence since 1986. The low seasonal activity is attributed to the presence of El Niño, which is a global coupled ocean-atmosphere phenomenon. The season officially began on June 1, and ended on November 30. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when the majority of tropical cyclones tend to form in the Atlantic Ocean. 
The season's activity was reflected with a low cumulative accumulated cyclone energy (ACE) rating of 32. ACE is, broadly speaking, a measure of the power of the hurricane multiplied by the length of time it existed, so storms that last a long time, as well as particularly strong hurricanes, have high ACEs. ACE is only calculated for full advisories on tropical systems at or exceeding 34 knots (39 mph, 63 km/h) or tropical storm strength.
Storms.
Tropical Storm Alberto.
The first storm of the season formed on June 30 near the western tip of Cuba. Initially tracking westward, the depression turned towards the north, though it remained poorly defined. Early on July 2, the depression organized into Tropical Storm Alberto. Alberto peaked as a tropical storm with winds of , and made landfall near Destin, Florida on July 3. The storm quickly weakened to a tropical depression over Alabama as it continued to the northeast, but retained a well-organized circulation. High pressures built to its north and east, causing the remnant tropical depression to stall over northwestern Georgia. It began a westward drift and dissipated over central Alabama on July 7.
Alberto triggered some of the worst flooding ever observed across portions of Georgia, Alabama, and Florida. As a result of the storm's slow motion, of rain fell in some locations. Due to flash flooding, 33 deaths were reported, primarily in Georgia. Over 18,000 homes were damaged or destroyed, and in excess of 1,000 roads sustained damage. About of crops were affected by the storm, and 218 dams failed. Total damage from the storm amounted to $750 million (1994 USD; $  USD). The flooding from Alberto was considered the worst natural disaster in Georgia's history. 
Tropical Depression Two.
The origins of the depression were from a broad upper-level trough that extended northeastward from the Bahamas. An area of convection developed near the Bahamas, spawning a low pressure area on July 19. The next day, the system organized into Tropical Depression Two, after confirmation from the Hurricane Hunters. Upon developing, the depression was poorly organized, with most of the thunderstorms located south of the center. On July 20, the circulation became better organized as the convection increased; however, the depression moved ashore near Georgetown, South Carolina at 1400 UTC without intensifying beyond winds of 35 miles per hour (55 km/h). As it moved inland, it turned to the north, dissipating on July 21 near Charlotte, North Carolina. The remnant low continued northeastward across the northeastern United States, becoming unidentifiable on July 22 while entering Nova Scotia.
The depression was never forecast to attain tropical storm status. Officials issued flash flood watches for portions of the southeastern United States. Tropical Depression Two dropped light rainfall throughout the Southeastern United States, the Mid-Atlantic, and parts of New England. It was the first tropical system to make landfall in South Carolina since Hurricane Hugo. Rainfall peaked at 6.84 in (173.7 mm) in Hamlet, North Carolina. There were no reports of damage or casualties associated with Tropical Depression Two.
Tropical Storm Beryl.
After a slow start to the season, Tropical Storm Beryl formed as a tropical depression on August 14 in the Gulf of Mexico. The center moved slowly and erratically in response to an approaching trough, and after moving towards the north, the storm made landfall near Panama City, Florida as a tropical storm. The weakening storm accelerated towards the north-northeast, and the system was identifiable as a low pressure system as far north as Connecticut.
Tropical Storm Beryl produced heavy rainfall in Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, and North Carolina, with moderate to heavy rainfall throughout several other states. Several rivers from Florida to New York approached or exceeded flood stage. Although no fatalities were directly related to Beryl, several injuries were reported, including 37 due to an associated tornado. Property damage was estimated at $73 million (1994 USD; $  USD). 
Hurricane Chris.
Hurricane Chris originated from a tropical wave that emerged from the west coast of Africa on August 11 and tracked westward. The associated disturbance organized and was declared a tropical depression on August 16, while Tropical Storm Beryl was over land. The depression intensified into a tropical storm on August 17, and the next day it acquired hurricane intensity. Chris maintained hurricane strength for two days, before increased wind shear caused the cyclone to weaken. The storm remained away from land, passing to the east of Bermuda on August 21, before it merged with an extratropical baroclinic zone to the southeast of Newfoundland.
Hurricane Chris dropped of rain on Bermuda, though no damages or fatalities were reported. 
Tropical Depression Five.
A tropical wave that was first noted on August 17 tracked westward and reached the Caribbean Sea on August 26. The wave moved across the Yucatan Peninsula, and developed into a tropical depression on August 29 in the Bay of Campeche. Moving west-northwestward, the system remained below tropical storm status, and made landfall near Tampico on August 31.
Mexico was affected by rainfall from Tropical Depression Five, which peaked at , while associated moisture from the depression affected San Antonio, Texas. 
Tropical Storm Debby.
A tropical depression developed from another tropical wave on September 9. Surface observations and ship reports suggested that it developed into Tropical Storm Debby on September 10, despite poor organization evidenced by satellite imagery. Peaking with winds of , the storm moved westward through the Leeward Islands and encountered wind shear which limited the storm's intensity and organization. Wind shear caused the system to deteriorate, and the circulation degenerated into a tropical wave on September 11.
Tropical Storm Debby killed four people and injured 24 on St. Lucia. Heavy rainfall caused flooding and mudslides, which washed away hillside shacks, eight bridges, and parts of roads. Flood waters were chest-high in some locations, and the storm's winds damaged banana plantations. Mudslides caused by the storm blocked roads, and water supply was disrupted. On Martinique, one person drowned and some towns were flooded. Downed trees made roads impassable, and up to 20,000 people on the island lost power. Three deaths occurred in the Dominican Republic, and a fisherman drowned off of Puerto Rico. Throughout the areas affected by Debby, it is estimated that hundreds of people were homeless. 
Tropical Storm Ernesto.
A tropical wave exited Africa on September 18 with an area of organized deep convection. The wave was in a series of strong waves that exited Africa later than the climatological peak of the season. Dvorak classifications began on September 21, and later that day the system developed into Tropical Depression Seven about 500 miles (806 km) southwest of Cape Verde. Wind shear was marginally favorable for development, and the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Ernesto on September 22. The next morning, the storm attained its peak intensity, with winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) and a minimum atmospheric pressure of 997 mbar (hPa; 29.53 inHg).
After peaking, Ernesto entered an area of increasing wind shear and stronger upper-tropospheric flow, resulting in a steady weakening trend. After most of the convection diminished over the center, the storm weakened to a tropical depression on September 24. Subsequently, it decelerated and turned to a west-northwest drift. The last public advisory was issued on Tropical Depression Ernesto at 2100 UTC September 25, although it did not dissipate until early the next day, about 450 miles (725 km) west of Cape Verde. The remnants continued generally westward, occasionally redeveloping deep convection but never regenerating into a tropical cyclone. The remnants were no longer identifiable as of September 29.
Tropical Depression Eight.
The eighth depression of the season formed with little convection on September 19 in the southwestern Caribbean Sea. The area of convection lasted for several days moving from northwestern direction to the northeastern. The wave was estimated to have strengthened into Tropical Depression Eight on September 24 near the coast of Honduras. An Air Force aircraft found the depression with a poorly organized circulation and a pressure of . The depression moved west at on September 25. Just before landfall in Belize on September 25, Eight hit its peak intensity of 35 mph (55 km/h) and . The depression made landfall in Mexico and dissipated the next day over Guatemala. Reports show that the remnants of Eight became Tropical Depression Ten. The storm dropped heavy precipitation in and around Belize.
Tropical Depression Nine.
Tropical Depression Nine started out as a well-defined cloud circulation that moved off the coast of Africa on September 26. The circulation was upgraded to the ninth depression of the 1994 season, southeast of Cape Verde the next day at 1200 UTC when banding cloud patterns became evident on satellite imagery. The depression moved toward the north-northwest at or less, reaching peak intensity early on September 28, around 0600 UTC, but the LLCC became exposed and the depression lost much of its deep convection later that day. The NHC declared Nine dissipated early on September 29, near Sal in the Cape Verde Islands.
Tropical Depression Ten.
The remnants of Tropical Depression Eight persisted over the northwestern Caribbean in late September. Convection increased and organized after a tropical wave reached the area. A circulation soon developed within the low pressure area. It was estimated that Tropical Depression Ten formed on September 29 at 0600 UTC. A reconnaissance aircraft did not indicate a closed circulation due to the proximity with Cuba, which caused difficulties with satellite intensity estimates. The system was relatively disorganized, potentially moving ashore in western Cuba near Cabo San Antonio. The tropical depression entered the Gulf of Mexico on September 30 as it turned to the northwest. On September 30 at 0600 UTC, the tropical depression attained its peak intensity, winds had reached and the minimum central pressure had dropped down to 1004 mbar. The depression was soon becoming absorbed by a larger non-tropical system in the southern Gulf of Mexico. By 1800 UTC on September 30, Tropical Depression Ten had been completely absorbed by the non-tropical system. Initial predictions from the National Hurricane Center estimated that the depression would rapidly develop into a tropical storm. The depression dropped heavy rainfall in Cuba, reaching in a 24 hour period in Giron. Rainfall from the tropical depression in the Florida Keys was around . The remnants of the depression dropped heavy rains in Florida, causing $5 million in damage (1994 USD).
Hurricane Florence.
After a quiet October, the month of November began with the formation of a subtropical depression on November 2. The storm intensified into a subtropical storm shortly thereafter before weakening to a depression the next day. The subtropical system transitioned into a tropical cyclone about east-southeast of Bermuda, and the depression quickly strengthened into Tropical Storm Florence. Florence rapidly intensified and was upgraded to a hurricane on November 4. The intensification ceased shortly after it started and minor fluctuations in intensity took place over the following three days. Florence was subsequently upgraded to a Category 2 hurricane. A large extratropical system located to the north absorbed the storm on November 8.
Hurricane Gordon.
Hurricane Gordon was the final storm of the season. The system formed near Panama in the southwestern Caribbean Sea on November 9. Strengthening into a tropical storm, Gordon wound its way north into the Greater Antilles. Despite warm waters, persistent wind shear prevented significant strengthening. Executing a slow turn to the north and then the northwest, Gordon made two more landfalls, on eastern Jamaica and eastern Cuba. As Tropical Storm Gordon made its fourth landfall crossing the Florida Keys, it interacted with a cyclone in the upper-troposphere and a series of cyclonic lows which lent the storm some sub-tropical characteristics. After a few days as an unusual hybrid of a tropical and a subtropical system in the Gulf of Mexico, the storm re-claimed its tropical storm status and it made another landfall across the Florida peninsula and continued into the Atlantic Ocean. In the Atlantic, Gordon rapidly strengthened to a Category 1 hurricane. Gordon's characteristic briefly approached North Carolina, but ultimately the storm headed south, weakening into a minor tropical storm before making its sixth and final landfall on Florida's east coast. Overall, the storm made six separate landfalls.
Hurricane Gordon caused heavy damage and 1,122 fatalities in Haiti; the storm's effects extended from Costa Rica to North Carolina in the United States. Over Hispaniola, the persistent southerly flow to the east of the storm, combined with the steep upslope motion of the land, generated prolonged rainfall which triggered disastrous flooding and mudslides. The extreme flooding led to an estimated 1,122 fatalities in Haiti, although some reports indicate that up to 2,000 people died. Six deaths were also reported in Costa Rica. Elsewhere, five fatalities were reported in the Dominican Republic, two in Jamaica, and two in Cuba. In Florida, the storm caused eight fatalities and 43 injuries. In Volusia County, 1,236 buildings reported flood damage. In the state, damage totaled $400 million (1994 USD; $  USD).
Other storms.
A weak and broad frontal low absorbed the remnants of Tropical Depression Ten in the central Gulf of Mexico. The Hydrometeorological Prediction Center identified the system as a subtropical storm on October 1. The subtropical storm moved across Florida and the Southeastern United States on October 2 and 3; when it reached the Atlantic Coast, it became an extratropical frontal wave. However, the National Hurricane Center does not confirm the existence of the subtropical cyclone.
In addition to the seven named storms, a nor'easter formed in late December. As it entered the warm waters of the Gulf Stream in the Atlantic Ocean, it began to rapidly intensify, exhibiting signs of tropical development, including the formation of an eye. It attained a pressure of 970 millibars on December 23 and 24, and after moving northward, it came ashore near New York City on Christmas Eve. However, due to the uncertain nature of the storm, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) did not classify it as a tropical cyclone.
Season effects.
This is a table of all of the storms that formed in the 1994 Atlantic hurricane season. It includes their duration, names, landfall(s) – denoted by bold location names – damages, and death totals. Deaths in parentheses are additional and indirect (an example of an indirect death would be a traffic accident), but are still related to that storm. Damage and deaths include totals while the storm was extratropical or a wave or low, and all of the damage figures are in 1994 USD.
Storm names.
The following names were used for named storms that formed in the north Atlantic in 1994. No names were retired, so it was used again in the 2000 season. This is the same list used for the 1988 season except for Gordon and Joyce, which replaced Gilbert and Joan. A storm was named Gordon for the first time in 1994. Names that were not assigned are marked in .
Retirement.
The World Meteorological Organization did not retire any names in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20336314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336314" title="Danny Gilmore (politician)">
Danny Gilmore (politician)

Danny Gilmore (born December 2, 1949) was a Republican Assemblymember from California's 30th State Assembly district. In the November 2008 election, Gilmore won an upset victory over Shafter Mayor Fran Florez, the mother of State Senator and former 30th District Assemblyman Dean Florez.
Education.
Gilmore is a graduate of Palomar College as well as the Advanced, Supervisory and Management courses of the Police Officers Standard Training program. Gilmore also taught weaponless defense courses at the Lemoore campus of West Hills College.
Early career.
Military career.
Gilmore started his public service when he enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 1969 and after assignments at Camp Pendleton, El Toro, and Okinawa, he received his honorable discharge and upon graduation from the CHP Academy in 1972 embarked upon a 31 year career with the California Highway Patrol.
CHP career.
Gilmore was a CHP officer from 1972 until 2003. He worked for the South Los Angeles, Oceanside, Sacramento, King City, and Hanford CHP office during his career. 
In 1981, Gilmore was promoted to sergeant and assigned to King City. His subsequent promotion to Lieutenant saw him assigned as the Hanford Area Commander. Promoted to Captain, Gilmore was assigned as Commander of the Visalia Area in 1995. His final promotion, before retiring in 2003, was as Assistant Chief to the Central Division Headquarters, Fresno.
Gilmore also led the Patrol's Physical Training Unit. Cited as one of the most demanding training programs in law enforcement, Gilmore drilled CHP Cadets daily for four years.
Active with his fellow law enforcement colleagues, Gilmore held membership with the California Peace Officers Association, the Tulare County Chiefs Association and is a lifetime member of the California Highway Patrolman's Association.
Political career.
2006 election.
In one of the closest elections of the cycle, Gilmore lost the election to incumbent Nicole Parra by less than 900 votes.
2008 election.
As Assemblywoman Nicole Parra (Gilmore's predecessor and 2006 opponent) and State Senator Dean Florez (Parra's predecessor) have been feuding for years, Parra refused to endorse Shafter Mayor Fran Florez, Dean Florez's mother and Gilmore's Democratic opponent in the race. Instead, Parra, a Democrat, crossed party lines to endorse Gilmore, a Republican. Gilmore defeated Florez in the November 4, 2008 general election, and now represents the 30th Assembly District.
2010 election outlook.
Florez has announced that she will seek a rematch against Gilmore Florez will face a primary challenge from Pete Parra, the father of former Assemblywoman Nicole Parra [http://www.kingsburgrecorder.com/articles/2010/01/20/news/doc4b575531904ee938035419.txt.
On January 19, 2010, Gilmore announced that he would not be a candidate for reelection, saying "If I could sum up in one word my feeling about serving in the Legislature, that word would have to be 'frustration. This most recent phase of public service does not suit my family or me. There are those who enjoy political games and legislative intrigue. I'm just not one of them." He has endorsed David Valadao, a dairy farmer, to succeed him. [http://www.modbee.com/opinion/state/jim_boren/story/1022727.html Valadao won the election.
Personal.
Gilmore is married to his lifelong sweetheart, Cindi, and together they raised two children, a son, Damon, and a daughter, Deanna, who have now given them six grandchildren.
The Gilmore's have called Hanford, California home since 1985 and have been active members of the Calvary Christian Center.

</doc>
<doc id="20336317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336317" title="Austin Stars Performing Arts Association">
Austin Stars Performing Arts Association

History.
The Austin Stars Performing Arts Association (ASPAA), a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, was founded in the fall of 2005 by Brent Unger and Evan Morgan, both alumni of Star of Indiana, and Cathy Benford, former staff and board member of Revolution Drum and Bugle Corps, with the initial intention of creating the Austin Stars Drum and Bugle Corps. Efforts to form any kind of ensemble in 2006 were postponed when Mr. Morgan, a captain in the U.S. Air Force, was sent to serve in Afghanistan.
In the fall of 2006, planning continued for the 2007 season and their first ensemble was a 6-man brass ensemble. Their debut was at the Texas Drum Corps Preview on June 16, 2007. The brass ensemble performed two more times during that summer at Brass Hysteria in Bedford and Brass On The Bayou in Houston. Evan Morgan returned home safely in late July from his tour of duty in Afghanistan.
In 2008, the Austin Stars Drum and Bugle Corps fielded its first show. The Association also welcomed the Austin Independent Winterguard (ATX Winterguard) as the next member organization.
Show History:
2008: Broadway!
2009: Footsteps of a Soldier
Future.
For 2009, the Association has reorganized to more effectively and clearly define the Association-Organization relationships, and will focus on planning and fundraising for our members groups. This new organizational structure will allow the Association to grow in a controlled manner while creating a unified strategy for the benefit of all members.
Trivia.
The name "Austin Stars" was selected for three reasons:

</doc>
<doc id="20336355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336355" title="Sobe (sister of Saint Anne)">
Sobe (sister of Saint Anne)

Sobe, also known as Sovin, was the mother of St. Elizabeth and a sister of St. Anne, according to medieval Byzantine sources.
The Bible records only that Elizabeth as a descendant of Aaron and a cousin (or relative) of Mary. The name of Sobe first appears in writings of about the 8th century by Hippolytus of Thebes, Andrew of Crete, and Epiphanius Monachus, and later in Nicephorus Callistus and Andronicus. All recount essentially the same passage, given by the last two as follows:
There were three sisters of Bethlehem, daughters of Matthan the priest, and Mary his wife, under the reign of Cleopatra and Sosipatrus, before the reign of Herod, the son of Antipater: the eldest was Mary, the second was Sobe, the youngest’s name was Anne. The eldest being married in Bethlehem, had for daughter Salome the midwife; Sobe the second likewise married in Bethlehem, and was the mother of Elizabeth; last of all the third married in Galilee, and brought forth Mary the mother of Christ.
The 19th-century mystic Anne Catherine Emmerich claims that according to her visions (which give a detailed genealogy of Mary), Sobe was a sister of Anne, but the mother of Elizabeth was Emerentia, Sobe and Anne's maternal aunt.

</doc>
<doc id="20336383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336383" title="John Faunce Leavitt">
John Faunce Leavitt

John Faunce Leavitt (1905–1974) was a well-known shipbuilder, writer on maritime subjects, painter of marine canvases, and curator of Mystic Seaport in Mystic, Connecticut. 
John F. Leavitt was born to the sea. His Maine family were sailors, as reflected in early photographs showing his seven-year-old sister Syrena and him at the wheel of the "Alice S. Wentworth" in Lynn, Massachusetts. Leavitt himself was a crew member on several coastal schooners in Maine beginning in 1918 until about 1925, the tail end of the schooner era.
Later in life, the boatbuilder and artist began working for the esteemed Mystic Seaport museum, where he continued painting and writing about his love: the sea and the boats built to withstand it. At Mystic, Leavitt worked as an assistant curator, applying his knowledge of sailing vessels to the museum's collection.
He continued to paint and write, and his watercolor and oil paintings are in the collection of the Peabody Essex Museum, Salem, Massachusetts, and other museum and private collections. Leavitt painted everything from "Old Ironsides" to the Gloucester fishing schooner "L. A. Dunton". In 1952 the maritime artist's works were the subject of a one-man show at the William A. Farnsworth Library and Art Museum, Rockland, Maine. Leavitt continued to write about the technical aspects of the shipbuilding industry, including the monograph "Shipbuilding in Colonial Connecticut".
Leavitt's best-known work was "Wake of the Coasters", published in 1970 by Wesleyan University Press. Drawing on his work for the Maritime Historical Association of Mystic, Connecticut, Leavitt sketched a biography of the smaller New England coasting schooners in a work now considered a classic among aficionados. On the opening page of his work, Leavitt's elegiac tone towards the noble wind-driven ships of the past was evident. "The dude cruisers are only maritime ghosts in an atomic world", Leavitt wrote wistfully of the old schooners. 
In his works, both on canvas and paper, Leavitt's passion for the old schooners was palpable. "There was a time when spars and rigging made a commonplace pattern against the Maine sky", Leavitt wrote in "Wake of the Coasters". "It was in 1938 when the last cargo-carrying schooner was launched in the State of Maine, yet today there seem to be very few who remember when the reaches and thoroughfares swarmed with coasting schooners. Perhaps that is because the sight was so taken for granted."
Leavitt's books were often the exception in the world of cool rigging-and-spars nautical writing. In "Wake", for instance, Leavitt revisited the sinking of the 1928 sinking of the schooner "William Booth" by its much larger counterpart, the "Helen Barnet Gring", an enormous four-masted coasting schooner built in 1919 by Robert L. Bean in Camden, Maine for the Boston shipping firm of Crowell and Thurlow. The three-masted Booth, according to Leavitt, was cut down and sunk by the Gring. In Leavitt's hands, these arcane tales of the sea were rendered with the passion of Herman Melville.
Leavitt published a number of other books, most accompanied by his own artworks of the great coasting schooners. "The Charles W. Morgan", published in 1973, delineated the history of the restored Morgan, the last wooden whaling ship, anchored at Mystic Seaport. The work included more than 80 photographs of the restored vessel, documenting the ship's crew at work on the vessel.
In an unblinking assessment of the hazards of sea travel, Leavitt noted the number of crew deaths aboard the schooner. "The late author John F. Leavitt chronicled the life of the vessel", wrote Leslie Rule in her "Ghost in the Mirror", "referencing archived ship logs to provide much of the information, including many fatalities."
The papers of John Leavitt from 1966–74, during his time at Mystic as the Seaport's Associate Curator, are collected at the G. W. Blunt White Library at the Mystic Seaport Museum. The artist, writer and curator's photographs are in the collection of the George Eastman House in Rochester, New York. John Leavitt died on May 25, 1974, in Mystic, Connecticut.
Fate of the Schooner John F. Leavitt.
During the early 1970s a fan of the coasting schooners of New England, Ned Ackerman, became empassioned with a dream to build such a vessel, and to prove that commercial sail could still work. He had read all the books and talked with as many authorities as he could find. Among these was the master, John F. Leavitt. At the inaugural Schooner History Symposium held at the Bath Marine Museum in the summer of 1972, Mr. Leavitt and Mr. Ackerman were present. There were many living in Maine at the time who were tremendous experts in the history of the wooden schooners, and also there were many who owned these boats and were rebuilding them for use in the sail passenger trade. It was the perfect place to nurture an interest in the old working boats. 
Ackerman had commissioned a design for the vessel from the renowned naval architect, Pete Culler, the author of Skiffs and Schooners. R. D. "Pete" Culler had designed several schooners of note for the Concordia Company in South Dartmouth, Massachusetts. He was also the designer of the sail training vessel R. Tucker Thompson of New Zealand.
Ackerman engaged to have this vessel built at Newbert & Wallace Shipyard in Thomaston, Maine. The keel was laid in 1976 of the 97-foot two-masted, centreboard schooner "John F. Leavitt", named in honor of the author of "Wake of the Coasters" (1970). When finished she was painted white with a distinctive red waist, and her figurehead depicted a fox with feathers gripped in his mouth. The schooner was launched in late summer, 1979 and almost immediately began to encounter difficulties, running aground in the Saint George River and having to sit out a tide on her launching day. She made her maiden voyage down the coast to Quincy, Massachusetts in November. It was late in the season for a North Atlantic voyage, but here again she had to wait for her cargo. One of her best crew was injured climbing a fence and could not sail with her. Leaving Quincy heavily laden, she sank a few days later following a heavy winter three-day North Atlantic gale near the Gulf Stream. Her crew were taken off the vessel by the Air National Guard, by rescue helicopter.
The building and the eventual sinking of the "John F. Leavitt" was the subject of a film dubbed "Coaster", some six years in the making. Critics gave the film glowing reviews, and it won the Best Adventure Film Feature at the American Film Festival. "A thrilling story", said "The Boston Phoenix". "Endowed with the beauty of an heroic epic", raved "The Washington Post". The schooner, carrying a cargo to Haiti on her maiden voyage, foundered in a gale off Delaware, an event captured on film.
Many in the schooner community, however, felt that throughout the sinking Ackerman was more concerned with saving face than saving his vessel. This view lead to a persistent joke at the time: (told with a Maine accent) "Called that boat the John F. Leave-It... and that's just what they did!."
The 83-ton schooner with 6,441 feet of sail, built by enthusiast Ned Ackerman and carrying a cargo of lumber, was seen to founder in heavy seas. Adding to the drama was the fact that the "John F. Leavitt" was the first sailing cargo ship built for more than 40 years in the United States and went to her grave on her maiden voyage.
The ship was financed by a single enthusiast owner who was eager to demonstrate that wind power still had a place in the modern world. The topsail schooner was built to demonstrate that a modern wooden schooner under sail could carry cargo and compete with the engine-driven ships of the twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="20336410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336410" title="Location-based authentication">
Location-based authentication

Location-based authentication is a special procedure to prove an individual's identity and authenticity on appearance simply by detecting its presence at a distinct location.
To enable location-based authentication, a special combination of objects is required. 
Distinctiveness of locating.
Basic requirement for safe location-based authentication is a well defined separation of locations as well as an equally well defined proximity of the applying individual to this location.
Challenges.
, no offered technical solution for simple location-based authentication includes a method for limiting the granted access to the presence, hence terminating the granted authentication on leave. This defines a mandate either to include a new or an additional procedure for 

</doc>
<doc id="20336424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336424" title="Time-based authentication">
Time-based authentication

Time-based authentication is a special procedure to prove an individual's identity and authenticity on appearance simply by detecting its presence at a scheduled time of day or within a scheduled time interval and on a distinct location.
To enable time-based authentication, a special combination of objects is required. 
Distinctiveness of locating.
It makes no sense to define a starting time or a time span without constraints of location. No granting of access is known without defining a distinct location where this access shall be granted. Basic requirement for safe time based authentication is a well defined separation of locations as well as an equally well defined proximity of the applying individual to this location.

</doc>
<doc id="20336441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336441" title="Firswood Metrolink station">
Firswood Metrolink station

Firswood Metrolink station is a stop on the South Manchester Line (SML) of Greater Manchester's light-rail Metrolink system. Located in the Firswood area of Trafford, it was built as part of Phase 3a of the network's expansion, and opened on 7 July 2011.
Firswood Metrolink station is located on a section of the former Cheshire Lines Committee railway line, in a cutting adjacent to St John Vianney School on Rye Bank Road. The stop provides access to both Firswood and Whalley Range.
History.
The station opened on 7 July 2011. and is the first newly constructed station on the new South Manchester Metrolink line out of Manchester. 
Firswood is a new station on a re-opened railway line, the Cheshire Lines Committee line, which closed to passenger service in 1967. It was planned to re-open the line as part of the expansion of the Manchester Metrolink tram network. Proposals to re-open the line have been put forward since the 1980s, but remained unfunded until the 2000s. The line extension which was originally proposed would take over the disused tracks of the Cheshire Lines Committee as far as East Didsbury. 
In 2006, it was announced that Phase 3A would go ahead, including the extension of the network as far St Werburgh's Road. Following the rejection of the Greater Manchester Transport Innovation Fund in a public referendum in 2008, extension of the line as East Didsbury (Phase 3B) will now go ahead with funding from national and local government.
Construction of the line began in April 2009 and the new line became operational in July 2011.
Services.
Firswood is located on the South Manchester Line with trams towards Rochdale railway station via Victoria and Oldham Mumps and to East Didsbury running every 12 minutes Monday-Saturdays and Sunday daytime and every 15 minutes Sunday early mornings and evenings. Services extended from St Werburgh's Road to East Didsbury on 23 May 2013 and additional services will run between the city centre and Manchester Airport in 2016.
Connecting bus routes.
Firswood is not served by any direct bus service but some services stop nearby to the stop. Stagecoach Manchester service 15 stops on King's Road and runs westbound to Flixton via Stretford and Urmston and eastbound to Manchester, while Stagecoach/Arriva North West service 84 stops on Seymour Grove and runs northbound to Manchester and southbound to Reddish via Chorlton, Withington Community Hospital and East Didsbury.

</doc>
<doc id="20336454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336454" title="Members of the Australian Senate, 1971–1974">
Members of the Australian Senate, 1971–1974

This is a list of members of the Australian Senate from 1971 to 1974. Half of its members were elected at the 25 November 1967 half Senate election and had terms due to finish on 30 June 1974; the other half were elected at the 21 November 1970 half Senate election and had terms due to finish on 30 June 1977. In fact, the term for all of them was terminated by the double dissolution for the 18 May 1974 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20336458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336458" title="St Werburgh's Road Metrolink station">
St Werburgh's Road Metrolink station

St Werburgh's Road Metrolink station is a stop on the South Manchester Line (SML) of Greater Manchester's light-rail Metrolink system. Located in Chorlton-cum-Hardy in southern Manchester, it was built as part of Phase 3a of the network's expansion, and opened on 7 July 2011.
Consisting of an island platform to the east of St Werburgh's Road, the station is built largely on the site of the former Chorlton Junction Signal Box and its surroundings. It will serve as an interchange for passengers travelling towards either the Manchester Airport or East Didsbury stops once the Airport extension is complete.
History.
St Werburgh's Road is a station on a re-opened railway line, the Cheshire Lines Committee line, which closed to passenger service in 1967. It was planned to re-open the line as part of the expansion of the Metrolink tram network. Proposals to re-open the line have been put forward since the 1980s, but remained unfunded until the 2000s. The line extension which was originally proposed would take over the disused trackbed of the Cheshire Lines Committee as far as East Didsbury. 
In 2006, it was announced that the first phase of the "Big Bang" Metrolink expansion project (Phase 3A) would go ahead, including the extension of the network as far as St Werburgh's Road. Following the rejection of the Greater Manchester Transport Innovation Fund in a public referendum in 2008, extension of the line to East Didsbury (Phase 3B) went ahead with funding from national and local government.
Construction of the line began in April 2009 and the line became operational as far as St Werburgh's Road in July 2011. Services to East Didsbury became operational on 23 May 2013.
Services.
St Werburgh's Road is located on the South Manchester Line with trams towards Rochdale railway station via Victoria and Oldham Mumps running every 12 minutes Monday–Saturday and Sunday daytime and every 15 minutes Sunday early mornings and evenings. Services extended from St Werburgh's Road to East Didsbury on 23 May 2013 and additional services will run between the city centre and Manchester Airport in the Summer of 2016.
Connecting bus routes.
St Werburgh's Road station is not served by any direct bus service. There are several services that stop in nearby Chorlton centre.
Cycle track.
The Fallowfield Loop cycle path begins at St Werburgh's Road station and follows the old trackbed of the former Fallowfield Loop railway line through Fallowfield and Levenshulme to Debdale Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20336465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336465" title="Leaf painting">
Leaf painting

Leaf painting is the process of painting with dyed leaves. Deriving from Japan, China or India, it became popular in Vietnam. Its two main forms are: Cutting and pasting dry leaf to make leaf paintings or using paint to draw onto the surface of dry leaf to make leaf paintings.
Every product is unique, quite different from the others because of the leaves' veins, the forms, and the colors before or after dying.
It is one of the most beautiful painting in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20336514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336514" title="Charles Wyrick">
Charles Wyrick

Charles A. Wyrick is an American politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma. He serves in the Oklahoma Senate, representing District 1, which includes Craig, Delaware and Ottawa counties. He currently serves as Democratic whip. He was re-elected in 2008 and 2012. He will be forced to retire in 2016 due to term limits set forth in the Oklahoma Constitution.
Wyrick started his family dairy in 1980 and is currently raising dairy cows. In 1990, he started a heavy equipment contracting business specializing in soil conservation work. He served on the Board of Directors of the Ottawa County Conservation District from 1999 through 2004.
Political career.
Charles Wyrick was elected to office in 2004 and authored legislation in his first term to require convicted sex offenders to wear a Global Positioning system upon their release from incarceration.
After the 2006 election, Republicans and Democrats held an equal number of seats in the Oklahoma Senate and Wyrick was elected as the Democratic co-floor leader of the Senate, who shared power with a Republican co-floor leader.
In 2012, after the Republican-led Oklahoma Legislature redrew district lines, Wyrick won re-election after his sole opponent dropped out of the race.
Wyrick currently serves as the Democratic caucus as an assistant floor leader.

</doc>
<doc id="20336520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336520" title="Musical plagiarism">
Musical plagiarism

Music plagiarism is the use or close imitation of another author's music while representing it as one's own original work. Plagiarism in music now occurs in two contexts—with a "musical idea" (that is, a melody or motif) or "sampling" (taking a portion of one sound recording and reusing it in a different song). For a legal history of the latter see sampling.
Overview.
Any music that follows rules of a musical scale is limited by the ability to use a small number of notes. The seven-note diatonic scale is the foundation of the European musical tradition.
No artist denies the existence of, and relation between, musical genres. In addition, all forms of music can be said to include patterns. Algorithms (or, at the very least, formal sets of rules) have been used to compose music for centuries; the procedures used to plot voice-leading in Western counterpoint, for example, can often be reduced to algorithmic determinacy.
For these reasons, accidental or "unconscious" plagiarism is possible. As well, some artists abandon the stigma of plagiarism altogether. Composer Dmitri Shostakovich perhaps commented sarcastically on the issue of musical plagiarism with his use of "We Wish You a Merry Christmas," an instantly recognizable tune, in his Prelude No. 15 in D Flat, Op. 87.
According to U.S. copyright law, in the absence of a confession, musicians who accuse others of stealing their work must prove "access"—the alleged plagiarizer must have heard the song—and "similarity"—the songs must share unique musical components. though it is difficult to come to a definition of what is "similarity".
Even if a piece of music is in the public domain and thus not protected by copyright, it may still be plagiarism to copy a portion (or all) of it without attribution. There are many changes in the creation, content, dissemination and consumption of popular music in the 21st century.
Folk tradition.
The issue of plagiarism in folk music is problematic as copying and not crediting songs was common. Noted blues author and producer Robert Palmer states "It is the custom, in blues music, for a singer to borrow verses from contemporary sources, both oral and recorded, add his own tune and/or arrangement, and call the song his own". Folklorist Carl Lindahl, refers to these recycling of lyrics in songs as "floating lyrics". He defines it within the folk-music tradition as "lines that have circulated so long in folk communities that tradition-steeped singers call them instantly to mind and rearrange them constantly, and often unconsciously, to suit their personal and community aesthetics". In 2012, when Bob Dylan was questioned over his alleged plagiarism of others music he responded, "It's an old thing – it's part of the tradition. It goes way back". Princeton University professor of American history Sean Wilentz defended Dylan's appropriation of music stating "crediting bits and pieces of another's work is scholarly tradition, not an artistic tradition". In 1998, B.B. King stated on the issue, "I don't think anybody steals anything; all of us borrow."
Musical ideas.
Plagiarism is relevant to different musical styles in different ways.
In classical music, software exists that automatically generates music in the style of another composer, using musical analysis of their works. Most notably, David Cope has written a software system called "Experiments in Musical Intelligence" (or "EMI") that is capable of analyzing and generalizing from existing music by a human composer to generate novel musical compositions in the same style. EMI's output is convincing enough to persuade human listeners that its music is human-generated to a high level of competence.
According to Theodor Adorno's highly controversial view, popular music in general employs extensive plagiarism: variety in the musical material occurs in details whereas genuinely original musical content tends to be sparse when compared to classical or art music.
Sampling.
Sampling has long been an area of contention from a legal perspective. Early sampling artists simply used portions of other artists' recordings, without permission; once rap and other music incorporating samples began to make significant money, the original artists began to take legal action, claiming copyright infringement. Some sampling artists fought back, claiming their samples were fair use (a legal doctrine in the USA that is not universal). International sampling is governed by agreements such as the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works and the WIPO Copyright and Performances and Phonograms Treaties Implementation Act.
Today, most mainstream artists obtain prior authorization to use samples, a process known as "clearing," by gaining permission to use the sample and, usually, paying an upfront fee and/or a cut of the royalties to the original artist. Independent bands, lacking the funds and legal assistance to clear samples, are at a disadvantage unless they seek the services of a professional sample replay company or producer.
Recently, the free culture movement, started mainly by Lawrence Lessig, has prompted many audio works to be licensed under a Creative Commons license that allows for legal sampling of the work provided the resulting work(s) are licensed under the same terms.
Cases.
Most cases of alleged plagiarism are settled out of court. Most artists try and settle for costs that will be less than defending costs. Since the 1850s federal courts have published fewer than 100 opinions dealing with this issue. The Columbia Law School Library's Music Plagiarism Project provides information on many cases over the decades, with a few dating back to the 19th century.
Unsettled, alleged, and forgiven incidents.
The following are accusations of plagiarism appearing in notable media:
The truth is, I seriously doubt that there is any negative intent there. And a lot of rock & roll songs sound alike. Ask Chuck Berry. The Strokes took "American Girl" their song "Last Nite", and I saw an interview with them where they actually admitted it. That made me laugh out loud. I was like, "OK, good for you." It doesn’t bother me.

</doc>
<doc id="20336555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336555" title="Legislative Assembly of Assiniboia">
Legislative Assembly of Assiniboia

The Legislative Assembly of Assiniboia was a short lived legislature set up to pass laws for the North-Western Territory and Rupert's Land under the provisional government led by Louis Riel from 1869 to 1870. The Legislative Assembly was named after the Council of Assiniboia that previously managed the territories before the Hudson's Bay Company sold the land to Canada in 1869.
The guidelines for the creation of the elected assembly had been established during the Convention of Forty in January and February 1870 and elections followed shortly afterwards. The number of representatives of constituencies considered to be English-speaking and those considered to be French-speaking were made equal. The assembly operated from March 9, 1870 to June 24, 1870. Its final act was to accept the agreement negotiated with Canada for the new province of Manitoba to enter Confederation and to ratify the Manitoba Act.

</doc>
<doc id="20336556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336556" title="Daylesford railway station">
Daylesford railway station

Daylesford is a railway station that services the town of Daylesford, Victoria, Australia. Daylesford Station is a substantial brick building used by the Daylesford Spa Country Railway, the station yard consists of a number of tracks which are used to store heritage rollingstock. A goods shed is also located at the station.
Opened on Wednesday, 17 March 1880, it was closed on Monday, 3 July 1978. During the mid to late 1980s the line reopened for tourist services, gangers trolleys conveyed passengers on short trips to the Wombat State Forest about halfway between Daylesford and Musk. On 15 September 1990 railmotor services were restored between Daylesford and Musk for the first time in 13 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20336569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336569" title="Gisbert Kapp">
Gisbert Kapp

Gisbert Johann Eduard Kapp (September 2, 1852, Mauer, Vienna – August 10, 1922, Birmingham) was an Austrian-English electrical engineer.
After finishing his studies in Austria, Kapp moved to England where he was naturalized in 1881. He was awarded a Telford Medal in 1885/6. In 1904 he was offered the position as the first Chair of Electrical Engineering at the University of Birmingham, a post he held until 1919.
Kapp developed the basis for the calculation and construction of alternating current, dynamos and the transformer. The Electronic, Electrical & Computer Engineering Department at the University of Birmingham is situated in a building named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20336573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336573" title="Microlinguistics">
Microlinguistics

Microlinguistics is a branch of linguistics that concerns itself with the study of language systems in the abstract, without regard to the meaning or notional content of linguistic expressions. In micro-linguistics, language is reduced to the abstract mental elements of syntax and phonology. It contrasts with macro-linguistics, which includes meanings, and especially with sociolinguistics, which studies how language and meaning function within human social systems. The term "micro-linguistics" was first used in print by George L. Trager, in an article published in 1949 in "Studies in Linguistics: Occasional Papers".

</doc>
<doc id="20336602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336602" title="Factual return (Guantanamo)">
Factual return (Guantanamo)

Factual returns are documents a government has to file in response to habeas corpus petitions.
Habeas corpus is a legal tool in the English tradition of justice, dating back to the Magna Carta, prohibiting arbitrary arrest and detention. Captives are entitled to file a writ of habeas corpus before a judge, requiring the state to offer a justification for his or her detention.
Guantanamo factual returns.
On 18 November 2008 Gordon R. England, the Deputy Secretary of Defense file an affidavit in which he attempted to explain why the Bush administration was not complying with the Supreme Court's ruling in "Boumediene v. Bush" that Guantanamo captives were entitled to a prompt review of their status.
The factual return is supposed to include the information presented to the captives during their Combatant Status Review Tribunals and their annual Administrative Review Board hearings; the classified information that was presented to the officers who reviewed their status, but with-held from the captives, and the underlying information on which the original allegations were based.
The officers who sat on the CSR Tribunals and annual Review hearings weren't authorized to challenge the credibility of the allegations presented to them. But the Judicial Branch has insisted on viewing the actual evidence on which the allegations were based.
In the fall of 2007 the Department of Justice explained it could not produce the evidence on which the allegations used to justify the captives' detention, because it had not preserved that evidence.
The Executive branch was expected to file fifty factual returns per month, starting in August 2008.
But by March 2009 only 100 had been filed.
The Executive branch was arguing that even the unclassified versions of the returns should be withheld from the public.
On June 1, 2009, Thomas F. Hogan, the Judge coordinating the Guantanamo habeas petitions, ordered that the executive branch had to make the unclassified factual returns public. 
He ruled that permission to withhold this information had only been temporary, to allow the documents to be checked to see if it contained classified information.

</doc>
<doc id="20336603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336603" title="Jenny Queen">
Jenny Queen

Jenny Queen (born March 18, 1979) is a singer-songwriter and author. Both her songs and her literary writing often deal with memory and how people process memory over time. Her musical style encompasses elements from genres of roots, indie folk, neotraditional country, country and pop. Her lyrical content and voice have been described as a "combination of little girl and windswept and bruised woman."
Biography and career.
Queen was born March 18, 1979, in Springfield, Ohio. With family in southern Kentucky, Queen was exposed to bluegrass music pioneer Bill Monroe's music at a young age. With a grandfather who is a Southern Baptist minister, Queen sang in church groups throughout her teens. She attended Ohio State University, earning a B.A., graduating Summa Cum Laude. Queen then went on to earn a Masters in International Relations from University Of Chicago. She is a volunteer for Amnesty International and has been involved with educating refugees.
While living in Sydney, Australia in 2004, her music career started when she met producer, Tony Buchen, of the Sydney outfit the Baggsmen. Buchen produced "Girls Who Cry Need Cake" on Laughing Outlaw Records.
In 2007, Queen started work on her second album, "After The Dance." Recorded in Asbury Park, New Jersey, the album is produced by John Leidersdorf. Musicians on "After The Dance" include Jon Graboff of Ryan Adams and The Cardinals on pedal steel, Eric Silver on mandolin, Marc Swersky on bass, Justin King on electric guitar, Ehren Ebbage on acoustic guitar and Andy Letke of DeSol on rhodes piano and banjo. "After The Dance" was released March 2009 on ABC / Universal Records in Australia and New Zealand and in the rest of the world on Laughing Outlaw Records. "The Australian" describes "After The Dance" as having a melancholy edge, with a delicacy of tone.
In 2013 Jenny Queen began writing and recording on her third album. It is set for release in 2014 under ABC Music Australia.
As a writer, Jenny has penned "Under Arms And Underage" for Refugee Transitions Magazine, a publication operated by STARTTS (Service for Treatment and Rehabilitation Of Torture and Trauma Survivors). She is currently writing a retrospective of the artwork of the Debaser Graphic Arts Studio. Her novel, tentatively titled "Hummingbird Cake", follows twin sisters growing up in rural America and the vast differences between their memories over the same life events. She has not yet begun seeking publication for her novel.

</doc>
<doc id="20336613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336613" title="Francis Fairey">
Francis Fairey

Francis Thrower Fairey (November 11, 1887 - November 4, 1971) was a Canadian politician, who served as a Liberal member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1953 to 1957. He was a teacher by career.
He was first elected at the Victoria riding in the 1953 general election, but was defeated by Albert McPhillips of the Progressive Conservatives in the 1957 election.
Prior to entering politics, he served as a teacher in Vancouver, British Columbia, Deputy Minister of Education, provincial Director of Industrial and Technical Education and also the Regional Director of the Canadian Vocational Training Program. The vocational training facility at Victoria High School, Fairey Technical Unit ("Fairey Tech"), was named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20336619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336619" title="1984 Detroit Lions season">
1984 Detroit Lions season

The 1984 Detroit Lions season was their 55th in the National Football League. The team failed to improve upon their previous season's output of 9–7, winning only four games. The team missed the playoffs for the first time in three seasons. In a Lions season littered with numerous key injuries, the most painful was star running back Billy Sims suffering a career-ending knee injury in a game against the Minnesota Vikings during the season. In just five seasons in the NFL, Sims would set the Lions career rushing mark at 5,106. 

</doc>
<doc id="20336629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336629" title="Wilson Brothers &amp; Company">
Wilson Brothers &amp; Company

Wilson Brothers & Company was a prominent Victorian-era architecture and engineering firm established in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, that was especially noted for its structural expertise. The brothers designed or contributed engineering work to hundreds of bridges, railroad stations and industrial buildings, including the principal buildings at the 1876 Centennial Exposition. They also designed churches, hospitals, schools, hotels and private residences. Among their surviving major works are the Pennsylvania Railroad, Connecting Railway Bridge over the Schuylkill River (1866–67), the main building of Drexel University (1888–91), and the train shed of Reading Terminal (1891–93), all in Philadelphia.
History.
The firm's founders were Joseph Miller Wilson (1838–1902), architect and civil engineer, John Allston Wilson (1837–96), civil engineer, and Frederick Godfrey Thorn (1857–1911), architect and civil engineer. Youngest brother Henry W. Wilson (1844–1910), civil engineer, joined the firm in 1886, and was promoted to partner in 1899. All three Wilson brothers attended Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, NY. Joseph also studied metallurgy at the University of Pennsylvania.
Joseph worked in the construction department of the Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR) from 1860 to 1876, designing bridges and railroad structures, including several commuter stations on the Main Line. For a PRR subsidiary, he designed the Baltimore & Potomac Railroad Passenger Terminal in Washington, DC (1873–77, demolished 1908), the station in which U.S. President James A. Garfield was assassinated in 1881. The National Gallery of Art now occupies its site at 6th Street & Constitution Avenue on the National Mall.
John did engineering work for several railroads, including the PRR and the Reading Railroad. Wilson Brothers & Company was founded on January 1, 1876.
For the 1876 Centennial Exposition, Henry Petit and Joseph M. Wilson co-designed the Main Exhibition Building—the largest building in the world, in length and enclosing 21-1/2 acres. The pair also designed Machinery Hall, and oversaw construction of the other principal buildings. Joseph co-authored a 3-volume history of the Philadelphia World's Fair.
Joseph's commission for Philadelphia's Presbyterian Hospital (1874), may be related to later work on Presbyterian churches, nursing homes and an orphanage. The firm's extensive work for financer Anthony J. Drexel, the city's wealthiest citizen and a Roman Catholic, may have led to subsequent commissions for convents and Catholic hospitals. In Philadelphia, the firm designed the headquarters for the Baldwin Locomotive Works (pre-1885, demolished); and, in Beach Haven, NJ, the Baldwin Hotel (1883, burned 1960), Holy Innocents Episcopal Church (1881–82), and a number of summer homes for company executives.
In 1881, the PRR hired the firm to design its main passenger terminal at Broad & Filbert Streets in Center City Philadelphia, directly west of City Hall. This was one of the first steel-framed buildings in America to use masonry not as structure, but as a curtain wall (as skyscrapers do). The station was widely admired; 15% of the architects in an 1885 poll voted it one of "The Best Ten Buildings in the United States." Eleven years later, the Wilson Brothers' Gothic Revival station was incorporated into Frank Furness's far larger Broad Street Station. The Wilsons designed its new train shed, at the time (1892), the largest single-span train shed in the world.
In 1885, the Wilsons designed a high-ceilinged, 2-story banking house for Drexel & Company, on the southeast corner of 5th & Chestnut Streets in Philadelphia. Four years later, Drexel wished to expand, but Independence National Bank next door refused to sell. In response, Joseph Wilson designed the Drexel Building, a 10-story, H-shaped addition that surrounded Independence National Bank on the east, west and south sides, permanently depriving the neighbor of sunlight. The iron-skeletoned addition was built atop Drexel's banking house, and was one of the first examples of X-bracing. One of the buildings demolished for this was Library Hall, the Library Company of Philadelphia's headquarters, that had been design by William Thornton (1789–91). In an ironic turn of events, the Drexel Building itself was demolished in 1959, and a replica of Library Hall was built on its original site by the American Philosophical Society.
Following the deaths of the two older brothers, the firm continued as Wilson, Harris & Richards.

</doc>
<doc id="20336683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336683" title="Oskar Drobne">
Oskar Drobne

Oskar Drobne (born 6 February 1975 in SFR Yugoslavia) is a former Slovenian football forward and the current assistant coach of Celje in the Slovenian PrvaLiga.
Club career.
Drobne played for Varteks in the Croatian Prva HNL during the 2000–01 and 2001–02 seasons. He had a brief spell with FC St. Pauli in the German 2. Bundesliga during the 1998–99 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20336690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336690" title="Robert Reyes">
Robert Reyes

Robert "Rob" Reyes is a Filipino professional basketball player who plays for the Air21 Express. He spent his college years in the United States at Flagler College. He was drafted fourth overall in the 2008 PBA Draft by the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters.

</doc>
<doc id="20336694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336694" title="Gerard Cott">
Gerard Cott

Gerard Cott (born 30 April 1940) is a former Irish Fine Gael politician and secondary teacher. He was elected to Dáil Éireann for the Cork North–East constituency at the 1969 general election. He did not contest the 1973 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20336704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336704" title="Don Allado">
Don Allado

Don Carlos Allado (born June 10, 1979) is a Filipino professional basketball player for the Meralco Bolts in the Philippine Basketball Association.
He started out his amateur career playing for De La Salle University in 1996 and he played for the Green Archers and is known as "The King Archer." He was the Most Valuable Player in his 3rd year after the elimination rounds in the 1998-1999 season and also the finals Most Valuable Player. He did it again the next season and captured the elimination rounds Most Valuable Player and the finals Most Valuable Player awards for the 1999-2000 season. They were known as the millennium champions. Don has been part of the mythical five teams since his sophomore year until his 4th year. Also he played for all the UAAP All Star teams. De La Salle University has not won the crown in well over 8 years Don was a key player.
He played in the Philippine Basketball League under Wilkins Distilled Water in 1998 for 1 conference until it disbanded. Welcoat Paints immediately picked up the talented power forward and won the first ever championship in franchise history. He was also named season MVP and finals MVP for the 1999-2000 season. He was also named into the mythical team for 2 years in a row.
He was a direct hire in 1999 by the Alaska Aces together with the likes of Asi Taulava and Eric Menk. After playing seven solid years with Alaska, in December 2006, he was shipped to the Talk 'N Text Phone Pals for Willie Miller and John Ferriols. Allado was again traded by the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters for Ranidel de Ocampo to the Air21 Express. He wasn't satisfied with the situation he was in so after one season with Air21, he requested to be sent immediately to the Purefoods Tender Juicy Giants.

</doc>
<doc id="20336713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336713" title="Jay Paul Gumm">
Jay Paul Gumm

Jay Paul Gumm (born November 29, 1963) is an American economic development professional from Bryan County, Oklahoma who served eight years as a member of the Oklahoma State Senate.
Education.
Born in Durant, Oklahoma, Gumm received his bachelors degree from Southeastern Oklahoma State University. He was a realtor and consultant.
Prior to being elected to the Oklahoma Senate, Gumm was executive director of the Durant Area Chamber of Commerce.
Politicial career.
Gumm served as a Democratic member of the Oklahoma Senate representing District 6 (which includes all of Bryan, Johnston and Marshall counties and parts of Atoka and Coal Counties) from 2002 through 2010. In 2010, Gumm was defeated in a re-election bid to Josh Brecheen.
Later career.
Gumm left Oklahoma to work as executive director of the Stone County Economic Development Partnership in Stone County, Mississippi.
On August 16, 2013, Gumm was arrested and charged with embezzling more than $24,000 from the Stone County Economic Partnership. On January 30, 2014, Gumm was indicted on one count of felony embezzlement and served by OSA Special Agents and Stone County Deputies. Officials say the various instances of embezzlement included Gumm depositing $11,750.00 into his personal account; fraudulently withholding a $2,000.00 personal check that was shown as deposited; depositing a $500.00 fraudulent check into his personal account from a Christmas party; and depositing an $8,060.00 amount from six checks with forged signatures.

</doc>
<doc id="20336715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336715" title="1984 Houston Oilers season">
1984 Houston Oilers season

The 1984 Houston Oilers season was the 25th season overall and 15th with the league. The team improved upon their previous season's output of 2–14, winning three games, but failed to qualify for the playoffs for the fourth consecutive season.

</doc>
<doc id="20336717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336717" title="Midnight Youth">
Midnight Youth

Midnight Youth were a New Zealand rock band formed in 2006. Their debut album, "The Brave Don't Run", was released in 2009 in New Zealand and Australia. The band subsequently toured and played festivals across Australasia, the United States and Asia. Their second and last studio album, "World Comes Calling", was released in October 2011.
History.
Early Beginnings.
Midnight Youth came together while at Rangitoto College in Auckland's North Shore with three members of the band playing together in New Zealand's high school Rockquest competition. Jeremy Redmore and Nick Campbell completed the group in mid-2006.
The band released two independent singles, "Supernatural" and "A New Day", in 2007 and played opening slots for Ok Go and Incubus in their Auckland shows. 
In 2008 they self-funded a trip to New York to lodge and record with producer Terence Dover. With Hotbed Studios (vocals and bass) as their quarters and home base, Dover recorded them at studios across New York. Skyline Studios(Drums) in Manhattan, GoodleString (Guitars,Drums,Vocals,Bass)in Brooklyn, The Buddy Project (guitars and vocals) in Queens and (Grand Piano) City College's Sonic Arts Center concert hall were all unique recording environments Dover selected for their debut record "The Brave Don't Run".
Signing & Debut Album.
After recording the album, the band signed with Warner Music NZ in September 2008 and released their third single, "The Letter", to widespread acclaim across New Zealand. The song became the band's first Top 40 hit in New Zealand in January 2009, eventually peaking at #20 on the NZ singles chart.
Their follow-up single, "All On Our Own", debuted at #18 on the New Zealand RIANZ Singles Chart in March, 2009, and peaked at number six, after twelve weeks on the chart. The song went on to spend nine weeks inside the NZ top 40 and beat out international acts to be the most played song on NZ radio for 2009.
The album spawned five singles in New Zealand in total: third single Learning To Fall was released in June 2009, its video filmed in Manhattan, New York, fourth single Cavalry spent seven straight weeks at number one on rock radio in New Zealand while Golden Love gave the band exposure in the United States through a feature on the season finale of One Tree Hill in May 2010.
Midnight Youth's debut album, "The Brave Don't Run", was released in New Zealand on April 27, 2009, and peaked at number two on the New Zealand Album Chart. The album was certified platinum in New Zealand in December 2009.
Midnight Youth were nominated for 8 awards in the 2009 New Zealand Music Awards, including Best Album "The Brave Don't Run", Best Single "All On Our Own" and Best Group. The band won the Best Rock Album award, Best Group award and Best Engineer Andrew Buckton.
The band gained a reputation as a top-performing festival act after playing sets at SXSW, Big Day Out, Musexpo, One Movement, Sounds of Spring and Rhythm and Vines.
On 9 September 2011 they performed as the supporting act to Neil and Tim Finn at the opening of the Rugby World Cup waterfront stadium.
Lineup change.
On 6 September 2012 lead singer Jeremy Redmore announced that he had quit the band to pursue a solo career. The band itself has issued no public statements since Redmore's departure but announced they would be playing their last ever show together in early 2013.
Last Show.
On 1 March 2013 the band announced it would play its last-ever show on March 2nd at Home Grown via its Facebook page.

</doc>
<doc id="20336728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336728" title="Color Press Group">
Color Press Group

The Color Press Group (CPG) (full legal name: "Novinsko izdavačko društvo Color Media International d.o.o.") is a Serbian media company based in Novi Sad that is among the biggest media companies in South-Eastern Europe.
CPG publishes periodical print media such as lifestyle magazines, weekly tabloids, and glossy publications. Its various publications sell over two million copies each month, amounting to an annual revenue stream of over 20 million euros.
CPG is registered as a limited liability company (also known as LLC) and contains assets in Serbia, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Montenegro, and Macedonia.
Currently, the company publishes 84 periodicals, including its centerpiece publications, "Svet" (a weekly tabloid) and "Lepota i zdravlje" (a monthly health/lifestyle magazine). The company is owned by Velibor Đurović (50%) and Robert Čoban (50%).
History.
1992-1995
The company was founded in April 1992 when Robert Čoban and Velibor Đurović began publishing a biweekly student paper called "Index" at the University of Novi Sad.
After many initial hardships of political and financial nature, the paper grew into a biweekly magazine called "Svet" ("The World") focused mainly on politics, war in the region (Bosnia and Croatia) and crime growth in Serbia. The circulation ranged from 3,000 to 10,000 copies and was printed by printing house Forum in Novi Sad. Simultaneously, a company called Svet Press owned by Coban and Djurovic was created to oversee the magazine. 
1996–1999
The magazine changed its format from berliner to tabloid after transferring to the printing house Borba in Belgrade. These changes caused a gradual shift in concept. "Svet" became a magazine focused on entertainment and celebrity lifestyles, and published some of the first paparazzo photographs in the history of Serbian publishing. 
In the following years, as a part of the publishing house Svet Press, the following editions have been started: "Zona" ("The Zone"), "Moja tajna" ("My Secret"), "Moja romansa" ("My Romance"), "Moje srce" ("My Heart") and "Teen Story", the first magazine printed abroad (Revai Nyomda, Budapest) on glossy paper. 
In December 1996, in cooperation with the Open Society Fund, a special edition of "Svet" was published dedicated to the crime growth and the police torture over citizens in Serbia.
At the beginning of the NATO bombing in March 1999, the magazines were not issued for a few days. However, in April the complete production continued with a reduced number of pages and material adapted to the new circumstances. In the months following the NATO bombing, Svet Press published their first two enigmatic magazines, "Skandi svet" and "Sfinga" ("The Sphynx"), and culinary magazines, "Tajne kuhinje" ("Kitchen Secrets") and "Slatke tajne" ("Sweet Secrets"). However, unlike the rest of the magazines listed so far, these magazines are no longer published. 
In August 1999, Svet Press established their first daughter company, Svet print (The World Print), in Banjaluka. Four months later, an additional daughter company, Monte Color, was established in Podgorica.
In 1999 at the Frankfurt book fair, Svet Press concluded its first license contract and started publishing the British children's magazine, "Junior", which is still published today.
2000–2001 
At the beginning of the new millennium, Svet press started several of its own brands including "Lepota i zdravlje" ("Health and Beauty"), "Moja beba" ("My Baby") and a great variety of enigmatic magazines and love stories. The company further expanded into Sarajevo, the capital of Bosnia-Herzegovina. "Svet" magazine, the company’s basic publication, increased the number of colour pages and introduced glossy covers which resulted in an incredible rise in circulation. A New Year's edition from December 2001 published 250,000 copies. By the end of 2001, Svet Press established the company Svet Verlag with headquarters in Hamburg and began a European issue of "Svet".
2002–2003 
In the summer of 2002, negotiations were made with the German company Heinrich Bauer Verlag from Hamburg. This resulted in the publishing of "Bravo", a biweekly magazine for teenagers that has gained the highest circulation in Europe. At the same time, magazines "Joy" and "Lea" were introduced at a party celebrating ten years of CPG held in the Hyatt hotel in Belgrade. "Joy", the first women's monthly licensed magazine in Serbia, was started in cooperation with Swiss company Marquard Media AG and still has the highest circulation in this sector today. Biweekly magazine "Lea" is no longer published. 
In 2003, "CKM", the first licensed male magazine in Serbia, and "Bravo Girl", a monthly magazine for teenage girls, began in cooperation with Marquard Media AG as well. CPG further expanded with companies in Macedonia and Croatia and founded a small printing house called Color Print as part of the Color Press Group. At first, Color Print published only crossword puzzles and love stories but now publishes over 2,000,000 magazine copies from the company’s portfolio.
2004–2006 
In 2004, CPG had a dynamic development, starting several dozens of new domestic and licensed editions in Serbia and the region including: "TV Novele" ("TV Novellas"), "Bravo ScreenFun", "FHM", "Auto Start", "Brava Casa", "Lekovito Bilje" ("Medicinal Plants"), "Astro", "Mobi" and a large number of children's, enigmatic and love magazines. In association with Video Top, a company from Maribor, Color Press Group established JV companies in Slovenia and Croatia, which jointly published "Bravo", "Brava Casa", "FHM", "Lepota i Zdravlje", and numerous love stories and children's publications.
2007–2008 
In January 2007, a party celebrating 15 years of the company (dated from the first issue of Index) and the 500th issue of Svet magazine was held at MB Brewery for 1,200 employees and guests. It was also the occasion for filming a five-minute promo clip about company history and publishing a special edition of "Svet" magazine celebrating the Jubilee.
On July 19, 2007, a launch party at Beli dvor (Serbian royal residence) celebrated the first issue of "Hello!", the most famous and oldest celebrity magazine. Additionally, a variety of magazines were issued in 2007 including a specialized magazine, "Moja kosa" ("My hair"); a monthly health magazine with high circulation "Top zdravlje" ("Top Health"); magazines "Kuhinjica" and "Dobra hrana" (in cooperation with a production company, Skorpion); Bauer's biweekly female magazine, "Tina"; "Burda"; "Moje dete"; and specialized bimonthly magazine, "Beauty Expert".
In 2007, CPG published six out of the 12 magazines with the highest circulation in Serbia with "Svet", their basic publication, at the top.
In June 2008, "Hello!" magazine, a biweekly publication, started to be issued weekly and CPG received a prestigious June Award from the Regional Chamber of Commerce in Novi Sad.
In 2008, CPG had reached a record for circulation in the region after issues of "Lepota i zdravlje" were released for the market of Bosnia-Herzegovina and Slovenia. The Macedonian (May) and Croatian (July) issues were also published. In July, the circulation of "Lepota i zdravlje" in Bosnia-Herzegovina reached more than 31,000 copies, hitting a new record. The project "Lepota i zdravlje" went international at the fair of magazine licenses in Moscow (organized by FIPP) and for the first time, CPG offered one of its licenses at the international market.
In September 2008, company headquarters in Novi Sad were relocated to a new commercial building (owned by CPG) on Temerinska street for the first time in 16 years.
In December, a party celebrating the 600th issue of Svet magazine and the launch of www.svet.rs regional website took place in Rich club in Belgrade. The website www.svet.rs became the most popular showbiz website in the region within a couple of months.
By the end of 2008, CPG had daughter companies from Bosnia-Herzegovina, Montenegro, Slovenia, Croatia and Macedonia as well as correspondence offices in Frankfurt, Wien, Basel, Paris and many other European cities. They company had over 350 permanent employees and approximately 150 part-time associates.
2009 - 2010
In the first quarter of 2009, when economic crisis had already swept through all sections of society including the media industry, CPG was the only publisher among the great publishers in Serbia that recorded a rise in advertising income amounting to 33%. However, the recession forced CPG to close down several magazines, such as "Moje dete" ("My Child"), "Pony", "Lepe princeze" ("Pretty Princesses") and "Junior", and to make "FHM" and "Bravo Girl" trimonthy magazines.
In the first half of 2010, CPG launched the sixth regional issue of their most successful magazine, "Ljepota i zdravlje" ("Beauty and Health"), a Montenegrin issue, and female lifestyle website www.lepotaizdravlje.rs.
By the end of 2010, Italian fashion magazine "Grazia" had taken over in Croatia with the license of publishing house Mondadori. Additionally, the website www.beautyforum.rs was launched and, apart from the Serbian edition, a Croatian edition of The Economist yearbook "The World in 2011" was published including the licensed quarterly magazine "Savršeno venčanje" ("Perfect Wedding").
2011
In the first months of 2011, CPG launched the Bosnian, Croatian and Macedonian edition of magazine "Pošalji recept" ("Send The Recipe"). In Serbia, new interactive magazines "Mamina škola" ("Mother's School") and "Moja priča" ("My Story") were also published.

</doc>
<doc id="20336733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336733" title="Martin Finn">
Martin Finn

Martin Finn (22 August 1917 – 7 March 1988) was an Irish Fine Gael politician, farmer and auctioneer. He was elected to Dáil Éireann for the Mayo East constituency at the 1969 general election and was re-elected at the 1973 general election. He lost his seat at the 1977 general election but was nominated by the Taoiseach Liam Cosgrave to the 13th Seanad.

</doc>
<doc id="20336735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336735" title="Paul Severson">
Paul Severson

Paul Severson (1929 – May 20, 2007), was an American music arranger and composer who wrote some of the most recognizable commercial music of our time. He is best known for the Doublemint gum jingle, "Double your pleasure, double your fun with Doublemint gum" a commercial he wrote for radio in the 1950s, that later ran on television. During his long career he received 15 Clio Awards. Severson has been called "one of the most famous arrangers/composers you've never heard of".
Early life and career.
Severson, a 1946 graduate of Fargo Central High School, settled in Chicago after obtaining a Master's degree in music from Northwestern University. He performed with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra and composed for a number of top advertising agencies.
Wherever he went Severson was involved in writing music. As a performer, he played trumpet or keyboards with various bands and orchestras in the 1950s and 1960s, including the CBS Chicago Staff Orchestra, the Stan Kenton Orchestra and the Chicago Civic Symphony. Severson also performed with jazz musicians such as Dizzy Gillespie, Louis Armstrong, Ella Fitzgerald and Stan Getz.
Through the 1980s and 1990s Paul Severson was head of the Minnesota State University of Moorhead's music industry program.
Later career.
Back in Fargo in later years Paul Severson helped found several local jazz groups, arranged compositions for the Red River Dance and Performing Co. and served as music director for Trollwood Performing Arts School. All along, he mentored, encouraged and enlightened.
Severson composed music for a number of national commercials in the early 1990s.
Bill Robinson, who headed the Mesa State Theater department from 1960 to 1988, also had an opportunity to work with Severson. Severson composed the music for the musical "Princess", which Robinson produced. "He was quite a jazz man," Robinson said. "He was a very sweet man, truly a gentleman."
Severson was a moderator and lay minister of two Unitarian Universalist fellowships in Grand Junction and in Fargo, North Dakota. His spiritual search led him to study eastern religions, native American spirituality, science, philosophy and mysticism. After four years of study, he became a Church of Religious Science practitioner.
Death.
Paul Severson died on May 20, 2007, after a long struggle with prostate cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="20336744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336744" title="Yancy de Ocampo">
Yancy de Ocampo

Yancy Rozal de Ocampo (born March 11, 1980) known from his monicker , The Postman is a Filipino professional basketball player who plays for the San Mig Coffee Mixers in the Philippine Basketball Association. At 6'9", he is a good outside shooter and a low post threat. He is also among the PBL's Top 20 Players of All-time. de Ocampo was the first overall pick during the 2002 PBA Draft and was the first-ever draft pick of FedEx as a PBA team. He is the older brother of Ranidel de Ocampo. Both played together with FedEx and Talk 'N Text. In March 2010 he was traded to the Barangay Ginebra Kings but was trade immediately to B-Meg Llamados, he is the older brother of Ranidel de Ocampo

</doc>
<doc id="20336759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336759" title="The Last Holiday Concert">
The Last Holiday Concert

The Last Holiday Concert is a 2004 children's novel written by Andrew Clements and illustrated by Brian Selznick. The books concerns a boy who is in charge of the middle-school chorus. Based on a 2007 online poll, the National Education Association named the book one of its "Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children."
Plot summary.
Hart Evans was the most popular kid at Collins Elementary School and is on his way to owning that title again at Palmer Intermediate. So when he unintentionally shoots a rubber band at his chorus teacher one afternoon, he expects it to be laughed off. After all, it was an accident.
Mr. Meinert, the chorus teacher, is wound so tight that he blows up at Hart and the entire class. In a huff, he announces that he is stepping down, and they are now responsible for planning their entire holiday concert themselves.
The whole class is surprised, and elects Hart as the new Chorus director. He declares Music Class as a free period, until Mr. Meinert tells him that they've got a full 30 minutes for their show. Hart then, realizes they need to get down to work.
After assembling committees and coming up with lists of songs, Hart finally thinks he has everything running on track. But then his classmates get mad. Why is Hart, their friend, acting like a teacher? It takes a heart-to-heart with Mr. Meinert to learn what it takes to be a friendly and fair, yet strict, chorus director.
Reception.
Reviews of the book were mixed. One reviewer described it as a "belabored tale." A second reviewer felt that the book left the reader "with both good feelings and the idea that both young people and adults are sometimes guilty of underestimating each other." A third reviewer praised the book's "engaging characters."

</doc>
<doc id="20336760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336760" title="Griselda (Giovanni Bononcini)">
Griselda (Giovanni Bononcini)

Griselda is a dramma per musica in three acts that was composed by Giovanni Bononcini. The opera uses a revised version of the 1701 Italian libretto by Apostolo Zeno that was based on Giovanni Boccaccio's "The Decameron" (X, 10, "The Patient Griselda"). The Italian poet Paolo Antonio Rolli was hired to revise the text. Bononcini's opera premiered in London at the King’s Theatre on 22 February 1722. 
Bononcini's brother, Antonio Maria Bononcini, also composed his own opera to Zeno's libretto four years earlier.
History.
The plot of Zeno’s libretto was for the most part retained in Bononcini's opera but the text was almost entirely rewritten by Paolo Antonio Rolli. The character Corrado was eliminated entirely and three of the main characters were renamed: Ottone became Rambaldo, Costanza became Almirena, and Roberto became Ernesto. The work was received well at its premiere and was successively performed numerous times over the next four months. One of the major reasons for this success was the prodigous acting and singing talent of Anastasia Robinson, who portrayed the title role. The opera was later revived by Handel and Heidegger’s company on 22 May 1733 under the urging of Francesco Bernardi, called Senesino, who portrayed Gualtiero in the original production. 
Griselda is one of only two London operas for which Bononcini published the overture and all the arias. Charles Burney owned a score of "Griselda", but neither it nor any other score including recitatives is extant.
Music.
Bononcini's music, although well crafted, is at times strangely juxtaposed to the opera's plot and text. The opera is filled with dulcet arias which are reminiscent of a pastoral opera rather than a story about a vindictive tyrant. Regardless, the music is enchanting and is largely responsible for the success of the work. Richard Steele wrote in "The Conscious Lovers" (1722), this about the opera's music, "something in that Rural Cottage of Griselda, her forlorn Condition, her Poverty, her Solitude, her Resignation, her Innocent Slumbers, and that lulling Dolce Sogno that’s sung over her; it had an Effect upon me, that – in short I never was so well deceiv’d at any Opera." Probably the most famous song from the opera is Ernesto's aria, "Per la gloria d’adorarvi", which remains to this day a popular selection for concert and recital performance. Other notable pieces include "Dolce sogno, deh le porta" and "Volgendo, a me lo sguardo" for Gualtiero. These three arias were very popular and were reprinted, for example in Richard Neale’s "A Pocket Companion for Gentlemen and Ladies" (London, 1724) and in "The British Musical Miscellany" (London, 1735).
Synopsis.
Place: Near Palermo in Sicily.
King Gualtiero has married Griselda, a peasant woman and his longtime mistress, and fears that she will not be accepted among the nobility. Concerned that a rebellion might arise, the king decides he must prove that Griselda is worthy to be their queen and the mother of their future king. He tests her virtue and steadfastness with a series of cruel ordeals, including telling her a lie that their long-lost daughter was killed on his orders. Gualtiero banishes Griselda from the court and announces that he intends to take another wife, the young woman Almirena, who is, unknown to all, their missing daughter. Almirena is highly upset over the king's proposal as she is in love with Ernesto.
Meanwhile, Griselda has returned to the humble cottage where she once lived. A beautiful woman, she has caught the attention of Rambaldo, a Sicilian nobleman, who attempts to woo her. After refusing him, Rambaldo threatens to kill her infant son, Everardo, unless she agrees to marry him. Griselda refuses and flees to the palcace where she is permitted to stay as a servant to Almirena. Gualtiero, as a final test, orders Griselda to marry Rambaldo, which she refuses to his satisfaction. The king reveals his true motive for tormenting her and accepts her again as his queen to the satisfaction of Almirena and Ernesto who can now be reunited. Rambaldo, who confesses to have stirred up the nobles in the hope of winning Griselda, is forgiven.

</doc>
<doc id="20336761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336761" title="Harvey Carey">
Harvey Carey

Harvey Carey (born March 18, 1979) is a Filipino-American professional basketball player born in San Francisco, California and currently playing for the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters in the Philippine Basketball Association. He is known for his defense and tenacious rebounding skills. Even though undersized at his position, he still manages to be effective inside the paint. He has also developed a steady mid-range jumpshot from the corner. Harvey Carey is one of the most athletic PBA players now in the league. He might be very undersized in the power forward position but his high jumping makes up for it. He's known to be a very emotional player, screaming through put back dunks, tip in's and banging bodies in the shaded area. He led the league in total rebounds, offensive, defensive and overall total in 2008-09.

</doc>
<doc id="20336770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336770" title="Carmelite Priory, Copenhagen">
Carmelite Priory, Copenhagen

The Carmelite Priory, Copenhagen, was a small Carmelite college in Copenhagen, Denmark, in existence between 1497 and 1529, with connections to the University of Copenhagen.
History.
In 1497 the Carmelite priory in Helsingør purchased a property near the University of Copenhagen as a "college" where the brothers could live and lecture. Nothing more is mentioned about it until 1517 when Christian II gave the income of St. George's Leper Hospital to the Carmelites for the maintenance of a doctor or bachelor of theology to teach at the university. The next year the property was converted to a residence and lecture hall for the priests and brethren. In 1519 the Carmelites received an income property next to St. Peder's Church. Dr. Christiern Andersen, who was the prior provincial, became the professor of theology at the University of Copenhagen. The Carmelite foundation is referred to as a "monastery college" in 1519. The Carmelites invited Cistercians into the college to lecture from time to time.
A superintendent, Poul Helgesen, was appointed to oversee the priory, an appointment that was to have profound consequences. Though not himself a Lutheran, Helgesen was keenly observant of the effects Lutheran teaching had on ordinary Danes. In 1522 he preached at Copenhagen Castle chapel in the presence of Christian II. He took as his text the beheading of John the Baptist and took the occasion to warn the king of the similarities between his conduct and Herod's. Just 8 days later the income from St. George's Hospital was revoked by the king, and Helgesen fled for his life. Without the income, the Carmelites were obliged to give up the college functions and became a small and very poor priory.
In 1529 Frederick I abolished the priory entirely by giving its income to Knud Gyldenstierne. In 1530 Frederick made over the former Carmelite priory property to the same Gyldenstierne because the friars had abandoned it and withdrawn to their house at Helsingør.
No trace of the priory building remains.

</doc>
<doc id="20336783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336783" title="Smiling Kelly">
Smiling Kelly

Smiling Kelly is the third album released by Singaporean singer Kelly Poon. 
It was released on October 22, 2008 in Taiwan and November 7, 2008 in Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="20336788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336788" title="10G-EPON">
10G-EPON

The 10 Gbit/s Ethernet Passive Optical Network standard, better known as 10G-EPON allows computer network connections over telecommunication provider infrastructure. The standard supports two configurations: "symmetric", operating at 10 Gbit/s data rate in both directions, and "asymmetric", operating at 10 Gbit/s in the downstream (provider to customer) direction and 1 Gbit/s in the upstream direction. It was ratified as IEEE 802.3av standard in 2009.
Standardization.
The Ethernet in the first mile task force of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) 802.3 standards committeee published standards that included a passive optical network (PON) variant in 2004.
In March 2006, the IEEE 802.3 held a call for interest for a 10 Gbit/s Ethernet PON study group. According to the CFI materials, representatives from the following companies supported the formation of the study group:
Advance/Newhouse Communications, Aeluros, Agilent, Allied Telesyn, Alloptic, Ample Communications, Astar-ODSM, Broadcom, Centillium Communications, China Netcom, China Telecom, Chunghwa Telecom, Cisco Systems, ClariPhy Communications, Conexant Systems, Corecess, Corning, Delta Electronics, ETRI, Fiberxon, FOTEK Optoelectronics, ImmenStar, Infinera, ITRI, KDDI R&D Labs., K-Opticom, Korea Telecom, NEC, OpNext, Picolight, Quake Technologies, Salira Systems, Samsung Electronics, Softbank BB, Teknovus, Teranetics, Texas Instruments, Telecom Malaysia, TranSwitch, UNH IOL, UTStarcom, Vitesse.
By September 2006, IEEE 802.3 formed the 802.3av "10G-EPON" Task Force to produce a draft standard. In September 2009, the IEEE 802 Plenary ratified an amendment to 802.3 to publish 802.3av amendment as the standard IEEE Std 802.3av-2009.
Major milestones:
The work on the 10G-EPON was continued by the IEEE P802.3bk "Extended EPON" Task Force, formed in March 2012. The major goals for this Task Force included adding support for PX30, PX40, PRX40, and PR40 power budget classes to both 1G-EPON and 10G-EPON. The 802.3bk amendment was approved by the IEEE-SA SB in August 2013 and published soon thereafter as the standard IEEE Std 802.3bk-2013.
Architecture.
Symmetric (10/10G-EPON).
Symmetric-rate 10/10G-EPON supports transmit and receive data paths operating at 10 Gbit/s. The main driver for 10/10G-EPON was to provide adequate downstream and upstream bandwidth to support multi-family residential building (known in the standard as Multi Dwelling Unit or MDU) customers. When deployed in the MDU configuration, one EPON ONU may be connected to up to a thousand subscribers.
The 10/10G-EPON employs a number of functions that are common to other point-to-point Ethernet standards. For example, such functions as 64B/66B line coding, self-synchronizing scrambler, or gearbox are also used in optical fiber types of 10 Gigabit Ethernet links.
Asymmetric (10/1G-EPON).
The asymmetric 10/1G-EPON appear less challenging than the symmetric option, as this specification relies on fairly mature technologies. The upstream transmission is identical to that of the 1G-EPON (as specified in IEEE standard 802.3ah), using deployed burst-mode optical transceivers. The downstream transmission, which uses continuous-mode optics, will rely on the maturity of 10 Gbit/s point-to-point Ethernet devices.
Power budgets.
The 802.3av defines several power budgets, denoted either PR or PRX. PRX power budget describes asymmetric–rate PHY for PON operating at 10 Gbit/s downstream and 1 Gbit/s upstream. PR power budget describes symmetric–rate PHY for PON operating at 10 Gbit/s downstream and 10 Gbit/s upstream. Each power budget is further identified with a numeric representation of its class, where value of 10 represents low power budget, value of 20 represents medium power budget, and value of 30 represents high power budget. The 802.3av draft standard defines the following power budgets:
The 802.3bk added support for a new 10/10G-EPON and 10/1G-EPON power class for PR or PRX PMDs, respectively, as shown below:
Forward error correction.
The 10G-EPON employs a "stream-based" forward error correction (FEC) mechanism based on Reed-Solomon(255, 223). The FEC is mandatory for all channels operating at 10 Gbit/s rate, i.e., both downstream and upstream channels in symmetric 10 Gbit/s EPON and the downstream channel in the 10/1 Gbit/s asymmetric EPON. Upstream channel in the asymmetric EPON is the same as in 1 Gbit/s EPON, an optional frame-based FEC using Reed-Solomon(255, 239).
Backward compatibility.
The 10G-EPON standard defines a new physical layer, keeping the MAC, MAC Control and all the layers above unchanged to the greatest extent possible. This means that users of 10G-EPON can expect backward compatibility of network management system (NMS), PON-layer operations, administrations, and maintenance (OAM) system, DBA and scheduling, and so on.
Coexistence with 1G-EPON.
The 802.3av standard places significant emphasis on enabling simultaneous operation of 1 Gbit/s and 10 Gbit/s EPON systems on the same outside plant. In the downstream direction, the 1 Gbit/s and 10 Gbit/s channels are separated in the wavelength domain, with 1 Gbit/s transmission limited to 1480-1500 nm band and 10 Gbit/s transmission using 1575-1580 nm band.
In the upstream direction, the 1 Gbit/s and 10 Gbit/s bands overlap. 1 Gbit/s band spreads from 1260 to 1360 nm; 10 Gbit/s band uses 1260 to 1280 nm band. This allows both upstream channels to share spectrum region characterized by low chromatic disperson, but requires the 1 Gbit/s and 10 Gbit/s channels to be separated in time domain. Since burst transmissions from different ONUs now may have different line rates, this method is termed "dual-rate TDMA".
Various OLT implementations may support 1 Gbit/s and 10 Gbit/s transmissions only downstream direction, only upstream direction, or in both downstream and upstream directions. The following table illustrates which ONU types are simultaneously supported by various OLT implementations:

</doc>
<doc id="20336790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336790" title="Tarsistes philippii">
Tarsistes philippii

Tarsistes philippii is a taxonomically dubious species of guitarfish, family Rhinobatidae. It is known only from a dried head from the Juan Fernández Islands off Chile. The head had a long, thin, flat snout, rounded at the tip like that of the goblin shark, and the underside covered with small stellate prickles except for the base. The head was covered with larger spinules, with six still larger ones forming a curve around the eye.
The original specimen was assigned to the genus "Rhynchobatis" without a species name by Philippi in 1858; David Starr Jordan considered that genus name preoccupied (by "Rhynchobatus") and coined the new scientific name "Tarsistes philippii" for it in 1919. However, the holotype has never been studied or described since, and so the status of this species is uncertain.

</doc>
<doc id="20336801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336801" title="Susan Paddack">
Susan Paddack

Susan Paddack is a Democratic politician and former educator in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. She currently serves in the Oklahoma State Senate representing District 13, which includes Pontotoc and Hughes counties and parts of Garvin and Coal counties, since 2004. As of 2013, she serves as Minority Whip and Vice Chair of the Judiciary Committee.
Paddack was a candidate for the role of Oklahoma Superintendent of Public Instruction, but ultimately failed to win the election against her Republican opponent, Janet Barresi.
Prior to her political career, Paddack was a science teacher and adjunct professor.
Early life.
Susan Paddack was born in Baytown, Texas. She earned a bachelor's degree in Education from the University of Colorado and a master's of education degree from East Central University. Paddack and her husband moved to Ada, Oklahoma in the early 1980s.
Paddack was Director of Local Education Foundation Outreach for the Oklahoma Foundation for Excellence for over nine years. She was also a science teacher in secondary schools as well as adjunct faculty member in the Education Department at East Central University.
Political career.
In 2004 Paddack was elected to the Oklahoma State Senate where she currently serves. Paddack was named "50 Women Making a Difference" in Oklahoma by the Journal Record in 2004 and 2008.
Paddack ran for Oklahoma Superintendent of Public Instruction in the 2010 election, but was defeated by Republican Janet Barresi.

</doc>
<doc id="20336812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336812" title="Mirror Mirror (M2M song)">
Mirror Mirror (M2M song)

"Mirror Mirror" is a song recorded by pop band M2M. It was covered by American pop singer Taylor Horn in 2006 for her album "Changes".
Music video.
The video showed Marion Raven in a scene with a young anonymous man in a grassy place, where Marion and the man have romantic scenes, especially when Marion hugs the man barechested while both are rain-drenched. It was directed by Matthew Rolston.

</doc>
<doc id="20336815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336815" title="Ali Peek">
Ali Peek

Albert Henry "Ali" Peek (born February 13, 1975) is a Filipino-American retired professional basketball player born in Hawaii who plays for the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters in the Philippine Basketball Association. He plays mostly at the Center position, although he is also used as a Power Forward occasionally. He entered the PBA in 1998 after being drafted third overall by the now-defunct Pop Cola Panthers. Because of his height, standing only at 6 ft 4, despite his perceived presence in the low post as a top player in the PBA and judging by his stats, he remains not to be selected by the Philippine national team.
On November 7, 2011, Peek was shot in the neck by an unidentified gunman at the parking lot of the RFM Sports Center in Pioneer in Mandaluyong City. He was rushed to the hospital and was out of danger. He has since returned to active play from the incident.
On February 26, 2014, Ali Peek announces his retirement from the PBA over his Twitter account. Peek played for about 16 years in the PBA.

</doc>
<doc id="20336851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336851" title="Pong Escobal">
Pong Escobal

John Paul P. Escobal also known as Pong Escobal (born July 7, 1985 in Davao) is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the Air21 Express in the Philippine Basketball Association, having played for Meralco Bolts. He played in San Beda's back-to-back-to-back titles in the NCAA. He was the eleventh draft pick of Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters in the 2008 PBA Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20336873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336873" title="Gec Chia">
Gec Chia

George Christian T. Chia (born August 19, 1979), better known as Gec Chia, is a Filipino professional basketball player who last played for the Barako Bull Energy Boosters in the Philippine Basketball Association. Chia is primarily known for his walk-off buzzer beater in the 2002 UAAP semifinals as a varsity for the Ateneo Blue Eagles in the University Athletic Association of the Philippines.
Amateur career.
Gec initially wanted to play tennis, but due to the growing popularity of basketball in Zamboanga, he started to play for St. Joseph High School. He went on to represent Zamboanga in the Palarong Pambansa. Despite being a high-school standout, he was not recruited by any Metro Manila programs.
Chia went on to major in computer science in Ateneo de Manila University, where he was an intramurals legend for the CERSA team in the intramurals. He was noticed by then-coach Joe Lipa and was added to the Blue Eagles roster in the 2001 season. He rode the bench, substituting for players such as L.A. Tenorio and Wesley Gonzales. He played three games and scored a grand total of 10 points throughout the 2001 season. With Ateneo failing to win the Finals, Ateneo fired Lipa and hired former Mapúa Cardinals coach Joel Banal.
The Blue Eagles advanced to the playoffs in 2002 as the third seed after beating rival the De La Salle Green Archers in the end of the elimination round denying them of a 14–0 sweep. As the third seed, Ateneo had to beat #2 seed UE Red Warriors twice in the semifinals in order to advance to the Finals. L.A. Tenorio, who had just returned from an injury, led the Eagles to a Game 1 triumph to set a winner-take-all game to face La Salle who had just eliminated the UST Growling Tigers.
With 7.8 seconds left in Game 2, and the score tied at 70–all, UE player Paul Artadi turned over the ball. Tenorio raced towards the other end of the court but was well covered by the bigger James Yap. Tenorio passed the ball to Chia, who shook off Ronald Tubid, and made the shot over the outstretched hands of Olan Omiping. The shot brought Banal to his knees and he later described the shot as "a miracle."
In the Finals, Chia scored 5 points in a Game 1 win, fouled out with 4 points in a Game 2 loss, and 11 points in Ateneo's title-clinching Game 3 win.
Professional career.
Chia was selected twenty-eighth overall in the 2003 PBA Draft by the Coca-Cola Tigers. He was later signed by the Barangay Ginebra Kings, and was part of the 2008-09 PBA Philippine Cup Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters champion team. He then became a free agent, eventually being signed by the Barako Bull Energy Boosters early in the 2009-10 KFC-PBA Philippine Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20336875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336875" title="1975 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1975 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1975 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1975-1976. The Buckeyes compiled a 11–1 record, including the 1976 Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California, where they lost 23–10 to the UCLA Bruins.
In 1975, Archie Griffin would become college football's only two-time Heisman trophy winner. Griffin won four Big Ten Conference titles with the Ohio State Buckeyes and became the only player ever to start in four Rose Bowls. 
Game notes.
Purdue.
Archie Griffin broke Cornell's Ed Marinaro NCAA career rushing record with a 23-yard run up the middle in the fourth quarter.

</doc>
<doc id="20336902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336902" title="Gilbert Lao">
Gilbert Lao

Gilbert Lao (born September 13, 1978 in Manila, Philippines) is a Filipino professional basketball player currently playing for the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters in the Philippine Basketball Association.
Draft.
Lao was drafted by Coca-Cola Tigers in 2002, 11th overall.

</doc>
<doc id="20336922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336922" title="Catherine M. Russell">
Catherine M. Russell

Catherine M. Russell is the United States Ambassador-at-Large for Global Women's Issues, appointed on May 8, 2013.
Career.
Russell began her career on Capitol Hill, as Counsel and then Senior Counsel to the Senate Judiciary Committee’s Technology Subcommittee, chaired by Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.). She then served as Staff Director to the Senate Judiciary Committee under Chairman Joseph Biden (D-De).
Russell served as Associate Deputy Attorney General to Janet Reno. She worked as senior adviser to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, where she specialized in international women’s issues.
Russell is a longtime adviser to Vice President Joe Biden’s wife, Jill Biden. During the 2008 presidential campaign, Russell was tapped to serve as chief of staff to then-second lady-elect Jill Biden. She then served as Chief of Staff to the spouse of Vice President of the United States from January 2009. 
Personal life.
Russell is married to Tom Donilon, who is the former National Security Advisor to President Barack Obama. Her brother-in-law is Mike Donilon, a lawyer and political consultant who serves as Counselor to Vice President Joe Biden.
Education.
Russell graduated from Boston College and received her J.D. from The George Washington University.

</doc>
<doc id="20336936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336936" title="Sadhu Babar Lathi">
Sadhu Babar Lathi

Sadhu Babar Lathi ( "") is a Bengali Drama Movie based on Sirshendu Mukherjee novel was released in 2008,directed by Sanghita Banerjee, the movie featured Ramaprasad Banik.
Plot.
Nabin Saha gets a speak of a dead Sadhu Baba (Saint) from his uncle. He takes the stick with him for a journey. On the way a local crook Nemai Roy makes friend with Nabin. When he learns that Nabin would cross the haunted “Ghurbuner Math” alone with Rs. 30,000/- he plans to rob Nabin. He ties up with the dacoits. Sota Gunda and slowly misleads the simple Nabin toward his den. Meanwhile Nabin’s friend Jagai and Madai advance towards at the same “Ghurbuner Math” in search of a hidden treasure but sense something wrong. They cross the field to reach Harirpurer Kella (fort) to discover Nabin fighting the dacoits alone with Sadhu Baba’s Stick. The three musketeers win the battle. But the dacoits send Nemai once again to steal the stick after knowing its supernatural prowess. When Nemai comes back to Nabin’s village Haripur he reveals that the stick already become famous. Two other villainous people Hiru (a dacoit) and Panu (the local hoodlum) approach Nemai and threaten him to get the stick. Though after a lot of fuss Nemai manages to steal the stick from Nabin’s courtyard, he can do nothing with it. In fact no one can bear fruits from it as all the three gangs clash with each other only to bash up themselves. Nabin, Jagai and Madai get back the stick and install it upon the grave of Sadhu Baba.

</doc>
<doc id="20336948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336948" title="Television in Austria">
Television in Austria

Television in Austria was introduced in 1956. The country uses the PAL Color System for Analog television, and DVB-T for Digital Terrestrial Television. In Austria, Broadcasting of Analog Television was completely shut down on June 7, 2011.
Austrian television was monopolized by government-owned television stations until 1996. The first private television station in Austria is ATV.
List of channels.
Public
Commercial
Non-Commercial
Affiliates of German TV Channels
Local
Pay TV
Most-viewed channels.
Source: Arbeitsgemeinschaft TELETEST (July 2013) 

</doc>
<doc id="20336984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20336984" title="Perfecto V. Fernandez">
Perfecto V. Fernandez

Perfecto V. Fernandez, popularly known as Pecto, or Atty. Fernandez is a Filipino lawyer, professor and writer. 
Perfecto V. Fernandez was born on May 31, 1931 in San Fabian, Pangasinan and obtained his law degree in 1957. Thereafter he took the bar, and was the 10th placer in the 1958 bar exams. He was married to the former Albina Peczon in 1959. 
He was a law professor, a writer of law books, bar reviewer and lecturer and political commentator in the Philippines. Fernandez was an authority on constitutional law and labor law, being part of the Philippine jurisprudence project (UP Law Center) and wrote a number of papers on labor law, constitutional law and libel Law. He was the former chief legal counsel of the University of the Philippines, a bar reviewer in UST, UE, FEU and UM.
Media.
He appeared in the defunct television series "Velez This Week" with the late Jose Mari Velez and "Debate" with Oscar Orbos and Solita Monsod as well as a show emceed by Professor Randy David.
He wrote for the Collegian when he was still studying in UP and contributed to a number of publications such as the Graphic, Panorama and some dailies.
Legacy.
Fernandez died in 2000. He is survived by his wife, Albina Peczon Fernandez, and his children, three of whom are lawyers. His children are Jose (UP LLB, 1985), † Cristobal (UP LLB, 1987), Claro (UP BA Comm, 1985), † Samuel (UPIS 1980) and Gabriela (UP LLB, 1998)
Dean Pacifico Agabin said of him "Prof. Fernandez is not only a deep thinker but he was also a great teacher and a true scholar. And when the history of the College of Law is written a hundred years from now, his will be an august and imperial name in legal history. His studies on custom law, his essays in jurisprudence, and his lectures in constitutional law will be taken as benchmarks in our legal literature" ("Law Monitor": July 2000). Said one of his colleagues: "It was Pepe Fernandez who designed the financial facility that has sustained the UP Law Center throughout its existence. He embodied this in a legislative proposal that was to become the Charter of the UP Law Center."
Books and awards.
Fernandez received many awards as UP Law Alumni with professorial chair on jurisprudence, he is listed as a United Nation's expert and is known as author of law books. 

</doc>
<doc id="20337050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337050" title="Michael &quot;Trigger Mike&quot; Coppola">
Michael &quot;Trigger Mike&quot; Coppola

Michael "Trigger Mike" Coppola (1904 in New York – October 1, 1966) was a New York City mobster who became a caporegime of the 116th Street Crew, with the Genovese crime family. Coppola headed many Genovese family criminal operations from the late 1930s until the early 1960s. He should not be confused with the Michael "Mikey Cigars" Coppola, a current mobster of the Genovese crime family.
Michael was born to Giuseppe and Angelina. He was the brother of Ralph, John, Vincent, Louis, Helen, Amelia, Josephine and Mary. He stood at 5'5 and weighed 155 pounds. He was first arrested in 1941 for burglary, then later assault, murder and drug dealing. Coppola entered the ranks of the New York mafiosi with a reputation as a sadistic and violent gunman during Prohibition. Following the end of the Castellammarese War gang war in New York, Coppola became a high-ranking member of Charles "Lucky" Luciano's family. In 1936, following the conviction of Luciano on prostitution charges and later Underboss Vito Genovese's fleeing the country on a murder charge, Coppola was left in charge of the Luciano crime family criminal operations including a monopoly on New York's artichoke supply and Harlem's numbers racket, worth over $1,000,000 a year. He controlled Mason Tenders Locals 47 and 13 of the Laborers Union. Local 13 secretary-treasurer George Cervone was murdered in 1961 during a bitter struggle for control of the local. Shortly thereafter, his brother, Basil Cervone, assumed control, and eventually Basil's sons, Joseph and Basil, Jr. 
Despite the former Luciano gunman's rise to power, Coppola's trouble in his personal life would be a source of ongoing problems throughout his life. After his marriage to his first wife Doris Lehman in 1943, according to Coppola's second wife Ann Coppola, her death was claimed to have been the result of overhearing Coppola's plans to assassinate New York Republican Party political activist Joseph Scottoriggio in response to his opposition to Marcantonio. Reportedly murdered by her husband a day after giving birth to prevent her from testifying against him (her scheduled testimony was postponed due to her pregnancy); Scottoriggio would later be murdered in 1946. 
In 1960, Coppola was one of eleven men officially listed in the Black Book by Nevada state officials, barring his entry into Nevada casinos. That same year, Ann Coppola filed for divorce, supposedly due to Coppola supplying drugs to her daughter, and later agreed to testify against Coppola in an income tax investigation. As a result Coppola ordered several gunmen to kidnap and assault her. Found severely beaten on an isolated beach, Ann Coppola continued with the investigation. In April 1961, Coppola was indicted on four counts of income tax evasion. Following a mistrial, Coppola pled guilty and was fined $40,000 and sentenced to four years in prison. 
Ann Coppola herself, who claimed she also suffered mental and physical abuse from Coppola, fled to Europe with $250,000 of the crime families’ money following Coppola's imprisonment for tax evasion in 1962. While staying in Rome, Italy, she sent a letter to the Internal Revenue Service (with certain portions addressed to then-U.S. Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy) detailing the criminal activities of the Luciano crime family as well as a letter to the incarcerated Coppola before committing suicide by taking an overdose of sleeping pills. Following his release from Atlanta Federal Prison in 1963, Coppola was unable to regain his previous power and lived in obscurity until his death at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston, Massachusetts three years later.

</doc>
<doc id="20337082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337082" title="Vito D'Ancona">
Vito D'Ancona

Vito D'Ancona (August 12, 1825January 9, 1884) was an Italian artist of the Macchiaioli group.
He was born in Pesaro to a wealthy Jewish family. He began his artistic training in Florence, and in 1844 was admitted to the Accademia di Belle Arti, where he studied under Giuseppe Bezzuoli. He became friends with Serafino De Tivoli, and joined him in painting landscapes "en plein air". In 1848 he fought as a Tuscan volunteer for Garibaldi in the Risorgimento. During the 1850s he became acquainted with the artists who frequented the Caffè Michelangiolo in Florence, who would soon be known as the Macchiaioli. 
D'Ancona achieved success as a portrait painter, and few of his landscape paintings can be traced today. His "Woman at the Races" (ca. 1873) reveals the influence of Japonisme he had absorbed while living in Paris between 1867 and 1874. His health disintegrated in the mid-1870s, and he ceased painting in 1878. He died in Florence on January 9, 1884.
Collections holding works by Vito D'Ancona include the Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Moderna, Rome, and the Israel Museum, Jerusalem.

</doc>
<doc id="20337088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337088" title="Freedom to Create Prize">
Freedom to Create Prize

Freedom to Create was established by businessman Richard F. Chandler in 2006 to foster prosperity in the developing world by investing in the creative foundations of society. The Freedom to Create Prize was introduced in 2008 to support and recognise artists who strive for social change in places where there is no Freedom to Create. The Freedom to Create Forum was introduced in 2010 as a platform for women across the globe to identify initiatives that can unleash the untapped creative potential of millions of women who have been denied an opportunity to participate and contribute towards their own prosperity.
Freedom to Create abides by the philosophy that the arts have an innovative and unique ability to improve lives and transform communities. According to their website, they have made over 240 grants in over 80 countries, touching over 12 million lives.
Founder.
Richard F. Chandler is a New Zealand-born businessman worth $3.1 billion in March 2010, according to Forbes. He was formerly CEO of the Sovereign group of companies, in partnership with his brother, Christopher Chandler. From 1986 to 2006, Sovereign invested in companies and governments in Asia, Africa, Latin America and Eastern Europe, and in industries including telecommunications, electric utilities, steel, oil and gas, banking and oil refining.
The brothers split their assets in 2007 with Rchard F. Chandler creating Orient Global and Christopher Chandler starting Legatum Capital. Richard Chandler Corporation became the new name of Orient Global in April 2010. The website says its mission is “To Build Prosperity for Tomorrow's World” through its two divisions: Capital and Creative World.
The website further states: "Capital, our financial investment group, is a value-oriented investor focused on emerging markets and economies in transition. Creative World, our social investment group, focuses on liberating and empowering human capital and creativity, especially in developing countries. We build education systems, deliver affordable healthcare and promote women’s empowerment and creative expression."
In launching the Freedom to Create Prize, Richard Chandler said: "This Prize celebrates not only the power of art to change lives, but also the bravery of artists who use their work to fight oppression and injustice and create a brighter future for all. The entrants are global ambassadors for the power of creativity in building peaceful and prosperous societies.”
Freedom to Create Prize.
The Freedom to Create Prize is an international award which celebrates the power of art to promote social justice and inspire the human spirit. Established in 2008, the Prize is open to artists in all creative fields. Each year, US$125,000 in prize money is awarded across three categories: Main, Youth and Imprisoned Artist.
Prize categories.
There are three Prize categories which share the US$125,000 Prize fund.
Main Prize.
This category is open to artists or groups whose participants are over the age of 18 and has a total prize pool of US$75,000. The first place winner will receive US$ 50,000 which will be shared with an organisation nominated by the winning entrant to further the cause the artwork has highlighted. The second place prize winner will receive US$ 15,000. The third place prize winner will receive US$ 10,000.
Youth Prize.
This prize is open to artists or groups whose participants are under the age of 18, or organisations whose primary work uses art to involve and impact youths. 
The US$ 25,000 prize will be divided into two components. The winner will receive US$ 10,000 and the remaining US$ 15,000 will be awarded to an organisation nominated by the winning entrant to further the cause that the artwork has highlighted.
Imprisoned Artist Prize.
This prize focuses on artists who are imprisoned as a result of their art and its role in highlighting injustice. It differs slightly from the other categories, in that less emphasis is placed on the artist’s work and more on the personal risks incurred by them, the message conveyed through their work and its impact. A single prize of US$25,000 is directed towards securing the artist’s release, advocating on behalf of them and their cause and offering support to their family.
Entry Process.
All artists around the world, from any creative field are invited to participate. Nominations by an advocate, or by the artist themselves, is done online via the official website. Artwork is assessed on its ability to accomplish one or all of the following: Promote social justice, build societal foundations, and inspire the human spirit. While the quality of the artwork entered is considered, it is not a defining criteria. According to the website, the judges give more weight to the impact of the art in achieving the Prize's mission.
2010 Freedom to Create Prize.
Entries for the 2010 Freedom to Create Prize closed on 15 August 2010. In total, over 1,700 artists from 127 countries participated. Winners will be announced in a ceremony at the Salah El Din Citadel in Cairo, Egypt on 26 November 2010.
Judging Panel.
This year's judging panel comprised 13 individuals from a broad range of expertise. They are: Egypt's former first lady and human rights campaigner Mrs Jehan Sedat; Pakistani poet, journalist and social activist, Fatima Bhutto; prominent theorist on Critical Race theory and professor at UCLA School of Law and Columbia Law School Professor Kimberlé Crenshaw; celebrated street artist D*Face; non-executive director at the UK Financial Services Authority, Professor Dame Sandra Dawson OBE; 2009 Freedom to Create Prize winner and acclaimed Iranian filmmaker Mohsen Makhmalbaf; award winning filmmaker and producer Mira Nair; journalist and author Mariane Pearl; Professor of Contemporary Islamic Studies at the Oxford University, Professor Tariq Ramadan; leading human rights lawyer Geoffrey Robertson QC; authority on the development of creativity, innovation and human resources, Sir Ken Robinson; former diplomat and lecturer on cultural diplomacy, Professor Cynthia P. Schneider; and Croatian born artist Ana Tzarev.
Reaction.
2010 Freedom to Create Prize panelist and Egyptian former first lady, Mrs. Jehan Sadat, said:
"The artists who have been selected as finalists in this year's Freedom to Create competition know full well the price they are paying to express their ideas, hopes, and dreams for their people and their nations. 
They have endured harsh criticisms, and in some cases, have placed themselves in grave danger. As a result, they have done more than expose the ills plaguing their societies. They have provided solutions and alternatives, and by so doing, they are trying to change the world. Each exemplifies the power of art, music, and the written word."
2010 Finalists.
Main Prize Category.
A Sudanese theatre group operating in the country’s conflict zones. Based out of Khartoum, Nuba Mountain and Dafur, Al-Bugaa’s plays carry a message of peace and reconciliation to militia groups and refugees in camps. The troupe is made up of former child soldiers, victims and aggressors. 
This young Haitian filmmaker and student of Cine Institute retrieved his camera moments after the catastrophic magnitude 7.0 earthquake struck Haiti and set about chronicling the chaos and destruction. He aimed to record the resilience, hope and spirit of the people of Haiti despite the devastating destruction around them. 
Pioneers in Afghanistan's fledging rock scene, Kabul Dreams is made of a trio of former Afghan refugees who fled the Taliban regime. They state by playing music in a country where people are still fearful of celebrating the arts, they are inspiring communities and providing young people with a sense of hope for the freedom to express themselves without fear.
Basal'ya Bazoba is a musical theatre which uses rap and drama to address the persecution of child witches in the Democratic Republic of Congo. Playing to over 100,000 people, this troupe of artists have encouraged open discussions on the social taboos that surround sorcery and address the role of the churches in the systematic accusation, abuse and abandonment of children. Some of the troupe members are individuals who as children, had been persecuted and suffered because they had been accused of being witches. 
Zimbabwean artist Owen Maseko used his exhibit at the Bulawayo National Gallery to publicise the atrocities of the Gukurahundi massacre, a tropic which is still highly sensitive despite occurring over three decades ago. When his installation was unveiled, authorities arrested him for undermining the President's authority and the gallery was ordered to remove the exhibit until the trial is resolved.
Salome is one of Iran's few female rappers. In Iran female singers are heavily restricted and modern music genres are heavily censored. Through her lyrics, she addresses social injustice, war, the marginalisation of women and encourages people to respect human rights. 
This American photographer has captured the increasing trend of self-immolation amongst Afghan women. Self-immolation is where many young women commit suicide with boiling water and oil. Through her photographs, Lynsey hopes to raise awareness of the pain, suffering and oppression of many young women in Afghanistan. 
This Australian-Canadian filmmaker followed a former sex-trafficked Nepalese teenager to form the basis of her documentary Bas! Beyond the Red Light. Wendy spent four years capturing the resilience of the young women who have fought against the sex-trafficking industry between Nepal and India.
Youth Prize Category.
This global youth project was initiated in the Gaza Strip by acctress Iman Aoun who wanted the world to hear the stories of despair coming from children living in Gaza. Through art therapy workshops, 30 children aged 14 to 18 contributed their personal stories to 'The Gaza Monologues'. On October 17, 2010, they will recite the 'Gaza Monologues' after which, 30 partnering youth-groups from around the world will follow the time zone reciting their stories until the chain returns to Palestine. The production aims to spread awareness of the impacts of continuous conflict on young children.
In a bid to redress alarming suicide rates and instances of drug and alcohol abuse amongst youths living on the edge of the Arctic Circle in Canada, social worker Steve Leafloor and his crew of 25 Hip Hop dancers hold Hip Hop outreach programmes. This initiative offers hope and connects these children to their culture and elders.
This group of indigenous Bolivian children from El Alto have acted, directed and produced their own soap opera, En Busca de la Vida (Looking for Life) to show their reality to the rest of their countrymen. The children became frustrated by Latin soap operas which only depicted the lives of the elite and wealthy without focusing on the poor. The storylines inspire dignity for people who have been economically and socially marginalized in Bolivia. 
Lovetta Conto is a Liberian teenager who was forced to flee her country and live in a refugee camp. Reflecting on this experience, she has fashioned a line of life-affirming jewellery to raise awareness of the conflict and raise funds to help educate and sustain other children. Lovetta recovered spent bullets, melted down the shells and cast them into a leaf pendant on which she inscribed one word: LIFE. Proceeds from the sale of her jewellery go towards the rescue home where she still resides.
The children belonging to the United ACT theatre group are Burmese refugees living on the Thai-Burmese border where human traffickers and smuggling brokers target the vulnerable and impoverished population. To counteract the illicit business and protect their peers, this group of youths formed a theatre group, basing their scripts on real-life instances of trafficking and abuse. United ACT has performed before more than 10,000 refugees along the border.
Imprisoned Artist Prize Category.
Aron Atabek is a prominent veteran dissident, poet and creative writer in Kazhakstan. He was jailed for 18 years for orchestrating a mass disorder protesting the demolition of a shanty-town, a charge he vehemently denies. He turned down an offer of pardon for an admission of guilt. ‘Nazarbayev’s Regime and Revolution’ is one of Atabek's collection of prose and poetry that has been published online while he has been in prison. It is highly critical of President Nazarbayev and his policies, and laments the status of democracy in the former Soviet nation. 
'I Want a Dawn!' is Mustapha's first collection of short stories and writings, published during his three-year imprisonment on charges of offending the Moroccan flag. A secondary school supervisor by profession, Mustapha's writing has been largely banned in Western Saharan territory since 2005, following his open support of the right of Saharawis to demonstrate and oppose the Moroccan occupation. 50,000 copies of 'I Want a Dawn!' were published by the Ministry of Culture of the Saharawi government-in-exile, and sold to refugees in various camps. Mustapha remains in prison and is a popular figure in civil society. His short stories are often read in public at cultural events. 
Tibetan author Tragyal was formerly regarded as an "official intellectual" in Tibet; someone who wrote and spoke in support of the Chinese government and its policies. But moved by the sight of monks marching in the streets during the 2008 protests in Lhasa, he wrote his book, 'The Line between Heaven and Earth', which called for a peaceful resistance against Beijing's heavy-handed style of governance. Its initial print run of 1,000 copies were quickly distributed underground and countless pirated versions have since been sold and read abroad. He is in jail without being charged or having
2009 Freedom to Create Prize.
The shortlisted artists for the 2009 Freedom to Create Prize were announced on 26 October 2009. In total, there were 1,015 artists from more than 100 countries.
Judging Panel.
The 2009 Freedom to Create Prize was judged by a panel of high-profile artists, opinion formers, and human rights experts. They were: leading international human rights lawyer and jurist on the UN’s Internal Justice Council Geoffrey Robertson QC; composer and founder of West-Eastern Divan Orchestra Daniel Barenboim; co-founder, along with Koffi Annan, of global diplomatic group, The Global Elders, and founder of Indian women and micro-finance movements Dr Ela Bhatt; BBC arts correspondent Razia Iqbal; Time Out founder and chair of Human Rights Watch Tony Elliott; award-winning Anglo-Indian artist Sacha Jafri; New York-based arts lawyer Peter Stern; artist Ana Tzarev; and Zimbabwean playwright Cont Mhlanga, winner of the inaugural Freedom to Create Prize in 2008.
Main Prize Winners.
First Prize
Second Prize
Third Prize
Other Finalists
Youth Prize Winner.
Other Finalists
Imprisoned Artist Prize Winner.
Other Finalists
2008 Freedom to Create Prize.
Results and judging panel.
The inaugural Freedom to Create Prize attracted more than 900 entries from 86 countries. The 2008 award was judged by a panel of artists, commentators and human rights experts including Andrew Dickson, Htein Lin, Carlos Reyes-Manzo and Ana Tzarev.
The winner of the 2008 Prize was Cont Mhlanga, a controversial Zimbabwean playwright who has risked his life challenging the Mugabe dictatorship for more than 25 years. His winning submission was a politically charged satire called 'The Good President' that presents a fictionalised account of a ruthless dictator, but closely mirrors recent events in Zimbabwe. In second place was the Belarus Free Theatre's "Campaign Stop Violence", a four-play production that confronts the truth about government by standing up to censorship and repression. Deeyah, a Pakistani-Norwegian singer and human rights activist came in third.
The 2008 The Youth Prize was awarded to City of Rhyme, a 14-strong Hip Hop collective from the Brazilian favelas. The Imprisoned Artist Prize winner was Burmese satirist Zarganar, who is serving a 35 years for mocking the Burmese government in the wake of Cyclone Nargis.
Reaction.
Presenting an award at the 2008 ceremony in London, renowned playwright Sir Tom Stoppard said, "My participation in the Freedom to Create Prize was my first contact with this truly admirable enterprise. It is important that abuses of human rights are attacked from all sides of every free society."
Freedom to Create Prize Exhibition.
Freedom to Create holds a travelling exhibition of notable entries from the Freedom to Create Prize. Selected entries from the 2010 Freedom to Create Prize will be unveiled at the Cairo Opera House from 25 November 2010.
1–22 June 2010: 2009 Prize Exhibition in Kabul, Afghanistan 
27 April - 2 May 2010: 2009 Prize Exhibition in Harare, Zimbabwe 
19 February - 20 March 2010: 2009 Prize Exhibition in New York, USA 
25 November 2009: 2009 Prize Exhibition in London, UK 
Freedom to Create Forum.
In 2010, Freedom to Create launched a new initiative, the Freedom to Create Forum. This is the first in a series of panel discussions which aims to debate the challenges and opportunities for women in building creative and prosperous lives, families and communities.
The Forum will be held on 24 November 2010, at the Moataz Al Alfi Hall, The American University in Cairo. The panel will feature guest of honour and 2010 Prize judge Jehan Sedat, moderator Femi Oke and be accompanied by Mariane Pearl, Dalia Ziada, Professor Kimberlé Crenshaw and Dianne Laurance.
Sources.
Freedom to Create Prize 2009 Winner’s Announcement:
Iranian director, opposition campaigner wins award 'Reuters'
Iran should face smarter sanctions, says Mohsen Makhmalbaf 'Guardian'
Iranian filmmaker collects prize 'Channel4'
Iranian filmmaker collects prize 'Telegraph'
Iranian Director, Opposition Campaigner Wins Award 'New York Times'
Mohsen Makhmalbaf 'Al Jazeera'
Makhmalbaf: back democracy in Iran 'Guardian'
Freedom to Create Prize 2009 Shortlisted Artists' Announcement:
Iran director, Saharan singer up for prize 'Saudi Gazette'
Freedom to Create Prize Announces Finalists 'Newstin'
Freedom to Create Prize Announces Finalists 'USA Today'
Iranian Director amongst the nominees for Freedom to Create Prize 'Yahoo Entretenimiento'
Freedom to Create Prize Announces Finalists 'Payvand.com'
Iranian Director amongst the nominees for Freedom to Create Prize 'International Business Times'
Iranian Director, Journalist Up for Social Justice Prize 'Washington TV'
Iran director, Saharan singer up for prize 'Yahoo - India News'
Iran director, Saharan singer up for prize 'Insing.com'
Selected coverage from 2009 Freedom to Create Launch: 
Cont Mhlanga talks about writing against the backdrop of Robert Mugabe's regime 'Guardian'
Letter from Africa, 'When you tell a joke in the street, that is political' 'BBC'
Selected coverage from Freedom to Create Prize 2008:
Taking on Mugabe 'BBC'
Arts & Free Expression in Zimbabwe 'Guardian'
Critic of Mugabe WIns Arts Prize 'New York Times'

</doc>
<doc id="20337090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337090" title="Aniston">
Aniston

Aniston is a surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20337097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337097" title="List of people from Los Feliz, Los Angeles, California">
List of people from Los Feliz, Los Angeles, California

This is a list of notable people who were born or have lived a significant amount of time in Los Feliz, Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20337098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337098" title="Snarøya">
Snarøya

Snarøya is a populated peninsula in the inner Oslofjord in Norway. It belongs to Bærum municipality in Akershus county. It is located south of the districts Lysaker, Lagåsen and Fornebu, and has 2,940 inhabitants.
History.
Its name is derived from the word "snar", meaning thicket or brushy terrain. The suffix "-øya" refers to the fact that the peninsula was an island until the nineteenth century.
It is unclear when the island was first settled, but the manor "Snarøen" is known from historical sources. In 1616 the manor was registered as crown land, but it later became privately owned. It comprised the entire island.
The theologist Christian Kølle, who owned the manor from 1770 and 1803, contributed to history as he published the topographical pamphlet "Kort Beskrivelse over Snarøen, en liten Gaard ved Christiania" in 1792. His daughter Catharine Hermine Kølle, born at Snarøya, is known as the first female painter in Norway.
In 1867 the manor was bought by a Valentin Fürst, who transformed it into a sawmill. The sawmill was closed in 1907, and at the same time much of the surrounding land was parcelled out into lots for single-owner homes and cottages. In 1923 the manor itself was bought by Mario Caprino, father of the noted film director and writer Ivo Caprino. In 1952 it was rebuilt into a film studio, Caprino Studios.
Demographics.
As of 31 December 2007 the district Snarøya had 2,940 inhabitants. This places Snarøya among the lesser populated districts in Bærum. However, the population is increasing, having been 2,748 in 2001. The age distribution was 28.2% who were 19 years or younger, 8.8% from 20 to 29, 28.7% from 30 to 49, 23.3% from 50 to 66 and 11.0% who were 67 years of age or older.
Culture.
Snarøya has a primary school with 326 pupils. The secondary school is located at Hundsund at Fornebu.
Snarøya formerly had its own library, as a branch of the municipal public library service. This was discontinued on December 1988.
The local multi-sports team, Snarøya SK, was founded on 1 July 1920. It has sections for association football, bandy and team handball. It has two fields with artificial grass; one of which is turned into an ice field during the winter. The district also has a tennis club, Snarøya TK, as well as a curling club, Snarøya CC.
Politics.
As a district of Bærum, Snarøya is not self-governed, but elects members to the municipal council. Representatives to the municipal council are elected through a party-list proportional representation system with plural member constituencies. As such, the entire municipality is a single constituency. Snarøya is one of several sub-constituencies within the municipality, meaning that each sub-constituency has its own polling station, for accessibility purposes.
In national elections, the sub-constituency Snarøya contributes towards the total vote in the county, not the municipality. Similarly, the party lists consist of candidates from different parts of the county.
The recent electoral results for Snarøya are as follows:
Transportation.
Located south of the district Fornebu, Snarøya was served by Oslo Airport, Fornebu from 1939 until the airport was closed in 1998.
Snarøya is not accessible by railway, although a branch line from the Lilleaker Line was proposed in 1919. Instead, it is served by bus, "line 31" in the Greater Oslo transportation network. The bus service has been operated since 1921, and was the basis for the first permanent residential areas. Other than that, private cars are prevalent, though bicycles are also used. The peninsula is also accessible by boat.

</doc>
<doc id="20337108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337108" title="Sister Margarita of Jesus">
Sister Margarita of Jesus

Juana María de Iturbide y Huarte (10 March 1812 – 2 October 1828), Princess of Mexico, known as Sister Margarita of Jesus, was the third child of Agustín I of Mexico (Agustín de Iturbide) and Empress Ana Maria Huarte. She died at a young age at the Visitation Convent in Georgetown, Washington, D.C.
Biography.
Juana Maria was born in New Spain, when the colony was still under the control of King of Spain and ruled by the Viceroy of New Spain. Her birth year coincided with the Mexican War of Independence, which would catapult her father to fame and secure his place on the Mexican imperial throne.
The Iturbides originated from minor Spanish nobility of Basque descent, who came to Mexico in the mid-18th century. Juana María had two elder siblings, Agustin Jeromino and Sabina, and several younger siblings: Josefa, Ángel, Jesus, María-Jesus, María, Salvador, Felipe and Agustín Cosme. She was baptised as a Roman Catholic.
She was designated "Princesca de México" upon her father's accession in 1822. She was referred to as Her Highness rather than Imperial Highness, which was reserved for the Prince Imperial. In 1823, during the last days of the Mexican Empire, Juana María was the sixth in line to the throne, after her four brothers and elder sister. Her father abdicated his throne after less than 10 months reign and the royal family was exiled from Mexico. On May 11, 1823, the royal family and some servants boarded the English ship "Rawlins", bound for Livorno, Italy. There her father rented a small country house and began to write his memoirs. Under pressure from Spain, Italy expelled the Iturbide family, and they moved to England.
Iturbide returned to Mexico and was executed July 9, 1824, in Padilla, Tamaulipas. The Dowager-Empress Anna Maria moved her family, including Juana Maria, to the United States. They lived in Washington, D.C. and in Philadelphia on Spruce St. near 13th, and later at 226 Broad St.
Juana Maria became a novice in the Visitation Convent at Georgetown in Washington, D.C. On her deathbed, she professed herself a nun and took the name "Sister Margarita of Jesus". She died around the age of 17 at the convent, where she is also buried.

</doc>
<doc id="20337126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337126" title="Live at the Matrix 1967">
Live at the Matrix 1967

Live at the Matrix 1967 is a double live album by The Doors, compiled and resequenced from recordings made on March 7 and 10, 1967 at The Matrix in San Francisco by club co-owner Peter Abram. The recording is notable because it is one of the earliest live recordings of the band known to exist: The Doors had recorded only one album by March 1967, "Light My Fire" had yet to be released as a single, and they were still relatively unknown outside Southern California.
This is part of previously unreleased material of the Bright Midnight Archives collection of live albums by The Doors.
Recording equipment.
On November 22, 2008, recording engineer Peter Abram revealed in an online posting the equipment he used to record The Doors at The Matrix. ""I used an Akai tape recorder (tubes), 4 Calrad mics on the stage and a Calrad mic mixer on the instrumental channel. On the vocal channel: a Knight mixer with 3 Electrovoice 676 and Shure mics. The Calrad mics that I used on the instrumental track were model DM-21"" said Abram.
The original master 1/4 track stereo tapes were recorded at 7.5 ips on Abram's Akai reel-to-reel vacuum tube tape recorder.
Master Tape issues.
PopMatters music critic Steve Horowitz observed in his review of "Live at the Matrix 1967", entitled "Money...That's What I Want," that the Rhino CD was not sourced from Peter Abram's master tapes, despite Rhino's press release claim that "first generation tapes" were used.
On December 2, 2008, Peter Abram allowed photos to be taken of his master tape boxes. These photos were published online at the Steve Hoffman Forums on December 4, 2008.
Abram's notations on the master tape boxes indicate that a 'jam' was performed between "Soul Kitchen" and "Get Out of My Life Woman" during the March 7, 1967 show. 
Since that time, the Doors management has purchased the original master tapes and are planning on re-releasing the concert as a gold-disc limited edition box set due out sometime in 2012.
Track listing.
Disc one.
All songs written by Jim Morrison, Robby Krieger, Ray Manzarek and John Densmore, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20337153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337153" title="Aaynate">
Aaynate

Aaynate (, English: In the Mirror) is a 2008 Bengali drama film directed by Dulal Dey. The film stars Rituparna Sengupta, Firdous Ahmed and Rati Agnihotri first appearance in Bengali cinema.
Plot.
The story about Malini (Rituparna Sengupta) who recapitulating her childhood memories while recollecting her family attachments she remembers the detachment from her inner self grounded by the molestation in her teenage.Malini is now a well-versed photographer working in some magazine. Her photographic skills explores through the various special expressions of the people when they are dead and seeks to find out the emotions of the pale and white faces. During these ongoing course of actions she comes in contact with Urmila Sanyal (Rati Agnihotri), the leading social activist who has dedicated her life to the service of the exploited and distressed women of the society. The story then takes a turn to her romantic journey with her boyfriend, Rajat (Firdous Ahmed) who is the lavish brat of a big businessman.On one hand there is the family expectations tied to her and on the other there is urge for preserving her self-identity. Though she gets romantically involved with Rajat along with her family support but then nobody is ready to bear its outcomes. It is then when she becomes pregnant, she realizes the real faces of the people whom she has been respecting and admiring so much. In a moment she is being out cast and constantly pressurized to surrender to the patriarchal will. But revolting against it she comes to discover the illegitimacy of her own birth and finds Urmila Sanyal as her escapist mother, who was scared of the social accusations.

</doc>
<doc id="20337171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337171" title="Manila shawl">
Manila shawl

The Manila shawl is an embroidered silk shawl associated with the Port of Manila.
History.
Its name is associated to the Port of Manila (Philippines). Manila is the port where the Spaniards collected the products of the Far East during the fifteenth century. These products were subsequently sent via the Manila Galleons to New Spain (Mexico), where it was further distributed to Europe. Shawls were made of silk and were embroidered by hand, generally with flowers or birds. At first, they were decorated with dragons, bamboo, or pagodas (typical "oriental" decorations). On their dimensions is significant to mention that owed - at least - to cover all the back and to arrive at the extreme of each arm, when these are located in position of cross with the bust. On the other hand is to emphasize that the more light be concocted, a lot better to be able to bear it comodamente on the body and to light up with more distinction upon performing movements or you figure (in this last case and more exactly, refers to its utilization generalized by the dancers (bailaoras) of flamenco).
The embroidered shawl is associated with the flamenco dance, although is a complement of the dress used also by the flamenco singers and besides, in some epochs, has been used like a routine token.
The origin of the embroidered Shawl is in China. The first shawls embroidered and other tokens, like kimonos, cushions or pictures were done in China. Traditionally they were carried out in silk and they were embroidered by hand with floral motives of nature as flowers, birds, and Chinese motives: pagodas, dragons. ..todo set in the oriental landscape.
Although the shawl's origin is in China, it was Manila, the capital of the Spanish colony in the Philippines, that gave its name to this shawl. In the Spanish imperial epoch (sXVI) the maritime commerce itself took several routes: One of them is the route of Manila (Philippines) to Veracruz (Mexico) and to Seville (Spain). Seville knows the shawl brought from Manila (from there its name) very promptly, and some town of the Aljarafe, as is Villamanrique, was related to this commerce, by being the Marquis of Villamanrique Virrey of Mexico and later by having among its sailors to the marine one Bernal, from which originated "manriqueño".
In little time, the Chinese decorations of the shawls were substituted by indigenous motives; thus disappeared the dragons, the bamboo and the pagodas and clover leaves and in their place appeared birds, roses, carnations and other flowers, each one with their meaning (lily: purity; margarita: impatience; rose: secret; sunflower: fidelity…). Also it was in Spain where they added hem fringes. 
Little by little, the embroidered shawl became a token habitual of the female dress, above all in Seville, so much among the wealthy women of the high company as among the popular classes.

</doc>
<doc id="20337174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337174" title="Alfredo Campoli">
Alfredo Campoli

Alfredo Campoli (20 October 1906 – 27 March 1991) was an Italian-born British violinist, often known simply as Campoli. He was noted for the beauty of the tone he produced from the violin. Campoli spent his childhood and much of his career in England.
Biography.
Campoli was born in Rome in 1906 where his father was leader of the orchestra at the Accademia di Santa Cecilia, taught the violin and was Alfredo’s first teacher. His mother was a dramatic soprano who had toured with Scotti and Caruso, but a retired performer at the time of Campoli's birth. His family moved to England in 1911, and 5 years later Campoli was already giving public concerts. In 1919, he did enter the London Music Festival and won the gold medal for his performance of the Mendelssohn's Violin Concerto. Campoli made his professional debut in a recital at the Wigmore Hall in 1923. He toured with such singers as Dame Nellie Melba and Dame Clara Butt.
Although he appeared in the standard repertoire with symphony orchestras, during the depression there was little demand for a soloist and Campoli formed his Salon Orchestra and the Welbeck Light Quartet playing at restaurants in London, and other such venues. He appeared at a Prom concert in 1938. During World War II he gave numerous concerts for Allied troops. After the war, he had extended tours of Europe, Southeast Asia, New Zealand, and Australia, and continued his work with the BBC, eventually achieving over 1,000 radio broadcasts. He made his American debut in 1953, playing Lalo's "Symphonie espagnole" with the New York Philharmonic under George Szell. In 1955 he gave the first performance of Sir Arthur Bliss's Violin Concerto, which was written for him. In 1956 he twice toured the Soviet Union.
Campoli owned two Stradivarius violins, the Baillot-Pommerau of 1694 and the Dragonetti of 1700 (see also List of Stradivarius instruments). However, it was his 1843 Rocca that he used predominantly, the Dragonetti being housed in the bank for security.
He considered the phrasing of each passage he played and if he could achieve ‘bel canto’ by shortening or lengthening a note then he would do so. He was not afraid to lift the bow from the strings, an act that seems to be completely avoided today. Brief breaks of sound can add tremendous drama and power to a performance, even when not indicated by the composer.
Campoli's recorded legacy was enormous, including a renowned recording of Elgar’s Violin Concerto in B minor. Previously unpublished recordings, including material recorded at Campoli's home, are referred to on Brightcecilia Classical Music Forums. At the beginning of 1960s, Campoli was living in Southgate, London. In 1961, a private recording of Alfredo Campoli playing the Beethoven's Violin Concerto with the Hayes Orchestra in Bromley, Kent, was made by his friend Geoffrey Terry. Also there is a recording by Geoffrey Terry of Campoli in rehearsal with British pianist Peter Katin, with whom he had earlier formed a sonata duo, Daphne Ibbott and Valerie Tryon. Geoffrey Terry also promoted and recorded Campoli's last Queen Elizabeth Hall recital, and in 1963 Mozart's and Beethoven's music performed during a lunchtime concert given by Campoli with Peter Katin in the Fairfield Halls in Croydon (a concert hall often used by the BBC for recording). 2 sonatas from that recording had been published, together with a Brahms sonata, recorded 1973 by the same duo in Alfredo Campoli’s Southgate home. The recording in Alfredo Campoli’s home was made in his music room, a rectangular room approximately 8 x 4 metres; in Vienna, in the days of Brahms, composers were more likely to hear their works performed in private homes and palaces rather than in concert halls, and the sound in such rooms is quite different from that in a purpose-built concert hall. It is an intimate sound, and this recording provides an historic document of the great maestro performing in his own home.
Campoli appeared in a number of films.
Alfredo Campoli was a keen bridge player, and died just before a game in the Bridge Club in Princes Risborough, Buckinghamshire, a few miles from his home in Thame, Oxfordshire. His archives are kept at Cambridge University Library.
A blue plaque dedicated to Alfredo Campoli was unveiled at 39 North Street, his home in Thame, on 14 April 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20337177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337177" title="Ankle replacement">
Ankle replacement

Ankle replacement, or ankle arthroplasty, is a surgical procedure to replace the damaged articular surfaces of the human ankle joint with prosthetic components. This procedure is becoming the treatment of choice for patients, replacing the conventional use of arthrodesis, i.e. fusion of the bones. The restoration of range of motion is the key feature in favor of ankle replacement with respect to arthrodesis. However, clinical evidence of the superiority of the former has only been demonstrated for particular isolated implant designs. 
History.
Since the early 1970s, the disadvantages of ankle arthrodesis and the excellent results attained by arthroplasty at other human joints have encouraged numerous prosthesis designs also for the ankle. In the following decade, the disappointing results of long-term follow-up clinical studies of the pioneering designs has left ankle arthrodesis as the surgical treatment of choice for these patients. More modern designs have produced better results, contributing to a renewed interest in total ankle arthroplasty over the past decade.
Nearly all designs from pioneers featured two-components; these designs have been categorized as incongruent and congruent, according to the shape of the two articular surfaces. After the early unsatisfactory results of the two-component designs, most of the more recent designs feature three-components, with a polyethylene meniscal bearing interposed between the two metal bone-anchored components. This meniscal bearing should allow full congruence at the articular surfaces in all joint positions in order to minimize wear and deformation of the components. Poor understanding of the functions of the structures guiding ankle motion in the natural joint (ligaments and articular surfaces), and poor restoration of these functions in the replaced joint may be responsible for the complications and revisions.
Prosthetic design.
The main objectives of the prosthetic design for ankle joint replacements are: 
As with other joint replacements, the traditional dilemma between mobility and congruency must be addressed. Unconstrained or semiconstrained designs allow the necessary mobility but require incongruent contact, thereby giving rise to large contact stresses and potentially high wear rates. Conversely, congruent designs produce large contact areas with low contact stresses but transmit undesirable constraint forces that can overload the fixation system at the bone-component interface.
Indications.
The indications for the operation in general are as follow: 
The general contraindications are:
Other potential contraindications such as capsuloligamentous instability and hindfoot or forefoot deformities affecting correct posture, are not considered relevant if resolved before or during this surgery.
Outcome.
The outcome of an ankle replacement includes factors like ankle function, pain, revision and implant survival. Outcome studies on modern designs show a five-year implant survival rate between 67% and 94%. and ten-year survival rates around 75%. Mobile bearing designs have enabled implant survival rates to continue to improve, reaching as high as 95% for five years and 90% for ten years.
Clinical ankle scores, such as the American Orthopaedcic Foot and Ankle Society (AOFAS) is an outcome rating system for ankle replacements. It is composed of the parameters pain (max 40 points), function (max 50 points) and alignment (max 10 points). Further outcome instruments include radiographic assessment of component stability and migration, and the assessment of its functionality in daily life using gait analysis or videofluoroscopy; the latter is a tool for three-dimensional measuring of the position and orientation of implanted prosthetic components at the replaced joints.

</doc>
<doc id="20337191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337191" title="White Party">
White Party

The White Party is the name of a number of circuit parties held annually, catering to the LGBT communities. Its name comes from the requirement that party-goers dress in all or almost all white. White Parties have taken place in Miami; New York City; Chicago, Illinois; Huntsville, Alabama; Fayetteville, Arkansas;Fort Lauderdale, Florida; Palm Springs, California; Salt Lake City, Utah; Los Feliz, California; and Montreal, Quebec, Canada, although the events are independent of each other.
In the gay community, the White Party is what is known as a "circuit party," and it is just one of a hundred such events that take place around the country (and hundreds more around the globe) all year-round. There is also the Black Party in New York, the Black & Blue Festival in Montreal, Mardi Gras in Sydney, the White Party and the Winter Party in Miami, or One Mighty Weekend / GayDayS in Orlando.
Miami.
The Miami White Party is an annual fundraiser party for HIV/AIDS research. The all-white clothing theme was chosen by co-founder Frank Wager because, as he said, "White stands for purity. White is elegant, non-political, non-combative and makes people look just plain beautiful." The very first White Party began 29 years ago as AIDS began decimating the gay population. Frank Wager and Jorge Suarez began planning an event they hoped would raise awareness - and a few dollars - to help fight HIV/AIDS in South Florida.
Frank, Jorge and their friends dropped leaflets outside gay bars all over Miami and Ft Lauderdale, got businesses to donate food and liquor and told everyone about the big “White” party. Sixteen hundred guests, asked to wear white, showed up that Sunday night, Dec. 1, 1985. Each paid $10. Wager, a Salvadoran-born real-estate entrepreneur, hadn't yet been diagnosed with HIV when the first White Party was held, which benefited Health Crisis Network (now known as Care Resource). "But there was a great sense of urgency that we had to do something fast because something really bad was happening to us." 
The original menu wasn't elaborate. "It's embarrassing to say that at the first White Party, we had apples and cookies that some committee member donated," Suarez said. Everyone tried to outdo their friends by wearing lavish, often sexy, white outfits.
Frank Wagner died of AIDS in 1994, just 42 years old. "One thing Frank wanted to do was reach out to young people, to get out the message about safe sex," said Barbara Shack, his widow. "And it turned into this fabulous party."
Through the years, White Party has attracted celebrities including Nell Carter (who sang at the first White Party), Madonna, Calvin Klein, Jennifer Lopez, Yoko Ono, Crystal Waters, Expose, Lorna Luft and Cyndi Lauper. In 2013 emerging artist Kerli performed.
The one-night fundraiser has evolved into a week of events that kicks off on November 27th with events in Miami and Miami Beach. Most of the parties are geared to gay men from all over the globe, but there are several events for lesbians and mixed crowds as well.
White Party's early years didn't get much mainstream publicity. "Miami in 1984 was a very different place than it is now," Suarez said. Most gays were still in the closet, and HIV/AIDS carried a great stigma. 
In 1995, more events joined the White Party, including "White Dreams" and "Muscle Beach". In 1998, the Health Crisis Network merged with Community Research Initiative, and the White Party Week brought in over $2 million for their efforts. It is now the largest HIV/AIDS fundraiser in the world. With DJs, performers and artists attending from all over the world, the electronic dance music has come to be renowned and a central part of the party. White Party CDs have been produced since 1996 with White Party remixes reaching the top of the dance charts.
The number of young people still contracting HIV is what keeps many people involved in White Party. Eric Mendez, a bioengineering student at Miami Dade College, was born in Miami the same year that Suarez and Wager began planning the first White Party. Mendez began volunteering at Care Resource while a ninth-grader at Miami Senior High. Until then, he knew no one his age with HIV. For Mendez, White Party is an optimistic celebration of life, not a remembrance of friends and lovers who died.
"It's more like gay men getting together because it's Thanksgiving," he said. 
Care Resource, the producers of White Party Week, is a 501(c)(3) non profit medical agency operating with over 200 employees in Miami-Dade, Miami Beach and Broward County providing medical, counseling, testing, psychosocial, food bank services and more to their clients. White Party Week Miami attracts thousands of participants with a week of dance and fashionable events, mostly for an LGBT demographic. The signature White Party is the crown jewel event and the pinnacle of White Party Week. Historically held at Vizcaya, the renaissance mansion in Coconut Grove, the White Party now travels to different venues throughout South Florida.
In 2013 world-famous international DJ Offer Nissim spun for a crowd of thousands dressed all in white – from artists to circuit boys to electronic dance lovers. Muscle Beach Party and exclusive Women's events compliment the schedule of festivities. White Party Week Miami has been featured in "W", "Vanity Fair", "Glamour", "The New York Times", and has been the subject of documentaries on Bravo, The Travel Channel, the BBC with the documentary film "Fabulous" in 1999, Playboy Channel, and in two episodes of "Queer as Folk". It is the setting for the 2001 documentary film "When Boys Fly".
Palm Springs.
Palm Springs, California, also hosts an annual White Party. It was the partial setting for the 2001 feature film "Circuit". The Palm Springs White Party was also featured in a 2004 episode of the television series "The L Word" and in a 2006 episode of the reality television series "The Janice Dickinson Modeling Agency". The Palm Springs White Party was described by "Frommer's Travel Guide" as "one of the biggest and best on the US party circuit ... over 20,000 gay men dressed in white. The Palm Springs White Party Sunday Tea Dance features a Ferris Wheel and a fireworks display." In 2004, "The New York Times" travel section featured an in-depth look at The White Party in Palm Springs in conjunction with staff members of Noizemag.
New York.
The New York City White Party was first held at the legendary private gay disco "Flamingo" on Broadway and Houston, on Presidents' Day weekend. The white theme derived from the snow often to be found that time of year. It was then adopted by the East Village disco "The Saint" during the month of February of each year usually coinciding with the full moon. Dress requirement was always white. After the closing of "The Saint" in 1988, The White Party became the norm for other cities around the country in the current circuit party system to host such events.
Montreal.
Every Easter Sunday in Montreal, a white party (Bal en Blanc) catering to both straight and gay ravers is held. It usually attracts over 16,000 attendees and prominent international DJs such as Armin Van Buuren, Above and Beyond, Offer Nissim, Peter Rauhofer, Deep Dish, Tiësto, David Guetta, and many others.
Chicago.
One of the first parties was held August 8, 1974, hosted by Chicago business owner Chuck Renslow to celebrate his birthday and thank his patrons. It was then held for the next 36 years until 2010. The largest party was held in 1986 at Navy pier with 5000 participants.
Pattaya.
A white party was held for Sunee Plaza in Pattaya, Thailand, on November 15, 2009, as part of their Pride event. The party required all the staff in the gay bars to dress in white and will offer discounts to customers who also dress in white. The event featured street performers and many special events happening in the Plaza.
Arosa.
Every winter, a white party is held during the Arosa Gay Ski Week in Arosa, Switzerland, as part of the international gay ski event. The party called "White Snow Ball" hosted by the Jungle Gay Party promoters is the closing party of the festival and takes place at the Kursaal.

</doc>
<doc id="20337192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337192" title="Sara J. Dent">
Sara J. Dent

Sara J. Dent was the first chief of Anesthesiology and the first female division chief in the Department of Surgery at Duke University.
Dr. Dent was born in South Carolina and also founded the Orange County Rescue Squad located in Hillsborough, NC. She also served as County Coroner before her death in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20337208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337208" title="Constance N. Johnson">
Constance N. Johnson

Constance N. Johnson is an American politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma. She currently serves in the Oklahoma Senate, representing District 48, which encompasses portions of northeastern Oklahoma County. She was first elected to the state senate in a special election in September 2005.
Early life.
Born in Holdenville, Oklahoma, in 1952, she graduated from Frederick A. Douglass High School in Oklahoma City and earned a bachelor's degree in French from the University of Pennsylvania. After college she worked for the Oklahoma Community Action Director’s Association, the City of Oklahoma City, and as the personal assistant for the Oklahoma Corporation Commission.
Political career.
Johnson worked for the Oklahoma State Senate as a legislative analyst from 1981 to 2005 when she won the Senate seat representing District 48 in a special election. She was re-elected in 2006.
Stance on Senate Bill 1433.
Senate Bill 1433, which sought to define human life as beginning at fertilization, would have offered full legal protection to all human embryos. In the words of the bill, “the unborn child at every stage of development (has) all the rights, privileges, and immunities available to other persons, citizens, and residents of this state.” Johnson submitted an amendment of her own to the bill, which would have added the words:
She explained that the amendment was intended to "draw attention to the absurdity, duplicity and lack of balance inherent in the policies of this state in regard to women".

</doc>
<doc id="20337210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337210" title="1974 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1974 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1974 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1974-1975. The Buckeyes compiled a 10–2 record, including the 1975 Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California, where they lost 18–17 to the Southern California Trojans.

</doc>
<doc id="20337238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337238" title="Dorra">
Dorra

Dorra is a village in Djibouti. It is located in the Tadjoura Region. It is situated about 215 kilometers Southeast of Djibouti City and 65 km (40 mi) north of the border with Eritrea.
Climate.
In winter there is much more rainfall in Dorra than in summer. The average annual temperature in Dorra is 29.1 °C. About 148 mm of precipitation falls annually. The driest month is June with 4 mm. Most precipitation falls in August, with an average of 30 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="20337248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337248" title="Flaudette May V. Datuin">
Flaudette May V. Datuin

Flaudette May V. Datuin is an Associate Professor in the Department of Art Studies at the University of the Philippines (UP) 
and co-founding editor of Ctrl+P - http://www.ctrlp-artjournal.org, a Contemporary Arts Journal launched in 2006 with information about contemporary art and culture in the Philippines and internationally. Their mission is to utilize Copyleft and for readers to distribute the journal for free to as many people as possible. Since the journal is online, they feel they can publish at anytime, when they have collected enough substantial essays they upload the issue for ready publication. In 2007, they were invited by the Documenta 12 magazines project in Kassel Germany.
She is also the author of Home Body Memory: Filipina Artists in the Visual Arts, 19th Century to the Present published by the University of the Philippines Press, 2002. a book based on her PhD dissertation at the same university. Her most recent and still ongoing project is
trauma, interrupted (http://www.trauma-interrupted.org), 
"a multi-pronged project composed of a series of workshops, an international exhibition and artist talks aiming to explore the link between trauma, art and healing."
It was launched through an exhibition held at the Cultural Center of the Philippines in June 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="20337315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337315" title="Tom Ivester">
Tom Ivester

Tom Ivester (born 1969) is the Oklahoma Senator representing District 26, which includes Beckham, Caddo, Greer, Jackson, Kiowa, Tillman and Washita counties, since 2006. He is an Assistant Minority Floor Leader.
Education.
Ivester obtained his BA/BS from Texas Christian University and his JD from the University of Oklahoma. 
Family.
Tom is married to his wife DeAun and together the two have 2 children: Joseph, Jackson.
Residence.
Tom and his family currently reside in Sayre, Oklahoma.
Professional experience.
Tom Ivester was an attorney, a major for the United States Army Reserves, and Third Special Forces Group in the United States Army.
Organizations.
Ivestor is a member of the American Legion and Kiwanis Club.

</doc>
<doc id="20337338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337338" title="Anandalok Best Films Award">
Anandalok Best Films Award

Here is a list of Anandalok Awards - Best Films Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20337359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337359" title="1972 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1972 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1972 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the 1972 college football season. The Buckeyes compiled a 9–2 record, including the 1973 Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California, where they lost 42–17 to the USC Trojans.
Game notes.
North Carolina.
Statistics
Michigan.
Ohio State made two goal line stands, one in each half, to hold onto the 14-11 victory. The first came just before halftime as Dennis Franklin fumbled on fourth down at the two. In the fourth quarter, Randy Gradishar stopped Franklin on a sneak from the one. The Buckeyes' fans tore down the goal posts with 13 seconds remaining.

</doc>
<doc id="20337382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337382" title="Johnnie Crutchfield">
Johnnie Crutchfield

Johnnie C. Crutchfield (born 1967) is an American politician from the U.S. state of Oklahoma. He served in the Oklahoma Senate from 1998 to 2010, representing District 14, which included Carter, Garvin, Love and Murray counties.
Early life.
Born February 16, 1967, in Denton, Texas, Crutchfield earned a bachelor's degree from Southeastern State College in 1970 and a master's in education from Southeastern State College in 1975. He also attended the University of Oklahoma.
Crutchfield worked as a teacher for Ardmore Public Schools from 1970 to 1998.
Political career.
Before served in the state legislature, Crutchfield served as a city councilman and mayor of Ardmore, Oklahoma. He served in the Oklahoma Senate from 1998 to 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20337391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337391" title="David Bowman">
David Bowman

David Bowman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20337398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337398" title="1971 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1971 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1971 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1971-1972. The Buckeyes compiled a 6–4 record.
Game summaries.
Iowa.
Don Lamka, who spent the last two seasons as a reserve defensive back, made his debut at quarterback with 211 total yards and four touchdowns.

</doc>
<doc id="20337405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337405" title="Thumpamon Vadakkumnatha Temple">
Thumpamon Vadakkumnatha Temple

Thumpamon Vadakkumnatha Temple is an ancient temple near Pandalam in Kerala, India. This temple has two Sreekovils (sanctum sanctorum). Both Sreekovils are round (vatta).
The deity in the first Sreekovil is called Vadakkumnatha. Some worshipers believe that this deity is Shiva. Some another worshipers believe that this deity is Muruga and another opinion is that the deity is Vishnu. However, the deity resembles Sree Buddha.
The worshipers believe that the deity in the second Sreekovil (known as Thekkumnathan) is Balamuruga. It is believed that this deity was worshiped by SakthiBhadra the author of "Acharya Chudamani" (a drama for Koodiyatta). There are mural paintings around this Sreekovil.

</doc>
<doc id="20337422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337422" title="Devipada">
Devipada

Devipada is a densely populated area in East Borivali, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. Devipada includes Sadguru Nagar, Vitthal Nagar, Millennium Tower, Gulmohar and Sahyadri. Most residents are Marathi, with a number of Gujaratis and North Indians. Shree Gajanan Maharaj Mandir Bhakt Mandal is very famous & popular not only in Devipada but also in borivali. This area is politically very important for the politicians. about 40% of earlier devipada is undergone for construction of buildings till 20-04-2011, still work is in progress.
Buses.
Following buses stop at the Devipada bus stop:

</doc>
<doc id="20337444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337444" title="Elizabeth Roberts">
Elizabeth Roberts

Elizabeth Roberts may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20337455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337455" title="LB&amp;SCR E5 class">
LB&amp;SCR E5 class

The London, Brighton and South Coast Railway E5 Class is a class of 0-6-2Tside tank steam locomotive designed by Robert Billinton. They were introduced in 1902 and were a larger version of the E4 Class intended for semi-fast secondary passenger work.
History.
As the weight of passenger trains continued to grow steadily during the 1890s and 1900s Robert Billinton decided to enlarge his radial tank classes still further by introducing a wheeled version incorporating the C2 class boiler. Thirty E5 locomotives were built by Brighton Works between November 1902 and November 1904. In addition to more power and a higher top speed, they also had more fuel capacity than the E4 class. 
The E5s were deemed to be fairly successful and locomotives achieved high mileages, but in 1911 four examples were rebuilt by D. E. Marsh with the larger C3 class boiler and were re-classified E5X. This experiment was not however a success and the performance was not greatly improved and higher centre of gravity made for rougher running at speed. 
All of the class survived the transfer to Southern Railway ownership in 1923. One E5 was however withdrawn in 1936 and another in 1944 following a collision . The remainder continued in regular use following the nationalisation of the Southern Railway to become a part of British Railways in 1948. However, many of the class were now worn out and the arrival of a large number of new 2-6-4T locomotives in Southern England enabled the withdrawal of the remaining members of the class between 1949 and 1956. No examples have been preserved.
Numbering.
British Railways (BR) numbers were 32399-32406, 32567-32576 and 32583-32594. The E5X locomotives were 32401, 32570, 32576, and 32586.

</doc>
<doc id="20337461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337461" title="Hacienda Arms Apartments">
Hacienda Arms Apartments

Hacienda Arms Apartments, also known as Coronet Apartments and Piazza del Sol, is a historic building located on the Sunset Strip in West Hollywood, California. The four-story, Italian Renaissance Revival sourced Mediterranean Revival style structure was built in 1927 and operated initially as a luxury apartment building catering to the entertainment business. In the 1930s, it became the "most famous brothel in California." The building declined in prestige in the 1950s and 1960 and was acquired by rock star Rod Stewart in the 1970s. After Stewart's plans to redevelop the building as a luxury hotel ended in a legal dispute, the building was nearly destroyed in a 1983 fire that was found to be of suspicious origin. Since 1986, it has been known as the Piazza del Sol, and it now houses the offices of several production companies, including Miramax Films. The restaurant Katana, co-owned by Ryan Seacrest and Tori Spelling and described by "Newsweek" as "so hip it hurts," also operates at the building.
Hollywood apartment house.
Built in 1927 for $382,000, the building was originally known as Hacienda Arms Apartments and became the home of wealthy Hollywood families. Located next door to the famed Ciro's night club, the Hacienda Arms was the home to motion picture actors, including Marie Dressler, James Dunn, Grant Withers, Loretta Young, Jeanette MacDonald, US child star Leon Janney, and the film composers Josiah Zuro and Oscar Potoker.
Classiest brothel on the Sunset Strip.
During the 1930s, the building gained notoriety as the site of the "House of Francis," described as the "most famous brothel in California," and the "classiest brothel on the Sunset Strip" The "House of Francis" was featured in a 2005 book about Hollywood's "fixers," the men who worked to shield Hollywood's Golden Age stars from public scandal. The fixers reportedly had their "hands full" trying to cover for events at the high-class brothel. The establishment was run by famed madam Lee Francis, who wrote the book "Ladies on Call". The brothel was staffed largely by young women who had come to Hollywood to become movie stars but ended up as highly paid prostitutes, making as much as $1,000 a week—a fortune in the Depression era.
In his 1981 book, "Hidden Hollywood", Hollywood historian Richard Lamparski reported that Francis entertained "married men and movie stars world-famous for their sexual attractiveness." Regular customers at the "House of Francis" included Jean Harlow, who visited the house and paid Francis $500 to take customers home with her. Francis' prostitutes and customers reportedly "complained about Harlow's rough sexual appetite." Clark Gable, Errol Flynn, and Spencer Tracy were also regular customers, and the "fixers" often had to retrieve the ill-tempered Tracy from the establishment. The MGM studio was reported to have maintained a business charge account at the brothel under an assumed name.
Francis reportedly paid 40% of her profits to police and politicians, and occasional vice squad "raids" reportedly resulted in no arrests, as police were greeted with cash, Russian caviar and French champagne. However, in 1940, Francis was arrested in a police raid and convicted of operating a house of ill repute. Upon her arrest, Francis reportedly told the arresting officer, "You are a sly one you are. In 31 years in business, this is the first time anyone ever got me."
Years of decline.
From the 1940s through the 1970s, the building changed hands many times and fell into decline. The "Los Angeles Times" reported in 1983 that the decline of the building "roughly paralleled the decline of Hollywood," and the building had an "unremarkable history" in the 1950s and 1960s. The sales of the building during this period include the following:
Rod Stewart years.
Rock star Rod Stewart purchased the building in the late 1970s along with partner Barry Monzio. Stewart invested or loaned more than $1.6 million to convert the blighted and deserted building into a European-style luxury hotel. As the costs escalated, Stewart and Monzio became engaged in a bitter legal dispute, and the renovation work was halted. Monzio sued in 1980, accusing Stewart of trying to squeeze him out. Stewart counterclaimed for dissolution of the partnership, and Stewart became the sole owner of the building after settling the suit with Monzio.
In April 1982, Stewart was robbed at gunpoint upon leaving the building in broad daylight with his three-year-old daughter. The gunman stole Stewart's Porsche Carrera.
In July 1983, the Coronet, which was vacant at the time, was nearly destroyed in a fire. The interior of the building was completely gutted, and the exterior was charred. Investigators believed the fire was set intentionally, because it started in three places, and its rapid spread suggested it had been "boosted" with a flammable liquid. Some reports blamed the fire on "vagrants" living in the building.
Historic designation and architecture.
The building was designed in an Italian Renaissance revival style, described by some as "reminiscent of a classic Italian villa." After the building was nearly destroyed by fire in 1983, the Los Angeles Conservancy led an effort to have the building designated as a historic site. The Conservancy's executive director, Ruthann Lehrer, noted: "The building is a beauty ... You find period revival buildings in a variety of places, but this one is really palatial. It's like a European palace." The application to have the building added to the National Register of Historic Places noted its ornamented cream-and-tan plaster facade, its "grand entrance stairway and fountain, elaborate cast-stone decorations and arched entryway." The building also retains original antique Italian marble and stonework, plaster edifices and wrought iron. The building was added to the National Register in December 1983.
Piazza del Sol.
Before the 1983 fire, San Francisco-based Westcap Financial Group had agreed to purchase the building for $4.2 million, and Westcap went forward with the acquisition despite the fire. Westcap converted the space into of luxury office space, and changed the building's name to the Piazza del Sol. In 1986, the West Hollywood Chamber of Commerce honored the remodeled building with an architectural award. The building's leasing agent states that the Piazza del Sol is a "Class A Office Building" offering a full range of office spaces from to full floor, spaces. The Piazza del Sol houses the offices of several movie production companies, including Miramax Films, and The Film Department.
The celebrity-owned restaurant Katana Robata & Sushi Bar is also located within the building. Katana, partly owned by Ryan Seacrest and Tori Spelling, serves "rustic Japanese fare" and sushi in a "sci-fi-inspired decor." Katana was described by "Newsweek" in 2004 as "so hip it hurts." "Newsweek" suggested that the visitor to Katana "wear disaffected black and sit among the beautiful people outside on a veranda overlooking the bustle of Sunset Strip."

</doc>
<doc id="20337465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337465" title="White Van Music">
White Van Music

White Van Music is the debut album of hip-hop producer Jake One. The album is entirely produced by Jake One and features appearances by rappers such as Freeway, DOOM, Brother Ali, Young Buck, and co-executive producer and label head Slug.

</doc>
<doc id="20337483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337483" title="Loznani">
Loznani

Loznani () is a village in the Republic of Macedonia. It is located in the Mogila municipality near the city of Bitola. 
Origin of name.
Loznani as mentioned in 1467 by an Ottoman the main features sighted in Loznani were the large presence of vineyards and swine, thus due to the large amount of vineyards in this village the villagers named it Loznani after the Maceedonian word for vineyard being "Lozar or Loznica", hence the name Loznani.
Location and demographics.
Loznani is a small village located next to the Crna Reka (Black River) in the southern state of Bitola, but in the municipality of Mogila. The village is located in the central part of the Pelagonian valley, next to "Selačka Planina" (Village mountain, 777 m). Loznani is located 22 kilometres from Bitola and 19 kilometres from Prilep at 590–640 metres above sea level. The village is surrounded by mountains on both sides which exceed to 2200 metres. Loznani's coordinates are Longitude: 21 ° 24' 14" East Latitude: 41° 12' 28" North. The first mention of the village is in an Ottoman defter of 1467-8, which records seventy-four households and the presence of vineyards and swine. The population of Loznani as of 2002 was 185, all of whom were Macedonians.
Economy.
The economy of Loznani is primarily agricultural. Produce includes tobacco, milk (both sheep and cow), meats, and sunflower oil and seeds. A number of vineyards produce a quality wine. The largest agricultural export is wheat which is processed in the local mill.
The area of the village is 9 square kilometres. 563 hectares are arable, 215 hectares are grazing land, and 32 hectares are bush.
Climate.
The climate of Loznani, located in the Pelagonian Valley, brings air from the Mediterranean, creating a Mediterranean climate. Summers temperatures are hot, reaching 40 degrees Celsius with little rain. Winters are Continental, reaching -20 degrees with heavy precipitation.
Sport.
Loznani is active in Soccer with its own national A league soccer team "FK Hajduk Loznani" "()"
Other sports include small and rarely big game hunting, swimming, fishing, basketball and many more.
Attractions.
Loznani offers many attractions to tourist which include:

</doc>
<doc id="20337490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337490" title="Canon de 16 Gribeauval">
Canon de 16 Gribeauval

The Canon de 16 Gribeauval was a French cannon and part of the Gribeauval system developed by Jean Baptiste Vaquette de Gribeauval. It was part of the siege artillery.
The canon de 16 Gribeauval was used extensively during the wars following the French Revolution, as well as the Napoleonic wars. 
Some of the earlier Gribeauval siege guns kept the baroque "dolphin" design for the handles.

</doc>
<doc id="20337502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337502" title="John Sparks (Oklahoma politician)">
John Sparks (Oklahoma politician)

John Sparks is the Oklahoma Senator representing District 16, which includes portions of Cleveland and McClain counties, since 2006. Sparks having grown up on a ranch outside of Sulphur, Oklahoma has paid special attention to matters affecting ranching. The Oklahoma Cattleman's Association named him the legislator of the year on the part of his work. Sparks made headline in late 2009 when he proposed a "Second Amendment Weekend." that would make handguns and rifles tax free. He was re-elected in 2010 defeating Sharon Parker 10,507 to 9,460 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="20337537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337537" title="Peter Neilson">
Peter Neilson

Peter Neilson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20337566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337566" title="Ashley Fickling">
Ashley Fickling

Ashley Fickling(born November 15, 1972 in Sheffield, England) is an English former footballer who played between 1991 and 2002 notably for Grimsby Town. He also had spells with Sheffield United, Darlington, Scunthorpe United and Scarborough. He is now the first team Physiotherapist for Sheffield Wednesday.
Playing career.
Fickling started his career at his home town club of Sheffield United. He struggled to make an impact at Bramall Lane and made only six appearances in total between 1991 and 1995, incidentally none of them were league games. While with United, Fickling spent two spells on loan with Darlington.
In March 1995 he signed on a free transfer with fellow English First Division club Grimsby Town. While at the club, he struggled to make an impact under managers Brian Laws and Alan Buckley, and following another loan with Darlington, he was released and signed for Scunthorpe United in May 1998.
Fickling remained with The Iron until 2001, where he moved briefly to play for Scarborough before retiring from the game due to injury problems.
Physiotherapist.
Upon retirement, Fickling trained to be a sports physiotherapist, completing his Bachelor's degree at the University of Salford and joined Sheffield Wednesday in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20337595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337595" title="Joe Sweeden">
Joe Sweeden

Joe Loyd Sweeden is the Oklahoma Senator representing District 10, which includes Kay, Osage, Pawnee and Payne counties, since 2006. He currently serves as the Democratic Whip. He previously served in the Oklahoma House of Representatives from 1999 through 2006.
External links.
Thomas Howell is a cousin if Joe Sweeden

</doc>
<doc id="20337600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337600" title="The Californian (Bob Schneider album)">
The Californian (Bob Schneider album)

The Californian is the fourth solo album by Bob Schneider, released on August 8, 2006.
The album is offered in CD format or as a download from the iTunes Music Store. The album was removed from iTunes in 2012 but brought back in 2013. No reason was given for its removal.

</doc>
<doc id="20337653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337653" title="Lei Jia">
Lei Jia

Lei Jia (, born October 19, 1979 in Yiyang, Hunan) is a Chinese folk soprano and a Chinese national class one performer.
Biography.
She graduated from the drama department of Hunan Vocational College of Art in 1997 specializing in Huaguxi. In 2002, she graduated from the China Conservatory of Music with a Bachelor of Arts degree in vocal performance. She then joined the Song and Dance Troupe of the General Political Department (GPD) of the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) as a soprano soloist. Lei Jia also completed her postgraduate program in art management from the Peking University in 2006, and vocal performance postgraduate program of the People's Liberation Army Art Institute in 2009.
Lei Jia has won many awards in national vocal competitions including first place in the 2003 “Jin Zhong Jiang”, a prestigious award for the musical professionals in China. In 2004, she won first place professional folk soloist in the 11th National Youth TV singing competition. She was awarded one of the top 10 new singers in 2005 by CCTV. In 2008, Lei Jia was awarded best female folk singer in the 9th CCTV-MTV music fest.
Lei Jia has visited over twenty countries to participate in various cultural exchange activities and help introducing Chinese folk music to the world. In the prelude leading to the 2008 Beijing Summer Olympics, Lei Jia participated in "The Songs of the 56 Chinese Nationalities Music Torch Relay". This was a unique project that included a compilation of fifty-six folk songs from the fifty-six ethnic groups of China. Lei Jia was given the role of lead singer in this event. At the 2008 Summer Olympics closing ceremony in Beijing, Lei Jia performed a Chinese folk song, ""The Moon is Bright Tonight"", along with six other female vocalists. In late 2008, Lei Jia was invited as a special guest to perform in the recital concert of Wang Hongwei, a well-known Chinese folk tenor, at the famous Golden Hall of the Musikverein in Vienna, Austria. On 1 October 2009 at Tiananmen Square in Beijing, Lei Jia and Dai Yuqiang sang during the grand parade celebrating the 60th anniversary of the People's Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="20337701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337701" title="Buddhist poetry">
Buddhist poetry

Buddhist poetry is a genre of literature that forms a part of Buddhist discourse. 
The first examples of Buddhist poetry can be found in traditional scriptures such as the "Dhammapada", according to which, Siddhārtha Gautama (the founder of Buddhism), upon his reaching enlightenment, proclaimed:
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
Through the round of many births I roamed
without reward,
seeking the house-builder.
Painful is birth
House-builder, you're seen!
You will not build a house again.
All your rafters broken,
the ridge pole destroyed,
gone to the Unformed, the mind
has come to the end of craving.
</poem>
Traditionally, most Buddhist sutras have a prose component supplemented by verses (known as "gatha") that reiterate and poetically summarize the themes of preceding prose passages. Gatha functions as a mnemonic device helping the Buddhist practitioner commit to memory a certain doctrinal maxim. And in fact, the earliest extant forms of Buddhist discourse appear in verse, which is hardly surprising, considering that the texts were not originally written, but memorized. Linguistic analysis shows that the prose component of the sutras is likely to have been modified by later editing, while the poems often contain earlier forms of language. This view is confirmed by Japanese Buddhist scholar Hajime Nakamura, who states that the verse components of the Pali Canon actually predate the prose components, the former being a way of facilitating memorization, as the Pali Canon was transmitted orally for the first 300 or so years. 
Current Buddhology generally maintains that even the liturgical scriptures are products of literary composition. Hence, the study of Buddhist text in general and Buddhist poetry in particular cannot be disengaged from the literary field. But for the sake of classification it is useful to distinguish between
This article concerns primarily with the latter.
Buddhist poetry in Asia.
A typical example of a Buddhist poet is Monk Aśvaghoṣa who used his poetic talent and education in Brahmanic tradition to compose poetry on various Buddhist themes, e.g. the life of the Buddha, the "Buddhacarita".
Buddhist poetry – like the bulk of the scriptures produced by Buddhists – is not limited to compositions in Pali and Sanskrit; it has flourished in practically every language that Buddhists speak.
In medieval Japan, Buddhist poetry was accorded a special status of a separate genre within the corpus of the waka collections.
Japanese Buddhist Poetry.
1. The earliest extant collection of the Japanese poetry, the "Man'yōshū", contains a preface (Jp. "jo" 序 or "daishi" 題詞) to two poems on the love of parents towards their children:
"Sakyamuni expounds truthfully from his golden mouth, 'I love all things equally, the way I love my child, Rahula.' He also teaches that 'no love is greater than the love for ones child.' Even the greatest of saints cherishes his child. Who, then, among the living creatures of this world could fail to love children claimed as one's own?" There are several prefaces and poems in the "Man'yōshū" that mention the name of Buddha Śākyamuni (Jp. Shaka Nyorai 釋迦如来 /an honorific title of Siddhārtha Gautama), Buddhist temples (Jp. "tera" 寺), monks and nuns. 
2. Among the treasures of Yakushi-ji Temple in Nara there are stone blocks dating from the Nara period modeled as "the footsteps" of the Buddha (Jp. "Bussokuseki" 佛足石). These blocks contain poems in "man'yōgana" that may be considered the oldest Buddhist "waka" (Japanese language poems) known to date.　These poems are usually referred to as "bussokusekika" (lit. "poems on stone imprints of Buddha's feet": 仏足石歌). Consider the following example:
Both examples above have one trait in common. Namely, the focus on the physical characteristics of the Buddha is prominent: "the golden mouth" of the Buddha in the "Man'yoshu" and the "feet of the Buddha" in the stone inscriptions relate to the marks of perfection of the Buddha's body / speech (Skt. "mahāpuruṣa", lit. of "a great person").
In the Heian period, Buddhist poetry began to be anthologized in the Imperial Anthologies (Jp. "chokusenshū" 勅選集. Among the 21 Imperial Anthologies, 19 contain Buddhist "tanka" (lit. short "waka") starting with the "Shūi Wakashū", compiled between 1005 and 1007 C.E.
The first Imperial Anthology to treat Buddhist tanka as a separate genre, i.e. shakkyōka （lit. "Poems of Śākyamuni's Teaching": 釈教歌）, is the "Senzai Wakashū", which has an exclusive section dedicated to the Buddhist Poems in Volume 19 (第十九巻).
Among the most famous poets who wrote shakkyōka are:
Saigyō;
Jakuren;
Kamo no Chōmei;
Fujiwara no Shunzei;
Jien;
Nōin;
Dōgen, Ton'a, etc. Many of the so-called "Thirty-six Poetry Immortals" wrote Buddhist poetry.
Shakkyōka can be subdivided according to the ten following motifs:
These motifs are not mutually exclusive and are very often combined within a given poem.
One of the most famous collections of Japanese tanka of the Kamakura period, the "Hyakunin Isshu" contains several shakkyōka, for instance Poem 95, by Jien (also anthologized in the Senzai Wakashū: 巻十七, 雑中, No. 1137):
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
うき世の民に 
わがたつそまに 
Unworthy though I am, 
I cast my black robe of a monk 
Upon this suffering world, 
Living here
On the Mount of Timber.
</poem>
In later periods, as tanka was slowly being overshadowed by "renga" and haiku – the two poetic forms that derived from tanka – such famous poets as "the seven worthies of renga", (Jp. "renga shichiken" 連歌七賢) of the Muromachi period, Sōgi, and still later, Matsuo Bashō, Kobayashi Issa, among many others, carried on the tradition of Buddhist poetry with their compositions.
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
奈良には古き
Kiku no ka ya
Nara ni wa furuki
Hotoketachi
In the city of Nara
Fragrance of chrysanthemums;
Buddhas of yore.
Bashō
</poem> 
The nostalgic feeling of the ancient capital, Nara – interspersed with the scent of chrysanthemums (symbol of Japanese monarchy) and the old Buddha statues – captures well the aesthetic ideals of "sabi" and "yūgen" in this famous haiku. Although these three lines appear to be a mere utterance of almost prosaic quality, the imagery invoked is far from simplistic. Buddhas, emperors, passage of time, the ethereal beauty of flowers that presents itself obliquely, i.e., appealing to scent rather than sight – all suggest that the poet sought to use language as a medium of condensed imagery to map an immediate experience, whose richness can only be read in the blanks.
<poem style="margin-left: 2em">
tsuyu no yo wa tsuyu no yo nagara sari nagara
This world of dew
is just a world of dew,
and yet...
Issa
</poem>
Here the poet uses the image of evanescence of our world, the dewdrop – one of the classical allegories of the Buddhist teaching – to express grief caused by the death of his daughter. In theory, Buddhism teaches its followers to regard all the vicissitudes of life as transitory and ephemeral, akin to magic apparitions without substance or dewdrops soon to evaporate under the sun. Yet, a father's loss of his child is more than reason can counter.
Buddhist poetry and modernity.
As Japan reached the era of industrialized modernity, many of the poets of the Meiji period started to experiment with the European styles of poetic composition. Some poets, notably Miyazawa Kenji – a devout Buddhist, who expressed his convictions in his poetry and fiction – often composed poems with Buddhist overtones. His "Ame ni mo Makezu" (雨ニモマケズ) is known to practically every Japanese today. Miyazawa Kenji revered the "Lotus Sutra" 妙法蓮華經, which lent its theme to the poem (Chapter 14: "Peaceful and Joyous Deeds" / Jp. "Anrakugyō" 安楽行). 
A Modern Indian Sanskrit poet, Vanikavi Dr. Manomohan Acharya wrote Sri Gautama Buddha Panchakam in simple and lucid Sanskrit through lyrical style. Ultimately, everyone who learns Japanese today would be familiar with the "Iroha" poem. Originally written in "man'yōgana" and attributed to Kūkai, this Buddhist poem contains every "kana" precisely once, and is learned in Japanese primary schools mainly for this reason. Many old-style Japanese dictionaries adhere to the "Iroha" order.

</doc>
<doc id="20337735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337735" title="Isle au Haut Light">
Isle au Haut Light

Isle Au Haut Light, also called Robinson Point Light, is a lighthouse located at Robinson Point in Isle au Haut, Maine. The lighthouse was established in 1907.
History.
The lighthouse tower and surrounding buildings at Isle au Haut Light Station were built in 1907 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers
at a site at Robinson Point purchased from Charles E. Robinson.
The lighthouse tower was built slightly offshore, standing tall and consisting of a white granite and brick cylindrical upper section on a conical granite block foundation.
The keeper's quarters are a two-and-a-half-story frame and stucco Victorian house connected to the tower by a catwalk.
A boathouse, oil house, and storage shed were also built at the station.
The lighthouse was automated in 1934 and the government sold the property except the tower back to Robinson. The Robinson family used the property as a summer home until they sold it to Jeff and Judi Burke in 1986. The Burkes converted the keeper's quarters into a bed and breakfast called "The Keeper's House," which they operated until 2007.
Isle au Haut Light was added to the National Register of Historic Places as "Isle au Haut Light Station" in 1988. The Coast Guard transferred the lighthouse to the Town of Isle au Haut in 1998 under the Maine Lights Program and the tower was completely restored in 1999.
The lighthouse remains in service as of 2008. The current optic for the light is a solar-powered lens which flashes red every four seconds with a white sector covering the safe channel.
The original fourth order Fresnel lens is at the Maine Lighthouse Museum in Rockland, Maine.

</doc>
<doc id="20337742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337742" title="Sinocrassula">
Sinocrassula

The name "Sinocrassula" means "Chinese crassula". They comes from the province Yunnan in the south of China, and also from the north of Burma. They grow at an altitude between 2.500 and 2.700 m
Description.
"Sinocrassula" presents rosettes of thin fleshy triangular brown leaves. The plants are up to 20 cm height.
They develop dense clumps. Sometimes, "Sinocrassula" shows monstrous forms.
The inflorescence is a dense panicle up to 10-15cm with whitish flowers and red-tipped petals.
Cultivation.
They need a well drained soil, a sunny or light shadow exposure. They bear more shadowing place but grow less. They require moderate watering with very little in winter. In a temperate climate, plants can be outside.
Division of plants and pruning are the easiest ways of multiplication. Seeding is also possible.

</doc>
<doc id="20337753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337753" title="Rahul Raj encounter">
Rahul Raj encounter

The Police encounter of "Rahul Raj Kundan Prasad Singh" , a youth from Patna, Bihar, took place on 27 October 2008, aboard a BEST bus in Mumbai, India. Raj was killed in the shootout with the police after he held a bus with 12 passengers hostage in suburban Kurla. The Mumbai police alleged that he wanted to assassinate the MNS chief, Raj Thackeray. The incident sparked fierce criticism of the police and discussions nationwide, especially from the Bihar politicians. The incident was also seen as a rise of Bihari sub-nationalism to counter the agitation against migrants from Uttar Pradesh and Bihar by MNS.
Shooting Incident.
On 27 October 2008, Rahul Raj, a 25-year-old man from Patna, boarded a double decker city bus route No. 332 plying between Kurla and Andheri at Saki Naka stop around 10 am and went to the upper deck. Rahul, wielding a country made revolver, had taken control of the bus and injured one passenger. He was protesting against the attacks on north Indian candidates appearing for a railway examination recently. He also wanted to talk to the Mumbai Police Commissioner and media. The three key eyewitnesses, including the bus conductor, have told the crime branch that Bhagat, the injured passenger, was injured by Rahul Raj's bullet.
Rahul reportedly said that he was not there to harm passengers but instead wanted to ‘kill Raj Thackeray’.According to senior inspector, Dadasaheb Godse, Vinoba Bhave station, Kurla, Raj shouted 
"I want to kill Raj Thackeray. I have nothing against the passengers. Don’t shoot me.”.
"Law enforcement officials may use force only when strictly necessary and to the extent required for the performance of their duty."
ACP Sadanand Date a highly decorated police officer overseeing the operation (who was later seriously injured and attracted international attention during the November 2008 Mumbai attacks because of his actions resisting terrorists at the Cama and Albless Hospital ), later told reporters that Rahul Raj had fired upon the police & also shot a hostage passenger. Hence the police had to fire in retaliation.
Reactions and protests.
The Deputy Chief Minister R. R. Patil, who also heads the home department of the state, justified the police action against Rahul Raj, saying: "I fully justify the police action. If someone is firing at the police, they will not be silent spectators. Police opened fire at Rahul Raj only after he refused to surrender or hand over his revolver to the police. The police had no option but to fire at him".
The killing of Rahul Raj sparked a row between the politicians of Bihar and Maharashtra with several parties demanding a judicial probe into the incident. The father of Rahul Raj, K.P. Singh, earlier said he would appeal to President of India Pratibha Patil for justice. Unable to meet President Pratibha Patil to seek justice, he planned to file a writ petition in the supreme court and seek justice from National Human Rights Commission (NHRC).
Railway Minister Lalu Prasad Yadav, also from the state of Bihar, joined hands with his archrivals Nitish Kumar and Ram Vilas Paswan to condemn the killing of Bihari youth Rahul Raj and demanded action. According to Lalu, the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had assured him of taking proper action in the matter. Former Delhi Police chief and the current Nagaland Governor Nikhil Kumar (then a MP from Bihar) also heavily criticised the police action. JD(U) MPs from Bihar resigned to protest Rahul Raj's murder. The move came after one of the doctors doing post-mortem claimed that one of the bullets that hit him may have been fired from close range. However, the autopsy report on Rahul Raj revealed that he had been shot from a distance of 4 metres. The Lok Sabha speaker Somnath Chatterjee have accepted the resignation of five Janata Dal (United) MPs' resignation Though the Maharashtra government offered a compensation of Rs 2 lakh to the youth's family, however, the relatives turned down the offer. The MNS general secretary Shirish Parkar accused the ruling Congress and NCP parties trying to appease both Marathis and North Indians and their leaders.
Some of the reactions of eminent people on the incident are as follows:
Laloo Yadav later tried to encash this incident politically by getting the father of Rahul Raj to campaign for him.
The Supreme court on November 10, 2008, refused a judicial inquiry in the encounter of Rahul Raj.
Investigation and Court cases.
The investigation into the incident has been handed over to the Mumbai crime branch. Another high level probe has been ordered by the Maharashtra government which is conducted by Maharashtra chief secretary Johny Joseph. When Maharashtra chief secretary Johny Joseph recently visited the hospital to record Manoj Bhagat's statement, the injured man was unable to recall the incident and the sequence of events. Bhagat was shot at by Rahul Raj.
A Public Interest Litigation was filed in the apex court to seeks judicial probe into the killings of Rahul Raj. Supreme Court issued a notice to the Maharashtra government asking it to respond to allegations of violence against north Indians by MNS workers. The court, however, turned down the plea for a judicial probe into the controversial encounter death of Rahul Raj.

</doc>
<doc id="20337756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337756" title="Carlton Trail Railway">
Carlton Trail Railway

The Carlton Trail Railway is a shortline railway with its headquarters in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan. It is operated by OmniTRAX, an American transportation company in Denver, Colorado. Carlton Trail has been operating on ex-Canadian National track since Dec 8, 1997; however, after the acquisition of the branch line CTRW also purchased from CN the Birch Hills-Fenton-Prince Albert branch line in 2001. Since the closure of the pulp mill in 2006, Carlton Trail has typically adhered to a schedule of twice weekly rail service, hauling approximately 2000 carloads per year. According to OmniTrax president Darcy Brede, when the mill reopens in 2014, the railway will begin six days a week service, hauling approximately 3000 carloads a year. 
Shortline railways.
Over the past several decades many branch lines on the prairies have been discontinued as they have not proved cost effective for the two Federally regulated rail lines, Canadian National Railway & Canadian Pacific Railway. Often these lines carry grain or ship from mills in the north, shortlines help to fill the gap and continue to provide the service of rail. In recent years Saskatchewan has seen a large influx of shortline railways as the two Class 1s find it difficult to draw a profit from remote locations. Many shortline railways cannot afford the maintenance work the lines desperately need and often need financial assistance from the Provincial Government.
History.
The Carlton Trail was originally an overland transportation route connecting Winnipeg and Fort Edmonton during the early 19th Century and the latter days of the fur trade in the Northwest Territories. The Carlton Trail cut its way into what is now Saskatchewan southeast of Melville, headed in a northwesterly route towards Batoche; where the trail crossed the South Saskatchewan River and then towards Fort Carlton. The trail continued on past Fort Carlton along the northern banks of the North Saskatchewan River for another 980 km to Fort Pitt and finally terminating at Fort Edmonton. OmniTRAX had decided during the inception of the new shortline, that it should be named after this famous trading route; hence the name of the railway being Carlton Trail Railway. 
Much of the southern portion of Carlton Trail Railway's Speers Subdivision straddles the proximity of the original Carlton Trail; which would have followed the North Saskatchewan River towards the Battlefords. Carlton Trail Railway had originally taken control of the Warman subdivision and the Speers subdivision. At Warman Carlton Trail transfers onto CN and has limited trackage rights into CN's Saskatoon Chappelle Yard. The Speers subdivision extends from the Speers Jct north on both former Canadian National and Canadian Pacific rail line until it reaches Meadow Lake. 
The Speers subdivision proved problematic due to past neglect, and on October 7, 2008 Carlton Trail gave notice that it was discontinuing rail services to Meadow Lake on April 1, 2009. Carlton Trail continues to own the Meadow Lake Branch, but has made no indication that operations will start up anytime soon. Many rural communities however have taken interest in the line and recent discussions indicate it could be purchased by the local Rural Municipalities, under the name "North Central Rail". As of November, 2010 North Central Rail Ltd and OmniTRAX have yet to reach a tentive agreement in the transfer of ownership of the Speers Subdivision. According to Ray Wilfing, chair of NCR Ltd., OmniTRAX has delyed the sale of the line by not responding to North Central's formal offer in August 2009. North Central Rail lodged a negotiating in bad faith complaint with the Highway Traffic Board in December 2009 in order to pressure OmniTRAX to return to the table to discuss the offer. OmniTRAX was given a deadline of February 15, 2010 to come up with a reasonable response to the offer for the rail line. On the 15th of February, OmniTRAX responded with a counteroffer that was well beyond what North Central Rail could afford. On July 16, 2010 OmniTRAX put the Speers Subdivision up for sale for 11.2 million dollars, a price the Rural Municipality of Meadow Lake along with 17 other municipalities would like a justification for. 
On January 17, 2001 CTR purchased the line between Prince Albert and Birch Hills (40.87 km), though this line is rarely if ever used as it serves no economical purpose. CTR also briefly controlled the Arborfield branch line when CN placed it up for sale. Due to the long distance between the Aborfield subdivision and head offices in Prince Albert, CTR placed the line up for sale and later sold it to Arborfield Thunder Rail Ltd..
Colours and Symbol.
Carlton Trail's symbol is the Prairie Lily that grows abundantly in the fields and ditches in and around Prince Albert. The primary colours for the railway are green and yellow, the two primary colours synonymous with Saskatchewan and are present on both the Saskatchewan Provincial flag and the Prince Albert municipal flag. All engines in CTRW livery bear the lily, but are also similar to sister railways of Hudson Bay Railway and the now defunct Okanagan Valley Railway, in that the striping on the engines is the same except for colour. One possible reason for this is the constant exchange of motive power between OmniTRAX rail lines and the cost behind painting each engine a specific livery. Ironically, the only M420 ever painted in CTRW livery suffered a diesel fuel fire when the fuel return line leaked into the engine compartment, even after it was not reconmended to be run. The engine was severely damaged outside of North Battleford and was shipped to Prince Albert to be scrapped. Due to the increased cost of painting each new engine, CTRW has now resorted to patching over the reporting mark of the former railway.
Customers.
Since the closure of Weyerhaeuser Pulp & Paper Mill in Prince Albert Carlton Trail's loads have considerably gotten smaller as they have less to haul. Their primary customer in Prince Albert is the Viterra Inland Terminal, in White Star, but also serve Carrier Lumber, transport steel for a local business and serve Belle Pulses within the community of Duck Lake. Agriculture products include wheat, barley, canola, peas, flax and oats. In recent years Carlton Trail has begun to store rolling stock belonging to Class I railways. Much of the rolling stock stored along the shortline are Liquefied Petroleum Gas from the gas fields of Alberta. Carlton Trail has also serves many northern communities by hauling calcium chloride into Prince Albert where Tiger Calcium Services constructed a distribution centre located on the south side of the rail yards. Calcium chloride is used to reduce the amount of dust created on grid roads.
Post CN Era.
Prince Albert's CN rail yard has gone through severe attrition since the 1990s; having lost the scale house, sanding tower, bulk fuel tanks, CN station (now a strip mall) and many other rail related buildings. Since 1991 branchlines in the Prince Albert area began to disappear, including the abandonment of the Canadian Pacific Railway yard. Carlton Trail however began reusing the roundhouse and turntable shortly after purchasing the Canadian National line. The roundhouse provides cover for their equipment and engines (CN would leave their engines outside next to the roundhouse). Carlton Trail continues to repair cars that have been damaged during derailments along their line. In recent years, larger shortline railways have removed oddball motive power, such as ALCO and MLW units from their roster; as such Carlton Trail now strictly operates used EMD units that they have purchased. Currently the only operational engines are three GP10s that run between Saskatoon & Prince Albert.

</doc>
<doc id="20337764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337764" title="Jacques de Baerze">
Jacques de Baerze

Jacques de Baerze (active before 1384, died after 1399) was a Flemish sculptor in wood, two of whose major carved altarpieces survive in Dijon, now in France, then the capital of the Duchy of Burgundy. 
De Baerze probably came from Ghent, and lived in Dendermonde (Termonde in French) some thirty kilometres away, which is also not far from Antwerp and Brussels. He was clearly a well-established master before the death in January 1384 of the local ruler, Louis II of Flanders, Duke of Brabant, as two commissions from Louis to produce carved altarpieces are recorded, though the works have not survived. These were for the chapel of the castle of Dendermonde, and the hospice of the Cistercian abbey of Bijloke, then just outside Ghent. 
These works were noticed by Philip the Bold, Duke of Burgundy, Louis' son-in-law and successor as Count of Flanders. In 1385 Philip had founded a Carthusian monastery, the Charterhouse of Champmol, then just outside Dijon, as the dynastic burial-place of the Burgundian Valois, and was filling it with impressive works of art. In 1390, he commissioned de Baerze to create two similar altarpieces for Champmol: one, now known as the "Altar of Saints and Martyrs" for the chapter house, and the larger, now known as the "Retable of the Crucifixion", for the main altar of the church. Both are triptychs with hinged wings, carved on the interior, but the exterior panels, showing when the wings were closed, were to be painted by his court artist Melchior Broederlam (another Fleming who also previously worked for Louis) — a common arrangement for a grand altarpiece. These painted outer panels only survive for the larger of the two retables. The triptychs would normally be shown closed, displaying the paintings, but opened to show the carvings for feast days.
The iconography of the two artists' elements was designed to complement each other, with a painted sequence of scenes from the "Infancy of Christ" and within, carved scenes of the "Adoration of the Magi", the "Crucifixion" in the centre, and the "Entombment of Christ", flanked by saints on the inside of the side-panels. Above there is elaborate Gothic tracery with small figures of saints and angels. The whole of both works is either gilded or painted. The "Altar of Saints and Martyrs" is 159 cm high, and 252 cm wide with the wings open. For the "Retable of the Crucifixion" the equivalent figures are 167 cm and 252 cm. 
The retables were transported to Dijon from Dendermonde in August 1391, but were returned to Flanders a year later. There, the painting and gilding was finished by Broederlam at his studio in Ypres; guild regulations usually mandated that the carving and painting or guilding were performed by members of different guilds. They were returned to Champmol, approved by a committee including Claus Sluter, and installed by the end of 1399, after which de Baerze disappears from documented records. 
The altarpieces were moved after the French Revolution to the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Dijon, along with the Broederlam panels, which now, unlike at the time of their creation, receive more attention than the carvings, as they are of great significance in the development of Early Netherlandish painting, and painting is generally of greater interest to modern art historians than sculpture. De Baerze's two retables are probably the earliest Netherlandish examples to survive complete, although there were evidently many more such works in existence by this date, and the form probably developed first in the Low Countries. With hardly any works from the period to compare to those in Dijon, it is hard to assess the originality of de Baerze, or his place in the tradition, though he clearly participates in the International Gothic style of the period. Presumably most of his work was for local churches and religious houses. In fact the iconoclasm after the Reformation was so destructive of Netherlandish wood-carved altars that only a few fragments survive there from the following eighty years, while Germany has many examples. 
Other smaller carvings attributed to de Baerze survive, including the 28 cm high figure from an altar crucifix which formed part of the Champmol commission, now in the Art Institute of Chicago, and a "St George" in the Mimara Museum in Zagreb. 

</doc>
<doc id="20337772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337772" title="Earl Garrison">
Earl Garrison

Earl Garrison is an Oklahoma Senator from District 9, which includes Muskogee and Wagoner counties, having served in that position since 2005. He succeed long-time State Senator Ben Robinson of Muskogee after Senator Robinson was prevented from seeking reelection due to term limits placed on him by the Oklahoma Constitution.

</doc>
<doc id="20337795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337795" title="Finnish minelayer Keihässalmi">
Finnish minelayer Keihässalmi

Keihässalmi (pennant number "05") was a minelayer of the Finnish Navy. She was commissioned in 1957 and remained in service until 1994, after which she was turned into a museum ship in Turku. The vessel was named after the strait of Keihässalmi, which is located in Sipoo. "Keihässalmi" was the first Finnish minelayer to be constructed after World War II.
"Keihässalmi" was designed according to lessons learned from the "Ruotsinsalmi" class minelayers, but with increased size and tonnage. It was stronger, more seaworthy and faster than its predecessor. The construction took place from 1956 to 1957 at the Valmet Oy shipyard in Helsinki. The sinking of the minelayer "Riilahti" in 1943 had left a big gap in Finnish mine warfare capabilities, and a new vessel was needed. It would last until the mid-1950s before this was addressed, due to the harsh after-war conditions and war-payments which included a large number of ships to be constructed at Finnish shipyards.
The "Keihässalmi" was fitted with almost all weapons systems available to the Finnish Navy (except torpedoes), although she primarily was a minelayer and minesweeper. "Keihässalmi" was launched on 16 March 1957 and the vessel remained the largest vessel of the Finnish Navy until 1962, when the frigate "Matti Kurki" was purchased. It was also used as a sort of test-bed for multiple systems. At one point a 75 mm gun was fitted to the ship, as the Finnish Navy lacked designated gunships. The ship was also used for training, and was sent out on trips every sailing season. The "Keihässalmi" was cheap to operate and required a low complement (important as the Finnish Navy had a manpower restriction), but the vessel proved itself over the decades. The ship underwent repairs and refitting from 1975 until 1981, when its seaworthiness was improved by the installment of ballast tanks. The forward mine section was slightly modified to allow the vessel travel in high seas. The weaponry was modernized and the gunlaying was now radar-guided. "Keihässalmi" was the flagship of the Finnish Navy and she made many visits to other countries in the 1960s. She was the official school ship of the navy from 1975 until 1979, awaiting the replacement for the "Matti Kurki". "Keihässalmi" was retired and turned into a museum ship in 1994. She is currently on display at the Forum Marinum museum in Turku.

</doc>
<doc id="20337836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337836" title="Roger Ballenger">
Roger Ballenger

Roger Ballenger is an American politician in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. He serves in the Oklahoma Senate, representing District 8, which includes McIntosh, Okfuskee, Okmulgee and Tulsa counties, since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20337861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337861" title="Calumpang River">
Calumpang River

"This article refers to a river. For the Calumpang Peninsula, see Mabini, Batangas."
Calumpang River (Filipino: Ilog Calumpang) is a perennial body of water with a catchment area of approximately 472 km2 (182.2 sq. mi) situated east of the Province of Batangas, Philippines. The river itself forms the southeastern boundary of Poblacion, Batangas City as it continues to flow southward to Batangas Bay at an approximately point of east of Batangas Port.
In March 2006 a study conducted by the University of Batangas reported some fish and shrimp species on the river itself were now at risk of heavy metal contamination showing an evidence of the worsening effect of water pollution in the Calumpang river.
There are numerous bridges situated throughout the river, some are located in Rosario, Taysan and Ibaan, Batangas. Two other bridges are situated in Batangas City: "Calumpang Bridge" and the "Bridge of Promise." However, the latter collapsed on October 31, 2009, leaving 2 dead after Typhoon Mirinae (Santi) left Southern Luzon. The collapsed of this bridge caused some public transportation vehicles to change their routes that eventually resulted to a major traffic jams in Batangas City. On late June 16, 2010, the Bridge of Promise was reopened again for service after construction for repair was finally finished.
In Local Culture.
Legend has it that during past times huge numbers of logs, locally known as ""batang"" are sited floating all over the river. The word "batang" is said to be the root of "Batangan", hence the former name of the province. However, years past and Batangan eventually turned to "Batangas".
Legend also states that a statue of the Holy Infant Jesus on board a Spanish ship en route from Manila to Cebu sought shelter on the coast of Batangas City, near Calumpang River after the vessel's trip was interrupted by bad weather. It is said that the crewmen took the image of the Holy Infant onto the banks of the Calumpang River and sang the Te Deum hymns. The storm miraculously stopped and the ship managed to continue its voyage to Cebu. After reaching their destination place, the statue was reported missing until it was sighted way back in Batangas City. It was a deaf-mute boy who was playing along the banks of the Calumpang river did manage to find the statue atop on a floating log.
In memory and honor of this, a feast is annually celebrated in Batangas City every January 16 a year where devotees hold a floral procession on the Calumpang River as they the Holy Infant's image on a boat cruise. The affair wherein a ""bangkarera"" or boat race, jetski exhibition and other water sports are held has become a tourist attraction.
"Calumpang" is also the local name of Catharanthus pusillus, a tree common in coastal areas throughout the Philippine archipelago. 
External links.
1. Official Website of the Local Government of Batangas City

</doc>
<doc id="20337881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337881" title="Russian Caucasus Army">
Russian Caucasus Army

__NOTOC__
Caucasus Army (also Caucasian Army) or Russian Caucasus Army (also Russian Caucasian Army) can refer to several military formations:

</doc>
<doc id="20337908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337908" title="SS Empire Abbey">
SS Empire Abbey

SS "Empire Abbey" was a refrigerated cargo ship built in 1943 and in service until 1966. She was also known as SS "Teviot", SS "Ardilles" and SS "Tung An".
History.
War service.
"Empire Abbey" was built by Shipbuilding Corporation Ltd, Newcastle upon Tyne for the MoWT and launched on 10 December 1943 and completed in March 1944. She was placed under the management of Elders & Fyffes Ltd. On 26 April 1944, "Empire Abbey" sailed from New York as part of Convoy HX289, arriving in Liverpool on 13 May. On 23 November 1944, "Empire Abbey" sailed from Milford Haven as part of Convoy OS96 bound for Gibraltar, "Empire Abbey" was in ballast, with a final destination of Buenos Aires. On 15 February 1945, "Empire Abbey" was in a collision with Free French Ship "L'Ardent" in Cora Harbour which resulted in "L'Ardent" being sunk.
Postwar.
In February 1946, "Empire Abbey", en route to Europe laden with food, was hit by a storm off Newfoundland which lasted for over three weeks. On the 16th day of the storm, her propellor shaft broke off, leaving "Empire Abbey" drifting without propulsion. On the 24th day, the tug "Foundation Franklin" managed to take "Empire Abbey" in tow. A message was sent from "Empire Abbey" that the captain had died after thirteen days without sleep. In May 1946 she was sold to Royal Mail Line and renamed "Teviot", the third Royal Mail Line ship to bear that name. In 1959, "Teviot" was laid up.
In 1960, "Teviot" was sold to Mullion & Co, Hong Kong and renamed "Ardellis", She was sold to Hai An Shipping Co in 1963 and being renamed "Tung An". She arrived for scrapping in Kaohsiung, Taiwan on 6 August 1967.
Official number and code letters.
Official Numbers were a forerunner to IMO Numbers.
"Empire Abbey" had the UK Official Number 169178 and used the Code Letters BFKK.

</doc>
<doc id="20337911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337911" title="Branchiostegal lung">
Branchiostegal lung

A branchiostegal lung is a respiration organ used by some air-breathing arthropods. It is one of the most significant adaptations of some crabs and hermit crabs such as the coconut crab to their terrestrial habitats.
The branchiostegal (gill) tissue is supported by folds or other mechanisms to increase surface area and are of a similar tissue to that normally found in gills. In this case, the lung is more suited to the absorption of oxygen from air, rather than water.
Instead of branchiostegal lungs, some terrestrial hermit crabs ("Coenobita" and "Birgus") possess multiple gills and small lungs, with other varieties of gas diffusion methods supporting the transition from aquatic to terrestrial dwelling.
The developmental shift from water diffusion "gills" to air perfusion "lungs" may have been related to the need for reduce rates of water loss in air.

</doc>
<doc id="20337948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337948" title="Kon-Tiki Museum">
Kon-Tiki Museum

The Kon-Tiki Museum () is a museum in the Bygdøy peninsula in Oslo, Norway. It houses vessels and maps from the Kon-Tiki expedition, as well as a library with about 8000 books.
It was opened in a provisional building in 1949. In 1957, the current building—designed by architects F. S. Platou and Otto Torgersen—was opened. In 1978, an extension of the museum designed by Torgersen was opened.
The Kon-Tiki Museum is situated near several other museums, including the Fram Museum; the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History; the Viking Ship Museum; and the Norwegian Maritime Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20337949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337949" title="Whitener Ranch">
Whitener Ranch

The Whitener Ranch, purchased in 1851 by Aaron Sherrill Whitener, is one of the oldest continuously owned family ranches in the state of Texas. It was officially established in 1853 upon the arrival of Whitener's family from Mississippi. Whitener purchased of land for $1.50 an acre. Located on the west side of Washington County, Texas, it is composed mainly of rolling blackland prairie. Although far from the largest of Texas ranches, it boasts having had one of the first cotton gins in the state (built in 1870) and having had the third oldest cattle dipping vats in the state.

</doc>
<doc id="20337963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337963" title="Belfort Gap">
Belfort Gap

The Belfort Gap () or Burgundian Gate () is a plateau located between the northern rim of the Jura Mountains and the southernmost part of the Vosges in France. It marks the divide between the drainage basins of the Rhine River in the east and that of the Rhône (Doubs and Saône) in the west, part of the European Watershed between the North Sea and the Mediterranean Sea. 
Geography.
Its elevation varies between at its lowest and a little more than . The roughly wide terrain corridor connects the French "département" of Haut-Rhin, south of the "région" Alsace and the Territoire de Belfort, north of the "région" Franche-Comté. The passage allows warm Mediterranean flows to advect northeastwards into the Upper Rhine Plain and the Middle Rhine Valley.
Lines of communication that traverse the Belfort Gap include the French Route nationale 83 and the A36 autoroute, the railway line from Paris to Basel and the planned LGV Rhin-Rhône high-speed railway, as well as the Rhône-Rhine Canal.
History.
Two important routes crossed the area already during the Roman era, which allowed Julius Caesar to quickly move troops which were used to defeat Ariovistus and force his German tribes (primarily Suebi) in the province of Germania Superior to retreat across the Rhine. After the Migration Period and the Decline of the Roman Empire in the 5th century, Germanic Alemanni tribes settled east of the plateau, while the Burgundians established a first kingdom west of it. Both had been incorporated into the Kingdom of Francia by the early 6th century, while the highland remained the linguistic border between Germanic and Romance languages. 
Upon the division of the Carolingian Empire in the 9th century, the area again marked the border between East Francia, i.e. the German stem duchy of Swabia, in the east and the Kingdom of Arles (Upper Burgundy) in the west. While the Swabian Alsace region was a constituent part of the Holy Roman Empire in 962, the adjacent County of Burgundy in the west was not incorporated until 1033. About 1042 the County of Montbéliard ("Mömpelgard") was established on Burgundian territory right at the border with the Alsacien Sundgau region. Montbéliard fell to the Swabian House of Württemberg in 1407, while the Sundgau region around Ferrette ("Pfirt") and the French-speaking town of Belfort ("Beffert") had been acquired by the Habsburg duke Albert II of Austria by marriage in 1324.
The area again marked a borderline, when the Habsburgs had to cede the Sundgau to the Kingdom of France according to the 1648 Peace of Westphalia. Over the following centuries of French–German enmity, the strategically important town of Belfort, situated at the western entrance into the corridor, has played the role of a bolt against invasions over the centuries whether originating from the west or the east and remained a communications center that is impossible to circumvent. After the Franco-Prussian War and the Siege of Belfort, the language border was used in 1871 to determine the new demarcation line between the newly established German Empire and the French Third Republic retaining Belfort. A series of fortifications was set up to ensure defense of the area. The most recent military advance through the Belfort Gap was that of the French I Corps in November 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="20337972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337972" title="John Swinton (journalist)">
John Swinton (journalist)

John Swinton (1829–1901) was a Scottish-American journalist, newspaper publisher, and orator. Although he arguably gained his greatest influence as the chief editorial writer of "The New York Times" during the decade of the 1860s, Swinton is best remembered as the namesake of "John Swinton's Paper", one of the most prominent American labor newspapers of the 1880s. Swinton would also serve as chief editorialist of the "New York Sun" during two stints totaling more than a dozen years.
Biography.
Early years.
John Swinton was born in Saltoun, Scotland, on December 12, 1829. Swinton's father emigrated to America when John was very young, becoming a pioneer settler in the state of Illinois. He died not long after arriving in America, casting his son John into the job market at a very early age.
Swinton became an apprentice to a printer in 1841, when he was just 13 years old. Two years later he moved along, emigrating to Montreal, Canada, where he worked as a journeyman printer. Swinton remained in Canada for the rest of the decade of the 1840s.
Swinton returned to the United States to attend Williston Northampton School in Easthampton, Massachusetts. He did not complete his studies there, instead moving to New York City to enroll at New York Medical College, where once again he did not attain a degree. Swinton was politically radicalized by slavery in the United States and the organized campaign for its abolition. In 1856 he moved to Kansas to participate in the Free Soil movement there, taking a position as manager of the "Lawrence Republican," an anti-slavery newspaper.
He later moved to the slave state of South Carolina to take a job as a printing compositor at the state printing office. Swinton secretly taught illegal literacy classes for black South Carolinians in this period.
Journalistic career.
Swinton returned to New York City in 1860, writing an article on medicine for the "New York Times" which was so well-received that Swinton was offered a post as an editorial writer for the paper. Swinton was no doubt aided in gaining this position by his brother Raymond Swinton, who had joined the "Times" in 1858 and had himself quickly rose through the managerial ranks. He would remain at the "Times" for a decade, becoming the chief editorial writer for the paper, including the entire duration of the American Civil War.
From 1870 to 1875 Swinton worked as a free lance journalist, writing extensively for Horace Greeley's "New York Tribune."
Swinton became involved in radical labor politics in the spring of 1874, when he addressed a mass meeting at Tompkins Square in New York City — a gathering which was violently disbursed by the police. Swinton's qualities as an effective orator gained notice, however, and in the fall of 1874 he was persuaded to run for Mayor of New York at the top of the ticket of the fledgling Industrial Political Party. Swinton received few votes and saw his candidacy as largely symbolic.
Swinton immersed himself in the New York trade union movement, addressing gatherings of workers and speaking before the New York State Assembly on their behalf. He became active in the affairs of the Cigar Makers' International Union (CMIU) and was instrumental in that union's campaign against the tenement system of cigar production.
Following his stint as a freelancer, Swinton took a permanent position as an editorial writer for the "New York Sun" in 1875. Before he left the "Sun" in 1883 to launch a newspaper of his own, he delivered at a press dinner the outburst he is most famous for today: 
"There is no such a thing in America as an independent press, unless it is out in country towns [...]""
"John Swinton's Paper".
The first issue of the eponymous "John Swinton's Paper" appeared in New York City on October 14, 1883. It was a 4 page broadsheet, split into six vertical columns and appearing once a week. The masthead of each issue declared Swinton's purposes:
1. Boldly upholding the rights of Man in the American Way.
2. Battling against the Accumulating Wrongs of Society and Industry.
3. Striving for the Organization and Interests of Working men and giving the news of the Trades and Unions.
4. Uniting the Political Forces, searching for a common platform, and giving the new of all the Young Bodies in the field.
5. Warning the American people against the treasonable and crushing schemes of Millionaires, Monopolists, and Plutocrats...
6. Looking toward better times of fair play and Public Welfare. 
In this publication Swinton was free to espouse his own radical ideas about the American labor movement and the publication gained a national readership. Chief among Swinton's targets were the so-called "Robber Barons" of the day, including Jay Gould and William H. Vanderbilt, who were subjected to an unending stream of satirical cartoons, poems, and aggressive editorials. In his pages Swinton opined against the use of exploitative prison labor and contract immigrant labor, casting the perceived menace of Chinese immigration in particularly dark tones.
Swinton's agitation against contract convict labor, launched with a series of articles beginning on October 28, 1883, was credited with moving the New York State Assembly to investigate the issue, culminating in a prohibition of the system in the state beginning in 1885.
Swinton attempted to have a similar effect upon the system of contract immigrant labor. Under this system, imported workers were brought into the country by employers, often to break strikes, and were provided for at a minimum standard of living for a time, saving their money for families at home. Swinton's use of an undercover investigative reporter to reveal the abusive nature of the system in January 1884 resulted in Congressional action on the matter, ending in passage of watered-down amended legislation in 1885. Following passage Swinton continued his crusade against the system, charging the administration of Conservative Democratic President Grover Cleveland with failure to enforce the provisions of the law.
Despite gaining a significant and influential readership in the labor movement, "John Swinton's Paper" was never a self-supporting business venture. Swinton refused to accept financial gifts for the publication, instead relying exclusively upon subscriptions ($1 per year), newsstand sales (3 cents per copy), and paid advertising (25 cents per column inch). As early as December 1884 losses had begun to mount, a process which accelerated in 1887 when the Knights of Labor began a boycott of the publication over Swinton's perceived antagonism and commitment to the network of rival trade unions which later congealed under the auspices of the American Federation of Labor.
By August 1887 the financial shortfall had become untenable. In his penultimate issue, dated August 7, 1887, Swinton declared that he could no longer subsidize his publication's losses. He wrote:
"My means are no longer sufficient to bear any further strain. I have been wrecked by this paper and the labors associated therewith, in which during the past four years, I have sunk tens of thousands of dollars — all of it out of my own pocket."
Later life.
Swinton returned to paid journalism working for others, continuing to maintain a high public profile as an orator on the labor question.
Swinton ran as the candidate for the Progressive Labor Party in 1887 for the New York State Senate in the state's 7th district. Swinton made a serious effort to win election in this campaign and received a substantial vote, but was ultimately defeated.
In 1892 Swinton returned to his former position on the editorial staff of the "New York Sun", writing editorials for that publication. He would remain at that position until 1897.
Death and legacy.
In 1899 Swinton lost his eyesight, but did his best to remain active as a writer despite this handicap.
Swinton died in Brooklyn Heights, New York on December 15, 1901, just three days after his 72nd birthday. He was buried at Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn, New York, beneath a monument erected by local trade unionists.

</doc>
<doc id="20337974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337974" title="SS Tung An">
SS Tung An

A number of ships have been named Tung An.

</doc>
<doc id="20337978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337978" title="Buick Blackhawk">
Buick Blackhawk

The Buick Blackhawk [http://www.seriouswheels.com/2000-2003/2000-Buick-Blackhawk-Concept-SA-1280x960.htm] is a retro concept 2+2 convertible built by Buick in 2001. Its grille is based on 1939 Buicks and the concept car Buick Y-Job, while its main body is based on the 1948 Buick Roadmaster. It features a retractable hardtop, shaved door handles, and hidden headlights.
The Blackhawk is powered by a 1970 455 in³ (7.5 L) Buick GS Stage III V8, producing at 4600 rpm and of torque at 4200 rpm and accelerating the car from in under five seconds. The engine is mated to an electronically controlled four-speed automatic transmission.
The vehicle is entirely handmade, especially the carbon-fiber top and the frame. The retraction system is also handmade. The Blackhawk also features a fully independent suspension, keyless entry, and dual exhaust with pipes. The vehicle also has five-spoke alloy wheels with high-speed Z-rated tires. GPS is also provided. The interior is based on the 1996 Buick Riviera.
The car was featured in the film "Bad Boys II". It was driven by actor Will Smith after the mortuary scene.
On January 17, 2009, it was sold for $522,500 (including buyer premium) by Barrett-Jackson [http://www.barrett-jackson.com/application/onlinesubmission/search.aspx?aid=283&d=01/17/2009&st=1&lot=1303].

</doc>
<doc id="20337979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20337979" title="Richard Lerblance">
Richard Lerblance

Richard Charles Lerblance was an Oklahoma Senator from District 7, which includes Haskell, Latimer, Pittsburg and Sequoyah counties, since winning a special election to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of Gene Stipe in June 2003 serving until 2012. He earlier was a member of the Oklahoma House of Representatives from 2002 through 2003.

</doc>
