<doc id="20532743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532743" title="Western Indiana Community Foundation">
Western Indiana Community Foundation

History.
Western Indiana Community Foundation (“WICF”) was incorporated on November 30, 1990 for the betterment of Fountain County, Indiana and its citizens. The community foundation is a U.S. registered 501(c)(3) non-profit charity (Federal Employer Identification Number: 35-1814927). 
The Foundation provides administrative, governance, public relations and marketing support for three affiliate foundations. These affiliates include:
Each affiliate serves the geographic area of the local school district, but has no formal associations with the school corporations.
Foundation characteristics.
The six main characteristics of the Western Indiana Community Foundation are:
It is a combination of all these basic characteristics that makes WICF a true community foundation, although there are other types of community organizations in Fountain County that have some of these characteristics.
Giving.
The affiliates of the Western Indiana Community Foundation (Attica, Covington and Southeast Fountain Community Foundation) have endowment funds open to receive gifts. An Endowment Fund is a fund in which monetary gifts are placed and invested. The amounts contributed as donations are pooled together and endowed meaning the donations are locked in and never spent. The earnings on the donations (endowed funds) are what are issued as grants.
Any individual can create a named fund with the Foundation. Payouts and scholarships begin when the fund has reached a pre-determined level for a full calendar year.
The choice of fund type lies entirely with the donor. The four key choices are:
Choice 1. The charitable purpose such as:
Choice 2. The designation of the geographic area (based on school district boundaries) to benefit from and hold a gift:
Choice 3. The type of Charitable Fund the donor wishes to establish:
Families, individuals, business, and nonprofit groups can establish from a wide-variety of charitable funds within the Foundation. Some of these include:
Choice 4. The manner in which the donor will make a gift to the fund. A gift may be "Current" or "Deferred."
Current gifts may include:
Deferred gifts may include:
Grantmaking.
The Western Indiana Community Foundation (Attica, Covington and Southeast Fountain Community Foundations) focuses its attention on local needs within the geographic boundaries of each school corporation. 
The grants committee of each community foundation reviews each grant request in preparation for the monthly review by the respective board of directors. Grant applications may be submitted at anytime throughout the year. Applicants are notified immediately following the boards decision.
The Foundation has a strong focus on:
Investing.
The Investment Committee provides oversight of all assets donated to the Foundation. The total value of WICF’s investments is referred to as the Foundation’s endowment. In 2011 the value of the endowment was approximately $9.3M.

</doc>
<doc id="20532745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532745" title="The Redwood Sap">
The Redwood Sap

The Redwood Sap is the 36th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on October 1, 1951, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
Woody Woodpecker's pursuing his favorite pastime, writing a tome on "Work and How to Avoid It," while all his friends of the forest work industriously to store food for the long winter ahead. He's warned by the other forest animals to store food, but he doesn't heed their warnings. With the first snow, the laugh's on Woody, who finds himself cold and starving during wintertime, a la ""The Grasshopper and the Ants"." He nearly starves to death sponging food off animals. They pour on the ice, but Woody merrily thaws his way out.

</doc>
<doc id="20532778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532778" title="Róbert Demjan">
Róbert Demjan

Róbert Demjan (born 26 October 1982) is a Slovak football forward who is currently playing for Waasland-Beveren.
Career.
In summer 2010, he joined Polish club Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała on a one and a half year contract.
On 1 August 2011, he scored Podbeskidzie's historic first goal in the Polish Ekstraklasa.<
He became the top scorer of the 2012–13 Ekstraklasa season, with 14 goals, contributing to Podbeskidzie's survival in the top flight. He was also chosen as the best player of the 2012–13 Ekstraklasa campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20532798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532798" title="Partido Demócrata Popular">
Partido Demócrata Popular

Partido Demócrata Popular may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20532800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532800" title="The Hemp Trading Company">
The Hemp Trading Company

THTC (The Hemp Trading Company) is an ethically driven underground clothing label, specialising in eco-friendly, politically conscious hemp street wear. THTC is the brainchild of brothers Dru and Gav Lawson, and Dan Sodergren. Spotting a gap in the fashion market, the trio researched the viability of producing a line of environmentally friendly, ethically produced garments and THTC was born. The company now has a basic infrastructure and team with skills in marketing, economics and finance to successfully turn an interest into a professional and ethical business.
History.
Born out of a university hempology society, THTC was established back in September 1999 by brothers Dru and Gav Lawson who, along with friend Dan Sodergren, had a vision of creating a design-led ethical fashion brand using organic, sustainable fabrics. The company has remained at the forefront of the ethical fashion movement ever since, and Dru and Gav are founding members of the Ethical Fashion Forum (EFF).
Jeremy Smith, former Editor of The Ecologist said of THTC: “When I started work at the Ecologist magazine seven years ago the idea that environmentally friendly clothes could also be at the cutting edge of fashion was laughable. It was back then that I first met Gav and Dru from THTC. While everyone else seemed to be making ill fitting and deeply unflattering clothes that wouldn't make it into a Littlewoods catalogue, they were – years before anyone else that I knew of – actually responding to what the young people with whom they remain so connected wanted to be seen wearing. Now of course every Kate, Sienna and Lily wants to be seen in green, but for me it will always be THTC that got there first and did and said it best.” 
Products.
The mainstay of all THTC garments is organically grown hemp/cotton. Due to the prohibitive cost of hemp, garments are currently manufactured in 55% hemp, 45% certified organic cotton. All garments are produced under fair conditions in a facility based in the Shandong province of China, paying employees well over the national minimum wage for their country, as well as ensuring the presence of strong labour unions, health care and pension schemes. Company ethics demand that credibility will never be compromised in the name of revenue. THTC has a strong set of business practices to reinforce this, allowing the collective to operate as a profitable and professional company that respects its consumers, suppliers and the environment. It also aims to divest hemp of its hippie image and, as environmental and ethical awareness reaches the mainstream, intends to be at the forefront of driving hemp into the realm of credible, urban street wear, via a dynamic brand strategy, select cross-branding and strategic alliances that capitalise on the mood of a disenchanted youth. Striking designs include those created by the iconic contemporary artist Mau Mau known to many as the ethical Banksy. THTC design and marketing strives not only to be stylish but also politically conscious, delivering messages that encourage the consumer to consider and question their environment and global issues.
Collaborations.
The brand produces merchandise for many bands, magazines, club nights and other ventures that want to make a difference. In most cases these customers are not typically ecologically minded businesses but have seen the value in environmentally conscious merchandise. THTC received endorsements and collaborations from bands Beardyman, Morcheeba and Braintax
Recognition.
THTC, nominated for Fashion Product of the year at the 2007 Observer Ethical Awards, has worked with some of the urban music scene's biggest names, including the likes of Goldie, Zulu Nation, De La Soul, Wu Tang Clan, Benjamin Zephaniah, Morcheeba and Asian Dub Foundation. As well as providing clothing for their sponsored artists THTC has also produced band and artist merchandise for over 40 bands, magazines, societies and artists. Fans of the label include Woody Harrelson, Benjamin Zephaniah, Richard Branson and Charlotte Di Vita, founder of 21st Century Leaders.

</doc>
<doc id="20532809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532809" title="Frederick William FitzSimons">
Frederick William FitzSimons

Frederick William FitzSimons (6 August 1870 Garvaghy, Ireland - 25 March 1951 Grahamstown), was a South African naturalist noted for his research on the country's snakes and their venom, and the commercial production of anti-venom. 
FitzSimons emigrated to South Africa in 1881 and was educated in Natal. He was appointed curator of the Pietermaritzburg Museum in 1897 from where he transferred to the Natal Government Museum. In 1906 he moved once more to the Port Elizabeth Museum as director. In 1918 he founded Africa's first snake-park there, which was also the world's second. 
Of great interest at the time, his 1913 examination of and report on hominid skull fragments originating from Boskop near Potchefstroom, led to a flurry of speculation. <br>
Robert Broom wrote:<br>
Subsequently many similar skulls were unearthed by prominent palaeontologists of the day, including Robert Broom, Alexander Galloway, William Pycraft, Sidney Haughton, Raymond Dart, and others. The current view is that Boskop Man was not a species, but a variation of anatomically modern humans; there are well-studied skulls from Boskop, South Africa, as well as from Skuhl, Qazeh, Fish Hoek, Border Cave, Brno, Tuinplaas, and other locations.
FitzSimons' anthropological work also included studies of the coastal Bushmen or "Strandlopers" who were ultimately displaced by the Khoikhoi.
His son Vivian Frederick Maynard FitzSimons (1901-1975) became director of the Transvaal Museum in 1947, had a particular interest in South African reptiles and helped establish the "Namib Desert Research Association". 

</doc>
<doc id="20532823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532823" title="The Woody Woodpecker Polka">
The Woody Woodpecker Polka

The Woody Woodpecker Polka is the 37th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on October 29, 1951, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
The story opens with various couples going into a barn to attend a barn dance. All of them sway to the rhythm of the music. Wally Walrus is the doorman who collects the tickets as they enter. Admission to the dance is $1, which entitles each purchaser to a ticket to "Free Eats." Woody Woodpecker is in a haystack sleepily watching the dancers go by. He sees by his watch that it's dinnertime, and he realizes that he's hungry. His glance falls on the "Free Eats" sign, so he proceeds to follow the crowd into the barn. He hands a rubber dollar bill to Wally, who discovers it after Woody has entered the barn. Woody's hungrily standing by a table laden with food, and just as he's about to really feast, Wally ejects him from the barn. Woody then dresses up as a femme fatale and vamps Wally into letting him enter the barn dance. Woody's main object is to get food; Wally's, to dance with this new gal who has really excited him. Thus, we see a struggle on the one hand for food; on the other, the enjoyment of dancing. Woody finally gets to the food-laden table and ultimately obtains more than his share of the food, storing the excess in his dress in spite of Wally's efforts to keep him dancing. Wally finally discovers that his exciting gal is really Woody in disguise, and realizing that a fool he has made of himself, he violently kicks himself.

</doc>
<doc id="20532832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532832" title="Kriyetic Comics">
Kriyetic Comics

Kriyetic Comics is a Calcutta-based company specialising in graphic art, graphic novels, animation and 3D modelling. Set up in 2007 by Manojit Chattopadhyay, an aerospace engineer from the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, Kriyetic is one of India's first independent comics and graphic novel art studios.
Kriyetic brings out a monthly comics journal called "Comics for All", featuring original graphic stories by Indian artists. The journal now appears in both English and Bengali. Kriyetic's members have carried out work for Vimanika and PsiCom, a Philippines-based publishing house.
Currently Kriyetic is working on "Kalpa: Shadowfalls", a graphic novel by Rimi B. Chatterjee, due out from Harper Collins India in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20532848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532848" title="Partido Popular Cristiano">
Partido Popular Cristiano

Partido Popular Cristiano may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20532852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532852" title="Destination Meatball">
Destination Meatball

Destination Meatball is the 38th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on December 24, 1951, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
A line of people (including Woody) drool at the window of the shop of market butcher Buzz Buzzard. A short series of gags ensues about how Buzz dishonestly (and literally) "jacks" up all his prices. Since Woody is broke as usual, he sneaks in and gets thrown out by Buzz. On the way out, Woody collides with a bottle of invisible ink and turns partially invisible. Buzz can only see parts of Woody's body, and, in a somewhat gruesome scene, thinks that he's been dismembered, so he sweeps him into a trap door to get rid of him. When Woody awakes, he realizes what is happening, and he douses himself with the rest of the ink in order to pose as a ghost.

</doc>
<doc id="20532865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532865" title="List of mountains of Jamaica">
List of mountains of Jamaica

A List of mountains of Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="20532868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532868" title="The Autobiography of My Body">
The Autobiography of My Body

The Autobiography of My Body is a novel by the American writer David Guy set in 1980s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It tells the story of the sexual liberation of Charles Bradford, who after a bad marriage has returned to his hometown to be near his ailing father. There he meets Andrea, a feminist and political activist, and they start a torrid affair that forces him to reexamine his life.
Reaction.
The New York Times called it "an intimate portrait of a man torn between appetite and intellect, a sort of "Portnoy's Complaint" for gentiles" and a "painstaking explication of habit and longing" in an ambiguous review.

</doc>
<doc id="20532898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532898" title="List of mountains of Dominica">
List of mountains of Dominica

This is a list of mountains of Dominica, an island-nation in the Caribbean Lesser Antilles. The highest peak on Dominica, at 4,747 ft, is Morne Diablotins, which is also the second highest mountain in the Lesser Antilles.
Morne anglais 3,683

</doc>
<doc id="20532969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532969" title="Daisy Dern">
Daisy Dern

Daisy Dern is an American country music artist. Signed to Mercury Records in 2002, Dern released one single, "Gettin' Back to You", which charted on the Hot Country Songs charts. An album for Mercury was never released on the label, although she later released it independently. 
Biography.
Daisy Dern is a distant cousin of actors Bruce and Laura Dern. She was raised in the San Francisco Bay area of California, and in 1991 she received a degree in music business from San Francisco State University after designing a special major to suit her interests. Dern also attended UC Santa Cruz and Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts. Dern was inspired by country music, as well as more pop influenced acts such as Linda Ronstadt and James Taylor.
Dern moved to Nashville to pursue a career in music in 1994. She met Dave Gibson, former lead vocalist of the Gibson/Miller Band, with whom she began co-writing music, before marrying him in 1997. They have one daughter, born in 1999.
Dern began work on her self-titled debut album in late 2000. Its lead-off single, "Gettin' Back to You", spent fifteen weeks on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts and peaked at number 43. Several other tracks were included on her debut, one of which was co-written by her daughter's pediatrician, although the album itself was never released commercially by the label. 
Dern and Gibson have a daughter, Savannah, whom they named their publishing company/record label after. Savannah Music Group, Inc., was founded in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20532971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532971" title="Emly Starr">
Emly Starr

Emly Starr (born 5 September 1957 in Laarne, Belgium; birth name Marie-Christine Mareels) is a Belgian singer in the Dutch language. She also appeared in the documentary film "Santiago Lovers" by Romano Ferrari.
She has participated in several dance and song contests. In the World Popular Song Festival at Tokyo in 1980 with the entry "Mary Brown", she was finalist as Emly Starr Explosion.
Starr entered the Eurovision Song Contest 1981 where she performed "Samson" and finished in 13th place.
In 1985, she appeared in the role of Erika in the film "Jumping" (Dutch: "Springen") directed by Jean-Pierre De Decker, a film which was submitted to the 59th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film but not nominated, where she sang the song "Jump in the Dark", that was in the film's soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="20532977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20532977" title="Stage Hoax">
Stage Hoax

Stage Hoax is the 40th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on April 21, 1952, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
Woody Woodpecker, tired and perspiring, is walking down a dusty road of the old West carrying a heavy suitcase. Hearing a stagecoach approaching, he stands in the road thumbing a ride, but the stage passes him by in a swirl of dust. He opens his suitcase, which contains an assortment of artificial limbs used to display women's stockings, wigs, dresses, etc. Woody transforms himself into a young woman by putting on artificial limbs, a wig and a dress. Wally Walrus, driver of a stagecoach, approaches Woody in the road. Woody coyly lifts his skirt to display the shapely limbs. Wally quickly stops the stage, and Woody enters. Woody, in the coach's dining room, orders a sumptuous meal from Wally, now dresses as a waiter. Woody's wig falls off. Wally realizes his mistake, and he hands Woody a check for $30. Woody and Wally argue over the price, and Wally pulls a lever, which ejects Woody over the stagecoach roof. Woody jumps from the stagecoach and runs away. Woody then drives the stagecoach and meets the real "Buzz Buzzard the Bandit" astride a horse. Buzz forces Woody to drive to his hideout cottage. Woody, again disguised as a woman, causes Buzz's heart to flutter as he hastens to put his house in order, dress in "full dress and silk hat," and get ready to welcome Woody. A giant commotion emanates from the cottage. Woody rushes out the door with Buzz in full chase. Woody jumps into the stage, with Buzz making a close second.

</doc>
<doc id="20533017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533017" title="National Core for Neuroethics">
National Core for Neuroethics

The National Core for Neuroethics at the University of British Columbia was established in August 2007, with support from the Canadian Institutes of Health Research, the Institute of Mental Health and Addiction, the Canada Foundation for Innovation, the British Columbia Knowledge Development Fund, the Canada Research Chairs program, the UBC Brain Research Centre and the UBC Institute of Mental Health. Led by Judy Illes, the Core studies neuroethics, with particular focus on ethics in neurodegenerative disease and regenerative medicine, international and cross-cultural challenges in brain research, neuroimaging and ethics, the neuroethics of enhancement, and personalized medicine.
The Core's major research projects are focused on the use of drugs and devices for neuroenhancement, ethics in neurodegenerative disease and regenerative medicine research, brain research, neuroimaging in the private sector, and the ethics of personalized medicine, among others. Members of the Core also lead initiatives aside from their research projects.
Considerable attention has been given to the Core by both the scholarly and non-academic media, with the Core featured in "The New York Times", the "Vancouver Sun", on the "Canwest Global Newshour", and in the journal "Science", amongst others. As an effort to engage the public in neuroethics discussion, the Core has recently started an online blog.
Mission.
The National Core for Neuroethics strives to "tackle the ethical, legal, policy and social implications of frontier neuroscience through high impact research, education and outreach to ensure the close alignment of innovation and human values".
People.
The Core is led by Judy Illes, PhD, Canada Research Chair in Neuroethics and Professor of Neurology at the University of British Columbia.
Peter Reiner, PhD, Professor of Psychiatry at the University of British Columbia, is a Senior Faculty Member with the Core.
Funding.
The Core receives financial support from the Canadian Institutes of Health Research, Institute of Mental Health and Addiction, Canada Foundation for Innovation, the British Columbia Knowledge Development Fund, the Canada Research Chairs program, the UBC Brain Research Centre, the UBC Institute of Mental Health, the National Institutes of Health, the Vancouver Coastal Health Research Institute, the British Columbia Rural and Remote Health Research Network, the Harvard NeuroDiscovery Center's Foundation for Ethics and Biotechnology, the North Growth Foundation, the Greenwall Foundation, the Stem Cell Network, the Dana Foundation, the Canadian Dementia Knowledge Translation Network, and Imperial Oil.
Inauguration.
In September 2008, the Core celebrated its first anniversary with an inauguration celebration held at the Chan Centre for the Performing Arts at the University of British Columbia. In attendance were international dignitaries in the field of neuroethics, including Joseph Fins (Chief of the Division of Medical Ethics at Weill Cornell Medical College), Dr. Barbara Sahakian (Professor of Clinical Neuropsychology at the Department of Psychiatry, University of Cambridge School of Clinical Medicine), Eric Racine (Research Unit Director, Institut de recherches cliniques de Montréal), and Dr. Rémi Quirion (Scientific Director, Institute of Neurosciences, Mental Health and Addiction (INMHA)).
External links.
Neuroethics Research Centres
Neuroethics blogs
Neuroethics journals
Neuroethics societies
Neuroethics literature databases
Neuroethics resources

</doc>
<doc id="20533021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533021" title="Woodpecker in the Rough">
Woodpecker in the Rough

Woodpecker in the Rough is the 41st animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on June 16, 1952, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
When the golfing bug bites Woody Woodpecker, he is ready for the game, but the question is "Is the game ready for him?" as he tries to match play with a power golfer. Woody's attempts to play golf are interrupted by a big, burly man who makes a bet with him.
Cultural References.
Clarence Wheeler infused the background score with many quotations from Classical music and folk song.

</doc>
<doc id="20533045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533045" title="City Game">
City Game

The City Game is an annual college basketball game between the University of Pittsburgh Panthers and the Duquesne University Dukes. The term "City Game" is also used refer to women's basketball games played annually between the two universities and may also be used to refer to other athletic competitions between the two schools.
History.
The basketball series was first played in 1932. The cross-town rivalry between the two schools intensified quickly, and the development of bad blood between the two schools on the basketball court and in the boxing ring led to the cessation of series following the 1939 game until it was renewed in 1953. The rivalry reached its peak when both schools again found themselves members of the same athletic conference, the Eastern 8 (originally named the Eastern Collegiate Basketball League in its first season of 1976-77, formally the Eastern Athletic Association, and renamed the Atlantic 10 Conference following the 1981-82 season), from 1976–1982. During this period, the head coaches of Pitt and Duquesne, Tim Grgurich and Mike Rice respectively, were alumni of their schools and had played against each other in the 1960s. There was genuine dislike between coaches and players, and during these contests fights frequently broke out between players, and sometimes among fans. The series of games between the schools during the years that both were members of the Eastern 8 was won by Pitt 9-7. Duquesne and Pitt have met once in post-season play, not including two Eastern 8 Tournament games, which resulted in a 65-63 Duquesne victory over the Panthers in the first round of the 1980 NIT at the Civic Arena. However, the competitiveness of the series has waned since PItt left for the Big East Conference beginning in the 1982-83 season as Pitt has now won 31 of the last 34 games.
Location.
The location of the City Game has varied between both on-campus and off-campus venues for both schools and throughout their history, they have also shared venues to use as their home floor. Both Pittsburgh and Duquesne used the Pitt Pavilion, located inside of Pitt Stadium, for their home games until January 28, 1939 when Pitt's director of athletics Jimmy Hagan announced a cessation of basketball relations with Duquesne following the development of bad blood between the schools on the court. The series returned in 1953 at Pitt's home floor, Fitzgerald Field House, that had opened in 1951. This facility on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh would serve as the home floor of the Panthers through the opening of the Petersen Events Center in 2002, although Pitt played select home games at the Pittsburgh Civic Arena in the 1980s and 1990s. Duquesne also used Fitzgerald Field House as its home floor following the demolition of its home court, John Harris Gardens, in 1956. Duquesne began playing games in the Civic Arena as early as December 1961 and subsequently switched to using the Civic Arena as its primary home floor between 1964–88. Duquesne moved into a new on-campus home at the A. J. Palumbo Center beginning in the 1988-89 season. The series then rotated on a yearly basis between the on-campus venues of the Petersen Events Center and the A. J. Palumbo Center.
In 2009, the game returned to Mellon Arena and was the last basketball game played at that venue (not counting a Harlem Globetrotters game on December 26, 2009). Pitt rallied from trailing by 16 to winning 67-58 in double overtime. It was the first multiple overtime game in the series' history.
Upon the opening of the Consol Energy Center in 2010, the game will be held annually at that site. Each team has an exclusive locker room in the new facility.
Men's game results.
"Duquesne victories are shaded ██ red. Pittsburgh victories shaded in ██ blue.
Where there are discrepancies between game scores, the score provided in the table is the one provided by sources from the winning team.<br>
^This game is listed as a Pittsburgh victory with a score of 84-74 in the Duquesne media guide.
Women's basketball.
The women's basketball City Game series dates to 1974 when the University of Pittsburgh resurrected its women's varsity athletic program. The Pitt women's 91-32 win against Duquesne in the 1974 Pitt Tournament marked its first game and victory of the modern era since the program had been on hiatus at the close of the 1926–1927 season. Including the 1974 win, Pitt dominated the early series winning the first 13 games. The game has sometimes been played as a double header with the men's game and has been played three times at the Civic Arena in 1995, 1996, and 1998. Pitt leads the series 19-12 and was the winner of four straight prior to the Dukes winning four in a row since 2009.
Baseball.
The baseball contest between the University of Pittsburgh and Duquesne University was often referred to as the baseball version of the City Game and was sometimes played at special venues including Major League Baseball's PNC Park. The first collegiate baseball game at PNC Park was played on May 6, 2003, between Pittsburgh and Duquesne. Duquesne won the game by a score of 2–1. Following the 2010 season, Duquesne discontinued its varsity baseball program, bringing the City Game baseball series to an end. The PNC Park City Game series ended in Pitt's favor, four games to two, with the 2007 game canceled because of poor field conditions. The final City Game baseball series was split with Pitt winning an April 14, 2010 game at Trees Field 21-9, and Duquesne, oddly serving as the home team at Pitt's Trees Field, winning the final meeting, 10-9, on May 12, 2010. The all-time series between the schools ended in Pitt's favor, 58-22-1.

</doc>
<doc id="20533051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533051" title="Scalp Treatment">
Scalp Treatment

Scalp Treatment is the 42nd animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on September 18, 1952, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
In a long shot of an Indian village way out West, all of the tepees have TV antennas, and some of the tepees are shops displaying Indian-made wares and merchandise. In the foreground is a millinery shop with a window full of feathered hats and coats, etc.; in the rear is a barber shop, complete with revolving barber pole. We discover Woody Woodpecker in the barber's chair reading a magazine, with Indian barber Buzz Buzzard stropping the blade of a tomahawk. Buzz tests the blade's sharpness by dropping a feather, which lands on the blade and slowly splits into two parts, each part floating in the air. Buzz trims the feathers on Woody's head, then, with "Feather Tonic," he gives Woody a vigorous scalp massage which, when finished, gives Woody's head the appearance of an Indian headdress, beautiful to behold. At this time, they discover a cute Indian maiden looking in the window and admiring a feathered bonnet, so they both zip out of the shop and tip their feathers to the maid. She continues to admire the bonnet, which carries a "$2,000.00 Wampum" price tag. She first asks Woody to buy the bonnet, but he's broke; she then asks Buzz, who's also without the necessary funds. The maid, with scorn, turns up her nose and walks away, leaving the two rejected swains very dejected and alone. Buzz then suddenly spies the beautiful feather-do that Woody has and, in a vision, dreams how it would look if transferred to the maid. With a malicious grin on his face, Buzz pulls out his tomahawk and starts for Woody, intending to acquire Woody's feather bonnet for the maid. From here on, there's a fast series of gags, with Buzz determined to get the feathers and Woody avoiding him at all times. Woody finally disposes of Buzz. In the final scene, we see Woody, his feathers all gone, now adorning the Indian maiden; Woody is stripped but happy. 

</doc>
<doc id="20533088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533088" title="The Great Who-Dood-It">
The Great Who-Dood-It

The Great Who-Dood-It is the 43rd animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on October 20, 1952, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
Woody Woodpecker lands in a sideshow at a small-town circus, where his heckling proves too much for magician Buzz Buzzard to handle. Woody's pursued by Buzz throughout the fair.

</doc>
<doc id="20533089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533089" title="Goa (film)">
Goa (film)

Goa () is a 2010 Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by Venkat Prabhu, who with the project, directed his third film following two previous successes. Starring his "regular cast" consisting of Jai, Vaibhav and Premji Amaran in the lead roles along with Sneha, Piaa Bajpai and the debutant Australian model Melanie Marie in other roles, the film is the first production of Soundarya Rajinikanth's Ocher Picture Productions. Actors Silambarasan Rajendar, Nayantara and Prasanna make guest appearances in the film, which features music composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja, whilst cinematography is handled by Sakthi Saravanan and the film is edited by K. L. Praveen and N. B. Srikanth.
The film follows the journey of three young men, Vinayagam, Ramarajan and Saamikannu, who flee from their remote, conservative village to escape their overly strict families and travel to the international tourist-destination Goa, after encountering a friend who had fallen in love with a Caucasian girl whilst on holiday there. The film explores their time in Goa, the people they meet ranging from gay hoteliers to suave casino owners, and dwells on the relationships they encounter in the region.
The film, which began pre-production work in August 2008, became highly anticipated before release due to the successes of the director's prior two films. Filming began in April 2009 and took place in various locations: in the title location of Goa as well as in Pannapuram, Tamil Nadu and Langkawi, Malaysia with the latter being used due to the monsoonal season of Goa, forcing the team to relocate. Before release, the film was given an adult rating by the Central Board of Film Certification, despite much contention from the team with the film also avoiding a court case in regard to the producer's loan. The film released on 29 January 2010 to mostly mixed reviews.
Plot.
The plot begins in a remote village in Tamil Nadu named Pannaipuram (the birthplace of director Venkat Prabhu). Samikannu/Sami (Premji), son of a karagattam artist, Vinayakam/Vinay (Jai), son of a military man, and Ramarajan/Ram (Vaibhav Reddy), son of the local bigwig and the village Casanova, are three rebellious youths who try various attempts to flee their village and see the outside world but are usually caught and punished by the conservative elders. After being punished harshly, they attempt one last escape and succeed. The trio runs away to the town of Madurai, hoping to stay with Vinayakam's friend Azhagar.
On arriving at Azhagar's place, they find him getting married to an American woman named Angelina Jolie. Azhagar tells them that he had met her in Goa and that they will spend their honeymoon in London. The three friends are inspired to travel to Goa, meet a foreign woman there and marry her. Upon realizing that they have mistakenly brought along a sacred golden jewel from their village temple and thus can never return, they pack their bags and head to Goa.
At Goa, they meet a fellow Tamil named Jack (Aravind Akash) who provides food and shelter and introduces them to the party culture of Goa. Vinayakam falls in love with Roshini (Piaa Bajpai), a club singer, while Samikannu attempts to woo an American named Jessica Alba (Melanie Marie) whom he had seen earlier at the wedding in Madurai. The three friends are given a makeover by Jack and Roshini, and they begin a new lifestyle in Goa.
At this point, enters hotelier Danny (Sampath Raj), who is Jack's gay lover. Danny is attracted by Samikannu's innocence and begins making affectionate advances toward him; Samikannu is oblivious. This invokes the jealousy of Jack, who hires ninja-themed henchmen to beat up Samikannu. In an awkwardly heroic scene, Sami nullifies their attack.
Ramarajan's life takes a twist after he comes across Suhasini Fernando (Sneha). They begin dating, and Ram learns that she is a wealthy entrepreneur who owns a luxury cruise ship named "Casino Royale". The two eventually get married, and Ram gifts her the golden jewel from his village, which she locks in a secret room aboard her yacht. Soon the trouble starts. Ram learns that Suhasini is slightly neurotic: a fact revealed to him by her former husband Shakthi (Prasanna). The marriage takes a bitter turn, and Ram turns to his friends for help. Together they plan a covert mission and successfully retrieve the jewel.
Vinay and Sami are successful in their romance. The three boys eventually return to their native village, along with Roshini, Jessica, Danny and Jack. There, a surprise awaits Ram, in the form of Nayantara. The epilogue takes place in Goa, showing Suhasini falling in love with Madhan Kumar (Silambarasan Rajendar). As they hug, Madhan's nose begins to bleed, indicating that Suhasini has become a victim of "Manmadhan".
The film parodies various themes prevalent in Tamil cinema, as well as many popular Tamil songs. Director Venkat Prabhu makes several cameos throughout the film.
Production.
Development.
Even before the release of his second directorial venture "Saroja", director Venkat Prabhu mentioned that he was going to direct his next project very soon: "Goa". He also revealed that it would be produced by the famous Hollywood production company Warner Bros. in association with Soundarya Rajinikanth's production company Ocher Studios, who will produce this film, after their maiden venture, the animation film "Sultan: The Warrior" starring Soundarya's father Rajinikanth, directed by Soundarya herself. Interestingly, the script was first narrated to Rajinikanth; following Rajinikanth's recommendation, his daughter got to listen to the script and she immediately agreed to produce it.
In April 2009, Warner Bros. was said to have backed out of the project, bringing forward the argument that they asked for complete details about the film, including script and expenses. Since the "Goa" team was not able to do so, because they were running out of time regarding the actors' dates and couldn't provide the details, Warner Bros. opted out. In May 2009, producer Soundarya Rajinikanth denied that Warner Bros. opted out of the project, disclosing that "any rumor that suggests otherwise is simply not true", that Warner Bros. and Ocher Studios have "established a very successful relationship" and that they are still a part of the "Goa" project.
According to the director, "Goa" would be a "fun film" and a "jolly good" one like the Hollywood films "American Pie" and "Road Trip". Moreover, it was rumored, that the film was based on a real-life incident, the murder case of the 15-year-old English teenager Scarlett Keeling that happened in Goa in February 2008. However, this plot was not part of the completed film.
Casting.
Following the successes of "Chennai 600028" and "Saroja", director Venkat Prabhu stated he would continue his trend of introducing new actors and using relatively young actors for his next film. The four lead male characters were announced to be Jai, Aravind Akash, Vaibhav Reddy and Premji Amaren, with the former two collaborating with Venkat after their roles in "Chennai 600028", whilst Vaibhav was a part of Venkat's "Saroja". Premji, Venkat's brother, had been a part of both of Venkat's previous ventures and was consequently signed on for a role. Supporting actor Sampath Raj was also signed, renewing his association with Venkat, appearing in his third straight film.
At a press conference in December 2008, Venkat revealed that there would be three lead female roles in the film, one of which would be a non-Indian, "white girl", playing a foreigner in Goa whilst declaring his interest in signing Hollywood actress Jessica Alba with Sneha and Genelia D'Souza. A bound script of the film was sent to Alba who, despite expressing interest to be a part of the project by decreasing her salary from 140 millions to 90 million, was still too costly for the project, since the entire budget of the film was just around 90 million, resulting in Alba's drop out. Denying this, Kartik Gangadharan, chief marketing officer of Ocher Studios, clarified that the reason for Alba's drop out was not the money, which "was not an issue" and "could have been negotiated", but her unavailability and the impossibility of reworking the schedules "around her dates". Since Alba's departure, unsuccessful talks were held with Amanda Seyfried of "Mamma Mia!" fame, before the role was eventually handed to popular American television actress and model Julie Fine. However Fine, too, was no longer part of the project, as she was surreptitiously replaced by a Swedish actress and model, Nouva Monika Wahlgren, who predominantly works in India, having earlier acted in several Indian films, including "Fun Aur Masti" and the Shriya Saran-starrer "The Other End Of The Line". She also appeared in Indian advertisements and who was finally said to be confirmed to play the foreign character. Before Wahlgren was roped in, it was reported that an Australian actress, Melanie Marie Jobstreibitzer, was approached and confirmed for the role. Eventually, it turned out, that indeed Melanie Marie was roped in for the role. Early rumors suggested, that the foreign girl would play the murdered Scarlett Keeling, which were later revealed to be fictitious, with the character actually portraying Premji Amaren's pair.
Regarding the other two lead female roles, it turned out that discussions with Genelia D'Souza proved to be unsuccessful, with the actress citing she had no available dates until June 2009, having already signed up for a couple of Hindi Language films, whereas talks with Sneha resulted in success as the actress signed on to be a part of the film in late January 2009. It was widely rumored at the time that Sneha's character has negative shades, which would be her first role of this kind. Venkat Prabhu himself, however, revealed that Sneha doesn't have a villainous role as described by the media. The role initially offered to Genelia was subsequently taken over by Pooja. According to reports, Pooja was signed after Preetika Rao, sister of Hindi film actress Amrita Rao, who was supposed to do the role, backed out at last-minute for reasons unknown. In June 2009, however, Piaa Bajpai, who had acted in films like "Poi Solla Porom" and "Aegan" earlier, joined the crew, and was said to have replaced Pooja again, who was apparently busy completing her Sinhalese projects. Bajpai's role plays the love interest of Jai.
In November 2009, additionally Nayantara was roped in to do a cameo appearance in the last scene of the film. Reports indicated that she shot for the scene, involving herself and the lead cast, for one day without taking any remuneration as she was a "big fan of Venkat Prabhu's movies".
The technical crew remained mostly the same as in Venkat Prabhu's earlier ventures. His cousin Yuvan Shankar Raja composes the musical score, whereas his songs featured lyrics provided by veterans 'Kavignar' Vaali and Gangai Amaran. Sakthi Saravanan, Videsh and Vasuki Bhaskar were signed as the cinematographer, art director and costume designer, respectively, joining Venkat Prabhu for the third time in his third venture. Praveen K. L. and Srikanth N. B. were selected to edit the film, whilst dance moves were choreographed by Kalyan again, who is joined by Ajay Raj and Saravana Rajan. Whilst the former had worked with Venkat Prabhu in his debut venture, "Chennai 600028", the latter was part of Prabhu's second film, "Saroja". Kalyan was a choreographer in all Venkat Prabhu films.
Filming.
Before starting the filming, a photo shoot of the film was held in the "City studio" in the last week of February 2009, featuring Sneha and Premji Amaran. The shooting was slated to start on 11 March 2009 but had to be postponed, because of the complaint lodged against actor Jai at the Tamil Film Producer's council, who had stated that some of his forthcoming films would flop at the box office. Producer Soundarya Rajinikanth is said to have approached the council and requested to lift the ban, explaining the loss due to the ban, after which the ban on Jai was revoked and the filming started.
The first schedule of film shooting was held in Theni, Pannaipuram and surrounding places in Theni district in Tamil Nadu. It included a folk song, which is said to be the introduction song and which was shot from 31 March 2009 onwards in Goa featuring Jai, Vaibhav, Aravind Akash, Premji and Sneha, along with Ajay Raj, who choreographs the song, Payal and around 500 Goans.
The second schedule, lasting 40 days, was completely shot in Goa itself, which featured only the male lead actors: Jai, Vaibhav and Premji Amaran. It was completed in mid-June, after which the crew returned to Chennai. The third and last schedule was shot from 5 July onwards on the Langkawi Islands, an archipelago of around 100 small islands in the Andaman Sea, which belongs to Malaysia, where many popular Tamil and Hindi film were shot. Though initially Venkat Prabhu had wanted to complete the remaining parts of the film in Goa as well, he eventually had to move to Langkawi, because of the monsoon season that had set in heavy rains, affecting the west coastal area of India. He chose Langkawi as it has "very similar locations and looks" to Goa and has a very good climate. It was reported that music director Yuvan Shankar Raja would perform one of the songs himself live on the beaches there. In late 2009, two more songs were filmed in Kerala and Goa itself, with which the film's shooting was completed.
Release.
The film's release, initially expected to happen in late 2009, got postponed several times. It was released on 29 January 2010 worldwide with "Thamizh Padam" and the controversial "Jaggubhai". The film was censored one week before its theatrical release by the Indian Central Board of Film Certification, which gave the film an "A" certificate, an adult rating, reportedly because of its content that "requires a mature audience", while also describing it as a "path breaking entertainer which explores human sexuality very beautifully". The film released with over 200 prints in Tamil Nadu.
Reception.
The film opened to mostly positive reviews especially from the youth, who were Venkat Prabhu's target. It also received mixed reviews. On the opening weekend, it collected 11.2 million at Chennai alone. The movie showed highly positive return and initially topped at the box office collections before becoming an average grosser.
Soundtrack.
Film score and soundtrack for "Goa" are composed by Venkat Prabhu's cousin and regular music composer, Yuvan Shankar Raja. Since approximately the first twenty minutes of the film are set in the 1980s, it is known that the music for the affected scenes and a couple of the songs were recorded live (as it was done during that time) to "do justice to the scenes". Yuvan Shankar Raja had started the re-recording works for the film score on 21 December 2009, after having watched the entire film and had finished it within seven days with the help of his cousin and assistant Premji Amaran.
The soundtrack, after several postponements, was finally released on 4 January 2010. The album features 9 songs overall. 18 singers have lent their voices for the songs, including composer Yuvan Shankar Raja, his father Ilaiyaraaja, his siblings Karthik Raja and Bhavatharini, his cousins Premji Amaran and director Venkat Prabhu, S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, K. S. Chitra and actress-singer Mamta Mohandas.
Contrary to earlier reports that suggested that merely three or four numbers would feature in the film, seven out of the nine songs were used in their entirety, besides two more additional tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="20533108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533108" title="Anderson Lago Zeze">
Anderson Lago Zeze

Anderson Lago Zeze (born July 13, 1989 in Abidjan) is an Ivorian football player, who plays as a midfielder.
Career.
Zeze began his career with the Académie de Sol Beni the youth academy of ASEC Mimosas and signed on 1 August 2008 a contract for SK Kladno, his first professional game was on 28 October 2008 against 1. FC Brno of the Gambrinus liga, the top league in the Czech Republic.
International.
In 2008 Zeze was called up to a training camp with the Côte d'Ivoire under-20 national[http://www.sport-ivoire.ci/football/?p=1&id=7930]

</doc>
<doc id="20533117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533117" title="Termites from Mars">
Termites from Mars

Termites from Mars is the 44th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on December 8, 1952, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
An astronomer, searching the heavens with his telescope, suddenly sees a squadron of spaceships emerging from the planet Mars that are heading directly toward the Earth. He spreads the news, and in no time, the alarm is being sounded by wireless, telegraph, radio and TV, alerting the whole nation of threatened invasion. Woody's busy cleaning up his apartment in the trunk of a tree while watching his TV set. Suddenly, a Walter Winchell-type announcer interrupts the program to announce to the ships at sea and all people everywhere that termites from Mars have invaded Earth.The announcer states that the ships are heading for the forests.
At the base of the tree in which Woody lives, a ship comes to rest, and out come termites. Woody closes all of the doors and windows. When he cautiously opens one window, the termites swam into his apartment and begin their work of destruction. Before you know it, the Martian invaders are eating up everything in sight. Every piece of furniture disappears; only the food remains, which the termites devour. Woody endeavors to fight them with a blowtorch, but the space gun is the superior weapon, and Woody's thwarted in every manner. Finally, in an office, where the termites have destroyed all but the glass top of the desk, Woody discovers a termite chewing on Scotch tape, in which the termite becomes all fouled up. Woody gets a bright idea, grabs the roll of tape and holds it up. In no time, the termites, as well as the spaceships, are stuck to the tape. He spreads the tape throughout the forest, thus turning the tables on the termites, saving the day and winning the battle.

</doc>
<doc id="20533141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533141" title="What's Sweepin'">
What's Sweepin'

"What's Sweepin'" is the 45th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on January 5, 1953, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
Woody is a street sweeper and gets into trouble with Officer Wally Walrus. He tries to get even for Wally throwing a banana peel on the sidewalk. He steals the cop's uniform and gets into the Jingling Bros. Circus because he is wearing it. Wally tries to get in, but he gets thrown out. He sneaks in under a tent, and Woody gives him a merry chase. Wally disguises himself as an elephant to catch the bird.
Notes.
"What's Sweepin'" was the first and only time Wally Walrus speaks regularly since the studio reopened in 1950. The walrus, like Woody himself, had otherwise become virtually silent during this period, with the occasional dialogue line or two cropping up.

</doc>
<doc id="20533165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533165" title="Los Sueños">
Los Sueños

Los Sueños ("Dreams" or "Visions") is a satirical prose work by the Spanish Baroque writer Francisco de Quevedo. Written between 1605 and 1622, it was first published in Barcelona in 1627 under the title "Sueños y discursos de verdades descubridoras de abusos, vicios y engaños en todos los oficios del mundo" ("Dreams and discourses on truths revealing abuses, vices and deceptions in all the professions and estates of the world").
"Los Sueños" consists of five sections, each describing a satirical dream vision of the next world:

</doc>
<doc id="20533166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533166" title="Cucumaria">
Cucumaria

Cucumaria is a genus of sea cucumbers.

</doc>
<doc id="20533172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533172" title="Buccaneer Woodpecker">
Buccaneer Woodpecker

Buccaneer Woodpecker is the 46th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on April 20, 1953, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
The film begins in the 17th century, a Town Crier announcing that Buccaneer Buzz Buzzard's ship, the "Black Mariah", has been sighted in the towns harbor, and warns the citizens "lights out, doors locked". Town magistrate Wally Walrus is worried that Buzz has come to loot the town; to prevent this he issues a huge reward for the pirates capture. Lantern Lighter Woody Woodpecker rushes in to tell the magistrate that he'll capture him, and rushes back out heading straight to Buzz's ship. Immediately after boarding, Woody runs into Buzz, and for the rest of the short does everything he can to try to bring him in. Buzz, of course, uses every trick in the book to avoid capture (and to get Woody off his ship); and both try to not get eaten by a hungry shark waiting in the sea below. Instead of capturing Buzz, Woody winds up blowing him up in the end (though Buzz, now a ghost, seems to have forgiven him, telling him that he "didn't feel a thing" from the explosion), and gets both the reward and Buzz's ship. The shark meanwhile, having now blown his opportunity to eat either of them, chases after Buzz's ghost, trying in vain to eat him.

</doc>
<doc id="20533178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533178" title="Little Massingham">
Little Massingham

Little Massingham is a small village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk. It is located on the northern boundary of Great Massingham.
It covers an area of and had a population of 74 in 37 households as of the 2001 census.
For the purposes of local government, it falls within the district of King's Lynn and West Norfolk.
History of the parish.
At the time of the Great Survey in 1086, William the Conqueror bestowed upon Eudo, the son of Spiruwin, the Barony of Tateshale in Lincolnshire (now known as Tattershall). William also gave him the lands of Hillington, Grimston, Congham and Little Massingham that had belonged to Scula. Scula is thought to have been a general who served under Viking King Ragnald.
In 1302, these lands passed into the possession of Sir John de Thorpe, by right of his wife, Alice.
Later the estate of Little Massingham came into the family of the Le Stranges of Hunstanton, and in the 16th century, they passed to the Mordaunt family when Robert Mordaunt married Barbara le Strange.
In 1807 Sir Charles Mordaunt, the eighth baronet decided to sell the estate of Little Massingham and the advowson of the living to Joseph Wilson, Esq., of Highbury Hill, Middlesex. 
Mr Wilson was a rich and prosperous merchant and although having purchased Little Massingham he never lived there, but chose to use Stowlangtoft Hall Suffolk as his country estate. However, he did install his son-in-law Charles D. Brereton as rector of Little Massingham.
Joseph Wilson's heir Henry Wilson of Stowlangtoft Hall succeeded him and in 1872 Henry's son Mr Fuller Maitland Wilson sold the estate of Little Massingham. 
Since that time there were a few more large landowners of Little Massingham before some of the estate was broken up. 
It was recorded that in the early 19th century thirty or forty acres of wheat were grown in Little Massingham. In 1825 the cultivation had increased to between three and four hundred acres.
In the late 1800's: 
Good Blue clay suitable for making both white and red bricks was found in the Parish, and near at hand there is a stratum of good sand, and a spring of water which has never been known to fail even in the dryest summers. A brick-yard has been made whence one million bricks are turned out per annum.
Saint Andrew's church.
The Church of Saint Andrew with its square embattled tower, is a small but picturesque building. The principle entrance is by the south porch, which appears to rest on the foundation of some still earlier building. On each side of this entrance there are niches which once held the statues of the Virgin and St. Andrew, while above it are two lichen-covered stone escuteons, bearing the arms of the de Thorpes. The porch is lighted by small perpendicular windows, and around the bottom of the roof runs the inscription, carved in oak:
The hour cometh and now the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth.
The church of St. Andrew consists of a chancel and a nave. The nave is divided into aisles by octagonal pillars supporting pointed arches.
The pews were replaced in 1857 at the same time the roof was repaired and re-leaded, the floor tiled, the font (which formally stood behind the south door) removed to its present situation. Other improvements were made, under the supervision of Mr Jeckel, an architect of Norwich. He designed the very handsome pulpit, composed of Caen stone and marble.
The present handsome inner roof of the chancel was added in 1880 by the Rev. J. L. Brereton.
The first recorded Rector of Massingham Parva was in 1286.
The early Parish Registers were on parchment and date from the reign of Queen Elizabeth I. 
All the entries, up to the year 1599 were copied from earlier records, in accordance with a canon published in the reign of Elizabeth. The last chapter of Massingham Parva shows the date of 1559 for the first marriage. First burials are recorded as from 1715 and Christenings from 1754.
The church was used during World War II by nearby RAF Great Massingham. A roll of honour with the names of those who served at the airfield is kept in the church. The church yard contains graves of some of the aircrew from RAF Great Massingham .
The station at Little Massingham.
A driving force behind the building of the Lynn & Fakenham railway line was the Revd. Joseph Lloyd Brereton of Little Massingham. Supporters of the project used to meet at his rectory in the 1870s. As a result of their endeavours the line was built from Lynn to Massingham and the station and line was opened on the 16th August 1879. Later the line was extended and continued onto Fakenham opening on the 16th August 1880.
This is a view of the station some thirty years after the trains first ran and a prominent feature is the criss-cross fencing which was found all over the Midland & Great Northern Joint Railway. 
This was abbreviated to (M&GN), interpreted by many as meaning the Muddle & Get Nowhere Railway. Massingham was also the only station between South Lynn and Fakenham to have a footbridge. When the line was closed in the 1960s the main ticket office and waiting rooms and the stationmaster's house were converted into two houses.
References.
Some of the above text contains a combination of actual quotes and a précis of accounts written by the Rev. Ronald F. McLeod author of "Massingham Parva: Past and Present". Published by Waterlow & Sons Ltd of London in 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="20533187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533187" title="Grass Creek, Utah">
Grass Creek, Utah

Grass Creek is a ghost town in Summit County, Utah, United States. Lying some northeast of Coalville, it was once an important coal mining town. Grass Creek was inhabited about 1860–1940.
History.
After coal was discovered along the Weber River and the town of Coalville founded in 1859, Brigham Young sent more searchers in 1860 to explore further. They discovered other coal beds thick just north over the hill, in Grass Valley Canyon. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints soon opened a coal mine in the canyon. A few miners' families settled around the mine, calling their settlement "Grass Creek".
The silver mining boom in the Park City area in the 1870s created a sudden demand for coal. Non-Mormon investors quickly moved in to develop the canyon's mines. The Grass Creek Fuel Company established its own company town at Grass Creek. The company built homes on the north side of the canyon, with the business district on the south. As the population grew, Grass Creek added numerous buildings, from miners' shacks to fine stone homes for mine owners. There was even a Chinatown.
Until 1873 the coal was hauled by ox teams through Parley's Canyon into Salt Lake City. In that year a narrow gauge railway called the Summit County Railroad was built from the Union Pacific Railroad line at Echo through Coalville to Grass Creek. Despite high Union Pacific freight charges, the railroad was still a more efficient way to ship the coal. Then in 1881 the Union Pacific built the standard gauge Echo and Park City Railroad, which paralleled the Summit County Railroad between Echo and Coalville. The branch line from Coalville to Grass Creek became dual gauge, with three rails to carry trains of both gauges. The Union Pacific even operated its own Grass Creek coal mine from 1880–1887. The increasing involvement of the Union Pacific Railroad in the area was troubling to many residents, who saw the company as a predatory monopoly. Grass Creek was completely dependent on its coal mines, which were at the mercy of the railroad. It was commonly believed that the Union Pacific deliberately raised shipping rates and limited the number of coal cars leaving Coalville, in favor of the company's own coal mines in Rock Springs, Wyoming.
Despite its precarious dependence on a single industry, Grass Creek continued to grow through the end of the 19th century. The canyon's activity peaked about 1881–1910. By 1904 there was a school and post office in town, and in 1907 Ogden millionaire David Eccles bought up more than of the Grass Creek Coal Company's coal fields and established the Union Fuel Company. The population of Grass Creek was recorded as 190 in the 1910 United States Census, after which it dropped off considerably.
Decline.
Grass Creek's coal was found in soft clay, and the mines began to fill with water, causing dangerous cave-ins. The cost and risk of mining coal here made it hard to compete with safer mines that yielded better quality coal. By 1921 only two mines remained in operation, but they were still producing about per day. By 1931 the only remaining buyer of Grass Creek coal was the cement plant at Croydon. That year the cement plant shut down, and in 1932 the Union Pacific asked permission to abandon the Grass Creek spur line. The coal mines continued a few more years when the cement plant won a contract to supply the construction of Boulder Dam, but the Grass Creek mines and railroad were permanently closed by 1940.
All of Grass Valley Canyon is now privately owned and closed to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="20533194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533194" title="The Boy Sherlock Holmes">
The Boy Sherlock Holmes

The Boy Sherlock Holmes series of novels, by Shane Peacock, are the childhood exploits of the famous fictional detective Sherlock Holmes. All are published by simultaneously by Tundra Books in Canada and the U.S. (and appear in other countries and languages, including China, France, Indonesia, and Spain).
Reception.
"Eye of the Crow" was selected as a "Booklist" "Top Ten in Young Mysteries" and was a winner of the Arthur Ellis Award for Juvenile Crime Fiction.
"School Library Journal" called the series "spellbinding" and stated that "Younger YAs will be captivated by Shane Peacock’s "The Boy Sherlock Holmes," a series of novels".
All have won Junior Library Guild of America Premier Selection Awards. The series as a whole has garnered more than 40 awards, nominations, and honors.

</doc>
<doc id="20533199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533199" title="Wyoming Highway 240">
Wyoming Highway 240

Wyoming Highway 240 is a state road that in Lincoln County, Wyoming that connects US 30 and US 189 in the southeastern end of the county.
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 240 is a north-south highway that runs from US 30 in Opal north to a north end at US 189 located approximately northeast of Kemmerer. WYO 240 Acts as a bypass for travelers connecting from US 30 west to US 189 north.

</doc>
<doc id="20533205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533205" title="Operation Sawdust">
Operation Sawdust

Operation Sawdust is the 47th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on June 15, 1953, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
Lumber mill workers Woody Woodpecker and Buzz Buzzard are friends when they are sawing trees, but when Wally Walrus (making a brief cameo as the lumber camp chef) rings the dinner bell, they become bitter enemies. Woody and Buzz duke it out over food, with the woods being pecked to death in the process.
Censorship.
The scene where Buzz Buzzard is sliced down the center is excised from television prints since the 1990s.
Notes.
"Operation Sawdust" marked Wally Walrus's final appearance in a "Woody Woodpecker" theatrical "cartune". He had already long since been replaced as Woody's main foil by Buzz Buzzard by this time. Wally would later appear in two "Chilly Willy" "cartunes", and then had his last appearance in the 1964 Woody TV special "Spook-A-Nanny". The last cartoon pairing Buzz Buzzard & Wally Walrus.

</doc>
<doc id="20533210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533210" title="Todd Graves (entrepreneur)">
Todd Graves (entrepreneur)

Todd Graves (born February 20, 1972) is an American entrepreneur and the founder, chairman and CEO of Raising Cane's Chicken Fingers, a fast food restaurant that offers fried chicken fingers as its only main course. Graves, along with Craig Silvey, founded the restaurant in Baton Rouge, Louisiana on August 28, 1996. Graves graduated from Episcopal High School in Baton Rouge, LA.
Raising Cane's Chicken Fingers.
Graves had a vision for a quick-service restaurant focusing on a simple menu item, chicken fingers. Unable to gain financing, Graves decided to raise his own capital and worked as a boilermaker in Los Angeles, California and a commercial sockeye salmon fisherman in Naknek, Alaska. On August 28, 1996, Graves opened Raising Cane's for business. Over the next 12 years, Graves would oversee the company expansion to more than 100 restaurants and more than $100 million in annual sales.
Awards & recognition.
The Baton Rouge Business Report, a local business news magazine, named Graves the Young Businessperson of the Year in 2002. Additionally, the Business Report named Graves to their 2000 Top 40 Under 40 list, a recognition given to young businessmen and women in the Baton Rouge Capital Region for their achievements before the age of 40. Graves has also been named an Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year 2008 award winner.
"Secret Millionaire".
Graves was selected to participate in the Fox Broadcasting version of the reality television show, "Secret Millionaire". The show follows a group of individual millionaires from across the country who leave their affluent, luxurious lifestyle to go undercover to experience life in some of the most impoverished communities that need help the most. Graves's restaurant chain, Raising Cane's, maintains an active community involvement through volunteering and monetary donations. They are active in aiding schools, food banks, pet welfare and active lifestyle programs. Graves has stated that Raising Cane's has given over 27% of earnings back to its communities.

</doc>
<doc id="20533211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533211" title="Bowes Reed">
Bowes Reed

Bowes Reed (November 1740 — July 20, 1794) was a Revolutionary officer, politician, and public servant from New Jersey. He was the brother of Joseph Reed, a member of the Continental Congress and President of the Supreme Executive Council of Pennsylvania (equivalent to Governor).
Early life and career.
Reed was born in 1740 in Trenton, New Jersey (then part of Hunterdon County) to Andrew Reed, a shopkeeper and merchant, and Theodosia Bowes. In 1767 he was appointed surrogate of Hunterdon County, and he later resided in Burlington. In 1773 he was licensed as an attorney-at-law, but he never became a counsellor. 
Revolutionary War.
In June 1776, at the beginning of the Revolution, the Provincial Congress of New Jersey appointed Reed Lieutenant Colonel of the battalion to be raised in Gloucester, Salem, Cumberland and Burlington counties. One of his duties was the guarding of William Franklin, the last Colonial Governor of New Jersey, who had been taken prisoner. In September 1776 he was commissioned Colonel of the First Regiment of Burlington, resigning in March 1778.
Reed served in a number of other capacities during the Revolution. He was appointed Clerk of the Supreme Court of New Jersey in 1776, and he served as a Justice of the Peace of Burlington County from 1777 to 1779. In 1778 he was named Deputy Secretary of State of New Jersey, and later that year, upon the resignation of Charles Pettit (the husband of Reed's sister Sarah), he was elevated to the position of Secretary of State. 
Post-war years.
Reed continued as Secretary of State after the War, serving until his death in 1794. In 1784, the New Jersey Legislature appointed him Mayor of Burlington. He was reappointed in 1789 and served until his death.
Family.
By his first wife, Margaret Johnstone, Reed had four children:
After his first wife died during childbirth in December 1786, he married Caroline Moore, daughter of Dr. Alexander Moore of Bordentown. Caroline died on November 6, 1789.
Death.
Reed died on July 20, 1794 at the age of 53. The executors of his will were his brother-in-law Charles Pettit and his son-in-law Joseph McIlvaine; Joseph Bloomfield, later Governor of New Jersey, was one of the witnesses. Reed is buried in Saint Mary's Episcopal Churchyard in Burlington.

</doc>
<doc id="20533222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533222" title="Wrestling Wrecks">
Wrestling Wrecks

Wrestling Wrecks is the 48th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on July 20, 1953, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
With his TV busted, and not content to sit at home, Woody Woodpecker dashes off to the arena to attend a wrestling match. His heckling leads to one thing: an apparently one-sided match with the champ. Woody ends up becoming the new champ.

</doc>
<doc id="20533252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533252" title="Mark Miremont">
Mark Miremont

Mark Miremont is an American philosopher, photographer, filmmaker, music video director and artist.
Early Life & Education.
Mark Miremont was born in Madrid, Spain and studied philosophy at UCLA and Harvard. He began his artistic endeavors with hundreds of poetic aphorisms graffitied in Downtown Los Angeles and the Mission District of San Francisco at the same time as other California "outsider artists" like Joey Krebs, "Chaka" and Robbie Conal. This work culminating in a 60 foot piece on the side of the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles.
Film & Photography.
After street art landed him in legal trouble, he moved on to film and directed several music videos, the first of which was for "Flower", by Soundgarden. Much of his work was shown on MTV's alternative music program 120 Minutes. His experimental films have screened with works by Andy Warhol and Stan Brakhage. These, and his work in music video, caught the attention of Robert Redford’s Sundance Institute while Miremont was a first year grad student at UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television. He was invited to develop his first script, The White Ocean, at the prestigious Director’s Lab during that same year. Quentin Tarantino and Tom Noonan were two of the other seven first time directors.
He is widely regarded for his unique color photography of fellow artists and his "brash, sensual, figurative work largely is responsible for the resurgence of the pinup".
Philosophy.
In 2010, he released "The Resurrection of Beauty - a manifesto for the future of art" to coincide with the exhibit of new photographs and the premiere of a film of the same name in Amsterdam.

</doc>
<doc id="20533253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533253" title="CleveMed">
CleveMed

CleveMed (Cleveland Medical Devices Inc.) is a medical device company that focuses on developing, manufacturing and marketing technologies for sleep disorders. It was founded by Robert N. Schmidt in 1990 and is located in Cleveland, Ohio.
Mission statement.
CleveMed's mission is to develop, manufacture, and market rehabilitation and monitoring products that improve quality of life and allow patients to leave the hospital earlier, thus lowering total health care costs.
History.
The company was incorporated in 1991 to develop biomedical signal processing and instrumentation devices. It has since devoted its primary focus to addressing clinical needs in the areas of sleep disorders such as sleep apnea and movement disorders such as Parkinson’s disease. Over the last decade, CleveMed grew from a single-person enterprise to a business employing more than 35 people and training multiple students each year. It has also been the recipient of several awards.
Sleep Disorders Division.
An estimated 15 million people in the U.S. alone are affected by a sleep disorder, many of whom remain undiagnosed. Of those that have been diagnosed, many are unhappy with their treatment options.
The Division of Sleep Disorders' offerings include home sleep testing monitors, web services, and several complete wireless PSG devices. By using these devices, patients can be tested in inpatient rooms and monitored by a technologist at a remote location - even if the sleep lab is far away.
Each system is configured not just for studies in the traditional sleep lab setting, but also for nontraditional sleep lab applications such as hospital inpatient testing, outpatient pre-surgical testing, nursing homes, "hotel sleep labs" and patients´ homes. There are a number of products commercially available.

</doc>
<doc id="20533256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533256" title="Petar Stanev">
Petar Stanev

Petar Stanev (:born 22 September 1975 in Plovdiv) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for Dimitrovgrad. He is a central forward.
Career.
Stanev started his career playing football at his local club Maritsa. Then moving onwards to Lokomotiv Sofia, Chernomorets Burgas, CSKA Sofia and Akademik Sofia. In September 2008 he signed with Nigerian club Heartland F.C., Stanev featured in the second half of their pre-season friendly against Dolphins FC at the Sam Okwaraji Memorial Stadium in Orlu.
Heartland won 1-0 through an 87th minute goal scored by Ikechukwu Ibeneghu, but Stanov was the cynosure of all eyes, clearly different from the other 21 players on the pitch because of his skin colour.

</doc>
<doc id="20533271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533271" title="The New Ten Commandments">
The New Ten Commandments

The New Ten Commandments is a feature-length documentary film which premiered at the Edinburgh International Film Festival in 2008.
The film was produced by Nick Higgins from Lansdowne Productions and Noémie Mendelle from the Scottish Documentary Institute and has 10 film-chapter directors for each of the 10 chapters of the film - Kenny Glenaan, Douglas Gordon, Nick Higgins, Irvine Welsh, Mark Cousins, Sana Bilgrami, Alice Nelson, Tilda Swinton, Doug Aubrey, David Graham Scott and Anna Jones.
The film's unifying theme is human rights in Scotland with each chapter illustrating one of the "New Ten Commandments" - 10 articles chosen from the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The 10 film chapters of The New Ten Commandments.
The film was scheduled for its first television broadcast as "The New 10 Commandments" in Scotland on BBC Two Scotland in December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20533274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533274" title="Hot Noon (or 12 O'Clock for Sure)">
Hot Noon (or 12 O'Clock for Sure)

"Hot Noon (or 12 O'Clock For Sure)" is the 51st animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on October 12, 1953, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
Woody is a piano player at the Old Crow Bar where a beautiful Mexican woman wearing a red dress and a big green sombrero sits atop his piano. Word of Buzz Buzzard coming to town looking to kill the sheriff spreads and every sheriff at the Bar gives Woody their badges. The woman still sitting on the piano then takes Woody in her arms and says, "Es mi hombre magnifico. You are my little sheriff. You will get the bad hombre, no?" Then she gives him a big kiss, convincing him to stop Buzz.
Notes.
"Hot Noon (or 12 O'Clock For Sure)" was the first entry in the "Woody Woodpecker" series directed by veteran animator/director Paul J. Smith, who had worked at the studio as animator for several years. Smith had directed a handful of Lantz "cartunes" by the time this film was released. This also the only appearance of Buzz Buzzard's brothers, Booze and Bizz Buzzard.

</doc>
<doc id="20533276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533276" title="Medhātithi">
Medhātithi

Medhātithi is one of the oldest and most famous commentators on the , more commonly known as the Laws of Manu. The text is a part of the Hindu Dharmaśāstra tradition, which attempts to record the laws of dharma.
Location.
There is some debate over the exact location in which Medhātithi composed his commentary, but there is significant evidence which places him in Kashmir. Julius Jolly argues that he was an inhabitant of Southern India, while Georg Bühler argues (and P. V. Kane tends to agree) that he was a Kashmirian, or at least an inhabitant of Northern India. Robert Lingat does not acknowledge a debate about Medhātithi's origin, stating explicitly "one knows nothing about him save that he lived in Kashmir." Clearly, the exact origin is unknown and may never be known, but there seems to be a tendency to place him at least in the northern part of India, if not in Kashmir.
Dating and Historical Context.
As with most ancient texts, the exact date that Medhātithi's commentary was written is unknown. Kane argues that, because Medhātithi names several other commentators that are dated earlier than he is, and because the author of the Mitākṣarā (a commentary on the Yajnavalkya Smriti) considers him as authoritative, he has to be writing later than 820 CE and before 1050 CE. Lingat places him in the ninth century or in the early tenth century at the latest.

</doc>
<doc id="20533285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533285" title="The Cardinals">
The Cardinals

The Cardinals were a successful American R&B group of the 1950s. Although overshadowed by the legendary Orioles, The Cardinals are still remembered as one of the best R&B ballad acts to come out of Baltimore.
Origins.
The Cardinals’ career began in 1946 (one year before The Orioles) when Leon Hardy and Meredith Brothers convinced Donald Johnson to join them in harmony on the corner of Gay Street and Forest. Donald drafted his friend Ernie Warren to round out a quartet and the new group on the block became The Mellotones. They did the usual round of Baltimore bars and nightclubs for experience, singing the songs of black and white pop groups like The Fourtunes, The Ink Spots, And The Ames Brothers. They picked up a fifth member, Jack Aydelotte, when he and they were separately scheduled to perform on The Major Baumgartner Show, a local TV talent show. They never got on the air as the show ran overtime, but thanks to the booking they now had five members including an accompanist (Jack also played guitar).
Recording contract.
The years passed and a record contract came their way with the help of Super Music Record Shop store owner Sam Azrael. With group member Donald Johnson working in the store for years, Azrael had had plenty of exposure to the crooners. When Herb Abramson, co-founder of Atlantic Records, passed through Baltimore in 1951 on a talent search, Azrael gave the act an audition, and it’s reported the group left the shop that very night as the newest artists on Atlantic.
In March 1950 the group came to New York, cutting four sides for their first release and simultaneously becoming The Cardinals. Five months later "Shouldn’t I Know" peaked at #7 on the Billboard Best Seller R&B chart. It is a pretty ballad that was written by Meredith Brothers, but in a maneuver that was typical of the music business at time, store owner Azrael wound up listed as a co-writer.
Their next session of songs, recorded on October 6, 1950, included their second single "I’ll Always Love You", another ballad that featuring Ernie’s strong lead ably supported by the warbling Cardinals. They also recorded an R&B version of "Wheel of Fortune" later to be released as their 3rd single in February 1951. Between February and March 1951, various versions of the song were pop hits for Kay Starr (#1), Bobby Wayne (#6), The Bell Sisters (#10) and Sunny Gale (#13). The Cardinals, with the only R&B version, scored a #6 hit R&B record.
Member changes.
Right after the release of "Wheel of Fortune" in February 1951, Ernie was drafted and replaced by Leander Tarve. The new member led the group through their next single, “The Bump,” released the first week of August 1952.
Toward the end of 1952 Tarver left and James Brown (no, not that one) joined. Ernie returned on leave from the military just in time to record "You Are My Only Love" and three other tunes on January 13, 1953. With James Brown still in the lineup, this session benefited from six very good voices.
Next releases.
The group had not had a single in five months and it was beginning to appear that Atlantic was either losing interest or waiting for Ernie to return full-time from the army. This is at least one possible explanation for the release of only two singles in two years. They were "You Are My Only Love", released the fourth week of May 1953, and "Under a Blanket of Blue" (a song recorded nearly 2-1/2 years earlier) released the third week of April 1954. Ernie rejoined the group full-time in March 1954, but the septet wasn’t brought in to record until January 18, 1955, more than two years after their last session. The primary yield of this four-song date was the Chuck Willis-penned "The Door Is Still Open to My Heart", which was issued as a single in the fourth week of February 1955.
A stunning vocal interpretation of a deceptively simple melody gave the Cardinals their biggest hit as "The Door Is Still Open (To My Heart)" reached top 10 R&B Best Seller and #7 Jukebox for a total of 13 weeks. Billboard R&B charts later listed it as the 43rd best seller of 1955.
The Cardinals' records at this time were some of their best, though not their most popular. In July 1955 Atlantic released the group’s 8th single, "Come Back My Love", a song issued five months earlier by Rama Records artists The Wrens. Neither charted, though both would later become doo wop cult classics. December arrived with "Here Goes My Heart to You", an ultra-smooth ballad that somehow escaped notice. The same happened to their all-time best ballad effort Offshore and "The End of the Story", their next-to-last Atlantic single.
The group’s last Atlantic single was another tasty ballad titled "One Love", worth mentioning because of the writing team that created it, Lou Stallman and Joe Shapiro (the same pair who wrote Perry Como’s hit “Round and Round”). It was released in January 1957, just around the time the group called it quits. Ernie formed a new group in late 1957 with tenors Sonny Hatchett and Jimmy Ricks (not The Ravens’ bass lead), baritone Richard Williams, and Jim Boone on bass. They recorded several sides, including the early 1950s-sounding ballad "Have I Been Gone Too Long" These almost a cappella recordings stayed in the vaults for 17 years until Bim Barn Boom Records released an EP of the songs.
Group reformed.
In 1958, Ernie re-formed the original Cardinals with Johnson, Brothers, and Johnny Douglas, as well as Jim Boone. After a few months, the group added an all-white backup band, a strange combination for 1958.
The Cardinals performed into the early 1960s and then drifted apart for the last time. Among rhythm and blues record enthusiasts the group is as popular today as they were in the mid-1950s. Their nine Atlantic recording sessions produced 36 sides of which only 24 have ever been released.

</doc>
<doc id="20533305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533305" title="Wyoming Highway 89">
Wyoming Highway 89

Wyoming Highway 89 (WYO 89) is a north-south state road that jumps in and out of Wyoming three times, and runs through the western edges of and Uinta County, Wyoming and Lincoln County, Wyoming.
Highway 89 leaves the state of Wyoming for approximately , and becomes close to leaving the state two additional times. The portion in the state of Utah is known as Utah State Route 16 and Utah State Route 30. The only other routes that jump in and out of the state are U.S. Route 212 along the Beartooth Highway near Yellowstone National Park and Highway 230, which runs through the "Three Way Junction" of Colorado State Highways 125 and 127 south of the Snowy Range Mountains.
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 89 follows State Control Route 10 for its entire length.
Southern segment.
Wyoming Highway 89 has two different segments to its route. The first starts at I-80 / US 189 (Exit 5) and Highway 150 in Evanston. (The roadway continues south of I-80/US 189 as WYO 150 to the Utah border). From Exit 5, WYO 89 heads north as "Front Street" into downtown Evanston. At , Highway 89 turns north onto "Highway 89 north". From here, WYO 89 runs concurrent for a short distance with I-80 Business/US 189 Business until it intersects Bear River Drive where the business routes turn east. As Highway 89 leaves Evanston behind the roadway heads northwest. The highway passes through the former coal mining camp of Almy and reaches the Town of Bear River just before reaching the Utah state line. Bear River is one of Wyoming's newest towns, being incorporated in 2001. Just after leaving Bear River, WYO 89 temporarily ends at Utah State Route 16.
Utah connection.
The roadway continues as Utah SR 16. SR 16 intersects SR-39 in Woodruff, Utah at from its start at WYO 89. SR-16 ends at SR-30 in Sage Creek Junction, Utah at . SR-30 'East' travels back to Wyoming State Line, where at , SR-30 ends and WYO 89 resumes.
Northern segment.
The northern segment of Wyoming Highway 89 begins at Utah State Route 30 at the Utah-Wyoming state line west of Sage, Wyoming. WYO 89 travels northeast to US 30 at Sage. Here, WYO 89 turns north to join US 30 as it heads north
WYO 89 runs concurrent with US 30 for almost from Sage through Cokeville, north to one-half mile east of the Idaho-Wyoming state line. This section is also known as the "Emigrant Trail". At , US 30/WYO 89 intersects WYO 231 (E. Main St.) and WYO 232 in the Town of Cokeville. From there WYO 89 continues with US 30 north. At , WYO 89 ends its concurrency with US 30 near Border, Idaho.
Wyoming Highway 89 heads north from U.S. Route 30 as it continues westward. WYO 89 then travels north for approximately , closely paralleling the Idaho-Wyoming state line until it finally crosses it and finally ends near Geneva, Idaho. The roadway continues as Idaho State Highway 61 for a very short length of , until US 89 in Geneva, Idaho.
History.
According to an original network map of Wyoming State Highways, this route was defined as Wyoming Highway 65 in 1924. With the introduction of US routes in 1926, the route between Cokeville and Star Valley was renamed Highway 89, while the section south of Sage remained designated as Highway 65. This was done in the hopes that US 89 would be extended north into Wyoming. US 89 was extended in 1936 along old Highway 287. Highway 89 was recommissioned as Highway 91 to avoid confusion between the two highways, while Highway 65 kept its original number. However, within a few years, US 89 was rerouted to its current route in Utah and Idaho, and US 189 was created along old Highway 287. As a result, Wyoming recommissioned Highway 89 over both Highway 65 and Highway 91.

</doc>
<doc id="20533306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533306" title="Socko in Morocco">
Socko in Morocco

Socko in Morocco is the 52nd animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on January 18, 1954, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
Deep in the desert, Woody is a member of the French Foreign Legion. He must protect the voluptuous Princess Salami whom Sheik el Rancid (Buzz Buzzard) wants to kidnap to add to his harem, which already consists of 750 wives.
Woody falls in love with her after seeing the hourglass-figured woman Belly dance. Sheik el Rancid kidnaps her and takes her to his palace, leading Woody to come to her rescue.
Notes.
When Woody sees Princess Salami dancing, his eyes bulge out and he bounces up and down for joy. This is very similar to how he reacted when he heard Gorgeous Gal's sexy voice on the phone in "A Fine Feathered Frenzy" after she invited him over to her mansion by saying, "Mmmm, I love Woodpeckers! There's only one thing on my mind, sweetie: you! Come on over, dream boy. I'll be waiting!"

</doc>
<doc id="20533307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533307" title="Great Plan for the Transformation of Nature">
Great Plan for the Transformation of Nature

The Great Plan for the Transformation of Nature was proposed by Joseph Stalin in the Soviet Union in the second half of the 1940s, for land development, agricultural practices and water projects to improve agriculture in the nation. Its propaganda motto and catch phrase was great transformation of nature (). Styled in the traditions of Stalin's personality cult, it referred to the Decree of the USSR Council of Ministers and All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks) Central Committee of October 20, 1948: "On the plan for planting of shelterbelts, introduction of grassland crop rotation and construction of ponds and reservoirs to ensure high crop yields in steppe and forest-steppe areas of the European USSR." It was a response to the widespread 1946 drought and subsequent 1947 famine, which led to estimated deaths of 500,000 - 1 million people.
Major projects.
A network of irrigation canals was built in the steppe belt of southern Soviet Union, and in the deserts of Central Asia.
A project was proposed to plant trees in a gigantic network of shelterbelts (, "lesopolosa", 'forest strip') across the steppes of southern Soviet Union, similar to what had been done in the northern plains of the United States in the 1930s following drought and extensive damage of the Dust Bowl years.
The government launched a number of extensive projects in land improvement, hydroengineering for water control, irrigation and power, and in supporting areas. Planned to be carried out until 1965, the projects were mostly abandoned after the death of Stalin. During the years of destalinization, his critics attacked the projects, chiefly because they were under the control of now discredited agronomist Trofim Lysenko. Despite their drawbacks in planning and implementation, the projects were based on ecological principles of developing natural environments that supported agriculture, which have been revived since the late twentieth century. The practices of planting appropriate crops, grasses and trees, for instance, is considered the best way to reduce soil erosion in dry areas rather than trying to impose practices from areas with more rain.
The project diverted the rivers that fed into the Aral Sea, thus contributing to its disappearance.

</doc>
<doc id="20533316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533316" title="Enciéndelo">
Enciéndelo

Enciéndelo is the first full-length album released by Mexican rock band, Coda. It was released in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="20533326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533326" title="Canon lourd de 12 Gribeauval">
Canon lourd de 12 Gribeauval

The Canon lourd de 12 Gribeauval (Gribeauval heavy 12-pounder cannon) was a French canon and part of the Gribeauval system developed by Jean Baptiste Vaquette de Gribeauval. It was part of the siege artillery.
The canon lourd de 12 Gribeauval was used extensively during the wars following the French Revolution, as well as the Napoleonic wars. 
Some of the earlier Gribeauval siege guns kept the baroque "dolphin" design for the handles.

</doc>
<doc id="20533339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533339" title="Fugitive emissions">
Fugitive emissions

Fugitive emissions are emissions of gases or vapors from pressurized equipment due to leaks and other unintended or irregular releases of gases, mostly from industrial activities. As well as the economic cost of lost commodities, fugitive emissions contribute to air pollution and climate change. A detailed inventory of greenhouse gas emissions from upstream oil and gas activities in Canada for the year 2000 estimated that fugitive equipment leaks had a global warming potential equivalent to the release of 17 million metric tonnes of carbon dioxide, or 12 per cent of all greenhouse gases emitted by the sector. Venting of natural gas, flaring, accidental releases and storage losses accounted for an additional 38 per cent. 
Fugitive emissions present other risks and hazards. Emissions of volatile organic compounds such as benzene from oil refineries and chemical plants pose a long term health risk to workers and local communities. In situations where large amounts of flammable liquids and gases are contained under pressure, leaks also increase the risk of fire and explosion.
Leaks from pressurized process equipment generally occur through valves, pipe connections, mechanical seals, or related equipment. Fugitive emissions also occur at evaporative sources such as waste water treatment ponds and storage tanks. Because of the huge number of potential leak sources at large industrial facilities and the difficulties in detecting and repairing some leaks, fugitive emissions can be a significant proportion of total emissions. Though the quantities of leaked gases may be small, gases that have serious health or environmental impacts can cause a significant problem. 
To minimize and control leaks at process facilities operators carry out regular leak detection and repair activities. Routine inspections of process equipment with gas detectors can be used to identify leaks and estimate the leak rate in order to decide on appropriate corrective action. Proper routine maintenance of equipment reduces the likelihood of leaks.
Because of the technical difficulties and costs of detecting and quantifying actual fugitive emissions at a site or facility, and the variability and intermittent nature of emission flow rates, bottom-up estimates based on standard emission factors are generally used for annual reporting purposes.
New technologies are under development that could revolutionize the detection and monitoring of fugitive emissions. One technology, known as differential absorption light detection and ranging (DIAL), can be used to remotely measure concentration profiles of hydrocarbons in the atmosphere up to several hundred meters from a facility. DIAL has been used for refinery surveys in Europe for over 15 years. A pilot study carried out in 2005 using DIAL found that actual emissions at a refinery were fifteen times higher than those previously reported using the emission factor approach. The fugitive emissions were equivalent to 0.17% of the refinery throughput.
Portable gas leak imaging cameras are also a new technology that can be used to improve leak detection and repair, leading to reduced fugitive emissions. The cameras use infrared imaging technology to produce video images in which invisible gases escaping from leak sources can be clearly identified.

</doc>
<doc id="20533348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533348" title="Feels Like Christmas">
Feels Like Christmas

"Feels Like Christmas" is the tenth single released by the soft rock/pop group The Feeling as a one-off promotional single before the Christmas chart. It was released as a download-only single on 15 December 2008. The song was originally written by lead singer Dan Gillespie Sells several years before on his piano. He said on the band's official website: "I'm the opposite of the 'Bah Humbug' Christmas grump. I've always loved Christmas and the surrounding hullabaloo - especially the songs from Bing to Slade to Wizzard to Bing and Bowie. I wrote and recorded this one several years ago on the piano, but never intended it to be released so I kept it a secret. We added the drums and strings this year and then we thought it might be a good time to let people hear it to see what they thought!"
"Feels Like Christmas", perhaps because of its limited promotional release, only made it to #139 in the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20533354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533354" title="Embryological origins of the mouth and anus">
Embryological origins of the mouth and anus

The embryological origin of the mouth and anus is an important characteristic, and forms the morphological basis for separating bilaterian animals into two natural groupings: the protostomes and deuterostomes.
In animals at least as complex as an earthworm, a dent forms in one side of the early, spheroidal embryo. This dent, the blastopore, deepens to become the archenteron, the first phase in the growth of the gut. 
In deuterostomes (including humans), the original dent becomes the anus, while the gut eventually tunnels through the embryo until it reaches the other side, forming an opening that becomes the mouth.
It was originally thought that the blastopore of the protostomes formed the mouth, and the anus was formed second when the gut tunneled through the embryo. More recent research has shown that our understanding of protostome mouth formation is somewhat less secure than we had thought. The edges of the dent appear to move together and close up in the middle, leaving openings at the ends which become the mouth and anus.
However, this idea has been challenged, because the Acoelomorpha, which form a sister group to the rest of the bilaterian animals, have a single mouth which leads into a blind gut (with no anus). The genes employed in the embryonic construction of the flatworm mouth are the same as those expressed around the protostomes', which suggests that the two structures are equivalent, and that the older ideas about protostome mouth formation were correct. An alternative way to develop two openings from the blastopore during gastrulation, called amphistomy, appears to exist as well in animals like nematodes.
Evolutionary origin.
Bilaterians evolved from a jellyfish-like ancestor, which was radially symmetrical. There have been suggestions that the blastopore started out as the digestive surface on a radial organism, which became elongated (and thus bilaterially symmetrical) before its sides closed over to leave a mouth at the front and an anus at the rear. This matches with the "flaps-folding-over" model of gut formation, but an alternative view is that the original blastopore migrated forwards to one end of the ancestral organism, before deepening to become a blind gut. This is consistent with living flatworms, which are basal to protostomes and deuterostomes. The story is a little more complex, because the blastopore itself does not go on to become the mouth. However, flatworms, the sister group to the rest of the bilaterians, branched off from the ancestral stock before the bilaterian group originated, and have a mouth at one end and a blind gut. This suggests that the last common ancestor of bilaterians had a similar gut configuration, and that the anus evolved after the mouth.
Exactly how a through gut formed from this blind gut is somewhat harder to tell. The genetic mechanisms responsible for anus formation are quite variable, which might suggest that the anus evolved several times in different groups. Scientists are currently looking into this matter to generate a more complete picture.
Monophyly.
The origin of the digestive tract separates the protostomes from the deuterostomes, and genetic data backs up the premise that the monophyletic deuterostomes form a sister group to the monophyletic protostomes. This confirmation is important because it paints a picture of the ancestral bilaterian having a blind gut, with two alternative methods of anus-development leading to the two groups of organisms that dominate the diversity of animal life today. In other words, the deuterostomes did not arise from within the protostomes by modifying the method of gut formation, but are an unrelated lineage; the significance of developing an anus is reflected by the success of these two clades.

</doc>
<doc id="20533367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533367" title="The Courage to Care">
The Courage to Care

The Courage to Care is a 1985 American short documentary film directed by Robert H. Gardner and produced by Dr. Carol Rittner, RSM, about non-Jews who rescued Jews during the Holocaust. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short. Dr. Rittner's book of the same name is a companion volume to the film, which also includes the personal narratives of the same persons in the film and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="20533402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533402" title="Ramat Denya">
Ramat Denya

Ramat Denya (Hebrew: רמת דניה) (lit. "Denya Heights") is a neighborhood in southwest Jerusalem, Israel. It was established in 1970 between Kiryat Hayovel and Bayit Vegan, 780 meters above sea level. Denya was the name of the development company that built the first apartment buildings.
Streets.
The streets in Ramat Denya are named for: Abel Pann (1887–1963), an artist and teacher at the Bezalel Academy of Art and Design; Aryeh (Louis) Kobovy (1896–1966) a Labor Zionist leader in Belgium and Israeli consul to Poland and Czechoslovakia; Zeitlin in memory of two brothers, Hillel (1872–1943), a philosopher and researcher of Hasidism who was killed by the Nazis, and Aharon (1898–1973), a writer and poet; Edward Gelber (1904–1971), a Canadian Zionist leader who emigrated to Israel in 1954 and his wife Hanna a notable physician and a WIZO leader in Israel; Yosef Haim Shrim (1851–1949), rabbi of the Syrian Jewish community; Zvi Leibowitz (1897–1980), a Jerusalem municipal planner who oversaw the transport of supplies to Jerusalem during the siege of 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="20533417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533417" title="Økonomisk Rapport">
Økonomisk Rapport

Økonomisk Rapport (English: "Financial Report") is a monthly business magazine published in Norwegian. Owned by Fora Medier, it has a circulation of 20 000, 140 000 readers, and is published in Oslo. The magazine was founded in 1975. It also publishes an online newspaper.
Ivar Hippe was Editor-in-Chief of the magazine from 1999-2002.
Current Editot-in-Chief of the magazine is Terje Aurdal
External links.
Official site

</doc>
<doc id="20533445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533445" title="German post offices in the Ottoman Empire">
German post offices in the Ottoman Empire

The German post offices abroad were a network of post offices in foreign countries established by Germany to provide mail service where the local services were deemed unsafe or unreliable. They were generally set up in cities with some sort of German commercial interest. In early use only the cancellation mark can identify their postal use abroad; such stamps are known as "Vorläufer" (forerunner) stamps. Later stamps are identified by overprints even when not postally used. German abroad stamps started appearing in the late 19th century and reached their heyday at the beginning of the 20th century; they closed down during or shortly after World War I.
It was not unusual for countries to maintain such offices and Austria-Hungary, China, France, Greece, Italy, Romania, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States all did so. In the latter part of 19th century and into the 20th century, having extraterritorial post offices was one indication of a nation's international power.
German post offices in the Ottoman Empire.
On March 1, 1870, the Norddeutscher Postbezirk (i.e. the postal service of the North German Confederation) opened its first office in Constantinople (Istanbul) using definitive stamps without overprint. After January 1872, the Reichspost took over the management of the office and expanded it further as "Deutsche Post in der Türkei". Prior to 1884, this office used ordinary definitive German stamps without any distinctive overprint. 
Starting in 1884, stamps began to be issued with overprints restating the stamp's face value in the Turkish denominations, i.e. piasters and paras. The overprint did not include an additional country name, as was the case with stamps issued for use at the German post offices in Morocco and China. 
As was the case with all German Offices Abroad issues, stamps issued prior to 1905 had overprints in a “Latin” font in several varieties. Starting in 1905, the overprint was changed to a “Gothic” font which continued in use until the beginning of the First World War.
Beginning in 1908, the German Post Offices in Turkey issued an additional set of stamps which it sold at the same time as the series overprinted with values in Turkish piasters. This 1908 series had diagonal overprints with new denominations in French centimes instead of horizontal overprints in Turkish piaster denominations. The Reichspost decided to issue this French currency series as exchange rates made the parcel post rates charged by the German Post Office more expensive than those of other countries also operating in Turkey. For whatever reason, accepting French francs in exchange for stamps apparently made the German Parcel Post rates more competitive once more. 
With the entry of Turkey into WWI the offices were closed on 30 September 1914.
Post offices existed in these towns:

</doc>
<doc id="20533456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533456" title="West Cheshire Railway">
West Cheshire Railway

The West Cheshire Railway (WCR) was an early railway company based in Cheshire England.
Early Company history.
The WCR was incorporated on 11 July 1861. In 1861, the WCR requested powers to construct a line from Northwich to Chester, with a branch to Helsby, but parliamentary approval was received only for a line via Mouldsworth to Helsby. In 1862, the WCR again sought powers for their line to Chester, with connecting branches from Mouldsworth to Helsby and from Cuddington to Winsford. Again, parliamentary approval was restricted, being confined to the line to Helsby and a branch to Winsford.
Construction and early WCR operations.
Following receipt of its statutory powers, the WCR commenced construction of its main 14.6 mile (23 km) line running west from the existing Cheshire Midland Railway at Northwich to join the Birkenhead Railway at Helsby Junction. On 15 August 1867, the WCR became a constituent of the Cheshire Lines Committee (CLC). Construction continued and the line from Northwich to Helsby opened for goods traffic on 1 September 1869 and for passenger trains on 22 June 1870. The public passenger service from Northwich to Helsby lasted only until 1 May 1875, but workmen's trains continued until 1944. From 1 May 1875, passenger trains from Northwich were re-routed south from Mouldsworth to operate along the newly opened line to Chester Northgate (see below). 
A six-mile (9.6 km) branch line was built from Cuddington Junction to Winsford & Over railway station, which opened to goods traffic on 1 June 1870 and to passenger trains on 1 July 1870. A further short but important one mile 66 chains (3.2 km) branch line to Winnington, for goods traffic only, opened on 1 September 1869. This line, branching off the WCR route 1 mile 14 chains south of Northwich Junction, primarily served the Brunner Mond chemical works.
Route and Stations.
The WCR's main line left Northwich in a southwesterly direction and crossed the River Dane and the River Weaver by means of a half-mile long viaduct with forty-eight stone arches and two wrought-iron girder bridges. The first station out of Northwich was Hartford and Greenbank, renamed Greenbank on 7 May 1973. Further stations were located at Cuddington, Delamere, Mouldsworth, and Manley before the line's terminus at Helsby and Alvanley station. A goods station, engine shed and locomotive turntable were constructed between Helsby station and the junction with the Birkenhead Railway. Although the passenger service from Northwich to Helsby was terminated in 1875, the line from Mouldsworth to Helsby Junction continued in use until 14 September 1991 for freight trains heading for the Birkenhead Railway.
Chester & West Cheshire Junction Railway.
This company was incorporated on 5 July 1865 with the intention of seeking parliamentary approval for a railway linking the WCR's line at Mouldsworth Junction to a new station at Chester Northgate. It received authorisation and the company and its powers were transferred to the CLC on 10 August 1866.
Construction of the 7 miles 35 chains line began in 1871 and it opened for freight trains on 2 November 1874. Chester Northgate was completed on 1 May 1875, when passenger trains from Manchester and Northwich commenced running to the new station.

</doc>
<doc id="20533479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533479" title="Epoxygenase">
Epoxygenase

Epoxygenase is an enzyme that produces "hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acids" (HETEs) and epoxyeicosatrienoic acids (EETs) from arachidonic acid, causing effects such as cell proliferation and decrease in cyclooxygenase activity. 
Effects.
HETEs.
Hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acids cause:
EETs.
Generally, EETs cause:

</doc>
<doc id="20533504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533504" title="Veinte Para Las Doce">
Veinte Para Las Doce

Veinte Para Las Doce is the second album released by Mexican rock band, Coda. It was recorded on Jacob's Studios at Farnham, England and released in 1995. The album was produced by Robin Black who had previously worked with Pink Floyd, Black Sabbath, Bee Gees, and Supertramp. The arrangements were done by Spike Edney, keyboardist of Queen. The power ballad "Aún" includes a string arrangement by Edney. 

</doc>
<doc id="20533509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533509" title="Hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid">
Hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid

Hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20533522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533522" title="The Wizard of the Strings">
The Wizard of the Strings

__NOTOC__
The Wizard of the Strings is a 1985 American short documentary film about Roy Smeck, directed by Peter Friedman. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20533534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533534" title="Mike Diaz">
Mike Diaz

Michael Anthony Diaz (born April 15, 1960 in San Francisco, California) is a former professional baseball player. He played all or part of four seasons in Major League Baseball between 1983 and 1988, for the Chicago Cubs, Pittsburgh Pirates and Chicago White Sox. He also played four seasons in Nippon Professional Baseball from 1989 to 1992, After starting his career as a catcher, he split his time about equally between first base and the outfield.
Following his major league career, he played four seasons in Japan, from 1989 until 1992, for the Lotte Orions (who in 1992 became the Chiba Lotte Marines). He was nicknamed "Rambo" there due to a perceived resemblance to Sylvester Stallone. In 1990, he became the first foreign player to catch a game in NPB in 12 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20533535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533535" title="List of rivers of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines">
List of rivers of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines

This is a list of rivers of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. Rivers are listed in clockwise order, starting at the north end of the island.

</doc>
<doc id="20533556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533556" title="Radwell, Hertfordshire">
Radwell, Hertfordshire

Radwell is a village and civil parish in Hertfordshire, England. It is situated close to the A1 a little to the north of Baldock and Letchworth Garden City and is in the district of North Hertfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20533573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533573" title="Nivel 3">
Nivel 3

Nivel 3 is the third album released by Mexican rock band, Coda. It was released in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20533588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533588" title="Fraternal Day">
Fraternal Day

Fraternal Day is a legal holiday in the state of Alabama in the United States. It is celebrated annually on the second Monday in October on the same day as Columbus Day and American Indian Heritage Day.
Fraternal Day was originally celebrated on the second Thursday of October beginning in 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="20533589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533589" title="Implicit attitude">
Implicit attitude

Implicit attitudes are the positive or negative thoughts, feelings, or actions towards objects or groups which arise due to past experiences which one is either unaware of or which one cannot attribute to an identified previous experience. Among the most fundamental groups to which humans belong are their gender, race/ethnicity, age, socioeconomic status, religion, nationality, and political and intellectual orientations. The commonly used definition of implicit attitude within cognitive and social psychology comes from Greenwald & Banaji’s template for definitions of terms related to implicit cognition (see also implicit cognition, implicit stereotype, and implicit self-esteem for usage of this template):
"Implicit attitudes are introspectively unidentified (or inaccurately identified) traces of past experience that mediate favorable or unfavorable feeling, thought, or action toward social objects".
Note that an attitude is differentiated from the concept of a stereotype in that it functions as a broad favorable or unfavorable characteristic towards a social object whereas a stereotype is a set of favorable and/or unfavorable characteristics which is applied to an individual based on social group membership.
Awareness of implicit attitudes.
A review of research findings by Gawronski et al. (2006) proposed three different aspects of attitudes captured by current indirect measures that could be outside of conscious awareness: the source, the content, and the impact of an attitude. Source awareness is roughly described as the “awareness of the origin of a particular attitude” (emphasis added). Content awareness is differentiated from source awareness by the lack of awareness about the attitude, rather than simply its origin. Finally, one may have awareness of both the attitude and its source but the attitude may still have influences on thought or behavior beyond ones awareness; this can be thought of as impact awareness. On the basis of their review, Gawronski et al. (2006) conclude that (a) both indirectly assessed and self-reported attitudes can be characterized by lack of source awareness, (b) there is no evidence for lack of content awareness of indirectly assessed attitudes, and (c) there is some evidence showing that indirectly assessed, but not self-reported, attitudes can be characterized by lack of impact awareness. The most compelling evidence for content awareness of implicit attitudes has been provided by Hahn and colleagues who showed that people are highly accurate in predicting their scores on the Implicit Association Test.
Research on implicit attitudes.
Early focus on explicit attitudes.
Much of the literature within the field of social psychology has focused on explicit constructions of the attitude construct. Until more recently, examination of attitudes beyond reported awareness has lagged far behind that of explicit attitudes. This point is driven home in a review of research in the mid 1990s which found that among attitudinal research published in 1989, approximately only 1 in 9 experimental paradigms utilized an indirect measure of attitude (necessary for determining contributions of implicit attitudes) while all of the reviewed studies employed direct measures such as self report of attitudes which were explicitly aware to participants.
New ideas about implicit versus explicit attitudes.
Newer research has called into question the distinction between implicit and explicit attitudes. Fazio & Olson ask whether a person who is being primed to detect implicit attitudes is necessarily blind to their implicit beliefs. In their paper they bring up the question; just because a person is primed on an unconscious level and may indeed be answering on an unconscious level, does that not mean that they could still be aware of their attitudes nonetheless. "A second troublesome aspect of the implicit-explicit distinction is that it implies preexisting dual attitudes" They go on to say there is not a known test capable of measuring explicit attitudes solely without the influence of implicit attitudes as well. However, they do go on to say that context can have a significant effect on this particular line of research. People's explicitly stated and implicitly tested attitudes are more likely to be in sync for trivial matters such as preference in a presidential election than for highly charged issues such as predispositions towards a certain race. They exert that "The more sensitive the domain, the greater the likelihood that motivational factors will be evoked and exert some inﬂuence on overt responses to an explicit measure" In other words, it is easier to compare explicit and implicit attitudes on safe subjects than subjects where people are likely to mask their beliefs.
A prominent dual process theory specifying the relation between implicit and explicit attitudes is Gawronski and Bodenhausen's associative-propositional evaluation (APE) model. A central assumption of the APE model is that implicit and explicit evaluations are the product of two functionally distinct mental processes. Whereas implicit evaluations are assumed to be the outcome of associative processes, explicit evaluations are assumed to be the outcome of propositional processes. Associative processes are conceptualized as the activation of associations on the basis of feature similarity and spatio-temporal contiguity during learning. Propositional processes are defined as the validation of activated information on the basis of cognitive consistency. A central assumption of the APE model is that people tend to rely on their implicit evaluations when making explicit evaluative judgments to the extent that the implicit evaluative response is consistent with other momentarily considered propositional information. However, people may reject implicit evaluations for making explicit evaluative judgments when the implicit evaluative response is inconsistent with other momentarily considered propositional information. In addition to explaining the relation between implicit and explicit evaluations, the APE model accounts for diverging patterns of attitude change, including (a) changes in implicit but not explicit evaluations, (b) changes in explicit but not implicit evaluations, (c) corresponding changes in implicit and explicit evaluations, and (d) opposite changes in implicit and explicit evaluations.
Methods for investigation.
There are wide ranging experimental methods in the literature which provide evidence for the presence and effects of implicit attitudes on cognition and behavior. Following are links or brief descriptions where appropriate and findings from several of these methods.
Implicit Association Test.
The Implicit Association Test is a latency-based measure of the relative associations between two concepts. In a series of tasks, participants sort words or images representing a target concept such as race (white/black) and stimuli with known positive/negative valence into two categories (usually indicated by right or left location on a computer screen). Each category of concept words or images is paired with both positive and negative stimuli. Faster categorization indicates greater association between words and/or which are grouped together (ex. faster categorization of dogs when paired with positive rather than negative words) and therefore similar positive or negative attitude towards the concept in question. A full demonstration of the IAT procedure can be found at the Project Implicit link and the IAT Inquisit link below.
Research using the IAT measure of implicit attitudes has demonstrated consistent experimental and population-based attitudes with respect to concepts such as gender, race, and age. A recent analysis from the Project Implicit database found that science-gender stereotypes are predictive of differences in gender related math and science performance across countries in an international sample. Research has also successfully used the IAT in consumer research.
Evaluative priming task.
The evaluative priming task (sometimes also called an ‘affective priming task’) described by Fazio et al. (1986) is another latency-based measure which measures how quickly participants recognize positive or negative connotation of a stimulus adjective. Adjectives categorized by participants as most strongly positive or negative in connotation were used as attitudinal primes. These prime words were followed by target words which participants were asked to categorize based on a simple judgment such as ‘good’ or ‘bad’. Primes facilitate categorization (speed of response) of target words when they possess the same valence characteristics as the target words. It follows that quicker responding to target words in the presence of primes with positive valence indicates a more positive implicit attitude towards the target.
Research using the evaluative priming task has been frequently used in research on eating and attitudes towards food. In clinical studies, the procedure was used to study attitudes of those diagnosed with eating disorders such as anorexia nervosa. Along with many of the other methods presented here, researchers have used the procedure to measure the effects of stereotypes, including measurement of the effectiveness of stereotype reduction treatments.
Semantic priming task.
In the semantic priming task paradigm described by Wittenbrink et al. (1997), participants are shown a word prime at intervals which are too brief for reported awareness (see subliminal stimuli). The word prime consists of two groups of words representing the concept in question (such as black sounding names or white sounding names). Participants were then asked to complete a lexical decision task (LDT) to identify if target stimuli are words or a non-words. The target stimuli consist of words with known positive or negative valence. When words with positive valence are categorized more quickly in the presence of one group of word primes (such as black sounding names), this indicates positive attitudes towards the group.
Extrinsic Affective Simon Task (EAST).
In the Extrinsic Affective Simon Task (EAST) as described by De Houwer (2003), participants categorized stimuli which consisted of words that either had positive or negative valence that were presented in either the color white or two different colors. When the words are presented in white, participants categorize based words on their perceived positive or negative valence. When the words are presented in color, participants are asked to categorize based on color alone and ignore word meaning. When colored words are presented, categorization accuracy and speed are facilitated when, for words which the respondent has a positive implicit attitude, the response was the same as was expected for white words with obvious positive valence. A full demonstration of the EAST procedure can be found in the external links below.
The EAST has been used in research of attitudes of those who have specific phobias and/or anxiety. Additionally, the test has been recently used to measure implicit attitudes towards alcohol in populations who have substance abuse problems; and the test has been cited as having relatively high predictive value for problem substance use.
Go/No-go Association Task (GNAT).
In practice, the GNAT appears similar to the Implicit Association Test in that participants are asked to categorize targets representing either a concept (such as race; ex. white or black names) or words which have obvious positive or negative valence. Participants are asked to respond (‘go’) or decline to respond (‘no-go’) during a short interval after each of the stimuli are presented. In test trials, participants are asked to respond to one of the concepts (white or black) and words with either positive or negative valence; these are then switched so that the concept is then paired with the opposite valence category. When paired with words with positive valence, faster and more accurate responding indicates greater association, and therefore positive attitude towards the target concept (either white or black race). A full demonstration of the GNAT procedure can be found in the external links below.
Like the EAST, the GNAT has been used in populations who have been diagnosed with acute phobias to measure fear associations in addition to research on stereotypes and discrimination.
Affective Misattribution Procedure (AMP).
The Affective Misattribution Procedure relies on participant ratings of neutral stimuli as an indirect measure of implicit attitudes rather than latency or accuracy measures. In the procedure, participants are first presented with a stimulus (usually an image or word), for either a brief visible period or subliminally, which is suspected to elicit a positive or negative attitude. Directly afterwards, participants are presented with a neutral stimulus (most often a Chinese pictograph) which they are asked to rate as either more or less, in this case visually, pleasing than an average stimulus. During these trials, the positive or negative affect in response to the priming image is misattributed or ‘projected’ onto the neutral stimulus such that it is rated as more or less pleasing than would be expected from solitary presentation. Neutral stimuli which are rated as more visually pleasing indicate that the preceding concept presented in the prime stimuli are associated with positive valence. A full demonstration of the AMP procedure can be found in the external links below.
The AMP has been used to study attitudes towards political candidates and has proven useful in predicting voting behavior. Also, the procedure is frequently used in the study of substance use; for example, attitudes towards cigarettes among smokers and non-smokers and attitudes towards alcohol among heavy drinkers.

</doc>
<doc id="20533598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533598" title="House Work (novel)">
House Work (novel)

House Work is a novel by the American writer Kristina McGrath set in 1950s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It tells the story of a working-class family of five through shifting points of view. The novel's focus is on a mother's heroism in raising her three children alone after the disintegration of her marriage. Defying the advice of her parish priest, Anna Hallissey leaves her alcoholic husband and re-establishes a home for her children by cleaning other people's houses.
The novel was chosen by "The New York Times Book Review" as a notable book of the year in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20533628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533628" title="Find the Way">
Find the Way

"Find the Way" is the 9th single by Mika Nakashima. It peaked on the Oricon weekly charts at #4 and sold roughly 124,489 copies. 
'Find the Way' was used during the third season of the anime series 'Mobile Suit Gundam SEED.'

</doc>
<doc id="20533633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533633" title="Muravey-class patrol boat">
Muravey-class patrol boat

The Muravey class is the NATO reporting name for a class of hydrofoil patrol boats built for the Soviet Navy between 1983 and 1989. The Soviet designation was "Project 133 Antares".
Design.
The boats were designed as patrol vessels and were built in Feodosiya for the Black Sea Fleet. They are powered by gas turbines in contrast to diesel engines used for most other Soviet fast attack craft to achieve higher speeds.
Ships.
16 boats were built for the Soviet Navy between 1983 and 1989

</doc>
<doc id="20533639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533639" title="William Prine Hayes">
William Prine Hayes

Commodore William "Willy" Prine Hayes CD, ADC was a Canadian Commodore and educator. He served as the Commandant at Royal Military College of Canada from 1954 to 1957. He served as the Commandant at the Royal Roads Military College.
Education.
He was born in Swift Current, Saskatchewan. He graduated from the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston, Ontario, in 1934, student #2576.
Military career.
Hayes served as a Naval Cadet, Royal Canadian Navy (Special Entry No. 49) in 1939. He was a Midshipman, with the Royal Canadian Navy in 1940. He was assigned to HMS "Liverpool" in 1940 for training. The cruiser was torpedoed near Leros by an Italian aircraft on 14 October, losing her bow. 
He was afterwards assigned to HMS "York" for training, which was later torpedoed at Suda Bay. He was posted to HMS "Isis" for training in 1941. She suffered damage after being hit by a bomb during the Syrian Campaign. He was posted to for training in 1941, then to "Naden" in 1942. He served as First Lieutenant on HMCS "Iroquois" in 1942.
Hayes was mentioned in despatches as per Canada Gazette of 20 June 1945 and the London Gazette of 14 November 1944. He was posted to Stadacona in 1945. He served as First Lieutenant on HMCS "Nootka" in 1946.
He was posted to HMS "Excellent" for RN Long Gunnery School in 1946. he performed Gunnery Duties on HMCS "Magnificent" in 1948. He was posted to Stadacona for Gunnery School in 1949. He attended the Royal Navy Staff College Course in 1951. He was assigned to Niobe as Staff Officer (Gunnery) in 1951. He served as Commanding Officer of HMCS Cayuga (Tribal Class Destroyer - 218) from 23 February 1953, to 31 December 1954, (Korean War Service).
Hayes was promoted Commander in January 1954. He was posted to Naden as Executive Officer of RCN Barracks in 1955 and was then assigned to Naval HQ as Director of Naval Gunnery in 1956. He served at Naval HQ as Director Surface and Air Warfare 1957. He took the Naval Command Course for Senior Foreign Officers at United States Naval War College in 1958. 
He was the officer to command HMCS "Columbia" from 7 November 1959 to 25 April 1961. He was promoted Captain in 1961 and made Commander Fifth Canadian Escort Squadron. He was posted to National Defence HQ (NDHQ) with Joint Missile Defence Staff in 1961. He served at NDHQ with Directorate of Strategic Studies in 1962.
He served as Commandant, Royal Roads Military College from 1963 to 1965.
He was Commander Fourth Canadian Escort Squadron in 1965. He was posted to National Defence College of Canada (Course 20) in 1966. He was promoted to Commodore in 1967 and served as Commandant, Royal Military College of Canada from 1967-1973. He was made Honorary AdC to Governor General in 1967. 
Hayes was Commander Canadian Flotilla Atlantic and Senior Officer Afloat in 1970. He served as Commandant Canadian Forces Staff College in Toronto, Ontario in 1971 and retired in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20533640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533640" title="Richard W. Rahn">
Richard W. Rahn

Richard W. Rahn (born January 9, 1942, in Rochester, New York) is an American economist who frequently writes for "The Washington Times". He was the Vice President and Chief Economist of the United States Chamber of Commerce during the Reagan Administration and remains a staunch advocate of supply-side economics, small government, and classical liberalism. A senior fellow of the Cato Institute, Rahn received his M.B.A. from Florida State University, his Ph.D. from Columbia University, and an honorary Doctor of Laws from Pepperdine University.
His articles have appeared in many newspapers and magazines, including "The New York Times", "The Wall Street Journal", "The American Spectator", "National Review", and international publications. From 2002 to 2008, he served on the Board of Directors of the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority.
Rahn is currently chairman of the Institute for Global Economic Growth, an organization that assists nations in implementing supply-side or "pro-growth" reforms. According to his profile on the IGEG website he is a member of the Mont Pelerin Society, sits on the boards of numerous think-tanks and advocacy groups, and has testified on economic issues before the U.S. Congress over seventy-five times. Rahn is also an Adjunct Professor at the Institute of World Politics.
Academic Career.
Rahn developed the Rahn curve.
Personal.
In 1985, Rahn married Peggy Noonan, then a speechwriter for President Ronald Reagan. The couple later divorced after five years of marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="20533657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533657" title="Young Nation">
Young Nation

Young Nation was a TV programme which aired on the BBC during the mid-1970s, shown as part of "Nationwide". It often featured interviews with people of interest to the youth of the time. Its theme music, typical of the time, was a bouncy tune with high-pitched vocals by a female and a male (a clip of this was featured in the Sex Pistols documentary "The Filth and the Fury"). An excerpt from the program was seen on a bonus DVD that came with the 2006 re-issue of ABBA's Arrival album. According to a disclaimer at the start of the excerpt, the BBC no longer had the programme in their archives, and the clip was from the archive of ABBA's record label.

</doc>
<doc id="20533662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533662" title="Pembroke Center for Teaching and Research on Women">
Pembroke Center for Teaching and Research on Women

The Pembroke Center for Teaching and Research on Women was established in 1981 at Brown University, Providence, Rhode Island, as an interdisciplinary research center on gender. In addition to research, the Center is home to the undergraduate Gender and Sexuality Studies concentration and archives that preserve the history of women at Brown and the intellectual history of feminist theory. The Center's director is anthropologist Kay Warren.
The Pembroke Center was named in honor of Pembroke College in Brown University, and the women of Pembroke and its predecessor, the Women's College. It also honors those early women who fought to gain access to higher education and who raised the money to build Pembroke Hall in 1897. Although established to explore the cultural and social meanings of gender, the Center's research quickly expanded to include the many other differences critical to the understanding of gender such as: ethnicity, race, nationality, and economics.
History.
The first two women were admitted to Brown University in 1891. In 1928, the Women's College in Brown University was named "Pembroke College in Brown University," after Pembroke College at Cambridge University and retained that name until the 1971 merger of Pembroke with Brown. In 1981, a decade after the merger, the Pembroke Center was named in honor of Pembroke College and the history of women's efforts to gain access to higher education. Joan Wallach Scott was founding director of the Center. It is affiliated with the Sarah Doyle Women's Center.
In its early years, the center was supported by the Ford Foundation, the National Endowment for the Humanities, and the Rockefeller Foundation, but it now supports its programs largely through its own endowment.
Research and teaching.
The Pembroke Center offers a broad range of research, teaching, and alumnae/i programs. The Center's work to preserve the history of women at Brown and in Rhode Island and feminist theory scholarship has produced the Christine Dunlap Farnham Archive and the Feminist Theory Archive.
Concentration.
In fall 2006, the gender studies program merged with the concentration in Sexuality and Society to form the Gender and Sexuality Studies Program. Gender and Sexuality Studies is an interdisciplinary concentration that examines the construction of gender and sexuality in social, cultural, political, economic, or scientific contexts. Each concentrator will focus on a well-defined topic or question and work closely with a concentration advisor to develop a program that investigates this focus area rigorously and supplements it with foundational courses in the relevant disciplines.
Typical areas of focus might include the acculturation of gender, sexuality and race in American politics or activism; the construction of sexual and gendered identities in educational institutions or in various forms of visual media; a contrast between different cultural understandings of sexual identity, a particular national literature and history.
Pembroke seminar.
The weekly Pembroke Seminar brings together Pembroke Center postdoctoral fellows, faculty research fellows, graduate fellows, other interested Brown faculty and selected students, affiliated visiting scholars, and distinguished guest lecturers. The research themes of the seminar change annually.
Postdoctoral fellowships.
The Pembroke Center annually supports three or four postdoctoral research fellows in residence for an academic year.
Scholarly publication.
"" was established in 1989 at the moment of a critical encounter of theories of difference (primarily continental) and the politics of diversity (primarily American). The journal provides a critical forum where the problematic of differences is explored in texts ranging from the literary and the visual to the political and social. "differences" highlights theoretical debates across the disciplines that address the ways concepts and categories of difference (notably but not exclusively gender) operate within culture. It is published three times a year by Duke University Press.
Pembroke Center archives.
Housed in the John Hay Library, the Christine Dunlap Farnham Archive focus on 19th and 20th-century Brown and Rhode Island women and their organizations. In addition to correspondence, diaries, photographs, newspapers, yearbooks, and memorabilia, it also includes a collection of oral history tapes and videos. The materials on women are located throughout the University archives and special collections. There is a 500-page "Research Guide" to the Christine Dunlap Farnham Archive which includes more than 1,000 entries describing the collection.
The Feminist Theory Archive, established in 2003 with the papers of the late Naomi Schor, preserves the legacies of prominent feminist thinkers. Its mission is to collect, arrange, describe, preserve, and make accessible the work of leading feminist theorists beginning in the 1960s.
Pembroke Center Associates.
The Pembroke Center Associates is a membership organization that was founded in 1983 to secure the programs of the Center. It is a group of dedicated alumnae/i and friends who offer engaging programs to alumnae/i, students, and the community; publicize Pembroke Center activities through a newsletter, the Pembroke Center Associates and other publications; present the "Leadership for Change through Education Award" to leaders who have made a difference through education; and support the academic and research programs of the Pembroke Center through their annual membership contributions. In addition, the Associates has established a financial endowment that augments the Center's budget. 
The Associates also sponsor a forum on commencement week-end on topics of interest to alumni.
The Pembroke Center Associates Council is the advisory board of the Associates. Members of the council are elected annually on a rotating basis for three-year terms. The Council, which meets three times a year on the Brown campus, is composed of committees that recommend initiatives for action by the Associates.

</doc>
<doc id="20533667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533667" title="CA Bembibre">
CA Bembibre

Club Atlético Bembibre is a Spanish football team based in Bembibre, León province, in the autonomous community of Castile and León. Founded in 1922, it plays in Tercera División – Group 8, holding home games at "Estadio La Devesa", with a capacity of 2,750 seats.
Current squad.
According to the official website.

</doc>
<doc id="20533669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533669" title="Bangladeshi Declaration of Independence">
Bangladeshi Declaration of Independence

The independence of Bangladesh was proclaimed by Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, at the onset of the Bangladesh Liberation War, in the early hours of March 26, 1971. The declaration was subsequently relayed to the world via radio from Chittagong by Major Ziaur Rahman, a defecting Bengali officer of the Pakistan Army, on March 27, from the Kalurghat radio station popularly known as Swadhin Bangla Betar Kendra
Text of declaration.
Declaration of Independence message signed by Sheikh Mujibur Rahman was:
"Today Bangladesh is a sovereign and independent country. On Thursday night, West Pakistani armed forces suddenly attacked the police barracks at Razarbagh and the EPR headquarters at Pilkhana in Dhaka. Many innocent and unarmed have been killed in Dhaka city and other places of Bangladesh. Violent clashes between E.P.R. and Police on the one hand and the armed forces of Pakistan on the other, are going on. The Bengalis are fighting the enemy with great courage for an independent Bangladesh. May Allah aid us in our fight for freedom. Joy Bangla!"
Spread of the declaration.
A telegram containing the text of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman's message reached some students in Chittagong. The message was translated to Bengali by Dr. Manjula Anwar. The students failed to secure permission from higher authorities to broadcast the message from the nearby Agrabad Station of Radio Pakistan. They crossed Kalurghat Bridge into an area controlled by an East Bengal Regiment under Major Ziaur Rahman. Bengali soldiers guarded the station as engineers prepared for transmission.• M.A. Hannan, a local Awami League Leader and Abul Kashem Sandeep, Vice President of Fatiksori College declared independence of Bangladesh on behalf of Sheikh Mujib respectively at 2 PM and 7:30 PM on March 26. At 7:45 PM on 27 March 1971, Major Ziaur Rahman broadcast announcement of the declaration of independence on behalf of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman.
"This is the Free Bengal Radio Station. I, Major Ziaur Rahman, at the direction of our great leader Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, do hereby declare that the independent People's Republic of Bangladesh has been established. At his direction , In the name of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, I call upon all Bengalees to rise up against the attack of the West Pakistani Army. We shall fight to the last to free our motherland. Victory is, by the Grace of Allah, ours. Joy Bangla!" 
The Kalurghat Radio Station's transmission capability was limited, but the message was picked up by a Japanese ship anchored in Chittagong port. It was then re-transmitted by Radio Australia and later by the British Broadcasting Corporation.
M.A. Hannan, an Awami League leader in Chittagong, also made a radio announcement of Mujib's declaration on 26 March 1971.
Assaduzzaman Tapos an Awami League leader in Dhaka, also made a radio announcement before Mujib's declaration on 24 March 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="20533689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533689" title="1998 ATP German Open – Singles">
1998 ATP German Open – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. The top eight seeds received a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20533712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533712" title="Edwin Napper">
Edwin Napper

Edwin Napper (born 26 January 1815 at Sparr Farm, Wisborough Green, Sussex; died 8 March 1895 at Tismans House, Rudgwick, Sussex) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1839 to 1862.
A left-handed batsman and right arm medium pace roundarm bowler who was mainly associated with Sussex, he made 128 known appearances in first-class matches. He was the second Sussex club captain, succeeding C. G. Taylor before the 1847 season and holding the post until 1862. He represented the Gentlemen in the Gentlemen v Players series and the South in the North v. South series. 
Napper subsequently became a "most enthusiastic and generous patron of the game". His brother, William, also played first-class cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="20533716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533716" title="Sam (1986 film)">
Sam (1986 film)

Sam is a 1986 American short documentary film directed by Aaron D. Weisblatt. It focuses on Sam Phelps, a New York State farmer who is opposed to the destruction of a nearby watershed, and argues for better planning and land management. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20533723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533723" title="Emmanuel Vincent">
Emmanuel Vincent

Emmanuel Vincent (2 October 1798 – 7 July 1860) was an English professional cricketer, who played first-class cricket from 1826 to 1837.
Born in Sheffield, Yorkshire, England, Vincent was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper, who was mainly associated with Sheffield, and made twenty known appearances in first-class matches. He represented the North in the North v. South series. 
Vincent died in Sheffield in July 1860.

</doc>
<doc id="20533726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533726" title="Vivo (Coda album)">
Vivo (Coda album)

Vivo is the fourth album released by Mexican rock band, Coda. It was released in 2006 after the band regrouped with an almost new line-up.

</doc>
<doc id="20533728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533728" title="Qədili">
Qədili

Qədili may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20533743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533743" title="Winy Maas">
Winy Maas

Winy Maas (born 1958, Schijndel) is a Dutch architect, landscape architect, professor and urbanist. In 1991 together with Jacob van Rijs and Nathalie de Vries he set up MVRDV. Early work such as the television centre Villa VPRO and the housing estate for elderly WoZoCo, both in the Netherlands, have brought him international acclaim and established MVRDV’s leading role in international architecture. Winy Maas is married to Mirjam Veldhuizen van Zanten. They live in Rotterdam, Netherlands and have three sons.
Education.
He completed his studies at the RHSTL Boskoop, graduating as a "landscape architect", and in 1990 he got his degree from the Delft University of Technology. He currently is visiting professor of architectural design at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and is professor in architecture and urban design at the faculty of architecture, Delft University of Technology. Before this he was professor at among others Berlage Institute, Ohio State and Yale University.
MVRDV.
In 1991, together with Jacob van Rijs and Nathalie de Vries, he founded the MVRDV studio (an acronym of the initials of the names of the three founders), which produces designs and studies in the fields of architecture, urban studies and landscape design. The studies on light urbanism for the City of Rotterdam, the headquarters of the Dutch Public Broadcasting Company VPRO and the Wozoco's senior citizens' residences in Amsterdam, which won the J.A. van Eck Prize of the Dutch Architects' Association, have brought MVRDV to the attention of a vast collection of clients, giving the studio international renown. Today, the studio is actively involved in numerous projects in various parts of the world. MVRDV designed the Dutch pavilion for Expo 2000 in Hanover, the Logrono Eco-City in Spain, the Gyre building in Tokyo and many others.
Other positions.
Winy Maas presented a keynote address New solutions for new challenges at the inaugural Holcim Forum, “Basic Needs” at the ETH Zurich in 2004.
In addition he designs stage sets, objects and was curator of Indesem 2007. He is member of the research board of Berlage Institute Rotterdam, president of the spatial quality board of Rotterdam and supervisor of the Bjorvika urban development in Oslo. He is director of the Why Factory, a research institute for the future city he founded in 2008 which is connected to the Faculty of Architecture of the Delft University of Technology

</doc>
<doc id="20533760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533760" title="Steppe belt">
Steppe belt

A steppe belt is a contiguous phytogeographic region of predominantly grassland (steppe), which has common characteristics in soil, climate, vegetation and fauna. 
A forest-steppe belt is a region of forest steppe.
The largest steppe and (forest-steppe) belt is the Eurasian steppe belt which stretches from Central Europe via Ukraine, southern Russia, northern Central Asia, southern Siberia, into Mongolia and China, often called the Great Steppe.
The term "steppe belt" may also be applied to some grassland zones in biogeographical zoning of mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="20533773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533773" title="Indian Civil Rights Act of 1968">
Indian Civil Rights Act of 1968

The Indian Civil Rights Act of 1968 applies to the Indian tribes of the United States and makes many, but not all, of the guarantees of the Bill of Rights applicable within the tribes. The Act appears today in Title 25, sections 1301 to 1303 of the United States Code.
Events before passage of ICRA.
Long before Indians were recognized by the U.S. government as independent nations, the Bill of Rights was created in order to legally bind the federal and state governments and to turn up. "But for the over 550 American Indian nations currently recognized by the U.S. government, the Constitution and the Bill of Rights represent a social contract which was created without their representation long after their own social contracts." 
These "social contracts" were in no way connected to the federal government, which meant that the federal court system had no jurisdiction over a crime between two Indians on Indian soil. Since neither the Constitution nor the Bill of Rights applied to Native American tribal governments, denying freedom of press and fair jury trials, and performing illegal searches and seizures are common acts within the American Indian communities. This need for an imposition on many of the Native Americans' provisions was the basis for the creation of the Indian Civil Rights Act of 1968.
Before the Indian Civil Rights Act, a tribal member's dislike of a tribal government decision was dealt with in one of two ways; either the tribal member had to accept the decision or he/she had to leave the tribe. Today, leaving the tribe completely is not a necessary option. 
Along with the types of punishment, the causes for intratribal disputes have also changed over the years. Progress within tribal communities gave way to differences in religion among tribal members. Religion brought friction between tribal members.
These disagreements were not under the federal government's control. The U.S. Supreme Court had made clear that tribal internal affairs concerning tribal members' individual rights were not covered by the Fifth Amendment; however, the tribes were ultimately subject to the power of Congress and the Constitution. The court case "Talton v. Mayes" helped establish these principles. There were other court cases over the following years to continue the thoughts "...that tribes were not arms of the federal government when punishing tribal members for criminal acts and that Indian tribes were exempt from many of the constitutional protections governing the actions of state and federal governments." 
Later in the 1960s, Congress held a series of hearings on the subject of the authority of tribal governments. These hearings told about the abuses that many tribal members had endured from the "sometimes corrupt, incompetent, or tyrannical tribal officials." In response to these occurrences, the Indian Civil Rights Act was enacted.
Provisions of the Indian Civil Rights Act.
No Indian tribe in exercising powers of self-government shall -
1. make or enforce any law prohibiting the free exercise of religion, or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press, or the right of the people peaceably to assemble and to petition for a redress of grievances;
2. violate the right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects against unreasonable search and seizures, nor issue warrants, but upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched and the person or thing to be seized;
3. subject any person for the same offense to be twice put in jeopardy
4. compel any person in any criminal case to be a witness against himself;
5. take any private property for a public use without just compensation;
6. deny to any person in a criminal proceeding the right to a speedy and public trial, to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation, to be confronted with the witness against him, to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and at his own expense to have the assistance of a counsel for his defense;
7. require excessive bail, impose excessive fines, inflict cruel and unusual punishments, and in no event impose for conviction of any one offense any penalty or punishment greater than imprisonment for a term of one year and a fine of $5,000, or both
8. deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of its laws or deprive any person of liberty or property without due process of law
9. pass any bill of attainder or ex post facto law; or
10. deny to any person accused of an offense punishable by imprisonment the right, upon request, to a trial by jury of not less than six persons.
This act also requires tribal courts to afford due process and other civil liberties. Along with this, Native American courts try to provide a setting similar to that of a U.S. courtroom which is familiar to lawyers. This not only aided the attorneys; it helped divert outside ridicule and it established the fact that these tribal courts were "real" courts. Tribal courts adopted the rules of evidence, pleading, and other requirements similar to these in state and federal courts.
The ICRA incorporated many constitutional protections, but it modified others or did not include them at all. "The law did not impose the establishment clause, the guarantee of a republican form of government, the requirement of a separation of church and state, the right to a jury trial in civil cases, or the right of indigents to appointed counsel in criminal cases." These provisions were excluded because the government recognized the different political and cultural status of the tribes. 
Even though the federal government respected their individuality in this respect, the establishment of the ICRA caused the tribal governments to "mirror" modern American courts and procedures.
The impact of ICRA was greatly limited by the Supreme Court by the Santa Clara Pueblo v. Martinez court case (1978). "Martinez" involved a request to stop denying tribal membership to those children born to female (not male) tribal members who married outside of the tribe. The mother who brought the case pleaded that the discrimination against her child was solely based on sex, which violated the ICRA. The courts decided that "...tribal common-law sovereign immunity prevented a suit against the tribe." "Martinez" ultimately strengthened tribal self-determination by further proving that generally, the federal government played no enforcement role over the tribal governments.

</doc>
<doc id="20533786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533786" title="Siebenberg House">
Siebenberg House

Siebenberg House () is a museum below a house on 5 Beit HaShoeva Alley in the Old City of Jerusalem
Theo and Miriam Siebenberg bought the house in 1970 and Theo was convinced that it was built over significant archaeological remains. But archaeologists were skeptical, so he conducted and financed the excavations himself.
The excavations carried out underneath the Siebenberg home in the course of 18 years have revealed remains of ancient dwellings, rooms cut from rock, "Mikvah's" (ritual baths) aqueducts, a huge cistern and burial vaults, reaching back 3,000 years to the days of King Solomon and the first temple period, as well as of the Second Temple, and Byzantine periods. It also shows rare artifacts, including pottery, glass, mosaics, coins, jars and weapons. 

</doc>
<doc id="20533789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533789" title="Mort pour la France">
Mort pour la France

Mort pour la France is a term used in the French legal system for people who died during a conflict, usually in service of the country.
Definition.
The term is defined in L.488 to L.492 (bis) of the "Code des pensions militaires d'invalidité et des victimes de guerre". It encompasses members of the French military forces who died in action or from an injury or an illness contracted during the service during the First and Second World Wars, the Indochina and Algeria Wars, and fighting in Morocco and the Tunisian War of Independence, and to French civil casualties killed during these conflicts.
Copyright.
French copyright law gives a special 30 years extension of copyright to creative artists declared "Mort pour la France" over the usual 70 years post mortem (article L. 123-10).
Writers.
List of writers officially declared "Mort pour la France".
Composers.
List of composers officially declared "Mort pour la France".

</doc>
<doc id="20533793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533793" title="Rhonda Bates">
Rhonda Bates

Rhonda Bates (born 1949) is an American actress.
Bates was best known for playing geeky, man-hungry, hillbilly tomboys in TV shows and films of the 1970s. She was a gangly 6'2" tall with a wide toothy smile, curly hair and an unmistakable southern down-home drawl.
Early life.
Bates grew up in Evansville, Indiana. She received her Masters degree in drama from the University of Arkansas. She was a member of Chi Omega Fraternity and so is her daughter. She then taught health and physical education at Cynthia Heights Elementary School in Evansville before heading for California in 1975.
Career.
Bates first received attention doing a standup comedy act at The Comedy Store. She was noticed by a producer who hired her for
a Don Rickles TV special.
In 1975, Bates was hired as a featured player on the short-lived variety sketch show "Keep on Truckin"' featuring Didi Conn, Fred Travalena and Wayland Flowers.
Bates became a semi-regular on Rickles' sitcom "CPO Sharkey" (1976–78) as the love-interest of 6'7" tall actor Peter Isacksen.
Bates went on to co-star on "Blansky's Beauties" (a 1977 spin-off of "Happy Days") where she played “Arkansas” a gawky Vegas showgirl. She also appeared on the short-lived sitcom "The Roller Girls" as roller derby queen “Mongo Sue Lampert”. Bates also guest starred in a "Love Boat" episode where she played an ugly stepsister in a ‘Cinderella’ storyline.
In 1979, Rhonda Bates played “Enid” in Gabe Kaplan’s college basketball comedy film "Fast Break".
In 1980, Bates was in the film "Roadie (film)", co-starring rocker Meat Loaf and comedy legend Art Carney.
She followed her various film & TV, game show, "Battle of the Network Stars" appearances with a co-hosting role on 1980’s
"Speak Up, America" (a "Real People" – inspired TV magazine / reality show). One of her co-hosts was former-child-evangelist-turned-actor Marjoe Gortner.
Rhonda Bates continued to work in a few TV guest shots up until 1988, then apparently quit acting around age 40. She now lives in Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20533802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533802" title="Laura Lamson">
Laura Lamson

Laura Lamson (May 2, 1948 – October 13, 2008) was an American screenwriter and university lecturer who was based in England throughout her career. Her most successful work was her adaptation of "The Men's Room" for the BBC.
Biography.
Born Laura Lamson Kerstetter in Berea, Ohio, she spent much of her early life living around the Midwest. The only daughter of William and Leona Kerstetter, she had one sibling, a brother, William Jr. The family moved often as her father, a university professor, took jobs at various universities. They finally settled in Greencastle, Indiana in 1962 when her father became president of DePauw University. Lamson returned to Ohio to study English and psychology at Ohio Wesleyan University. She spent a year studying in England where she met Christopher King and the couple married shortly afterwards in 1970 in Greencastle.
Lamson and King settled in England, where she began work in the media and he worked as a television director. She worked in London as a script reader for Columbia Pictures in 1980. Soon after, she began focusing upon script writing and one of her first screenplays was a feature film adaptation of Elizabeth Smart's poem "By Grand Central Station I Sat Down and Wept". Despite interest from various producers, the film was never made. However, the quality of the script opened doors for Lamson.
She and King divorced in 1986 and she brought up their two young sons, Matthew and Jamie, as a single parent. Matthew is a television producer and Jamie is an actor. In the early 1990s she found success with an adaptation of Ann Oakley's 1989 book "The Men's Room" starring Dame Harriet Walter, detailing sexual impulses in the workplace. Leading actor Bill Nighy, who played Mark Carleton, said the mini-series launched his career. The five-part series for the BBC was well received by both the press and the public. 
The success of "The Men's Room" brought Lamson further work as a television writer. She continued to specialise in adaptations, writing the screenplays for Gillian Wright's "The Rich Deceiver" in 1995, Peter James' "The Alchemists" in 1999 and Agatha Christie's "Sparkling Cyanide" in 2003. In the mid-2000s Lamson moved into the field of television documentaries, writing "", "Wren: the Man Who Built Britain", "Gertrude Jekyll", "Asylum Wars", "Against All Odds", and "Michelangelo".
To supplement her work as a screenwriter, she taught at English universities, becoming a professor on the MA Screenwriting course at Leeds Metropolitan University and the MA Creative Writing course at Birkbeck, University of London. She was diagnosed with cancer in 2007 and resolved to reconnect with her U.S. homeland, setting off on a road trip with close friend Ashtar Alkhirsan. She was writing a travel memoir, but her illness prevented its completion. She died the following year on October 13, 2008 at age 60. She was survived by her sons and her brother.

</doc>
<doc id="20533810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533810" title="Serapion of Alexandria">
Serapion of Alexandria

Serapion of Alexandria, was a physician who lived in the 3rd century BC. He belonged to the Empiric school, and so much extended and improved the system of Philinus of Cos, that the creation of the school is attributed to him by some ancient writers. Serapion wrote against Hippocrates with much vehemence, but neither this, nor any of his other works, have survived. He is several times mentioned by Celsus, Galen, Caelius Aurelianus, Aëtius, Paulus Aegineta, and Nicolaus Myrepsus.

</doc>
<doc id="20533814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533814" title="The Master of Disaster">
The Master of Disaster

The Master of Disaster is a 1986 American short documentary film produced by Sonya Friedman. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20533822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533822" title="Akdemir Udenta">
Akdemir Udenta

Claudia Akdemir Udenta (born 1965) is a German-Turkish writer and journalist.
Udenta was born in Hilden, near Düsseldorf, and grew up in Düsseldorf. She studied Political Economics in University of Bonn and Humboldt University of Berlin. Since the 90s she works in film business, while travelling back and forth between Istanbul and Berlin.
Udenta wrote novels as well as crime stories, but also technical books. Apart from that she worked as script editor, storyliner and screenplay writer. She drew up essays and did translations. 
In the year 2000, she joined the German TV channel RTL as a director to help realizing the project of an experimental online-series named "Zwischen den Stunden". In 2008 she produced a short film, which she also directed: "Bhâganâ - LENA WEiNT NiCHT" – performed by the actors Deborah Kaufmann, Mathis Künzler and Jens Hasselmann – and shown in the "Blow Up Cinema" in Berlin on June 6, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20533824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533824" title="Philinus of Cos">
Philinus of Cos

Philinus of Cos (; 3rd century BC) was a Greek physician. He was the reputed founder of the Empiric school. He was a pupil of Herophilus, a contemporary of Bacchius, and a predecessor of Serapion. He wrote a work on part of the Hippocratic collection directed against Bacchius, and also one on botany, neither of which has survived. It is perhaps this later work that is quoted by Athenaeus, Pliny
, and Andromachus.

</doc>
<doc id="20533826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533826" title="John Cheyne">
John Cheyne

John Cheyne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20533849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533849" title="Charles Lanaway">
Charles Lanaway

Charles Lanaway (born 16 March 1793 at Henfield, Sussex; died 6 February 1870 at Brighton) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1825 to 1838.
A right-handed batsman and underarm bowler who was mainly associated with Sussex, he made 36 known appearances in first-class matches. He represented the Players in the Gentlemen v Players series.

</doc>
<doc id="20533851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533851" title="Log Jammed">
Log Jammed

Log Jammed is the 90th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on April 20, 1959, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
French-Canadian lumberjack Pierre de Woodchopper finds a suitable tree for chopping, a tree which is, of course, Woody Woodpecker's happy home. He must desert his tree-home as it falls into the river with other logs, thanks to the woodchopper's axe. But it becomes the lone log that controls the log jam. If it should fall, the jam would break and wreck Pierre's mill down the river. Woody vows vengeance. He begins to peck some alterations, and a struggle with Pierre ensues. Years later, we see Pierre, with a long, white beard, still guarding his log, and Woody, with another white beard, on the same site emitting a shaky geriatric laugh.

</doc>
<doc id="20533868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533868" title="Debonair Dancers">
Debonair Dancers

Debonair Dancers is a 1986 short Canadian documentary film produced by Alison Nigh-Strelich. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20533883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533883" title="Tomcat Combat">
Tomcat Combat

Tomcat Combat is the 89th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on March 2, 1959, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
Philbert, a large, hungry tomcat, sees Woody and gives chase. Woody goes up and down a tree, over rooftops, down a chimney, out of a window and over a fence, with the tomcat in close pursuit Finally, the tomcat catches Woody and is ready for a good meal when heis stunned by a sharp blow on the head. Dizzily turning, he sees Humane Officer Willoughby holding a newspaper, the caption of which reads "New law protects woodpecker from cats". The humane officer makes the tomcat tell Woody that heis sorry, and that he will not bother Woody any more. The tomcat pats Woody on the head and treats him tenderly until the humane officer moves out of sight. With the humane officer gone, the tomcat starts after Woody, whois cornered. The humane officer shows up again at the opportune moment to protect Woody. Finally, Woody enters a dog pound, with the tomcat close behind. In the battle that ensues, the tomcat jumps a fence and falls into a large trash can. Woody ties a rope to the can and then attaches the other end of the rope to an outer-space missile, which zooms to Mars as Woody and the humane officer watch it disappear into space through a telescope.

</doc>
<doc id="20533892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533892" title="Breeding in the wild">
Breeding in the wild

Breeding in the wild is the natural process of animal reproduction occurring in the natural habitat of a given species. This terminology is distinct from animal husbandry or breeding of species in captivity. Breeding locations are often chosen for very specific requirements of shelter and proximity to food; moreover, the breeding season is a particular time window that has evolved for each species to suit species anatomical, mating-ritual, or climatic and other ecological factors. Many species migrate considerable distances to reach the requisite breeding locations. Certain common characteristics apply to various taxa within the animal kingdom, which traits are often sorted among amphibians, reptiles, mammals, avafauna, arthropods and lower life forms.
Amphibians.
For many amphibians, an annual breeding cycle applies, typically regulated by ambient temperature, precipitation, availability of surface water and food supply. This breeding season is accentuated in temperate regions, where prolonged aestivation or hibernation renders many amphibian species inactive for prolonged periods. Breeding habitats are typically ponds and streams.
Mammals.
Annual breeding cycles sometimes apply to mammals, with regulating environmental effects including seasonal temperature variation and food availability. Migration patterns of a mammal may sometimes govern breeding times. Mammal breeding in the wild sometimes the use of maternity dens for birthing and protection of the young. The Polar Bear is an example of a mammal who uses a maternity den, whose locations are influenced by migration movements of this species to the seasonal Arctic pack ices. In particular, the polar bears who breed in Wapusk National Park need to migrate to the Hudson Bay pack ice.

</doc>
<doc id="20533895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533895" title="Dwadzieścia">
Dwadzieścia

Dwadzieścia is the second concert DVD of the punk rock band Pidzama Porno. This album was shown to the world at 5 December 2008. Almost the whole of the material was recorded in Warsaw, in Palladium Club. This DVD also shows two bonus tracks from Pidzama's last concert in Poznan.
The band.
Guests:

</doc>
<doc id="20533896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533896" title="National Collegiate Equestrian Association">
National Collegiate Equestrian Association

The National Collegiate Equestrian Association (NCEA), formerly known as Varsity Equestrian, is one of the governing bodies for the various types of American college women's equestrian sports. NCEA is headquartered in Waco, Texas.
It was organized in 1998, and sponsors an annual national championship event for its member institutions. Currently the NCEA has twenty-three member colleges and universities that sponsor women's equestrian teams that participate in intercollegiate competition.
Competition format.
Schools are organized throughout the year into season schedules that allow for head-to-head competitions resulting in ranking and seeding for the national title. 
Typically, five varsity riders compete against the opposing team. Home team schools can delegate the number of junior varsity riders that may accompany the varsity team to compete as well.
One rider from each school is randomly paired and assigned a horse to then compete in a “head-to-head” match. Competitors are matched to a horse belonging to the home team and are allowed to watch sanctioned warm-ups where horses are schooled over fences as well as warmed up for the flat test to be performed. Riders are then given four minutes for English events as well as horsemanship, and five minutes for reining. Riders competing in Equitation over Fences are allowed to take four practice fences within the four minutes of warm-ups. If the rider jumps more than four fences, she is disqualified from the show.
Whichever rider earns the highest score on that horse wins the head-to-head match and scores a point for that team. Neither team receives the point if the two riders are given a tie score. If there is a tie in the overall competition, raw scores given by the judge are added up and used to determine the winner. In some cases, the lowest score from each team may be dropped.
Equitation on the Flat
Riders selected to compete in Equitation on the Flat demonstrate a predetermined test that is performed in a dressage arena measuring 20 meters by 40 meters. The riders must demonstrate a precise, well executed and accurate test while staying in harmonious balance with the horse they’ve drawn to compete upon.
Testing is judged on a scale from 0 to 10, with 0 meaning "not performed" and 10 marking "excellent". Riders will perform nine required movements and a final judge's test. The highest score a rider can receive is 100, and will receive marks for their overall correctness and position throughout the test.
Equitation over Fences
Riders selected to compete in Equitation over Fences will show over a course of eight to ten fences in which the rider must navigate the correct course as well as maintain proper body positioning throughout the round. The rider should be able to have a consistent pace around the course and be able to safely jump over the fences without stopping or falling from her horse.
Horsemanship
In horsemanship, the horse and rider perform a pattern in which different maneuvers and the horse’s different gaits are exhibited. The base score for a pattern is 70, and the judge will score each of the 7–9 maneuvers anywhere from −1.5 to +1.5. The positive score indicates that a movement is above average in execution and the negative score deducts points for poor execution. Penalties are given if a horse kicks out, lopes on the wrong lead, or otherwise detracts from the uniformity of the performance. It is possible for a rider to receive a score of zero if mistakes such as going off-pattern (adding or subtracting elements from the original pattern) are made.
Reining
Unlike horsemanship patterns, reining patterns include spins and sliding stops performed by the horse and rider. In reining, a score starts 70 and can be higher or lower depending on the quality of the ride. Riders perform movements that include: fast circles, slow circles, spins and sliding stops. Going off-pattern results in a score of zero. Over- or under-spinning by more than a quarter of a turn is also given a score of zero.
Schools Participating in Varsity Competition.
Division I
Division II:
National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) rules and eligibility.
As a prospective athlete, students wishing to attend a Division I or II institution must be eligible before competing within collegiate athletics. 
One form in specific that should be downloaded by the prospective athlete is called the “Guide for the College Bound Student-Athlete”. There students will be able to look over the requirements more in depth. Most importantly, the student must still be an amateur to compete. 
Coaches may send out written contacts as of September 1 of the athlete’s junior year but may not return phone calls prior to July 1 of the athlete’s senior year. If an athlete is on an official visit they must be seniors, however, trips made at the athlete's personal expense may take place before their senior years. Each type of visit may not be during a dead period in schooling at the university.
NCEA National Championship Results.
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
References.
1. "Universities" from varsityequestrian.com. Obtained December 3, 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="20533905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533905" title="Maleficium (sorcery)">
Maleficium (sorcery)

Maleficium is a Latin term meaning "wrongdoing" or "mischief" and is used to describe malevolent, dangerous, or harmful magic, "evildoing," or "malevolent sorcery." In general, the term applies to any magical act intended to cause harm or death to people or property. Maleficium can involve the act of poisoning or drugging someone with Pharmakeia. It is often used in witchcraft and necromancy.
The term appears in several historically important texts, notably the Formicarius, and the Malleus Maleficarum.
The Knights Templar were also accused of maleficium. The Trial of the Knights Templar set a social standard for the popular belief in maleficium and witchcraft which contributed to the great European witch hunt.
In modern Papua New Guinea and the Torres Strait area, it is called puripuri.

</doc>
<doc id="20533915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533915" title="Panhandle Scandal">
Panhandle Scandal

Panhandle Scandal is the 91st animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on May 18, 1959, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
Dapper Denver Dooley, a bandit with a price on his head, approaches the town of Rigor Mortis, Texas and sees a sign, "No Bandits Allowed," signed by "Woody Woodpecker, Marshal." He stops and asks a peon where he can find the marshal. The peon replies, "You mean the one with the red hair, the big nose, who goes 'Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha'?" The bandit says, "That's him." The peon replies, "I don't know." A disgusted patron runs to the marshal's office for help, and soon, outside the swinging doors, appear two long legs in cowboy boots. The bandit sees this, turns chicken, and finds that the legs he saw are actually those of Woody on stilts. In the final sequence, with Dapper Denver and the peon on a handcar running head-on into an engine, the peon jumps unharmed, but the bandit is really shaken up. Tapping the peon on the head, he asks, "What happened to that woodpecker?" The peon takes off his hat, false face and short, and it's Woody Woodpecker who now has the bandit securely tied up so that he can cause no more harm or trouble.

</doc>
<doc id="20533921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533921" title="Fred Curtis">
Fred Curtis

Frederick Maroin Curtis (October 30, 1880 – April 5, 1939) was a Major League Baseball first baseman. Curtis played for the New York Highlanders in the season. In two career games, he had two hits, in 9 at-bats, a .222 batting average. He batted and threw right-handed. 
Curtis was born in Beaver Lake, Michigan and died in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="20533929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533929" title="Jacob van Rijs">
Jacob van Rijs

Jacob van Rijs (born in Amsterdam in 1965) is a Dutch architect, lecturer and urbanist. In 1991 together with Winy Maas and Nathalie de Vries he set up MVRDV. Early work such as the television centre Villa VPRO and the housing estate for elderly WoZoCo, both in the Netherlands, have brought him international acclaim and established MVRDV’s leading role in international architecture.
Education.
He completed his studies at the Delft University of Technology. He regularly lectures and teaches at schools and institutions all over the world Delft University of Technology, Architecture Academy Amsterdam, Architecture Academy Rotterdam and, Architectural Association School of Architecture London, Cooper Union New York, Rice University in Texas, TN Probe in Tokyo and Universities of Madrid and Barcelona.
MVRDV.
In 1991, together with Winy Maas and Nathalie de Vries, he founded the MVRDV studio (an acronym of the initials of the names of the three founders), which produces designs and studies in the fields of architecture, urban studies and landscape design. The studies on light urbanism for the City of Rotterdam, the headquarters of the Dutch Public Broadcasting Company VPRO and the Wozoco's senior citizens' residences in Amsterdam, which won the A.J. van Eck Prize of the Dutch Architects' Association, have brought MVRDV to the attention of a vast collection of clients, giving the studio international renown. Today, the studio is actively involved in numerous projects in various parts of the world. MVRDV designed the Dutch pavilion for Expo 2000 in Hanover, the Logrono Eco-City in Spain, the Gyre building in Tokyo and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="20533938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533938" title="Albertha Spencer-Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough">
Albertha Spencer-Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough

Albertha Frances Anne Spencer-Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough, VA (29 July 1847 – 7 January 1932), was an English aristocrat. She was the daughter of James Hamilton, 1st Duke of Abercorn and Lady Louisa Jane Russell.
She married George Spencer-Churchill, Marquess of Blandford, eldest son of John Spencer-Churchill, 7th Duke of Marlborough, on 8 November 1869 at Westminster Palace. They were divorced on November 20, 1883, shortly after Churchill inherited the dukedom after the death of his father. Though the new duchess was technically Albertha, Duchess of Marlborough after their divorce, she preferred to use the title she used throughout most of the couple's married life and was known as Albertha, Marchioness of Blandford.
They had four children:
Lady Blandford was one of eight train bearers at the wedding of Princess Helena and Prince Christian of Schleswig-Holstein on 5 July 1866 at Windsor Castle, Windsor, Berkshire, England.

</doc>
<doc id="20533942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533942" title="Nature Structural &amp; Molecular Biology">
Nature Structural &amp; Molecular Biology

Nature Structural & Molecular Biology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing research articles, reviews, news, and commentaries in structural and molecular biology, with an emphasis on papers that further a "functional and mechanistic understanding of how molecular components in a biological process work together". 
It is published by the Nature Publishing Group and was established in 1994 under the title "Nature Structural Biology", obtaining its current title in January 2004. Like other "Nature" journals, there is no external editorial board, with editorial decisions being made by an in-house team, although peer review by external expert referees forms a part of the review process.
Articles are archived online in text and PDF formats; access is by subscription only.
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 11.902, ranking it 11th out of 290 journals in the category "Biochemistry & Molecular Biology", 3rd out of 72 journals in the category "Biophysics", and 13th out of 184 journals in the category "Cell Biology".

</doc>
<doc id="20533943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533943" title="Tommy Jones (footballer born 1909)">
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1909)

Thomas John "Tommy" Jones (born 6 December 1909; date of death unknown) was a Welsh footballer. Although he began his career in Wales, he is best known for the time he spent as a player in the English Football League.
Career.
Club career.
Born in Tonypandy, Rhondda, Jones began his football career with Mid Rhondda, before joining Tranmere Rovers of the Football League Third Division North in 1926. When the Tranmere manager, Bert Cooke, went to sign Jones, he was told by his father: "Yes, my boy can play football but he can fight, too. Whenever anyone is in trouble, off comes his coat and up come his sleeves." Despite his father's claims, Jones was in reality a fairly mild player but it took some time for him to live the story down. Jones was a strongly built winger who had a habit of cutting inside the defence.
After three seasons with the Wirral club, Jones left Tranmere in 1929 for Football League First Division champions Sheffield Wednesday. Jones' debut for Wednesday, a 3–1 away win over Liverpool on 5 April 1930, happened to be his only appearance for the club in his first season with them. Nevertheless, the Owls won the league by 10 points that season, scoring a total of 105 goals in the process. With Mark Hooper well established as the first-choice at outside-right, the 1930–31 season also saw Jones only make one appearance, but this time he also managed to get his name on the scoresheet, scoring Wednesday's only goal in a 4–1 away defeat to Manchester United. The season resulted in the first of three consecutive third-place finishes for Wednesday, the second of which saw Jones score four goals in 11 appearances, before scoring one more goal in 10 appearances in 1932–33. The 1933–34 season was much less successful for the Owls, as they finished the season in 11th place in the First Division; Jones made just six appearances, and failed to get on the scoresheet.
Jones signed for Manchester United in 1934 and his debut came at home to Bradford City on 25 August 1934; the match resulted in a 2–0 win to United, both goals being scored by Tom Manley. Jones made his FA Cup debut for United on 26 January, playing in a 0–0 draw away to Nottingham Forest in the Fourth Round. He then played in the replay four days later, but the team lost 3–0. Jones amassed a total of four goals in 22 appearances (league and cup) for United that season, before being sold to Watford for £1500 in May 1935.
At Vicarage Road, he became a popular figure with the fans and he remained with Watford until the outbreak of the Second World War, after which he signed for Guildford City in June 1946.
International career.
Shortly after his breakthrough into the Sheffield Wednesday side in 1931, Jones was selected for the Welsh national team's final 1932 British Home Championship match against Ireland on 5 December 1931. He was then not considered for the 1933 British Home Championship, only making his second appearance for Wales nearly 18 months after his first, playing at outside right in a 1–1 draw away to France in Paris on 25 May 1933. However, his second Wales cap was also to be his last.
Coaching career.
In August 1946 Jones took up a coaching position at his former club Tranmere Rovers, and he subsequently became manager for a short time prior to the appointment of Ernie Blackburn. He spent seven years coaching Tranmere, before taking up a similar position with Workington in 1953. He spent a brief period as caretaker-manager at the end of 1953 prior to Bill Shankly's appointment, and he was caretaker again in 1957 after Norman Low departed.
He was named assistant trainer at Birmingham City in August 1958, and then spent two years as West Bromwich Albion's assistant trainer from 1966 to 1968 before retiring from football altogether.

</doc>
<doc id="20533949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533949" title="Woodpecker in the Moon">
Woodpecker in the Moon

Woodpecker in the Moon is the 92nd animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on July 13, 1959, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
The cartoon opens with a narrative about man's desire to break away from Earth and explore outer space (the moon being the first goal in this quest). After many unsuccessful attempts to launch rockets to the moon (including three scientists trying to launch a typical firework rocket that blows up in their faces), Professor Dingledong becomes the first man to reach the moon, but, two years later, hasn't returned to Earth. In the present day, at the Interplanetary Rocket Society, Professor P. Cosmo Clonk asks the other scientists if one of them will volunteer for the next manned mission to the moon. The scientists just look at each other until it boils down to Fido, the society's mascot, but Fido gulps and immediately pretends to have the measles.
Professor Clonk tries to coax Fido to stop delaying the progress of science, but Fido, still refusing to go first tries pretending he isn't Fido and shows his master pictures of his family (including an attractive wife whom Professor Clonk finds extremely attractive). Woody Woodpecker enters the scene as a volunteer telegram delivery man and presents a telegram to Professor Clonk, informing him of an overdue phone bill ("Roses are red. Violets are blue. If you don't pay your phone bill, the company will sue"). Professor Clonk is offended by the telegram, but after Woody points out his volunteer work, this gives Professor Clonk an idea to have Woody be the next astronaut.
Straight afterwards, at the rocket launching site, the society members wish Woody "bon voyage" and are immediately charred (while still on the gantry) as Woody blasts off in the rocket. While traveling through space, Woody opens the hatches to let a Sputnik satellite (with clotheslines) pass through. The rocket then lands safely on the moon, where we see the remains of Professor Dingledong's rocket (complete with mailbox and sidewalk canopy) and that Dingledong is still alive. Upon seeing the recently arrived spaceship, Dingledong rejoices at being rescued and gives Woody a rather mushy welcome by kissing him. Dingledong jumps at the idea of a woodpecker piloting a rocket, to which Woody states "Who were you expecting? Miss Universe?"
Unaware that Woody is listening in, Dingledong makes a plan to hijack the rocket and leave Woody stranded on the moon. As part of the plan, Dingledong takes Woody on a tour of the moon. As he shows Woody a crater, Woody questions on how deep the crater is, to which Dingledong kicks Woody into the crater, making him fall off the moon on the other side. As Dingledong reaches Woody's rocket, he laments on having volunteered for the mission that led to his being marooned on the moon and justifies his recent actions to the audience by confessing that he's so homesick after spending two years stuck on the moon. Before Dingledong can board the rocket, Woody reappears and punches him with a boxing glove. Woody then chastises Dingledong for his actions and puts the key to the rocket down his feathers. Wanting the key, Dingledong chases Woody into the rocket.
Just as it looks like Dingledong will corner Woody, Woody whips out an atom blaster ray gun and fires it at Dingledong. After the ray passes through him, Dingledong states it didn't do a thing, but soon finds out it did the hard way when his lower half runs away, making him call it back. Woody tries to flee into another section of the rocket, but Dingledong forces him at ray gunpoint to surrender the key. Woody gladly obliges and Dingledong kicks him off the rocket. Dingledong inserts the key, but a closeup reveals it's the key to the ejector seat, which launches Dingledong through the roof and into the air. Right after Dingledong states he made a boo-boo, he falls to the ground.
Woody places a door on the ground and opens it so that Dingledong falls through the doorway and deep underground. After removing the door, Woody gets back aboard the rocket and prepares to return to Earth, but Dingledong (having reappeared) forces him at gunpoint to bring him back to Earth. Straight after the rocket blasts off, it leaves Dingledong behind, making him say "Well, that's the way the cookie crumbles." The rocket, however, returns and snags Dingledong onto its nose, making him burn his butt upon reentering the Earth's atmosphere. Upon arriving in Los Angeles, the rocket zips around the Los Angeles City Hall and crashes into the top floor, where the scientists of the Interplanetary Rocket Society (plus Fido) are having their latest meeting. Dingledong crashes through the table and right into Professor Clonk, at which both professors shout out each other's names to each other (indicating Dingledong was part of the society).
In the last scene, angered that he'd been sent to the moon for nothing, Dingledong ties Professor Clonk to a large firework rocket (labeled "Moon or bust") and (as Woody watches) lights the fuse, launching Professor Clonk to the moon. As Dingledong walks away and says goodbye to Woody, we see a firework rocket (fuse already lit) tied to his back, which launches him to the moon after his former superior. Woody, holding a lit match in his hand, bids farewell to Dingledong, gives his trademark laugh, and an all knowing smirk at the fade-out.

</doc>
<doc id="20533960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533960" title="Will Caldecourt">
Will Caldecourt

William Henry Caldecourt (28 September 1802 at Blisworth, Northamptonshire – 21 June 1857 at St John's Wood, London) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1821 to 1844.
A medium pace underarm bowler who was mainly associated with Cambridge Town Club and Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), he made 42 known appearances in first-class matches. He represented the Players in the Gentlemen v Players series and the South in the North v. South series. 

</doc>
<doc id="20533976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533976" title="Battle of the Brains (Filipino TV series)">
Battle of the Brains (Filipino TV series)

Battle of the Brains was a Philippine quiz show shown at RPN 9 from 1992 to 1999 and at PTV 4 from 1999 to 2001. It was hosted for almost all episodes by David Celdran, with various alternates (including Chiqui Roa-Puno, Cathy Santillan, and Anthony Suntay) taking over in his absence. The show is primarily sponsored by Uniwide Sales, Inc. (a major budget retailer during the show's popularity) from 1992 to 1999, and by AMA Computer College from 2000 and 2001 before the show folded. The show was open to all elementary, high school and college students nationwide, but the majority of grand champions have come from Metro Manila.
Episode Format.
In the 3-ring pattern board, the contestant chooses 1 of 3 concentric rings to accomplish, with the questions in each ring having a common theme (such as all answers beginning with the same letter, or of people from a particular field). Rings with more questions are found at the outermost portion of the set,and are generally easier to answer per question, while rings with fewer questions are at the center of the set are usually harder per question. Each question adds points to the total, while completing a ring merits extra prizes from show sponsors.
Venues.
All rounds prior to the Grand Finals were recorded in Broadcast City, Quezon City. However, the Grand Finals were usually held at different auditoriums, including the following:
Prizes.
For all rounds prior to the Grand Finals, points earned were paid out in Philippine peso for all contestants.
From Seasons 1 to 6, Grand Champions were awarded the following (in units of Philippine pesos):
† - No coaches are formally recognized or awarded. Schools are recognized but are not given a separate prize. However in reality, certain college competitors are given support or formal recognition by coaches and university officials.
The range of prizes for round winners prior to the Grand Finals included cash, shoe polish, and food items?.
The Grand Prize included cash (tax-deductible), household appliances, an encyclopedia set and other books, and a travel package to a destination within the Philippines. The travel destination for the students may be different from that of the coaches.
In Seasons 7 and 8, most likely due to Uniwide Sales' financial troubles, this prize was paid ₱ 100,000 in cash? and the balance in kind.
From Seasons 1 through 7, all Grand Finalists were awarded plaques prior to taping, with the eventual Grand Champion getting another trophy at the conclusion of the Grand Finals. In Season 8, certificates were given for each round win prior to the Grand Finals, and a Grand Champion trophy was given at the conclusion of the Grand Finals.
Grand Champions and Finalists.
† - a change to the returning-champion format meant that there was no overall champion at the end of the season.
Mind Master.
1996 13 weeks? - Leonardo Gapol
1997-10-? - Richie Velasquez
Records and Notable Events.
Most Grand Championships
School
Individual
Both attended the University of the Philippines Diliman.
Youngest Grand Champions respective to year level
All attended campuses of the University of the Philippines System.
Most Grand Finals appearances
Total
PUP Sta. Mesa's level of success in Battle of the Brains can be attibuted to the presence of the PUP Quizzers' Circle, a defunct campus organization devoted to quiz competition.
At different levels
Most points
in 1 episode
in 1 season
During this scoring run, Manila Science also perfected all 3 of their bonus rounds. And in the Grand Finals, they exceeded the combined score (4,100 + 3,100) of their competitors.
Other notables
In Popular Culture.
Throughout its run, Battle of the Brains has become one of the most familiar shows in Philippine television, especially for students and trivia enthusiasts. In fact, the name of the show has been synonymous to any quiz competition in the Philippines, regardless of content and degree of TV coverage. However, the producers of the show do not? have any copyright claim to the phrase "Battle of the Brains".
Its level of fame during its time can be compared to those of the Kilometrico Quiz Date and Student Canteen's IQ7 in the 1960s?-1970s?, and the Digital LG Quiz in 1999-2004. It has also served as the model for various quiz competitions, televised or not, in the Philippines.
David Celdran's name has become strongly associated with the show. Winners at the show, especially in later stages and as Grand Champions, are known to have gotten celebrity attention within their school campuses.
The comedy show Tropang Trumpo parodied the show in a segment called "Battle of the Brainless". In each episode, the competitors are said to come from schools whose names sound very similar to those of actual Philippine schools. Each question given by host is usually met by incorrect and humorous responses from competitors. The episode mostly ends in a tie for all schools. The host (usually portrayed by Michael V.) is also known to wear shorts, which is revealed as he moves away from his rostrum.

</doc>
<doc id="20533983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20533983" title="The Tee Bird">
The Tee Bird

The Tee Bird is the 93rd animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on August 10, 1959, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.
Plot.
On the Pebbley Beach Golf Course, Dapper Denver Dooley and Woody Woodpecker are in a championship playoff. The prize: $25,000. After both contenders make holes in one, a psychological battle begins. Woody crunches celery. Dapper drives himself into a sand trap. Woody proves himself too light for quicksand; Dapper sinks. At every turn, Dapper proceeds to lure and trick poor Woody until Woody's game seems lost. All that Dapper needs to win is a short putt into the cup, but he's seized with a magnificent case of hiccups. Woody wins and hiccups dollar bills! 
Notes.
"The Tee Bird" marked Dapper Denver Dooley's final appearance in a "Woody" theatrical "cartune". He had replaced Buzz Buzzard as Woody's main foil a few years back, and would eventually be replaced himself by Gabby Gator.

</doc>
<doc id="20534006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534006" title="Romp in a Swamp">
Romp in a Swamp

Romp in a Swamp is the 94th animated cartoon short subject in the "Woody Woodpecker" series. Released theatrically on August 7, 1959, the film was produced by Walter Lantz Productions and distributed by Universal International.

</doc>
<doc id="20534009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534009" title="Aleksandar Stoimirović">
Aleksandar Stoimirović

Aleksandar Stoimirović (, born December 11, 1982) is a Serbian footballer playing with FK Radnički 1923 in the Serbian SuperLiga.
Career.
Born in Kragujevac, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia, Stoimirović began his career with Radnički Obrenovac and signed in summer 2004 a contract with Hajduk Kula, after two years here signed in November 2006 for Ukrainian club Vorskla. After just one and a half year left Vorskla and signed in July 2008 for Chernomorets. He joined on 8 October 2009 on trial to FC Schalke 04 and will play in two friendly games.
Later he played with FK Čukarički and FK Borac Čačak in the Serbian SuperLiga, and with FC Petrolul Ploiești and Pécsi Mecsek FC in, respectively, Romanian and Hungarian top leagues. In summer 2013 he returned to Serbia and joined his hometown top flight club FK Radnički 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="20534012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534012" title="Diana Pavlac Glyer">
Diana Pavlac Glyer

Diana Pavlac Glyer is an American author, speaker and teacher whose work centers on C.S. Lewis, J.R.R. Tolkien, and the Inklings.
Background.
Glyer was born in Aberdeen, Maryland, and grew up in the suburbs of Cleveland, Ohio. She received a B.S. in Education and a B.A. in English and Fine Arts from Bowling Green State University. She received her Masters Degree in Education from Northern Illinois University, and her Ph.D in English from the University of Illinois at Chicago. She is a Professor of English at Azusa Pacific University in Azusa, California.
Publications.
She has published widely, including contributions to "The Pilgrim’s Guide: C. S. Lewis and the Art of Witness", edited by David Mills; "The C. S. Lewis Reader’s Encyclopedia", edited by Jeffrey D. Schultz and John G. West, Jr.; and "C. S. Lewis: Life, Works, and Legacy", edited by Bruce L. Edwards. She co-edited, with David Weeks, "The Liberal Arts in Higher Education: Challenging Assumptions, Exploring Possibilities". She is a featured author on HarperCollins' HarperOne "C.S. Lewis Blog".
Glyer has also received the Marion E. Wade Center's Clyde S. Kilby Research Grant (1997), and Azusa Pacific University's Chase Sawtell Inspirational Teaching Award (2002) and Scholarly Achievement Award (2008). She has been selected the Scholar Guest of Honor for the 40th Annual Mythopoeic Conference, UCLA 2009.
Science fiction activity.
Glyer has been active in science fiction fandom since 1975 and has worked on dozens of conventions. In 1998, she chaired Mythcon 29, the C.S. Lewis Centenary Celebration at Wheaton College in Wheaton, Illinois

</doc>
<doc id="20534017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534017" title="In the Wee Wee Hours...">
In the Wee Wee Hours...

In the Wee Wee Hours... is a 1987 American short documentary film about homeless people in Los Angeles, directed by Izak Ben-Meir. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20534037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534037" title="Charles Duff (cricketer)">
Charles Duff (cricketer)

Charles Duff (born 21 April 1794 at Midhurst, Sussex; died 1848 at Midhurst) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1824 to 1830.
He played for Sussex and made 12 known appearances in first-class matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20534055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534055" title="Children Youth and Environments Center">
Children Youth and Environments Center

Since its founding in 2004, the Children, Youth and Environments Center for Research and Design (CYE) has moved to the forefront of efforts in the design professions and allied disciplines to promote the health, safety and welfare of children and youth. Working in collaboration with community partners, CYE supports meaningful participation by young people in the creation of thriving communities for all people.
The Center undertakes interdisciplinary activities in research, teaching and community outreach that connect research, policy and practice to improve young people’s environments. It focuses in particular on children and youth in environments of disadvantage and those with special needs.
The Center also serves as the Secretariat for the Children Youth and Environments Journal, an independent publication that is the premier source for authoritative research articles, in-depth reviews, cutting-edge field reports, critical book reviews and the latest news on children, youth and their environments. The Journal offers one-stop access to a growing audience in more than 150 countries. It links research with practice and supports the free sharing of knowledge across disciplinary and national boundaries.
Foci of work.
CYE works in six focus areas:
Research to evaluate policies and programs and to develop innovative solutions for problems facing children and youth today through empirical studies, critical analyses, and participatory action research.
Dissemination of research findings to share expertise, support the exchange of experience across communities and draw lessons that will guide future work through professional and general media.
Application of research findings to improve young people’s quality of life through collaborative, community-based outreach and intervention.
Knowledge and skill development of students and practitioners through teaching, service learning, internships, practical training, professional development other educational activities.
Capacity building through the formation of strategic partnerships and synergistic networks of researchers, practitioners and community stakeholders, including young people, as well as actors in the public and private sectors.
Advocacy and awareness raising on behalf of policies, programs and actions that benefit children and youth through white papers, recommendations to decision makers, expert witness testimony, and other forms of advice and influence.
Organizational structure.
The Center is governed by an Executive Committee which consists of Willem van Vliet- (director), Louise Chawla, David Driskell, and Fahriye Sancar. The Board of Directors helps connect the Center to key stakeholders and assists with fundraising. Several of its members participate in project activities. Projects also involve faculty affiliates, research affiliates, research associates, PhD students, and interns.
Publications.
The Center hosts the CYE Journal, an independent peer-reviewed publication with a multidisciplinary audience of research. The Center also publishes fact sheets, a newsletter, and an annual report.
Information Resources.
The Center maintains several interactive and searchable databases, including a news archive, a Directory of Organizations, a Directory of Experts, a Calendar of Events and a Bibliographic Database. It also manages an forum. All of these resources are freely accessible.
Courses.
Center staff are involved in the delivery of undergraduate and graduate level for-credit courses at the University of Colorado, related to young people and their environments. In addition, the Center is able to offer workshops and professional development courses.
Financial Support.
The College of Architecture and Planning funds the Center’s core operations. Grants and donations from various sources support specific Center projects. An anonymous donor has pledged to establish an endowment to support future development. The Center is not a grant-awarding organization.
See also.
Children Youth and Environments Journal

</doc>
<doc id="20534056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534056" title="Jarvis v Swans Tours Ltd">
Jarvis v Swans Tours Ltd

Jarvis v Swans Tours Ltd [http://www.bailii.org/ew/cases/EWCA/Civ/1972/8.html EWCA Civ 8 is an English contract law case on the measure of damages for disappointing breaches of contract.
Facts.
Mr. Jarvis was a solicitor for Barking Council. He chose to go for Christmas holiday in Switzerland. He got a brochure from Swan Tours Ltd, which for Mörlialp, Giswil said the attractions were,
"House Party Centre with special resident host. ... Mörlialp is a most wonderful little resort on a sunny plateau ... Up there you will find yourself in the midst of beautiful alpine scenery, which in winter becomes a wonderland of sun, snow and ice, with a wide variety of fine ski-runs, a skating rink and exhilarating toboggan run ... Why did we choose the Hotel Krone ... mainly and most of all because of the 'Gemütlichkeit' and friendly welcome you will receive from Herr and Frau Weibel. ... The Hotel Krone has its own Alphütte Bar which will be open several evenings a week. ... No doubt you will be in for a great time, when you book this houseparty holiday ... Mr. Weibel, the charming owner, speaks English."
In a special yellow box it said,
"Swans House Party in Mörlialp. All these House Party arrangements are included in the price of your holiday. Welcome party on arrival. Afternoon tea and cake for 7 days. Swiss dinner by candlelight. Fondue party. Yodeler evening. Chali farewell party in the 'Alphütte Bar'. Service of representative."
It also stated, "Hire of Skis, Sticks and Boots ... Ski Tuition ... 12 days £11.10." Mr Jarvis booked 15 days with a ski pack in August 1969 for £63.45, including Christmas supplement. He flew from Gatwick to Zurich on December 20, 1969, and returned on January 3, 1970. He found the "house party" was only 13 people in the first week and none in the second week. Mr Weibel could not speak English. As Lord Denning MR said,
So there was Mr. Jarvis, in the second week, in this hotel with no house party at all, and no one could speak English, except himself. He was very disappointed, too, with the ski-ing. It was some distance away at Giswil. There were no ordinary length skis. There were only mini-skis, about 3 ft. long. So he did not get his ski-ing as he wanted to. In the second week he did get some longer skis for a couple of days, but then, because of the boots, his feet got rubbed and he could not continue even with the long skis. So his ski-ing holiday, from his point of view, was pretty well ruined.
There were also no Swiss cakes, just crisps and little dry nut cakes. The "yodeler" was a local man who came in work clothes and sang four or five songs quickly. The "Alphütte Bar" was empty and only open one evening.
Mr Jarvis sued for breach of contract. The trial judge awarded £31.72, as the difference between the value paid and the value of the service received (half of what was paid for). Mr Jarvis appealed for more.
Judgment.
Lord Denning MR held that Mr Jarvis could recover damages for the cost of his holiday, but also damages for "disappointment, the distress, the upset and frustration caused by the breach." He said old limitations on damages for distress and disappointment are "out of date". Accordingly, £125 was awarded.
Edmund Davies LJ and Stephenson LJ concurred.

</doc>
<doc id="20534057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534057" title="Knetwit">
Knetwit

Knetwit.com was a social networking and study aid website aimed at colleges and universities. Knetwit hosted users’ intellectual property, and awarded users Koin (internal Knetwit currency) for its distribution. The site provided social networking features, such as friend lists and messaging. Through the Knetwit store, users could redeem their Koin for goods and cash. The domain, knetwit.com, expired on 24 March 2011 and has not been renewed. (As of 1 April 2011)
Knetwit was formed in 2007 by Tyler Jenks and Ben Wald. It moved its headquarters to Chattanooga, TN in 2008.
The site’s founders, Tyler Jenks and Benjamin Wald, were among 25 finalists in BusinessWeek’s 2008 America’s Best Young Entrepreneurs.
Criticisms of Knetwit.
Knetwit has been criticized for encouraging copyright infringement.
Knetwit has also been criticized for very long delays in processing times. The site claims 3-5 business days for money purchases to process, however the order ends up taking about 3 weeks on average to ship out.
Knetwit also switches up the formats that it will accept for Koin very often making it very hard to earn any "Koin". In the initial stages knetwit allowed powerpoints, pdfs, excel, all txt and wordpad documents, and bmp formats. This has been reduced over time to just word and text files after the powerpoint slide uploader did not work forcing members to convert the individual slides into bitmap files for more notes.
Many members of knetwit feel that the site has changed to make it harder for people to claim prizes (also due to the 500 bonus koin per every 5 notes being removed).
Other members have reported not receiving their orders after months of delay.
Knetwit is seem as encouraging students to miss class if the notes will be posted on their site.
Knetwit has recently added a "new" version of its store to the site...however the old store is still located on the site and the amount of koin is different from each store creating problems in checking out prizes.
Some notes whom members upload do not show up in their account and therefore do not receive credit for them, making it quite frustrating

</doc>
<doc id="20534069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534069" title="Language Says It All">
Language Says It All

Language Says It All is a 1987 American short documentary film about deaf children and their caregivers, directed by Rhyena Halpern and produced by Halpern and Megan Williams. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20534081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534081" title="List of television stations in Malaysia">
List of television stations in Malaysia

List of television stations in Malaysia:
Current television stations.
Astro.
Astro Channel Lineup
NJOI.
Free Satellite TV from Astro, as launched in March 2012, is a cooperation Between the government and Astro.
Disney XD and Nat Geo Wild, Astro Awani and KBS World are expected to join the Current channel lineup
by the end of 2013.
HyppTV.
HyppTV is available for UniFi and Streamyx 4Mbit/s/8Mbit/s. 

</doc>
<doc id="20534086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534086" title="Leandro De Miranda Almeyda">
Leandro De Miranda Almeyda

Leandro De Miranda Almeyda known as Miranda (born February 22, 1980) is a Brazilian football player currently playing for PFC Minyor Pernik.

</doc>
<doc id="20534103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534103" title="Nathalie de Vries">
Nathalie de Vries

Nathalie de Vries (born in Appingedam in 1965) is a Dutch architect, lecturer and urbanist. In 1991 together with Winy Maas and Jacob van Rijs she set up MVRDV. Early work such as the television centre Villa VPRO and the housing estate for elderly WoZoCo, both in the Netherlands, have brought her international acclaim and established MVRDV’s leading role in international architecture.
Education.
She completed her studies at the Delft University of Technology and worked afterwards at Dutch firm Mecanoo. She lectures and teaches throughout the world and takes part in international juries. She has been guest professor at the TU Berlin (2002-2004) and was the 2005 Morgenstern Visiting Critic at the Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago. She has also been teaching at the Berlage Institute in Rotterdam, the ABK in Arnhem and the Delft University of Technology. In 2013 she started lectures at german academy of art Kunstakademie Düsseldorf.
MVRDV.
In 1991, together with Winy Maas and Jacob van Rijs, she founded the MVRDV studio (an acronym of the initials of the names of the three founders), which produces designs and studies in the fields of architecture, urban studies and landscape design. The studies on light urbanism for the City of Rotterdam, the headquarters of the Dutch Public Broadcasting Company VPRO and the Wozoco's senior citizens' residences in Amsterdam, which won the J.A. van Eck Prize of the Dutch Architects' Association, have brought MVRDV to the attention of a vast collection of clients, giving the studio international renown. Today, the studio is actively involved in numerous projects in various parts of the world. MVRDV designed the Dutch pavilion for Expo 2000 in Hanover, the Logrono Eco-City in Spain, the Gyre building in Tokyo and many others.
Other functions.
From 1999 to 2005 she was a board member of the Netherlands Architecture Fund (1999/2005). She was member of the Gestaltungsbeirat of Salzburg (Austria, 2003/2006) and since 2004 she has been a member of the foundation board for the Dutch architectural journal "Oase". From 2005 to 2008 Nathalie de Vries was National Railroad Architect on behalf of ProRail/NS, the Dutch National Railway corporation. She recently joined the supervisory board of the Dutch Graphic Design Museum in Breda. Nathalie de Vries is married to Jacob van Rijs. They live in Schiedam, Netherlands and have two daughters. Nathalie de Vries is one of the few women co-leading an international architecture firm. Others are Zaha Hadid, Francine Houben and Farshid Moussavi.

</doc>
<doc id="20534106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534106" title="San Antone (album)">
San Antone (album)

San Antone is the fourth album released by Dan Seals. This album charted at #24 on the Top Country Albums chart. The Singles, "(You Bring Out) The Wild Side of Me", "My Baby's Got Good Timing", and "My Old Yellow Car" charted at #9, 2 and 9 respectively. This is his second album for Liberty Records. "One Friend" was later re-recorded for his 1987 album "The Best", from which it was released as a single.

</doc>
<doc id="20534118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534118" title="Silver into Gold">
Silver into Gold

Silver into Gold is a 1987 American short documentary film produced by Lynn Mueller. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20534126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534126" title="Ancient astronauts in popular culture">
Ancient astronauts in popular culture

Ancient astronauts have been addressed frequently in science fiction and horror fiction. Early occurrences in the genres include:

</doc>
<doc id="20534135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534135" title="Intellichem">
Intellichem

IntelliChem was a software development company, founded in 1998 by Paul van Eikeren and Josh van Eikeren in Bend, Oregon. Symyx Technologies, a NASDAQ listed company (SMMX), acquired IntelliChem in 2004. IntelliChem pioneered Electronic Laboratory Notebooks(ELNs) for use in pharmaceutical research and development, creating the first ELN (Synthesis) to span drug discovery and development. 

</doc>
<doc id="20534145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534145" title="Stuart Samuel">
Stuart Samuel

Sir Stuart Montagu Samuel, 1st Baronet (24 October 1856 – 13 May 1926) was a British Liberal politician. He was the elder brother of Herbert Samuel, 1st Viscount Samuel.
He attended the Liverpool Institute and University College School, Hampstead, London. He served as Justice of the Peace for the county of London, and was elected Member of Parliament for Whitechapel in 1900, replacing his uncle Samuel Montagu, 1st Baron Swaythling. Stuart Samuel retired from politics in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="20534175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534175" title="After claiming">
After claiming

After claiming (also "late claiming") is the practice of filing a US patent application after the publication by a third party of a description of the same invention. This is possible in US patent law since an inventor has one year after the publication of the description of an invention to get a patent application on file. 
In order to get the patent, however, the inventor must submit a declaration supported by evidence that he or she conceived of the invention before the third-party publication. The inventor must also provide evidence that he or she was diligent in either reducing the invention to practice or in filing the patent application.
Example.
On December 28, 1995, a "Synteni" (now Incyte Genomics) patent application WO/95/35505 was published describing a new microarray invention. A Synteni competitor, Affymetrix, filed a patent application describing almost exactly the same invention within six months. This patent application issued as . Affymetrix then sued Synteni for patent infringement. The case was eventually settled with both parties cross-licensing their patents to each other.

</doc>
<doc id="20534178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534178" title="John Ford (bishop)">
John Ford (bishop)

John Frank Ford (born 14 January 1952) is the current Bishop of Plymouth, a suffragan see in the Diocese of Exeter. 
Ford was educated at the Southampton College of Technology and Chichester Theological College. He was ordained in 1980 and began his career with a curacy at Christ Church, Forest Hill after which he was Vicar of St Augustine's Lee and then domestic chaplain to the Bishop of Horsham. He became diocesan missioner for the Diocese of Chichester and then a residentiary canon at Chichester Cathedral before his ordination to the episcopate. He also holds the post of an assistant bishop in the Diocese of Truro. A keen cricket fan, he is married with three children.
Ford was announced as the diocesan bishop of the Diocese of The Murray in South Australia on 30 June 2013. His installation is scheduled for 6 December 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20534190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534190" title="Billy Moore (rugby)">
Billy Moore (rugby)

Billy Moore (17 February 1910 – 31 March 1976) was a Welsh international dual-code rugby player who played rugby union for Bridgend RFC and rugby league for Rochdale Hornets. He was capped only once for Wales under the union code, for a match in the 1933 Home Nations Championship.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20534194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534194" title="Mbaye Diop">
Mbaye Diop

Mbaye Diop (born July 24, 1984) is a Senegalese footballer currently playing for Farense.

</doc>
<doc id="20534195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534195" title="Waterloo Medal">
Waterloo Medal

The Waterloo Medal was awarded to any soldier of the British Army (including members of the King's German Legion) who took part in one or more of the following battles: Battle of Ligny (16 June 1815), Battle of Quatre Bras (16 June 1815), and the Battle of Waterloo (18 June 1815).
The medal was issued in 1816–17 to every soldier present at one or more of these battles. They were also credited with two years extra service and pay, to count for all purposes. The soldier was known and described as a 'Waterloo Man'. The obverse of this medal bears the effigy of the Prince Regent with the inscription 'GEORGE P. REGENT', while the reverse depicts the seated figure of Victory with the words 'WELLINGTON' and 'WATERLOO' below and the date 'JUNE 15 1815'. The ribbon passes through a large iron ring on top of the medal. The medal is made of silver and is 37mm wide. A total of 39,000 were awarded. 
This is the first medal issued by the British Government to all soldiers present at an action. The Military General Service Medal (MGSM) commemorates earlier battles, but was not issued until 1848. The Waterloo Medal was also the first campaign medal awarded to the next-of-kin of men killed in action.
At the time the granting of this medeal was anything but popular in the British Army, the veterans of the Peninsula War feeling aggrieved that those who were present at Waterloo—many of them raw recruits, who had never seen a shot fired before—should receive such a public acknowledgement of their achievements; while they, who had undergone the labours and privations of the whole war, had had no recognition of their services beyond the thirteen votes of thanks awarded to them in Parliament. There was no doubt some truth in what was averred by and on the part of the old soldiers; at the same time it must be remembered, that British military pride had hitherto rebelled against the practice common in Continental armies, of conferring medals and distinctions on every man, or every regiment, who had simply done their duty in their respective services.
It was also the first medal on which the recipient's name was impressed around the edge by machine.
Five nations of Seventh Coalition struck medals for soldiers who took part in the campaign:

</doc>
<doc id="20534214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534214" title="Children, Youth and Environments">
Children, Youth and Environments

Children, Youth and Environments is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes research articles, in-depth analyses, cutting-edge field reports, and critical book reviews on research, policy, and practice concerning inclusive and sustainable environments for children and youth worldwide. 
From 1984 through 1995, it was produced in print through the Children, Environments Research Group at the City University of New York with Roger Hart as editor. Since 2003 it has been published online by the Children Youth and Environments Center at the University of Colorado. The journal usually appears twice yearly.
The journal publishes papers on a broad range of topics and approaches, including quantitative and qualitative empirical research, theoretical, methodological and historical investigations, critical literature reviews, design analyses, post-occupancy evaluations, policy studies, and program assessments. It welcomes papers from diverse viewpoints, varied approaches, and different cultures. The organizing focus is the physical environment.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is currently abstracted in Sociological Abstracts, Community Services Abstracts, Sage Urban Studies Abstracts, Sage Family Studies Abstracts, "Journal of Planning Literature", and the National Clearinghouse for Educational Facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="20534225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534225" title="The Damned Thing (short story)">
The Damned Thing (short story)

"The Damned Thing" is a short story written by Ambrose Bierce. It first appeared in "Tales from New York Town Topics" on December 7, 1893. This story focuses on how the human race takes their views of nature for granted, and how there may be things in the natural world that the human eye cannot see or the human ear cannot hear.
Plot.
"The Damned Thing" is written in four parts, each with a comical subtitle. The story begins in Hugh Morgan's cabin, where local men have gathered around the battered corpse of Hugh Morgan to hold an inquest concerning his death. William Harker, a witness to the death, enters and is sworn in by the coroner to relate the circumstances. William reads a prepared statement about a hunting and fishing outing undertaken with Morgan. He and Morgan encountered a series of disturbances that Morgan referred to as "that damned thing". During the last encounter, Morgan fired his gun in fear, then fell to the ground and cried out in mortal agony. Harker saw his companion moving violently and erratically, while shouting and making disturbing cries. He thought Morgan was having convulsions because he didn't appear to be under attack. By the time Harker reached Morgan, Morgan was dead.
The coroner states that Morgan's diary contains no evidence in the matter of his death. A juror implies that Harker's testimony is symptomatic of insanity, and Harker leaves the inquest in anger. The jury concludes that Morgan was killed by a mountain lion. 
The story becomes epistolary in nature, detailing entries from Morgan's diary in which he claims to have experienced things in the natural world that cannot be seen or heard, such as "the damned thing".
Analysis.
"The Damned Thing" deals with how the human race takes the view of the natural world for granted because the human race expects certain things from what only they could see and hear. There are things in the natural world the human eye cannot see and the human ear cannot hear that should evoke the emotion of terror for the human race. 
In the story, Morgan states in his diary the human eye is an imperfect instrument because its "range is but a few octaves of the real chromatic scale." Morgan is saying there are colors the human eye cannot see. He uses the example of chemists detecting the presence of actinic rays the human eye is unable to see without the use of scientific instruments. He also states the ear is an imperfect instrument because "either end of the scale are notes that stir no chord in that imperfect instrument, the human ear." He uses examples of him seeing a flock of black birds fly away simultaneously when they could not see each other because of a hill and tree tops. He inferred "there must have been a signal of warning or command, high and shrill above the din" which he did not hear. 
Morgan comes to believe these assumptions of humans having imperfect instruments because of his experiences and first hand encounters with things in nature he couldn't explain, like with some of the examples stated above. Also his experience and curiosity with the damned thing lead to Morgan’s assumptions. He knew the damned thing could see certain colors, hear certain things and smell certain things the human race couldn't because of his own observations and inferences about the damned thing he wrote about in his diary. The damned thing has a great advantage over the human race because the damned thing was "of such a color." It could smell, hear and most importantly see things Morgan or any other human being couldn't. This scared Morgan very much because he stated his realization was terrible and insupportable. He thought he was becoming mad. 
The 'damned thing' is not further detailed in the story. The damned thing is supposed to be horrific in relation to humans not knowing what it could do or what it will do next. The human race is at a disadvantage because of their imperfect instruments and cannot know what the invisible beast, or what any animal in nature, will do next.
Gothic elements.
"The Damned Thing" presents a number of Gothic elements throughout the short story. Some of the gothic elements include revealing what culture does not want to tell or admit and spreading social anxieties.
"The Damned Thing" reveals what culture does not want to tell or admit because one of the main premises of the story was to show how the human race takes the view of the natural world for granted because they expect certain things in nature from what only they could see and hear. Culture doesn't want to admit animals have a great advantage over the human race and their "imperfect instruments" because that means the human race can no longer be looked at as the most superior and intelligent life form. The human race can now be seen as a fragile, weak species who is susceptible to any animal in nature.
This revealing realization can also be incorporated into widespread social anxieties because knowing the human race is at disadvantage when it comes to animals, the anxiety of fear and terror can quickly set in. The human race now knows animals could be capable of anything human beings could never detect, see or sense until it's possibly too late.
The story has some similarities with a French story "Le Horla" by Guy de Maupassant, published in 1887, about an invisible, terrible creature, called Horla, perhaps alien or supernatural, intent on conquering the world; in the story, the protagonist complains that we cannot see the Horla because our senses are inadequate.
TV adaptations.
In 1975, Yugoslav director Branko Pleša made a TV movie entitled "Prokletinja" (Serbo-Croatian for "The Damned Thing") based on the story.
"The Damned Thing" was very loosely adapted into an episode of the television series "Masters of Horror". It was inspired by Ambrose Bierce's short story and was directed by Tobe Hooper and written by Richard Christian Matheson. The TV adaptation focuses on an invisible force wreaking havoc on a man's family and town that forces the town members to kill each other and themselves. It first aired on October 26, 2007 with mixed reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="20534230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534230" title="Gang Cops">
Gang Cops

Gang Cops is a 1988 American short documentary film directed by Thomas B. Fleming. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.
It was produced in collaboration with the University of Southern California Center for Visual Anthropology and the School of Cinema/Television.

</doc>
<doc id="20534238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534238" title="Maleficium">
Maleficium

Maleficium may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20534261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534261" title="Bruno Paes">
Bruno Paes

Bruno Paes (born May 3, 1982) is a Brazilian football player currently a free agent after playing for Kalloni in the 2011-12 Greek Football League.
Power and hability are parts of his style. 

</doc>
<doc id="20534269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534269" title="Family Gathering">
Family Gathering

Family Gathering is a 1988 American short documentary film by Lise Yasui, exploring three generations of her Japanese-American family, from their immigration to Oregon in the early 20th century through their imprisonment in internment camps during World War II. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20534278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534278" title="Moore Bay (Northwest Territories)">
Moore Bay (Northwest Territories)

Moore Bay () is an inlet in the north-east of Prince Patrick Island, Northwest Territories, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20534285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534285" title="Dorb the Chemist, Inc.">
Dorb the Chemist, Inc.

Dorb the Chemist, Inc. was a pharmaceutical chain which was based in the Murray Hill section of Manhattan, New York. The business thrived between 1926 "-" 1932. Started by chemist/pharmacist Abraham Dorb, the company is noteworthy because of its being an example of a firm which lost its vitality because of the Great Depression. It is also significant in the transition of Murray Hill from a social center of New York City to one which was more commercial
in its nature. Dorb the Chemist, Inc., had five locations in the greater New York City and planned twenty more stores, prior to the onset of hard times in the 1930s.
Business history.
Dorb the Chemist purchased a site formerly occupied by a five-story brownstone at 267 Madison Avenue, between 39th Street and 40th Street. The demolished structure was replaced by a two story sandstone building which was used by Dorb for its executive offices. The fifth store of the chain opened in the Bartholomew
Building, at East 42nd Street (Manhattan), in March 1929. In January 1930, the Sidney Smith Pharmacy of Brooklyn, New York changed its name to Dorb the Chemist. In April 1931 Dorb
the Chemist leased the corner store in the Delmonico Hotel, on 59th Street and Park Avenue (Manhattan).
Abraham Dorb filed a petition for bankruptcy in November 1932. His liabilities totaled $166,271, including "contingent obligations" on debts
contracted by Dorb the Chemist, Inc., and Delmonic Dorb the Chemist, Inc., no assets.

</doc>
<doc id="20534286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534286" title="James Dearman">
James Dearman

James Dearman (born c.1808 and christened 31 January 1808 at Darnall, Sheffield; died 3 September 1854) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1826 to 1846.
An all-rounder and occasional wicket-keeper who was mainly associated with Sheffield, he made 22 known appearances in first-class matches. He represented the North in the North v. South series. A small man, 5ft 4in tall, he and his brother Charles played in Sheffield matches up to 1846, and one of them may have appeared in a Marsden match in 1826. Originally a filesmith living in Sheffield, he moved to Darnell in 1835, where he kept the inn and cricket ground, his wife continuing to run the ground after his death.
In 1838, Dearman challenged Alfred Mynn for the single wicket "championship of England". They played two matches at Town Malling and Sheffield. Both were won by Mynn. Dearman was so small beside Mynn that they were dubbed "David and Goliath".

</doc>
<doc id="20534296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534296" title="Henri Bacry">
Henri Bacry

Henri Bacry (1928 – 2010) is Professor Emeritus at the Université de la Méditerranée. Henri Bacry was assistant of physics at the Faculté des Sciences d'Alger and then Professor of mathematics at Lycée Bugeaud, before becoming, in 1969, Professor at the Faculté des Sciences de Luminy. He was a visiting scholar at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton in 1966-6 and a researcher at CERN. He is the founder in 1972 of the International Colloquium of Group Theoretical Methods in Physics. He has numerous publications on theoretical physics, problems of symmetry in various fields ranging from relativity to particle physics, optics, physics of sound and statistical mechanics and some work in mathematics.

</doc>
<doc id="20534321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534321" title="The Children's Storefront (film)">
The Children's Storefront (film)

"The Children's Storefront" is a 1988 American short documentary film directed by Karen Goodman. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20534329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534329" title="Lists of British people by ethnic or national origin">
Lists of British people by ethnic or national origin


</doc>
<doc id="20534335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534335" title="Tandem Games">
Tandem Games

Tandem Games, founded in 2007, is the company that is responsible for the highly rated web-based RPG "Domain of Heroes". 
Currently it is led by Aaron Murray of Round Rock, Texas. The company also won the 2008 Intel Game Demo Contest with an entry titled "Crunch Time." 

</doc>
<doc id="20534345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534345" title="2009 Florida State Seminoles football team">
2009 Florida State Seminoles football team

The 2009 Florida State Seminoles football team represented Florida State University during the 2009 college football season. The Seminoles finished the season 7–6, 4–4 in ACC play and won the Gator Bowl 33–21 over West Virginia.
Legendary head coach Bobby Bowden retired at the end of the 2009 season after 34 seasons at the helm for Florida State (and 33 consecutive winning seasons). Offensive Coordinator Jimbo Fisher was named the new head coach for the 2010 season.
Previous Season.
Florida State entered the 2009 season coming off a 2008 season that ended with a 9–4 record (5–3 in the Atlantic Coast Conference) and a Champs Sports Bowl victory over Wisconsin. Florida State also won a share of the ACC Atlantic Division, but due to the head-to-head record versus Boston College, the Eagles represented the Atlantic Division in the Championship Game held in Tampa.
Game Capsules.
Please Note:
Miami (0–0).
Pregame Line: FSU −4
Miami's defense stops Florida St. to back up Harris' final TD drive
(0–1).
Pregame Line: Lines are not released when an FCS team plays an FBS team.
Florida State steals win from lower-division Jacksonville State
#9 Brigham Young (2–0).
Pregame Line: BYU −6.5
Ponder drives Seminoles to decisive win over No. 7 Cougars
South Florida (3–0).
Pregame Line: FSU −12
Daniels steps in for injured Grothe, lifts USF to first ever win over FSU.
Boston College (3–1).
Pregame Line: FSU −5
BC blows 18-point lead, barely holds off FSU.
#23 Georgia Tech (4–1).
Pregame Line: FSU −2.5
North Carolina (4–2).
Pregame Line: UNC −2.5
Ponder rallies Seminoles from deficit to knock off North Carolina.
NC State (3–4).
Pregame Line: FSU −7
Florida St. edges NC State late in barnburner
Clemson (5–3).
Pregame Line: Clemson −8
Spiller rushes for 165 yards, touchdown as Clemson routs Florida St.
Wake Forest (4–6).
Pregame Line: Wake −5
Thomas, Manuel help Florida State roll past Wake
Maryland (2–8).
Pregame Line: FSU −17
Florida State edges Maryland on last-minute TD to become bowl eligible
#1 Florida (11–0).
Pregame Line: Florida −21
Tebow accounts for five TDs in final home game as a Gator
Gator Bowl: #16 West Virginia (9–3).
Pregame Line: WVU −3
Bowden goes out a winner as Seminoles dispatch Mountaineers
References.
http://sports.espn.go.com/ncf/teams/stats?teamId=52

</doc>
<doc id="20534360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534360" title="History of the Jews in Munich">
History of the Jews in Munich

The history of the Jews in Munich, Germany, dates back to the beginning of the 13th century. However, in 1442 Jews were excluded from Upper Bavaria.
Jews only settled back in Munich at the end of the 18th century (53 in 1781, 127 in 1790). The Jewish population is estimated at around 3,500-4,000 in 1875 and around 11,000 in 1910 after the immigration of Eastern Jews following the outbreak of pogroms in Russia.
By the time the Nazis rose to national power in 1933, there were about 9,000-10,000 Jews in Munich. By May 1938, about 3,500 Jews had emigrated, ca. 3,100 of them moving abroad. By May 1939, the number of Jews in the city had further declined to 5,000. In 1944, only 7 Jews remained in Munich. During the war, about 3,000 Jews were deported, with only about 300 returning after the war.
A new community was founded in 1945 which had grown to about 3,500 by 1970. Following the emigration of Jews from the former Soviet Union after 1990, the Jewish population in Munich numbered 5,000 in 1995 and is estimated today to around 9,000, making it the second largest Jewish community in Germany after Berlin. 

</doc>
<doc id="20534366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534366" title="Sir John Bayley, 2nd Baronet">
Sir John Bayley, 2nd Baronet

Sir John Edward George Bayley, 2nd Baronet (23 December 1793 – 23 December 1871) was an English baronet and amateur cricketer.
Born in London, he was the son of Sir John Bayley, 1st Baronet and his wife Elizabeth, the youngest daughter of John Markett. Bayley was called to the bar by the Inner Temple in 1835 and went then to the Northern Circuit. He succeeded his father as baronet in 1841.
Bayley played first-class cricket from 1817 to 1832. Mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), he made 11 known appearances in first-class matches. He represented the Gentlemen in the Gentlemen v Players series.
In 1822, he married firstly Charlotte, the daughter of John Minett Fector. After her death in 1854, Bayley remarried Selina Marley. He died at Kensington in 1871 and was succeeded in the baronetcy by his son John, and also the father of Hon. Lyttleton Holyoake Bayley.

</doc>
<doc id="20534372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534372" title="Portrait of Imogen">
Portrait of Imogen

Portrait of Imogen is a 1988 American short documentary film about American photographer Imogen Cunningham, directed by Meg Partridge. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20534374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534374" title="Ante Vitaić">
Ante Vitaić

Ante Vitaić (born 7 June 1982) is a Croatian football player currently playing for RNK Split. He is well known for his passing skills, overview and intelligence on the pitch.

</doc>
<doc id="20534375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534375" title="Sean Nós and Sean-nós Activities">
Sean Nós and Sean-nós Activities

Sean Nós and Sean-nós Activities refers to the Irish traditional activities in the "Old Style," such as Sean-nós song and Sean-nós dance. When the words "Sean Nós" are used in isolation, the general connotation is to anything Irish in an "old style"—as opposed to the "new way." When referring in isolation to just "Sean Nós," the term frequently means Sean-nós song in particular. However, other "old style" Irish cultural activities exist as well, such as Sean-nós dance.
The terms "Sean Nós" and "Sean-Nós" activities.
Non-English words—and the associated foreign characters or diacriticals (the "fada," accent mark, or other symbols added to the "base letter" to indicate the specific character or phoneme)—can be confusing to non-native speakers or readers. The Irish Gaelic phrase "Sean Nós" is a prime example.

</doc>
<doc id="20534376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534376" title="David de Stern">
David de Stern

David de Stern, also known as Viscount Stern (d. London Jan. 19, 1877) was a British banker and senior partner of the firm of Stern Brothers. 
Stern, born in Frankfurt belonged to a prominent banking family. In 1869 by the King of Portugal conferred the title of viscount in recognition of the work of Stern's bank in floating Portuguese loans. Stern was a member of the Commission of Lieutenancy of the City of London. He was a director of the Imperial Bank. Stern married Sophia, daughter of Aaron Asher Goldsmid, brother of Sir Isaac Lyon Goldsmid. Their son was Sydney Stern, 1st Baron Wandsworth, and their daughter Alice married the Conservative Party politician Francis Lucas.

</doc>
<doc id="20534384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534384" title="Elkins Estate">
Elkins Estate

Elkins Estate is a estate located in Elkins Park, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania. The estate contains seven buildings, the most notable being Elstowe Manor and Chelten House, both Horace Trumbauer designed mansions. Elstowe Manor was built in 1898 at the location where "Needles", the former family summer home of William L. Elkins had stood. Elkins, a prominent Philadelphia businessman, was integral in the formation of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company and SEPTA. 
Elstowe Manor.
The 45 room Manor was built in the style of Italian High Renaissance. The unique interior features, such as the ornate carved wood and gilded molding, marble columns and accents, frescoed ceilings, gargoyles and the like, were crafted in Europe and shipped to the United States, where they were assembled on-site. The interior was designed by renowned French interior decor experts Allard et Fils, which accounts for the distinctly French feel in some of the rooms. The home is anchored on either side by a large library and drawing room. Between these rooms are two wings, one containing a breakfast room and dining room and the other containing a billiard room and den with a separate wing leading to a large gallery. These wings all lead to a grand staircase in the center of the house. The second floor has nine bedrooms, three dressing rooms and seven baths. The third floor and raised basement is where the servant quarters are located. With the mansion Trumbauer also designed the wrought iron gates at the entrance of the estate along with a small gatehouse, a powerhouse and an eight car garage.
Chelten House.
In 1896 Elkins commissioned Horace Trumbauer to build a home on the estate for his son, George W. Elkins. This mansion, Chelten House, was built in the Elizabethan style. The house was situated on a large, balustraded terrace which allows for outdoor living space. The first floor of the house is composed of local Wissahickon schist with the second and third floor are half-timbered with panels of pebbledash. The interior space is fashioned with a stuccoed Gothic tracery ceiling with Tudor style paneling. Stables are located directly behind the house.
Ownership after Elkins.
In 1932 William H. Elkins, grandson of William L. Elkins, sold the Elstowe manor property to the Dominican Sisters of St. Catherine de' Ricci. Chelten House was owned by Philadelphia Cigarette Manufacturer, Stephen X. Stephano. After the death of his wife Penelope he sold Chelten House to the Dominican Sisters in 1948.
The Sisters operated both buildings (know as the Dominican Retreat House) as a women’s religious retreat and preserved the grounds and historical integrity of the buildings. Thousands of women and men attended retreats, days of prayer and other spiritual programs for 75 years. Women would come to pray, meditate and find a place of refuge and reflection. At its peak as many as 14,000 women and men came to the Dominican Retreat House in one year. The dedication of the sisters to preservation of the historic mansions on the estate was extraordinary and today, in 2013, the original features and architectural details remain intact. It was described as the most significant example of Gilded Age architecture in the region by John Gallery, of the Philadelphia Preservation Alliance.
Over time the needs of people coming on retreat changed and the economic challenges of operating the buildings became unsustainable for the Dominican Sisters. The Dominican Retreat House was at the time of its closing in 2006, the oldest retreat house for women in the United States. 
In February, 2009, the Dominican Sisters sold the 42 acre property to the Land Conservancy of Elkins Park, PA who intended to use the facility for group spiritual, health and wellness education retreats, and also as a backdrop for elegant special events. The property was reopened in September of 2009 as aElkins Estate and has hosted a number of wedding receptions and events. But Land Conservancy could not keep up payments to the sisters who held the mortgage. In November 2010, because of numerous missed payments, including a $250,000 payment on the principle, the Dominican congregation foreclosed on the property, and Land Conservancy of Elkins Park filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. The property was in bankruptcy reorganization until October, 2012 when the case was dismissed. 
The Congregation filed a motion to evict Land Conservancy in March 2012 after it defaulted on a Revised Settlement Agreement. The agreement held that if Land Conservancy defaulted on its first payment of $300,000 it would vacate the premises, but they refused to leave and continued to hold events there until November, 2012. The legal battle continued. The Philadelphia Inquirer ran an extensive story describing the legal dispute October 31, 2012.
On January 24, 2013 the Dominican Sisters and Land Conservancy reached an agreement in which Land Conservancy would vacate the premises and relinquish control back to the sisters by January 30, 2013. The Dominican Sisters regained possession of the property and are in the process of repairing damage and working with other partners to develop plans for the future of the estate. See this story in Citizens Call. The Philadelphia Inquirer also reported on the story here.
References.
1. Kathrens, Michael (2002). American Splendor: The Residential Architecture of Horace Trumbauer. Acanthus Press. ISBN 0-926494-22-8.
3. http://www.montgomerynews.com/articles/2010/11/02/glenside_news_globe_times_chronicle/news/doc4cd0a8df2d3dc809582635.txt

</doc>
<doc id="20534385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534385" title="Norm Hitzges">
Norm Hitzges

Norman R. "Norm" Hitzges (born July 5, 1944) is an author and sports talk radio host at KTCK (1310 AM / 96.7 FM, "SportsRadio 1310 The Ticket") in Dallas, Texas. Hitzges moved to (former rival) KTCK after sister station KLIF removed sports talk programming from its lineup in early 2000. Hitzges also serves as the television play-by-play voice of the Dallas Sidekicks.
He has also provided major league baseball commentary for ESPN. Hitzges is known for his enthusiasm and knowledge of sports trivia and has been compared to Dick Vitale for his energy and love of sports. Hitzges has been honored by the Dallas All Sports Association and the Texas Baseball Hall of Fame.
Hitzges also hosts "Norm-A-Thon", a yearly 18 hour marathon broadcast to raise money for the Austin Street Centre, a Dallas area homeless shelter. Hitzges has also been a long-time supporter of Texans! Can Academy, an organization that provides at-risk youths with education and training.

</doc>
<doc id="20534393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534393" title="Inti Gas Deportes">
Inti Gas Deportes

Inti Gas Deportes is a Peruvian football club located in Ayacucho, Peru. Some of its former names are Aurora Miraflores, Olímpico San Luis, Olímpico Somos Peru, Olímpico Aurora Miraflores and Loreto FC. As Olímpico Somos Peru, the club won a Second Division title in 2006, and as Inti Gas, the club finished as runner-up in 2008.
History.
Olímpico.
Olímpico San Luis was promoted to the Second Division in 2000. The following year they changed the club name to Olímpico Somos Peru. In 2004 they won the Second Division and played in the finals of the Copa Perú to gain promotion, however they lost to Deportivo Municipal in the quarterfinals. Beginning in 2006, they officially changed their name to Olímpico Aurora Miraflores.
Real Loreto FC.
In 2007, the club moved their home ground to Iquitos and renamed as Real Loreto FC in order to increase their fanbase. They failed to gain a large amount of support from Iquitos and for 2008 they returned to Lima.
Inti Gas.
In 2008, the club received sponsorship from the gas provider Inti Gas. They relocated to Huamanga, Ayacucho but they decided to play their home games in Ica because another Second Division team already had their home ground in Ayacucho and security issues that have risen. They were runners-up of the 2008 Second Division and were promoted to the 2009 First Division. Ayacucho has recently sought to permanently keep the club in its city.
Stadiums.
Inti Gas Deportes mainly plays their home matches in the Estadio Ciudad de Cumaná located in Ayacucho, Huamanga, Peru. The club's second stadium for home matches is the Estadio Municipal de Huanta (capacity: 10,000) located in Huanta, Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="20534394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534394" title="Old main synagogue, Segovia">
Old main synagogue, Segovia

The old main synagogue () is a religious edifice in Segovia, Spain. Dating to the 14th century, it was converted into a convent of the nuns of Order of Saint Clare. The building was almost completely destroyed in a fire in 1899 and has been reconstructed since.
History.
The construction of the old main synagogue took place around mid-14th century. Beginning in the 15th century, it was confiscated by the authorities and converted into a church in 1419, dedicated to Corpus Christi. In 1421, the bishop of Segovia handed the building and premises over to the Monastery of Santa María de Párraces. The monastery in turn sold it to two brothers, Manuel and Antonio del Sello, who transformed it into a convent for the Sisters of Penitence. The former synagoge still forms part of that convent.
Architecture.
The entrance to the synagogue is not directly from the street, but through a courtyard. The shape of the synagogue was rectangular, divided into three naves by two large arcades in the Moorish style. The pillars supporting these arches are ocagonal in shape and have large capitals featuring vegetal decoration. Above each of the two arcades ran a smaller arcade connecting the two big arches from the ground with the top of the central nave. In 1899 a fire completely destroyed the building. Its present appearance is a result of restoration work that took place starting in 1902 and the last one in 2004, when the original plasterwork of the capitals was restored. The reconstruction was possible since small fragments of the original capitals were discovered, which made the reproduction possible. Opposite the entrance hangs a painting by Vicente Cutanda called "Miracle in the synagogue" ("Milagro en la sinagoga"), painted in 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="20534399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534399" title="Desbarats Strait">
Desbarats Strait

Desbarats Strait is a natural waterway through the central Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. It separates the Findlay Group of islands (to the north) from Cameron Island (to the south).

</doc>
<doc id="20534410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534410" title="Tallinn Black Nights Film Festival">
Tallinn Black Nights Film Festival

Tallinn Black Nights Film Festival ("Tallinna Pimedate Ööde Filmifestival" in Estonian, "PÖFF" in short) is an annual film festival held in Tallinn, Estonia. The Black Nights Film Festival arrives in Tallinn each year in November. 
When it began in 1997, PÖFF was principally a showcase for Nordic film, but as the festival has grown it has dramatically expanded its overview. Today PÖFF is one of the largest and most distinctive film events in the whole of Northern Europe. During its 15th edition in 2011 the festival screened more than 500 films (including 260 full length), bringing over 666 screenings to a record-breaking audience of over 73,000 people as well as over 500 industry guests and journalists. 
In 2012 the festival will celebrate 100 years of Estonian Cinema. Recognised by FIAPF, PÖFF embraces a cluster of events, accommodating three full-blown sub-festivals (Animated Dreams, Just Film and Sleepwalkers) as well as international industry gatherings (e.g. Black Market and Baltic Event).
Altogether, PÖFF includes three international competitive programmes (EurAsia, Tridens Baltic, and North-American indie films), a traditional film festival programme with documentaries and feature films as well as a programme for short films. The festival hosts a special programme in cooperation with Screen International – Critics’ Choice, several retrospectives, a programme for prize-winning films from other festivals and other special programmes.
Animated Dreams has established itself as the biggest animation film festival in North-Eastern Europe, screening an international competition of short animations alongside non-competitive programmes, filmmaker retrospectives and country focus. In 2011 it included a new networking and training event AnimaCampus Tallinn with applicants from five continents and more than 30 countries. The festival also plans to launch an online talent and project market in the first quarter of 2012.
Just Film is the biggest children and youth film festival in the region. The festival includes a programme called streetCULTure, which consists of both fiction and documentary films that tackle the topics of modern subcultures among young people. The festival is truly designed for its young audiences – the best films are selected by juries of local youngsters whilst the festival blog is created by young film critics who post their daily reviews of the films.
The industry events bring important industry players to PÖFF, including producers, industry leaders and distributors from Europe, Asia and beyond.
Black Market Industry Screenings.
Black Market is a new regional cinema and audiovisual market mainly focusing on the new films from the neighboring regions and smaller film industry countries: Central and Eastern European countries, Nordic countries, Russia and countries like Georgia, Ukraine, Romania, Armenia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyztan, Tadjikistan, Azerbaijan. The traditional Baltic Event screenings, now organized in cooperation with Black Market Industry Screenings, will show the newest features from Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
The goal is to enhance audiovisual cooperation on both sides of the Eastern border of European Union (EU) and Nordic countries and to give filmmakers visibility and access to the bigger audiovisual markets around the world. The timing of the screenings and meetings in the beginning of December will help to summarize the year and prepare for the next one. 
In addition to the market Literary rights market "Books To Films" will be presenting and promoting film literature from Estonia, Latvia. Lithuania, Finland, Russia, Georgia and Ukraine. Up to 14 titles will be selected and presented to possible producers and filmmakers who are looking for new ideas.
Baltic Event film and co-production market.
The largest regional film market, and place to meet the Baltic film industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20534418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534418" title="Arthur W. Wermuth">
Arthur W. Wermuth

Arthur William Wermuth, Jr., dubbed the "One-Man Army of Bataan," was a United States Army officer during World War II and a prisoner of war from April 1942 until August 1945.
Background.
Wermuth was born in South Dakota, but raised in Chicago's Lakeview neighborhood at 3631 N. Janssen Avenue. His hometown during World War II was listed as Traverse City, Michigan. His father was a doctor and World War I veteran who died in 1937 and his mother was Clara Natalie Lorenz. His sister, Natalie, was a professional dancer in the Chicago in the 1940s using the stage name Talia.
Wermuth was a graduate of Northwestern Military and Naval Academy in 1932. He was an athletic youth and participated in many sports at the academy including in crew, football, track, and baseball. His teammates nicknamed him "Satch." He played guard and tackle in football and was an outfielder with a .299 batting average in baseball. In track and field he participated in shot put and discus. The student "Log Book" described him saying, "Defensively, he was a hard man to get through. Offensively, many gains were made through holes he opened."
At North Park University, he was in the ROTC and received a Bachelor of Science in Bacteriology. Wermuth was married to Jean Wilkins, of Chicago, from June 1, 1935 until they divorced in 1947.
World War II.
Wermuth received his Army commission in 1936 while he was a junior at Northwestern University. He served in the infantry reserves as a Second Lieutenant in the Civilian Conservation Corps and was stationed near Watersmeet, Michigan. It was during this time that he learned wilderness survival skills. He entered active duty January, 1941 at Fort Brady, Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, where he remained until April, 1941. He was promoted to Captain December 19, 1941 after the invasion of the Philippines and was one of a handful of Americans in the primarily Filipino 57th Infantry Regiment of the Philippine Scouts. On January 5, 1942, Wermuth organized a group of 185 Filipinos into a group that became known as "suicide snipers" to counter enemy infiltration behind American lines and as a counter-sniper force. Over the next three weeks he and his force claimed over 500 enemy killed while losing 45 of its own. He was shot in the leg in January while on a successful mission to destroy a bridge and burn an enemy encampment. On February 3, he was shot in the left breast and was carried back to receive treatment. On February 15, he left the medical facility without permission and rejoined his battalion. In early April he fell down a ravine and was seriously injured on a large boulder. He awakened in Field Hospital Number 2 as it was being overrun by Japanese forces.
Wermuth received the Distinguished Service Cross for his actions in January, 1942 in the Philippine Islands. He became known as the "one-man army of Bataan" and was widely credited with over 116 kills. He also received the Silver Star and three Purple Heart decorations.
Captivity.
Wermuth's injuries forced him to remain in a Japanese hospital until May 25, 1942 when he was transported to New Bilibid Prison. His injuries spared him from the Bataan Death March. After Bilibid, he was transported via boxcar to a camp near Cabanatuan. In September, he was sent to Lipa City, Batangas and placed in charge of a 500-man work detail to construct a runway. During the construction, his crew deliberately sabotaged the runway so that it buckled under the weight of landing bombers. His injuries forced him to be sent back to Bilibid in January, 1943, where he was operated on April, 1943 by an American surgeon who was also in captivity. In June, he was sent back to Cabanatuan to join a farming detail. In January, 1944 his detail was being worked to the point where men were collapsing in the manure. When he demanded that the Japanese commander take it easy on his men, he received a severe beating, damaging his kidneys and sending him back to a hospital.
On October 13, 1944, he was transferred back to Bilibid until December, when he boarded the "hell ship" "Oryoku Maru" as one of 1620 prisoners. Because the prison ship was unmarked, it was bombed December 15, 1944 at Olongapo in Subic Bay by aircraft from USS "Hornet" who mistook it for a troop transport, killing several hundred POWs. Wermuth survived the bombing and was transported by boxcar to San Fernando. 160 men were placed in his car and as there was no room to move or sit, were forced to stand for the duration of the 26-hour trip. According to Wermuth, the man beside him died on his feet and was held in place by the crowd for the rest of the trip since there was no room to remove the corpse. In January, 1945, he was transported to Formosa aboard the "Enoura Maru". Wermuth received his fourth Purple Heart due to the injuries sustained when bombers from the USS "Hornet" attacked "Enoura Maru". Next he was transported to Japan, then to Pusan, Korea, then to Mukden, where his prison camp was liberated by the Russians in August, 1945. When he was found, he weighed , having weighed earlier in the war. Wermuth returned to the United States on the transport SS "Marine Shark", arriving November 1, 1945 in San Francisco. On his return, he modestly credited the Filipino scouts for many of his exploits saying, "Ninety percent of the credit for what I did was due to them. They're the best soldiers in the world. I just happened to be in the right place at the right time."
Post war.
Shortly after the war ended, Olivia Josephine Oswald, a Filipino nurse, claimed to have married Wermuth December 7, 1941 on the rooftop of the Great Eastern hotel in Manila, though this was disputed by Wermuth. His divorce to Jean was finalized June 4, 1947 and the same day he married Patricia Steele, a 23-year-old parachutist from Denver, Colorado. He and Patricia adopted an 8 year old named David about 1956.
In 1948 Wermuth was elected Marshal of City Court in Wichita, Kansas. and subsequently arrested L. Ron Hubbard in 1951. He was sheriff of Jefferson County, Colorado from 1957 to 1962. He resigned May 1, 1962 in lieu of prosecution on an embezzlement charge. As sheriff, Wermuth was also involved in the 1960 investigation of the kidnapping and murder of Adolph Coors III. In the early 1960s, it was reported that he was married Julia while Sheriff of Jefferson County, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="20534421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534421" title="Hypselodoris tryoni">
Hypselodoris tryoni

Hypselodoris tryoni is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae. 
Distribution.
This species occurs in the tropical Western Pacific Ocean from Australia to the Philippines.
Description.
"Hypselodoris tryoni" has a brown body and white foot. The body and upper dorsum are covered in purple spots ringed with white or light-brown. The gills are typically translucent white or light-brown and the rhinophores are brown to dark-brown and covered in circular white lines. It has a thin blue or purple line on the mantle edge. There is some colour variation between individuals. 
"Hypselodoris tryoni" is similar in appearance to "Chromodoris kuniei" and "Chromodoris leopardus", although lacks the wide purple mantle edge line present in those species.
Sea slugs such as "Hypselodoris tyroni", are known to exhibit trailing behaviour where up to four animals will follow one another very closely, often touching. It is not known what causes this behaviour.
"Hypselodoris tryoni" reaches at least 60 mm in length.
Ecology.
Like many slugs in the family Chromodorididae, "Risbecia tyroni" feeds on sponges and have been seen feeding on sponges from the genus "Dysidea". When feeding they are sometimes accompanied by a species of shrimp, "Periclimenes imperator", in an apparent form of commensalism.

</doc>
<doc id="20534432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534432" title="Fine Food, Fine Pastries, Open 6 to 9">
Fine Food, Fine Pastries, Open 6 to 9

Fine Food, Fine Pastries, Open 6 to 9 is a 1989 American short documentary film produced by David Petersen about Sherrill's Restaurant and Bakery in Washington D.C.. It was nominated in 1989 for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20534433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534433" title="Mark Hildreth">
Mark Hildreth

Mark Hildreth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20534462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534462" title="Diego Guastavino">
Diego Guastavino

Diego Nicolás Guastavino Bentancor (born 26 July 1984 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder or striker for Querétaro in the Liga MX.
Career.
Guastavino started his career playing for Sud América. After a brief spell in Deportivo Maldonado, he emigrated to Swiss football to play for Lugano. He returned home in 2007 to River Plate, and again at Deportivo Maldonado.
He came to FC Lyn Oslo in March 2008 on recommendation by and help from Terje Liverød and Matías Almeyda.
On 4 August 2009 he moved to SK Brann.
In June 2012, he signed a new deal with Primera División de México side Queretaro F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="20534463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534463" title="Iowa Department of Education">
Iowa Department of Education

The Iowa Department of Education sets the standards for all public institutions of education and accredits private as well as public schools. It is headquartered in Des Moines.

</doc>
<doc id="20534485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534485" title="Centreville School">
Centreville School

Centreville School is a private Delaware school for children with learning disabilities. Originally founded as The Delaware Learning Center in 1974, Centreville School stresses early intervention of children with learning disabilities. The 2008 enrollment was 123 students.
Since the founding of Centreville School in 1974, the academic program has evolved from one focused on the basic academic areas with associated support in motor and language development to a program that has become involves experiences designed to maximize each student’s strengths as well as improve their areas of weakness. While the core beliefs of the school have remained unchanged the program offerings have dramatically expanded.

</doc>
<doc id="20534492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534492" title="Jean-Marc Lévy-Leblond">
Jean-Marc Lévy-Leblond

Jean-Marc Lévy-Leblond (born 1940) is a physicist and essayist.
After a doctorate in Theoretical Physics at the université d’Orsay in 1965, he was successively in charge of research at CNRS, lecturer at the université de Nice, a professor at the Paris Diderot University, and at Nice, where he taught in the departments of physics, philosophy and communication. 
Since 2001, He has been Professor Emeritus at the Université de Nice and is program director at the Collège international de philosophie.
He has published many articles on theoretical physics, mathematics and epistemology.
He founded and directs the journal "Alliage (culture, science, technique)", directs the collection "Science ouverte" at Seuil, and works more generally for the use of science in culture.

</doc>
<doc id="20534498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534498" title="William Truesdale">
William Truesdale

William Haynes Truesdale (1851–1935) was an American railroad executive primarily known as president of the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad (DL&W) at the turn of the 20th century. 
Life and career.
Truesdale entered the industry as a clerk for various railroads throughout the midwest United States. After working his way up the ranks, he was brought on as the president of the Minneapolis and St. Louis Railway in 1887. Following a brief tenure in this role, Truesdale served as the first Vice President and General Manager of the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad, a position he kept through the last decade of the 19th century.
Truesdale became president of the DL&W in March 1899, replacing an ailing Samuel Sloan. He immediately cemented his reputation as a relentless visionary by launching one of the most ambitious railroad modernization programs in American history. Until the dawn of the twentieth century, the DL&W — like most railroads dealing with adverse geography — generally followed the contours of the land when laying track. Steep climbs and long hours aboard a train remained commonplace. 
Truesdale's efforts to rebuild his 900-mile system set the standard for U.S. rail construction. Heavier bridges and track were installed to permit heavier locomotives and cars to travel over them faster. Dozens of new stations were built. Many curves were straightened. Where conditions demanded, entire stretches of track were replaced by new alignments. One example was the Lackawanna Cut-off, a stretch of fast track with no grade crossings. Built to replace the DL&W's "Old Road", this enormous construction project involved huge amounts of cut and fill through the Pequest Valley of northwest New Jersey. It shortened the route by only 11 miles, but enabled trains to travel at speeds approaching 100 miles an hour. (The Cut-off was eventually decommissioned by Conrail and abandoned in 1983. The state of New Jersey later purchased the abandoned corridor and began reconstruction in 2011 to host New Jersey Transit commuter trains.) Under Truesdale's leadership, the railroad also constructed the Nicholson Cutoff north of Scranton, including the Tunkhannock Viaduct, the largest concrete bridge and one of the largest concrete structures in the world. The Tunkhannock Viaduct is still in use.
DL&W launched its "Phoebe Snow "marketing campaign, one of the best-known in American advertising, in 1902, shortly after Truesdale became president. 
Although no biography of Truesdale has ever been written, some of his personality traits can be deduced from other sources. Photos of the DL&W president show a fastidiously dressed older gentleman with neatly cropped gray hair and moustache (later photos show Truesdale with white hair and a moustache). The operation of the Lackawanna during the Truesdale years suggests that a perfectionist visionary was at the helm of the railroad. Photos of the railroad shop buildings in Scranton from the 1910s show an impeccably kept area instead of a typically messy railyard. Railroad stations, which projected the railroad's image onto the local communities, were painted regularly and decorated with flower gardens during the warmer months. The stations with the best appearance received awards. Locomotive engineers were eligible for awards for keeping their steam locomotives clean and shining. Legend has it that Truesdale even demanded that the ballast on the right-of-way itself be neatly lined. Various photos from the era support that legend. 
Truesdale retired as DL&W president in 1925, but remained chairman of the board until 1930. The last known photo of Truesdale in an official capacity shows the 80-year-old in Hoboken, NJ, with a straw hat and cane, posing with Thomas Edison and Truesdale's successor, Mr. Davis, just before the first electric train left Hoboken, a service that Truesdale had envisioned nearly two decades earlier. Truesdale remained in full retirement rather briefly, dying in Greenwich, Connecticut, on June 2, 1935, at 84.

</doc>
<doc id="20534511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534511" title="Flash file system">
Flash file system

A flash file system is a file system designed for storing files on flash memory devices. These are becoming more prevalent as the number of mobile devices is increasing, the cost per memory size decreases, and the capacity of flash memories increases.
Overview.
While a block device layer can emulate a disk drive so that a disk file system can be used on a flash device, this is suboptimal for several reasons:
Log-structured file systems have all the desirable properties for a flash file system. Such file systems include JFFS2 and YAFFS.
Because of the particular characteristics of flash memory, it is best used with either a controller to perform wear leveling and error correction or specifically designed flash file systems, which spread writes over the media and deal with the long erase times of NAND flash blocks. The basic concept behind flash file systems is: when the flash store is to be updated, the file system will write a new copy of the changed data over to a fresh block, remap the file pointers, then erase the old block later when it has time.
In practice, flash file systems are only used for Memory Technology Devices (MTDs), which are embedded flash memories that do not have a controller. Removable flash memory cards and USB flash drives have built-in controllers to manage MTD with dedicated algorithms, like wear leveling, bad block recovery, power loss recovery, garbage collection and error correction, so use of a flash file system has limited benefit.
Origins.
The earliest flash file system, managing an array of flash as a freely writable disk, was TrueFFS by M-Systems of Israel, presented as a software product in PC-Card Expo, Santa Clara CA, July 1992 and patented in 1993.
One of the earliest flash file systems was Microsoft's FFS2, for use with MS-DOS, released in autumn 1992. FFS2 was preceded by an earlier product, called "FFS", which however fell short of being a flash file system, managing a flash array as WORM (Write Once Read Many) space rather than as a freely writable disk.
Around 1994, the PCMCIA, an industry group, approved the Flash Translation Layer (FTL) specification, based on the design of M-Systems' TrueFFS. The specification was authored and jointly proposed by M-Systems and SCM Microsystems, who also provided the first working implementations of FTL. Endorsed by Intel and other industry leaders, FTL became a popular flash file system design in non-PCMCIA media as well.
Overlayfs/Unionfs/aufs.
These are union filesystems, that allow multiple filesystems to be combined and presented to the user as a single tree. This allows the system designer to place parts of the operating system that are nominally read-only on different media to the normal read-write areas. OpenWrt is usually installed on raw flash chips without FTL. It uses overlayfs to combine a compressed read-only SquashFS with JFFS2.
Translation layers.
Then there are some subsystems often called flash file systems but are more truthfully block drivers since they do not actually have a file system interface. These include:
TrueFFS.
Despite the name, TrueFFS is not a file system at all. It does not provide a file system interface but a disk interface. TrueFFS is correctly termed a flash translation layer. True flash file system or TrueFFS is designed to run on a raw solid-state drive (most modern consumer SSDs are not raw). TrueFFS implements error correction, bad block re-mapping and wear leveling. Externally, TrueFFS presents a normal hard disk interface.
TrueFFS was created by M-Systems on well-known "DiskOnChip 2000" product line, who were acquired by Sandisk in 2006. A derivative of TrueFFS, called TFFS or TFFS-lite, is found in the VxWorks operating system, where it functions as a flash translation layer, not as a fully functional file system. A flash translation layer is used to adapt a fully functional file system to the constraints and restrictions imposed by flash memory devices.
ExtremeFFS.
ExtremeFFS is a technology being developed by SanDisk allowing for improved random write performance in flash memory compared to traditional systems such as TrueFFS. Sandisk claims that the technology improves random access speed in Solid-state drives by a factor of 100. The company plans on using ExtremeFFS in an upcoming multi-level cell implementation of NAND flash memory.

</doc>
<doc id="20534513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534513" title="Sugawara Denju Tenarai Kagami">
Sugawara Denju Tenarai Kagami

The play is set in the 9th century, and is based on the life of Heian period court noble and government official Sugawara no Michizane (referred to as Kan Shōjō in the play), who was exiled to Kyūshū when he lost favor at court and was falsely accused of conspiring to seize the throne. A fictional set of triplets named Umeōmaru, Sakuramaru, and Matsuōmaru, characters invented for the play, also play a major role, each individually proving their loyalty and service to Kan Shōjō in different scenes. The antagonist is , whose name is written with the same "kanji" as the historical Fujiwara no Tokihira.
Like most full-length five-act kabuki plays, "Sugawara Denju Tenarai Kagami" is very rarely performed in full. Instead, a selection of scenes will be chosen, or a single scene will be combined with scenes from other plays, dance dramas, or other pieces to form a day's program. The most popular, and most frequently performed, scene from this play is "Terakoya" (寺子屋, "temple school"), the third scene of Act IV. The "Yasui no Hama" (Act II, second scene) and "Kitasaga" (Act IV, second scene) scenes have only been performed in bunraku, never yet in kabuki. The "Kurumabiki" (Act III, first scene) scene is considered to be a paragon of the "aragoto" form, and of the essence of kabuki.
Plot summary.
The fullest version of "Sugawara" consists of twelve scenes in five acts. Though this was originally intended to be performed across the better part of a day, modes of performance have changed, and the full version would today take twice that long, due to the style and speed of current forms of acting.
For this reason and others, kabuki plays are almost never performed in their entirety today, and "Sugawara" is no exception. The fullest standard version of any play is called "tōshi kyōgen", which in the case of "Sugawara" consists of six of the full twelve scenes. However, again as is the case with most plays, individual scenes or elements of "Sugawara" may be performed alone as part of a day's program of other such bits and pieces.
The fundamental structure of the play is very much in keeping with that of Japanese traditional drama forms as a whole. The philosophy of "jo-ha-kyū" is employed throughout, as actions, scenes, acts, and the play as a whole begin slow ("jo"), then get faster ("ha"), and end quickly ("kyū"). Also, "Sugawara" follows the traditional five-act structure and the themes traditionally associated with particular acts. Act One begins calmly and auspiciously, including scenes at the Imperial Palace. Act Two features combat and murder. Act Three is something of a "sewamono" insertion into the "jidaimono" tale, turning away from the affairs of warriors and politics to focus on the lives of commoners. Act Four, often in other plays a "michiyuki" journey, metaphorically associated with a journey through hell, features a dramatic storm and an emotional journey for Kan Shōjō, who becomes enraged at the traitorous activities of Shihei, and kills himself, becoming a thunder god. Act Five wraps up the plot quickly and returns to themes of auspiciousness.
The following plot summary is based on the full twelve-scene version.
Act I.
The play opens as an envoy from China arrives to paint a portrait of the emperor. The emperor is sick, however, and so a stand-in needs to be chosen; Shihei volunteers himself, an indication or reflection of his own lofty goals, but at the suggestion of Kan Shōjō and the decision of the emperor, Prince Tokiyo is chosen. As Tokiyo's love, Kariya, is the adopted daughter of Kan Shōjō, Shihei sees this as favoritism, and is disturbed. The emperor also orders Kan Shōjō to pass on his secrets of calligraphy to a disciple of his choice.
The second scene features a meeting between Prince Tokiyo and Kariya, arranged by Sakuramaru. Kariya being a commoner, only adopted into the world of the imperial court, their love is taboo. When the meeting is discovered by one of Shihei's agents, the couple are forced to flee and hide, and Sakuramaru is disgraced.
Kan Shōjō passes on his secrets to Genzō, a former disciple of his who had been banished from the court after falling in love with a lady-in-waiting named Tonami. Kan Shōjō is later called before the emperor, but loses his hat, an ill omen. He is accused by Shihei of plotting, through the marriage of Kariya to Tokiyo, to seize power, and is subsequently exiled to Dazaifu. Genzō and Tonami, with the help of Umeōmaru, take Kan Shōjō's son, Kan Shūsai, with them to their small school in the provinces, in order to keep him safe from Shihei and his schemes.
Act II.
The second act takes place at the Buddhist temple Dōmyō-ji, where Kan Shōjō waits for his escort to Dazaifu, and where Kariya stays with her older sister Tatsuta. Kariya is scolded and beaten by her mother, Kakuju, who blames her affair with Prince Tokiyo for the accusations against Kan Shōjō, her father, and for his exile.
Meanwhile, Sukune Tarō and his father Haji no Hyōe, who are in service to Shihei, prepare to assassinate Kan Shōjō. The minister's escort is meant to arrive at daybreak, and so his arrival will be signaled by a rooster's crow. Tarō and Hyōe kill Tatsuta, Tarō's wife, and throw her body into a nearby pond; they hold a rooster over the corpse, and its crows, as Japanese superstition holds it would. The false escort prepared by Tarō and Hyōe to take Kan Shōjō away thus leaves with his passenger.
Kakuju, discovering her daughter's body, and realizing what has happened, attacks and stabs Tarō. The real escort then arrives for Kan Shōjō, learns that the minister already left in a different palanquin, and prepares to set off to find him. Just then, the false escort returns, having realized he had been tricked with a wooden statue of the minister; several times in this scene, Kan Shōjō demonstrates the mysterious ability to transform into, or otherwise replace himself with, a wooden statue. He emerges from the palanquin, and the false escort is arrested and Hyōe executed, before the minister leaves with the real escort, to a tearful farewell, bound for his exile in Dazaifu.
Act III.
As is standard in five-act bunraku and kabuki plays, the middle act departs from the main characters, the nobility and politics, focusing on a different set of characters, usually commoners. The third act of "Sugawara" features triplets, Umeōmaru, Sakuramaru, and Matsuōmaru, each a loyal retainer to one of the play's chief characters (Kan Shōjō, Prince Tokiyo, and Shihei, respectively). The triplets each wear a symbol on their sleeve to identify them: Ume, Sakura, and Matsu are the Japanese words for plum blossom, cherry blossom, and pine respectively. They are also distinguished by their makeup and acting style. Sakuramaru is a romantic and gentle type, in the "wagoto" fashion, Umeōmaru is a hero in "aragoto" style, with bright red face makeup, and Matsuōmaru is a villain, his face painted with blue lines.
The scene opens as Umeōmaru and Sakuramaru try to stop Shihei's carriage, and are confronted by Matsuōmaru, a member of the entourage. As the pair begin to unlash the oxen and tear apart the carriage, Shihei emerges, his blue face makeup marking him as a villain. He glares at them malevolently, halting their attack.
In the second scene, the triplets travel to the home of their father, Kan Shōjō's aged retainer Shiradayū, in Sata Village, for the festive celebration of his 70th birthday. The three soon begin fighting but, with no swords at hand, attack one another with bales of hay. Though only fighting with hay and other common objects, the fight scene is executed in the same style and manner as the greatest of "aragoto" fight scenes. In the course of the fight, a branch from Kan Shōjō's favorite cherry tree ("sakura") is snapped off. Shiradayū notices this, and points it out as an omen, representing Sakuramaru's responsibility for Kan Shōjō's downfall, as he was the one who helped bring Tokiyo and Kariya together. Kan Shōjō arrives and, together with Shiradayū, chastise Matsuōmaru and banish him from their service; Sakuramaru then emerges and announces his decision to commit ritual suicide, in order to atone for his wrongdoing. Shiradayū strikes a bell as his son dies.
Act IV.
The first scene of Act IV takes place at Kan Shōjō's mansion in Dazaifu, where he has been exiled. He reminisces about his favorite plum tree ("ume"), which suddenly appears there before him, having uprooted itself and flown to Dazaifu from the capital. Kan Shōjō and Shiradayū are admiring the blossoms when Umeōmaru arrives with a captive: Washizuka Heima, a minion of Shihei's.
Heima, tied up with rope, reveals Shihei's plot to seize power, describing each detail and he bemoans his fate, having failed in his mission to kill Kan Shōjō, and having been captured. Hearing of Shihei's treachery, Kan Shōjō becomes enraged, breaking off a branch from the plum tree and striking off Heima's head with it, as if it were a sword. He asks Shiradayū and Umeōmaru to hurry to the capital, to warn the emperor of Shihei's plans. Knowing that he cannot return to the capital himself, at least not in body, having been formally exiled, he vows to return as an angry spirit. To that end, he vows to journey to the summit of Mount Tenpai, where he will engage in austere disciplines, swear oaths to the gods, and become a ghostly lord of thunders. As he speaks, a storm rises up. His retainers grasp at his sleeves and try to stop him, but he throws them off, and flies off into the sky, already beginning to transform into a thunder spirit.
The third scene of Act IV, "Terakoya" ("Temple School") is among the most popular, and most frequently performed, scenes in the play. It takes place at the provincial school run by Genzō and Tonami, where they are watching over the young Kan Shūsai. Shihei suspects that this is where the minister's son is being hidden, and sends Matsuōmaru there to kill the boy and return with his head; among all of Shihei's retainers, only Matsuōmaru is trusted to identify the boy's head. In this scene, Matsuōmaru is dressed in a dark kimono with snow and pine motifs, his hair wild and busy, a sign of the tragedy which is to come, and of the illness which he claims in order to quit Shihei's service.
Seeking to atone for his past wrongdoings, Matsuōmaru plots to save Kan Shūsai's life, at the cost of that of his own son, Kotarō. He sends Kotarō to the school, where Genzō and Tonami decide he is the only one at the school whose head could pass for Kan Shūsai's. This scene is a classic example of the conflict between "giri" (honor, fealty) and "ninjō" (human compassion), as Genzō and Tonami sacrifice an innocent boy to save their master's son. When the sound of Genzō's sword striking off Kotarō's head is heard from offstage, Matsuōmaru strikes a distinctive "Matsuō mie" pose, expressing his suppressed anguish. He then departs with the head in a box, to identify it for Shihei as Kan Shūsai's head, pretending to have done the deed and thus saving Kan Shūsai's life.
Matsuōmaru's wife, Chiyo, arrives at the school to pick up her son, and Genzō and Tonami fear for a moment that they may have to kill her too, rather than reveal their deception. But Matsuōmaru himself arrives, and explains to all involved that the boy killed was his own son, and that he did this intentionally, in order to make up for his past transgressions against Kan Shōjō and the Court, and his involvement in Shihei's schemes.
Act V.
The single scene of Act V is only rarely performed in bunraku, and never in kabuki. It takes place in the Imperial Palace in Kyoto where a storm rages. In the aftermath of Kan Shōjō's death, discussions are held regarding the succession of Kan Shūsai, his son, to the head of the Sugawara clan. Though the clan is currently in disgrace, Prince Tokiyo argues that the storm must be caused by Kan Shōjō's angry spirit, and that acknowledging his innocence and restoring the honor of his family by making Shūsai its head would appease him.
Shihei grabs Kan Shūsai, threatening to kill him, and declaring that nothing, not even a thunder god, will stand in the way of him overthrowing the emperor and seizing power for himself. Bolts of lightning slay his minions, as Shihei stands firm. The young Kan Shūsai slips away as the ghosts of Sakuramaru and his wife appear, and attack Shihei. The Buddhist priest Hosshō rubs his rosaries and chants prayers to drive the ghosts off, but stops when he learns of Shihei's evil schemes. The ghosts attack Shihei once again, with "sakura" branches, and kill him. The storm dispels and the ghosts depart.
The play ends with the priest Hosshō declaring Kan Shūsai the successor to the Sugawara house, and the posthumous conferral upon Kan Shōjō of the Senior First Court Rank. He declares that a shrine should be constructed at Kitano to honor the minister, who shall now be worshipped as a god ("kami") of scholarship.

</doc>
<doc id="20534515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534515" title="Charles James Barnett">
Charles James Barnett

Charles James Barnett (31 October 1796–31 December 1882) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1820 to 1837 and a Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1831 to 1835.
Barnett was born in Kensington, London the son of James Barnett, a banker and politician, and his wife Ann.
Mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), Barnett made 29 known appearances in first-class matches. He represented the Gentlemen in the Gentlemen v Players series.
In 1825, Barnett became the first (i.e., the first known) president of MCC. This is an annual appointment and he was succeeded by Lord Frederick Beauclerk for 1826. There may have been earlier presidents but there is no record of them and it was on 28 July 1825 that the Lord's pavilion was burned down with the loss of all club records.
Barnett was elected Whig Member of Parliament (MP) for Maidstone in 1831 and held the seat until 1835.
Barnet was a J.P. and Deputy Lieutenant and in 1881 was living 
in Brighton. He died at Brighton at the age of 86. 
Barnett married Sabine Louisa Curtis daughter of Sir William Curtis Bt at Marylebone on 29 June 1839.

</doc>
<doc id="20534529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534529" title="List of rivers of Aruba">
List of rivers of Aruba

This is a list of rivers of Aruba.

</doc>
<doc id="20534536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534536" title="Boornzwaag">
Boornzwaag

Prior to the municipal reorganization in 1984, it was in the municipality of Doniawerstal. A canal called Scharsterrijn lies to the north east of the village. A small ferry takes pedestrians and cyclists across the Scharsterrijn. There is a marina. To the south is a canal estate called De Woudfennen bungalowpark. At the furthest south end is the Scharsterrijn caravanpark, which is mostly full of cabins.
History.
Over the centuries the Langweerder Wielen has gradually eroded the village. In 1693 the church was demolished, and was followed by the bell stand (clokkenstoel).
Windmill.
The Sweachmermolen was built in 1782. It is located on the west side of Boornzwaag approaching Langmeer. The original owner was the grietman Frans Julius Johan van Eijsinga. It is a "Achtkante bovenkruier" which means it has an eight sided rotating top on a fixed base. Its function was as a cornmill and water pump. Its polder function was replaced by an electric pump in 1925. After this it was disused. In 1949 a group called "Stichting tot instandhouding van de Langweerder molen" (Foundation for the Conservation of Langweerder mill) was formed.
Streets.
Aldewei, Boarnsweachsterdyk, Horsewei, Houtfeartwei, Mûzekamp, Pontdyk, Rodenburgwei, Skarsterleane, Wielenleane.

</doc>
<doc id="20534542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534542" title="Broek, Friesland">
Broek, Friesland


</doc>
<doc id="20534559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534559" title="Dijken">
Dijken


</doc>
<doc id="20534586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534586" title="Findlay Group">
Findlay Group

The Findlay Group is a group of islands in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut. This Arctic Ocean group consists of Lougheed Island, Stupart Island, Edmund Walker Island, Grosvenor Island and Patterson Island.

</doc>
<doc id="20534602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534602" title="Jim Deidel">
Jim Deidel

James Lawrence Deidel (born June 6, 1949 in Denver, Colorado) is a former Major League Baseball catcher. He bats and throws right-handed.
Deidel was drafted by the New York Yankees in the 15th round of the 1967 Major League Baseball Draft. He played only in with the Yankees. He had two at-bats, in two games, going 0-2. 
Deidel attended Mullen High School in Denver where he lettered in several sports and Colorado State University in Fort Collins. He had football scholarship offers to several major college programs as a quarterback but opted to accept the Yankee's signing bonus and pursue a professional baseball career instead.
In addition to his brief stint with the New York Yankees as a backup catcher to Thurman Munson, Deidel played nine years in the Yankee's farm system including seasons at Johnson City, TN, Oneonta, NY, Kinston, NC, and West Haven, CT. He ended his career in the mid-1970s after several seasons in the AAA International League at Syracuse, New York. He played under legendary manager, Bobby Cox at West Haven and Syracuse.

</doc>
<doc id="20534604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534604" title="Andrés Duarte">
Andrés Duarte

Andrés Duarte Villamayor (born 4 February 1972 in Asunción) is a retired Paraguayan footballer. A defender, he was a member of the Paraguayan national team, competing at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.
Duarte played for Cerro Porteño and River Plate in Paraguay and Argentinos Juniors and Ferro Carril Oeste in Argentina.
International.
Duarte made his international debut for the Paraguay national football team on 3 March 1993 in a friendly match against Bolivia (1-0 win). He obtained a total number of seven international caps, scoring no goals for the national side.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20534611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534611" title="Davy Claude Angan">
Davy Claude Angan

Davy Claude Angan N'Guessan (born September 20, 1987) is an Ivorian footballer who plays as a striker for Chinese Super League club Hangzhou Greentown.
Career.
Born in Abidjan, he played for Entente Sportive de Bingerville before his transfer to Lyn Oslo in 2008. He signed for Hønefoss BK in 2010.
January 12, 2011, he transferred to Molde FK, and became Ole Gunnar Solskjær's second signing for the club. The transfer fee is estimated to be around 4,000,000 NOK.
Angan was sold to Chinese Super League club Hangzhou Greentown on 26 January 2013 for 12,000,000 NOK.
Honours.
Club

</doc>
<doc id="20534615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534615" title="Glen Clark (baseball)">
Glen Clark (baseball)

Glen Ester Clark (born March 7, 1941) is a former pinch hitter in Major League Baseball who played for the Atlanta Braves during the season. Listed at , 190 lb., Clark was a switch-hitter and threw right-handed. He was born in Austin, Texas.
Little is known about this player on a Braves uniform. Clark was 26 years old when he entered the majors in 1967 with Atlanta, being limited to pinch-hitting duties. He appeared in four games and was hitless in four at-bats.

</doc>
<doc id="20534622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534622" title="Blink. (band)">
Blink. (band)

blink. is a jazz fusion band from Chicago, Illinois. It was formed in 2006 when most of the original songs were written by the band's four members. Headed by bassist Jeff Greene, the band's prime motivation lies in the furtherance and expansion of fusion jazz. The full line up of the band consists of Jeff Greene: acoustic and electric basses, samples, harmonium; Quin Kirchner: drums, cymbals, percussion, glockenspiel; Dave Miller: electric guitar, sound effects; Greg Ward: alto sax. They have toured extensively across five continents, including North America, Asia, Europe, Africa, and South America. The band's compositions, which included free jazz and sound effects, have been commissioned and performed by the International Contemporary Ensemble.
First studio album.
blink. released their first studio album, entitled "The Epidemic of Ideas", on August 26, 2008. According to data gathered by "Chart", the album was played frequently on jazz radio stations in the United States from September to November 2008. The album was the sixth most played jazz album on KSPC for the week of October 27, 2008, and the eight most played on CFRU-FM for the week of October 7, 2008. "The Epidemic Of Ideas" received the tenth most airplay of any jazz album on CJSW for the week ending October 6, 2008.
The album received positive reviews from music critics. Manny Theiner of the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" gave the album a "Very good" 3.5/4 rating, and commented: ""The Epidemic of Ideas" is an appropriate title for Blink's debut CD, as the exploration of forms, textures and motifs is almost never-ending. Successful tracks range from jazz-funk-rock 'Secret Weapon Part I', where guitarist Dave Miller blisters the fretboard Marc Ribot-style, to the glitchy, laptoppy electronics permeating 'Sources', from the off-kilter, odd-timed Miller guitar runs and Quin Kircher's percussion clatter on 'Displacement', to the comparatively meditative, gamelan-like feel of 'Glass'." Allmusic wrote in their review: "album contains rather provocative investigations of vanguard jazz as it interacts with electronics, mutant funk, and even post-rock. Greene's compositions are rooted in space and edgy drama, and have wide-open spaces for various kinds of improvisations; rarely does one player occupy the solo space without another (or even two) engaging him directly." The album also received positive reviews from All About Jazz and "The Phoenix"'s John Garelick, who gave the album a 3/4 rating and said, "Aside from the general aggressive, post-rock, post-jazz underground feel, there’s pretty tunes here, lots of slow, quiet parts, bebop flow, and even some walking bass. Another way to hear jazz."

</doc>
<doc id="20534639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534639" title="Stupart Island">
Stupart Island

Stupart Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada. It lies in the Arctic Ocean, south-east of Lougheed Island and west of Edmund Walker Island. It is part of the Findlay Group.

</doc>
<doc id="20534646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534646" title="Legemeer">
Legemeer


</doc>
<doc id="20534666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534666" title="Oslo Package 2">
Oslo Package 2

The Oslo Package 2 () or O2 is a political agreement for financing investments in public transport in Oslo and Akershus, Norway. The program runs from 2001 to 2011, and includes many large and small investments in railways, the Oslo Tramway, the Oslo Metro and infrastructure for buses. Total budget is . The project is a cooperation between the transit authorities Oslo Sporveier and Stor-Oslo Lokaltrafikk, Oslo Municipality and Akershus County Municipality, and the government agencies of the Norwegian National Rail Administration and the Norwegian Public Roads Administration.
Large infrastructure projects include the Ring Line of the metro, along with new MX3000 rolling stock, and the new Asker- and Follo Lines of the national railways. Other projects include new train and bus stations, bus lanes and an upgrade of the Kolsås Line of the T-bane to metro standard. The project is a continuation of Oslo Package 1, that focuses on building motorways around Oslo. It will be supplemented by Oslo Package 3 that has both road and rail infrastructure in it.
History.
The first Oslo Package was initiated in 1986, when the politicians in Oslo and Akershus decided to use NOK 11 billion in road toll money to build a motorway network around the city. The company Fjellinjen was established to collect the money. 20% of the money in the first package went to public transport. In 1996 an initiative was started to create a similar project to finance infrastructure investments for public transport. The package was passed by the Oslo City Council and the Akershus County Council in 2001, and lasts until 2011.
In 2006, the Office of the Auditor General in a report criticized Oslo Package 2 for not being able to focus on increased public transport efficiency and sustainability, and also criticized lack of cooperation between the many participants, who failed to find an optimal portfolio of investments.
Financing.
The package was created to increase financing for public transport. Sources include a range of public and private funds, including redistribution along existing budgets. In addition to disposition of local and state funding, the package increased the road tolls by NOK 2 per car passing, and NOK 0.75 per passenger on all public transport in Oslo and Akershus. Table values in NOK billion:

</doc>
<doc id="20534668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534668" title="Ernestine Wade">
Ernestine Wade

Ernestine Wade (August 7, 1906 – April 15, 1983) was an African American actress who is best known for playing the role of Sapphire Stevens on the radio and television program "Amos 'n Andy".
Career.
Born in Jackson, Mississippi, Wade was trained as a singer and organist. Her family had a strong connection to the theater. Her mother, Hazel Wade, worked in vaudeville as a performer, while her maternal grandmother, Mrs. Johnson, worked for the Lincoln Theater in Baltimore, Maryland. 
Ernestine grew up in Los Angeles and started her acting career at age four. In 1935, Ernestine was a member of the Four Hot Chocolates singing group. She appeared in bit parts in films and did the voice performance of a butterfly in the 1946 Walt Disney production "Song of the South". Wade was a member of the choir organized by actress-singer Anne Brown for the filming of the George Gershwin biographical film "Rhapsody in Blue" and appeared in the film as one of the "Catfish Row" residents. She enjoyed the highest level of prominence on "Amos 'n Andy" by playing the shrewish, demanding and manipulative wife of George “Kingfish” Stevens. Wade, Johnny Lee, and Lillian Randolph were the only cast members of the radio version of "Amos 'n Andy" to star in the television version.
Ernestine began playing Sapphire Stevens in 1939, but originally came to the "Amos 'n' Andy" radio show in the role of Valada Green, a lady who believed she had married Andy. In her interview which is part of the documentary "Amos 'n' Andy: Anatomy of a Controversy", Wade related how she got the job with the radio show. Initially there for a singing role, she was asked if she could "do lines". When the answer was yes, she was first asked to say "I do" and then to scream; the scream got her the role of Valada Green. Ernestine also played the radio roles of The Widow Armbruster, Sara Fletcher, and Mrs. Van Porter.
In a 1979 interview, Ernestine related that she would often be stopped by strangers who recognized her from the television show, saying, "I know who you are and I want to ask you, is that your real husband?" At her home, she had framed signed photos from the members of the "Amos 'n' Andy" television show cast. Tim Moore, her TV husband, wrote the following on his, "My Best Wishes To My Darling Battle ax From The Kingfish
Tim Moore".
Wade defended her character against criticism of being a negative stereotype of African American women. In a 1973 interview, she stated, “I know there were those who were offended by it, but I still have people stop me on the street to tell me how much they enjoyed it. And many of those people are black members of the NAACP.” The documentary "Amos 'n' Andy: Anatomy of a Controversy" covered the history of the radio and television shows as well as interviews with surviving cast members. Ernestine was among them, and she continued her defense of the show and those with roles in it. She believed that the roles she and her colleagues played made it possible for African-American actors who came later to be cast in a wider variety of roles. She also considered the early typecast roles, where women were most often cast as maids, not to be damaging, seeing them in the sense of someone being either given the role of the hero or the part of the villain.
In later years, she continued as an actress, doing more voice work for radio and cartoons. After "Amos 'n' Andy", Wade did voice work in television and radio commercials. Ernestine also did office work and played the organ.
She also appeared on an episode of "Family Affair" as a maid working for a stage actress played by Joan Blondell.
Death.
Ernestine Wade is buried in Angelus-Rosedale Cemetery in Los Angeles, California. Since she had no headstone, the West Adams Heritage Association marked her grave with a plaque.

</doc>
<doc id="20534689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534689" title="Velocette Venom">
Velocette Venom

The Velocette Venom is a single-cylinder four-stroke British motorcycle of 499 cc made by Velocette at Hall Green in Birmingham. A total of 5,721 models were produced between 1955 and 1970. In 1961 a production Velocette Venom set the 24-hour world record at a speed of . It was the first motorcycle of any size to achieve an average speed of over 100 mph for 24 hours, and to this date no other motorcycle of the same capacity has been able to equal this world record. 
In 1965, the Velocette Venom was further developed by Velocette designer Bertie Goodman to create the Velocette Thruxton, with a race specification cylinder head that was gas flowed by hand to accommodate extra-large valves and a downdraught inlet port. It was a very popular and successful clubman racer, but although it had more power than the Venom, the Thruxton could not save Velocette. Poor sales forced the company into voluntarily liquidation in 1971, with all the remaining stock and tools sold off to pay creditors.
Development.
Introduced in November 1955 and launched at the same time as the 349 cc Velocette Viper, the single-cylinder "Venom" was developed from the Velocette MSS and needed to compete against a new range of British twin-cylinder motorcycles. Conceived by Velocette’s Eugene Goodman and designed by Charles Udall, the Venom's 499 cc engine had a bi-metal cylinder with a cast-iron liner, high compression piston and a light alloy cylinder head. The design of the engine's high cam with short push-rods was simpler to produce than an OHC engine. The Venom had high quality chrome plating and was finished in black paintwork with gold pinstriping. The Venom was also ahead of its time in being one of the first to have glass fibre–enclosure panels from 1960. These panels proved unpopular with the traditional buyers of Velocette singles, as they extended from the front of the engine, level with the top of the crankcase, to the rear pillion footrests. 
An unusual feature of the Venom design is that the clutch was between the gearbox and gearbox sprocket rather than the conventional configuration in the primary chain case on the far left, with the gearbox sprocket between the clutch and the gearbox. This made the clutch less accessible but allowed for easy gearing changes and a range of sprockets with different numbers of teeth could be fitted by removing the sprocket cover. The gearbox was also a novel Velocette design with a constant mesh close ratio unit that could be maintained relatively easily while still in place.
Simply designed with single top and down tubes, the Venom's heavy brazed-lug frame (which had clear origins in bicycle manufacture) was well proven for its handling capability. At the rear was an unusual swinging arm design with two arms in place of the traditional two prong fork. Although this was effective, it was complicated to set up the alignment. The rear shock absorbers were originally made by Woodhead Monroe, then replaced by Armstrong units and eventually Girling shocks. These could easily be adjusted to suit the rider's preference by moving them in special curved slots. The front telescopic forks (designed by Velocette and manufactured in-house) had hydraulic damping and an offset wheel spindle. 
The Velocette Venom used Miller electrics up to 1962, with a belt-driven dynamo. After 1962 this was upgraded to a Lucas system. The speedometer, ammeter and light switch on the original Venoms were fitted into a steel headlamp nacelle; the optional rev counter had to go on a bracket. Later models with Thruxton forks had conventional headlamp brackets and separate instruments.
Eventually becoming the best selling 'flagship' of the Velocette motorcycle range, the Venom is now highly sought after as a definitive example of a British sports four-stroke single.
Venom Scrambler.
In December 1958,
the Velocette development team built Venom off-road motorcycles, which were sent to the United States for evaluation in enduro events. Built to the Viper Clubman standard and advertised with the slogan "A winner in every respect", the Scrambler had a specially lightened frame, light alloy mudguards and high-level enduro-style exhaust pipes. A special off-road Venom was named the Endurance. Fitted with the Venom engine, it had a 21-inch front wheel, high handlebars and a small fuel tank, as well as full lighting so that it could be legally used on the roads.
Venom Clubman.
From 1960, Velocette produced the Venom (and the Viper) in a Clubman racing version, fitted with TT Amal carburettors, a manually controlled BTH racing magneto (in place of the Lucas unit) and a close-ratio gearbox, with the compression ratio raised to 9.3 to 1. The Venom Clubman dispensed with the glass fibre enclosure and instead made a feature of highly polished crankcase and gearbox castings. Supplied with "rearset" controls, lowered handlebars and a steering damper, the Clubman also had a range of optional accessories including a "megaphone" exhaust silencer, a rev counter and light alloy wheel rims. Although they could be difficult to start – an entire section in the owners handbook was dedicated to starting technique – experienced Clubman riders found them easy to maintain and fast, as the Venom Clubman could achieve over 100 mph. In 1966 the Venom was upgraded to the Mk II, which had the Thruxton front forks fitted with rubber gaiters, a twin leading shoe front brake and narrowed mudguards, combined with a new exhaust design giving it a more modern sports motorcycle look.
Velocette Venom Thruxton.
In 1965, the well-proven Venom was improved by Velocette designer Bertie Goodman with a special race kit complete with radically revised cylinder head, an Amal Grand Prix carburetor and reworked cam followers. The following year this went into production as the Velocette Thruxton. Also known as the Venom Thruxton, this aimed to fill the gap left by the demise of the BSA Gold Star and was named after the Thruxton Circuit race track on a former wartime airfield in Hampshire. The Velocette Thruxton was a true racer, with a full race specification cylinder head that was gas flowed by hand to accommodate extra-large valves and a downdraught inlet port. The Amal carburetor was so large it required a distinctive cutaway in the bottom of the fuel tank, and race cams boosted performance to up to . As well as the traditional black-with-gold-lining finish, the Velocette Thruxton was also produced with an unusual blue frame, forks and seat and silver petrol tank with gold lining. In 1968 the Lucas magneto was phased out, and Velocette replaced it with coil ignition. A total of 1108 Thruxtons were built, but although it had more power than the Venom the Thruxton could not save Velocette. The company was wound up in 1968, and remaining stock sold until mid-1970. The Thruxton has gone on to become one of the most sought-after Velocette motorcycles today, however, and many private owners convert standard Venom models to the more valuable Thruxton specification.
24-hour world record.
On 18 March 1961 a production Velocette Venom Clubman set the 24-hour world record at an average speed of . It was the first motorcycle of any size to top the 100 mph in 24 hours, and to this date no other machine of the same capacity has been able to equal or improve on this record. The record attempt took place at the Montlhery speed bowl, a concrete track just outside Paris with a very uneven road surface and poor track lighting. A team of six French riders were accompanied by "Motor Cycling" journalist Bruce Main-Smith, who achieved the best lap time of 107 mph despite the poor lighting conditions. After securing the 12-hour record at more than , the team went on to complete the 24-hour endurance record attempt. Stopping only to change riders and refuel (from a bucket using a funnel), the Venom secured the world record. The publicity was very important for Velocette, as the success revived sales of the Venom, which went on to become one of Velocette's best-selling motorcycles. The Venom which set the 24-hour world record is now on display at the British National Motorcycle Museum.
Racing success.
A Thruxton version of the Velocette Venom ridden by Dave Dixon and Joe Dunphy won the Thruxton 500 endurance race. (In 1965 the race was actually held at another disused airfield, the Castle Combe Circuit). In 1967 two Velocette Venom Thruxton motorcycles, ridden by Neil Kelly and Keith Heckles gained first and second places in the Production TT that was first staged at the Isle of Man that year; Kelly also recorded the fastest lap at 91 mph. Prepared by London Velocette dealer Reg Orpin, the winning motorcycle was far from standard, for as well as being in Thruxton trim, the valve gear included titanium tips to the pushrods and valve caps. A Norton Manx piston had been specially engineered at Velocette's Hall Green Workshops, and it had cam followers on needle rollers as well as light alloy timing wheels. It was nearly all for nothing, however, as Kelly failed to start and the rest of the field left him struggling to kick start the Venom. Orpin managed to start it just in time, and despite his poor start, Neil Kelly caught up with the other riders within three miles and went on to win the 500 cc class, recording 121 mph as he passed the Highlander speed trap.

</doc>
<doc id="20534697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534697" title="Greensburg Athletic Association">
Greensburg Athletic Association

The Greensburg Athletic Association was an early organized football team, based in Greensburg, Pennsylvania, that played from 1890 until 1900. At times referred to as the Greensburg Athletic Club, the team began as an amateur football club in 1890 and was composed primarily of locals before several professional players were added for the 1895 season. In 1894 it was discovered that the team had secretly paid formerly Indiana Normal (now Indiana University of Pennsylvania) player, Lawson Fiscus, to play football and retained his services on salary. The team was the chief rival of another early professional football team, the Latrobe Athletic Association.
Aside from Fiscus, the Greensburg Athletic Association included several of the era's top players, such as: Charlie Atherton, George Barclay, Ross Fiscus, Jack Gass, Arthur McFarland, Charles Rinehart, Isaac Seneca and Adam Martin Wyant. Several of these players revolutionized the game during their playing careers. Charlie Atherton is credited with inventing the place kick, and George Barclay invented the first-ever football helmet. Meanwhile Isaac Seneca became the first Native-American to earn All-American honors and Adam Martin Wyant was the first professional football player to become a United States Congressman.
The team's home games were played at Athletic Park (which was later renamed Offutt Field). The field is still in use as football field by Greensburg Salem High School and, up until 1993, Greensburg Central Catholic High School.
History.
Amateur era.
The first four years of Greensburg Athletic Association football that began with the 1890 season, through 1893, were not particularly successful. The drawbacks included a lack of local opponents, rivalries which did not develop until later as well as a lack of local experienced players. It is not even known if the club recorded a win prior to 1894.
The Greensburg Athletic Association kicked off its inaugural season in 1890. Their first game resulted in 6–6 tie against Indiana Normal (IUP), while losing their first-ever home game to the Kiskiminetas Springs School (Kiski Prep), 34–4. A group of college students, which of whom returned home to Greensburg for Thanksgiving vacation, played for the team for a game against an unknown Pittsburgh club to close out the season. However the team, filled with supplement players, lost to the Pittsburgh club by a narrow margin. During the 1891 season, the club suffered from at least two known losses against two of the two top football athletic clubs in Pittsburgh: the Pittsburgh Athletic Club and the Allegheny Athletic Association. Meanwhile, the result of an earlier game against Indiana Normal remains unknown. Meanwhile the surviving records of the club's 1892 campaign show only two games being played, resulting in two losses against Western University of Pennsylvania (today the University of Pittsburgh), 6-2, and the Pittsburgh Athletic Club, 28-0.
In 1893, Greensburg placed a higher emphasis on its football program. The results of three of the four games from that season remain unknown. The team's fourth game, against the Pittsburgh Athletic Club, resulted in 10–0 loss.
Glory years.
1894.
In 1894 Greensburg hired its first professional player, Lawson Fiscus, for $20 a game plus expenses. While Fiscus did play for Greensburg as an amateur in 1893, he was actively recruited by several other teams as professionalism in football begain to take hold. Fiscus played informal football at Indiana Normal, even before it even fielded a school team. He has also played at halfback for the Allegheny Athletic Association as well as for Princeton University.
During the 1894 season, Greensburg jumped out to a 5-0 record, before losing 10-0 against the Altoona Athletic Club. A week later, a game against the Jeannette Athletic Club, ended at halftime due to disagreement between the two teams. The disagreement regarded the tough play of Greensburg's Lawson Fiscus, who was accused of kicking or stepping on the face of one of the Jeannette players, during the game. A rematch between Greensburg and Altoona was held on Thanksgiving Day. This time though, Greensburg defeated Altoona, 6-4 in front of about 2,500 fans. During this era, please note that a touchdown accounted for four points and the “goal after” for two. Greensburg finished a highly successful season with a record of 6-1-1 and led to an increased interest in football throughout Western Pennsylvania. Fans now turned out in large numbers for games, and even accompanied the team by train to road games. And while Fiscus was the only paid player on the 1894 team, several other pros joined him in 1895.
1895.
Greensburg's 1895 season opened and closed with games against the Latrobe Athletic Association, from nearby Latrobe, which served as Greensburg's chief rival. The Latrobe team had an impressive squad led by John Brallier who became the first football player to admit to being a paid professional. Greensburg won the opening game 25–0 to start the season 2–0. However problems arose when Lawson, and two former Penn State University players, Charlie Atherton (who was also the team's coach), and Ed Robison, turned down Greensburg's offer of $125 a month each to play for the upstart Duquesne Country and Athletic Club, located in Pittsburgh. However the community raised some extra money to give the players a better offer than Duquesne. As a result, all three players stayed with Greensburg. After a 6–0 start the team tied the Pittsburgh Athletic Club 0–0 at Exposition Park.
The following week, Greensburg was defeated by the Duquesne Country and Athletic Club in Pittsburgh, 14-0, in what was seen as a controversial game. A local resident with ties to Duquesne was substituted for the scheduled official. This resulted in what the "Greensburg Daily Tribune" called bad officiating and “thievery”. A touchdown was said to have been scored by Duquesne after time was called, along with rough play. However Greensburg soon recovered and finished their season with a 9-1-1 record. However the score and the outcome of Greensburg's final game against Latrobe is disputed by historians. While Greensburg and Latrobe records both indicate a 4-0 Greensburg win, one Pittsburgh newspaper reported the game ended in 4-0 Latrobe victory.
1896.
For 1896, Alfred Sigman of Lafayette College became the team's fullback and coach, and two more Fiscus brothers, Ross and Newill, were added to the team. Greensburg began their season 5–0, which included wins over the Pittsburgh Athletic Club and Latrobe. The team was acclaimed by Pittsburgh papers at mid-season as being the best in Pennsylvania. During a game against a squad from Beaver Falls, Greensburg's Tom Donohoe ran 44 yards with an intercepted pass. Pass was probably a lateral, since the forward pass was not legal until 1906.
On October 17, Greensburg defeated the Pittsburgh Athletic Club for the very first time, posting a 14-0 win at home. All three of the game's touchdowns were scored by Lawson Fiscus. On October 31, Greensburg defeated Latrobe, 10-4. In the stands there was considerable betting over whether Latrobe would score or not. Late in game Latrobe's Doggie Trenchard scored a touchdown, led to a Latrobe newspaper stating that “Greensburg got the game and Latrobe got the cash.”
However Greensburg's hopes of winning a state championship were dashed when the club was finally defeated by the Duquesne Country and Athletic Club in Pittsburgh, 18-4, on November 14. The game was followed by a scoreless tie with Pittsburgh Athletic Club. Greensburg did recover from their road trip to post a 10-0 win over Latrobe on Thanksgiving Day to end the season 6-1-1.
1897.
The 1897 season marked the pinnacle of the professional football era in Greensburg. That year's squad had 27 players, which included a number of new ones. Among those players was George Barclay, of Millville, who played a halfback at Bucknell University and Lafayette University. Barclay brought several of Lafayette top players with him to Greensburg to enhance the team. Greensburg went on to post a 10-1 record. The team's only defeat came at a 12–6 loss in the ninth game to Latrobe. However the outcome of that game was reversed by a 6–0 score in a season-ending rematch at Latrobe. Greensburg, along with Washington and Jefferson College, had the best football records in Pennsylvania for the 1897 season. Barclay, however, was the only Greensburg player among the eleven named by the "Pittsburgh Times" to their “All-Western Pennsylvania” team.
Decline.
The start of the 1898 season saw optimism in Greensburg with the return of ex-coach Charlie Atherton. However, some of the players from the 1897 season had bigger offers to play elsewhere and left the team. Replacing these players proved hard since the amount of money, to lure new talent to Greensburg, was hard to come by in a small city. However as early as 1898, the team featured Christy Mathewson, a future baseball hall of famer and former fullback from Bucknell University, in their line-up.
Greensburg's first game that season was against, their rivials, Latrobe. The game was played on a field, so muddy that the game had to be delayed at one point so that mud could be removed from the eyes, nose, mouth and ears of Latrobe’s Ed Abbaticchio, who was buried in the mud on one of his carries. Latrobe went on to win the game 6-0 (4-0 by other accounts). The 1898 season would go on to be marred with another loss to Latrobe, and ties against Duquesne Country and Athletic Club and the Pittsburgh Athletic Club. However the team later turned things around to finish the season strong. In the final game of the season, Greensburg beat rival Latrobe 6-0 at Latrobe. According to the "Greensburg Daily Tribune", the end of the game was marred by stoning and spitting on Greensburg players and fans, “boorish conduct by ruffians,” resulting in one player being injured when he was hit on the head by a rock.
At the end of the season, against their club's wishes, Greensburg's Charles Rinehart and George Barclay played in the very first pro football all-star game for the 1898 Western Pennsylvania All-Star football team, against the Duquesne Country and Athletic Club, on December 3, 1898. The all-star team was put together by Latrobe manager, Dave Berry and resulted in 16-0 Duquesne win. For reasons that are still unclear, Greensburg leaders opposed the game and did their best to discourage their players from taking part. 
After an apparent decline in financial resources and interest, professional football in Greensburg and Latrobe underwent a one-year hiatus in 1899. Some efforts were made to reorganize a team around a core of local members of the 1898 squad, which would have to be shored up by obtaining some Latrobe players. However this effort never materialized. When the 1899 season began, most of the top Greensburg players of the year before were playing for either Greensburg's rivals in Pittsburgh or for other teams as far away as Newark, New Jersey. As result of not having a Greensburg or Latrobe team in 1899, the football clubs from Pittsburgh completed their schedules by playing teams mainly from eastern Pennsylvania. 
Final season.
In 1900, plans were complete for the return of professional football to Greensburg. Under the direction of industrialist Morris L. Painter, Greensburg once again fielded a team. Many of the players were from eastern and midwestern colleges and universities. The top sought player for the 1900 season, Ralph Hutchinson of Princeton, signed with Greensburg as a player-coach. Meanwhile Isaac Seneca, a former All-American from the Carlisle Indian School, was also signed to the team. Also that year, Latrobe's team was reorganized by the team's long-time manager, Dave Berry. Soon a three-game series had been arranged between Latrobe and Greensburg which provided for a home-and-home series, with a third game at the site which drew the largest crowd.
Greensburg began the season 2-1-1, before losing 6-5 to the Homestead Library & Athletic Club, a Pittsburgh-area team financed heavily by the Carnegie Steel Company. Newspapers in Greensburg called it “the greatest contest ever witnessed on the Greensburg gridiron”. The game also featured a match-up between two of the era's star players: Homestead's Art Poe and Greensburg's Issac Seneca. Greensburg newspaper accounts of the day state that Seneca outplayed Poe. However the Greensburg club did sustain several key injuries during the game. 
By this time Greensburg was unable to regain its footing. A loss at home, this time to Latrobe, was sustained a week later on October 27. This marked Greensburg's third straight loss. During the game a fight between Seneca and the Latrobe quarterback, named Kennedy, led to a riot between the opposing fans and players. This riot prompted the Westmoreland County Sheriff's Office to devise a heighten security plan for the return game in Latrobe. On October 31, the Greensburg team, still injury-plagued, suffered a fourth consecutive loss, 24-0, to Duquesne Country and Athletic Club at Exposition Park. Greensburg's final win came on November 5 with a 22-0 over Altoona. However the team was defeated again by Homestead five days later, 22-0 over Altoona.
The final professional football game for Greensburg took place on November 17, in Latrobe. Latrobe would go onto win the game, 11-0, and the claim of “Westmoreland County championship”. By this time, the team was experiencing major financial problems. To make matters even worse, the club's scheduled next-to-last game was cancelled due to inclement weather. However the worst occurred when Latrobe, who always drew large crowds when they played Greensburg, withdrew from a scheduled Thanksgiving Day game. Latrobe paid a $400 forfeit and withdrew from the Thanksgiving Day game at Greensburg to play against Duquesne instead. However that game also had to be cancelled because of extreme weather conditions. Greensburg's final season record was 3-7.
Legacy.
Although there were probably others, several members of the 1895 squad who were known to have been paid to play football were Fiscus, guard-quarterback Adam Wyant of Bucknell and the University of Chicago, and fullback Charles Atherton and halfback Fred Robison, both of Penn State. Wyant was cited by his coach at Chicago, Amos Alonzo Stagg, as “one of the best men that ever donned the canvas jacket” (then part of the uniform). Wyant also served at one time as principal of the Greensburg schools and became a U.S. Congressman from the Greensburg area. He would go on to be the first U.S. Congressman to have played professional football. Atherton, who had a street and campus building named after him, later became president of Penn State University.

</doc>
<doc id="20534703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534703" title="Xabier Etxeita">
Xabier Etxeita

Xabier Etxeita Gorritxategi (born 31 October 1987) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Athletic Bilbao mainly as a central defender.
Football career.
A product of Athletic de Bilbao's prolific youth ranks, Lezama, Etxeita's first three games with the first team, in 2008–09's La Liga, were not without incidents: in his first, a 2–0 home win against neighbours CA Osasuna on 16 November 2008, he subbed in for injured Ustaritz, being sent off in the following against CD Numancia (same venue and result).
On 21 December Etxeita replaced Ander Murillo, who also retired before half-time due to injury, in a 1–0 success at Real Betis. During the season, however, he was mainly registered with the B-side.
In the very last days of the 2010 January transfer window Etxeita moved on a five-month loan to FC Cartagena, in the second division. On 16 July 2010 he left Athletic and signed with another side in that level, Elche CF, quickly going on to establish himself in the starting XI.
On 4 June 2013, after contributing with 40 games and four goals as the Valencian Community club returned to the top level after more than 20 years, Etxeita returned to Athletic Bilbao on a free transfer.

</doc>
<doc id="20534707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534707" title="Edmund Walker Island">
Edmund Walker Island

Edmund Walker Island is one of the Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada. It lies in the Arctic Ocean, south-east of Lougheed Island and north-west of Grosvenor Island. It is part of the Findlay Group.

</doc>
<doc id="20534713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534713" title="Elatia, Drama">
Elatia, Drama

Elatia (), until 1927 known as "Kara Dere" (, ), is a forest village in Northern Greece near the border with Bulgaria. It is the administrative center of the Karantere forest.
History.
After the Russo-Turkish War the village of Elatia ("Karadere") remained within the borders of the Ottoman Empire and its population consisted of Pomaks. It was acceded to Greece after World War I. Its name was changed from "Kara Dere" ("Καρά Ντερέ") to "Elatias" ("Ελατιάς") in 1927. The village was depopulated in the period 1919–1934, most probably in 1923 as a result of the Treaty of Lausanne. Since then the village serves as a center of the forestry enterprise of Karantere and as a tourist station and mountain refuge.

</doc>
<doc id="20534734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534734" title="Posttraumatic growth">
Posttraumatic growth

Post-traumatic growth or benefit finding refers to positive psychological change experienced as a result of the struggle with highly challenging life circumstances. These sets of circumstances represent significant challenges to the adaptive resources of the individual, and pose significant challenges to individuals' way of understanding the world and their place in it. Posttraumatic growth is not simply a return to baseline from a period of suffering; instead it is an experience of improvement that for some persons is deeply meaningful.
This concept is part of the positive psychology approach. It is commonly reported by cancer survivors.
History.
The general understanding that suffering and distress can potentially yield positive change is thousands of years old. For example, some of the early ideas and writing of the ancient Hebrews, Greeks, and early Christians, as well as some of the teachings of Hinduism, Buddhism, Islam and the Baha'i Faith contain elements of the potentially transformative power of suffering. Attempts to understand and discover the meaning of human suffering represent a central theme of much philosophical inquiry and appear in the works of novelists, dramatists and poets. Scholarly interest in post-traumatic growth began to gain considerable strength in the 1990s, based on the idea that greater interest should be placed on studying people who are actually healthy, and the better and brighter aspects of human behavior. Today, there is overwhelming evidence that individuals facing a wide variety of very difficult circumstances experience significant changes in their lives many of which they view as highly positive. Posttraumatic growth has been documented in relation to various natural and human made traumatic events, including life threatening disease, war, abuse, immigration and death of loved ones. It has also been documented in many countries and in the context of different cultures with evidence that PTG is a universal phenomenon but also manifests some cultural variations. Growth from trauma has been conceptualized not only for individuals but also for families as systems.
Causes.
Posttraumatic growth occurs with the attempts to adapt to highly negative sets of circumstances that can engender high levels of psychological distress such as major life crises, which typically engender unpleasant psychological reactions. Growth does not occur as a direct result of trauma, rather it is the individual's struggle with the new reality in the aftermath of trauma that is crucial in determining the extent to which posttraumatic growth occurs. Encouragingly, reports of growth experiences in the aftermath of traumatic events far outnumber reports of psychiatric disorders, since continuing personal distress and growth often coexist.
As far as predictors of Post-Traumatic Growth, a number of factors have been associated with adaptive growth following exposure to a trauma. Spirituality has been shown to highly correlate with post-traumatic growth and in fact, many of the most deeply spiritual beliefs are a result of trauma exposure (O'Rourke 2008). Social support has been well documented as a buffer to mental illness and stress response. In regards to Post-Traumatic Growth, not only is high levels of pre-exposure social support associated with growth, but there is some neurobiological evidence to support the idea that support will modulate a pathological response to stress in the Hypothalamic-Pituitary-Adrenocortical (HPA) Pathway in the brain (Ozbay 2007). It is also alleged, though currently under further investigation, that opportunity for emotional disclosure can lead to post-traumatic growth though did not significantly reduce post-traumatic stress symptomology (Slavin-Spenny 2010). Gender roles did not reliably predict post-traumatic growth though are indicative of the type of trauma that an individual experiences. Women tend to experience victimization on a more individual and interpersonal level (e.g. sexual victimization) while men tend to experience more systemic and collective traumas (e.g. military and combat). Given that group dynamics appear to play a predictive role in post-traumatic growth, it can be argued that the type of exposure may indirectly predict growth in men (Lilly 2012).
Characteristics.
Results seen in people that have experienced posttraumatic growth include some of the following: greater appreciation of life, changed sense of priorities, warmer, more intimate relationships, greater sense of personal strength, and recognition of new possibilities or paths for one's life and spiritual development. Two personality characteristics that may affect the likelihood that people can make positive use of the after-math of traumatic events that befall them include extraversion and openness to experience. Also, optimists may be better able to focus attention and resources on the most important matters, and disengage from uncontrollable or unsolvable problems. The ability to grieve and gradually accept trauma could also increase the likelihood of growth. It also benefits a person to have supportive others that can aid in post-traumatic growth by providing a way to craft narratives about the changes that have occurred, and by offering perspectives that can be integrated into schema change. These relationships help develop narratives; these narratives of trauma and survival are always important in post-traumatic growth because the development of these narratives forces survivors to confront questions of meaning and how answers to those questions can be reconstructed. Individual differences in coping strategies set some people on a maladaptive spiral, whereas others proceed on an adaptive spiral. With this in mind, some early success in coping could be a precursor to posttraumatic growth. A person's level of confidence could also play a role in her or his ability to persist into growth or, out of lack of confidence, give up.
A recent article by Iversen, Christiansen & Elklit (2011) suggests that predictors of growth have different effects on PTG on micro-, meso-, and macro level, and a positive predictor of growth on one level can be a negative predictor of growth on another level. This might explain some of the inconsistent research results within the area.
Another characteristic of posttraumatic growth is it can coexist with negative psychological adjustment after traumatic events, so it is important that measures of grief used in both clinical and research domains allow for an assessment of positive response.
Related concepts.
In contrast to resilience, hardiness, optimism, and a sense of coherence, post-traumatic growth refers to a change in people that goes beyond an ability to resist and not be damaged by highly stressful circumstances; it involves a movement beyond pre-trauma levels of adaptation. It could be possible that people who are highest on these dimensions of coping ability will report relatively little growth. That is because these people have coping strategies that will allow them to be less challenged by trauma, and the struggle with trauma may be crucial for post-traumatic growth.

</doc>
<doc id="20534740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534740" title="Grosvenor Island">
Grosvenor Island

Grosvenor Island is one of the Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada. It lies in the Arctic Ocean, south-east of Edmund Walker Island and north-west of Patterson Island. It is part of the Findlay Group.

</doc>
<doc id="20534754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534754" title="Philip T. Reeker">
Philip T. Reeker

Philip Thomas Reeker (born c. 1964) is an American diplomat and career foreign service officer with the Department of State. He has served as the Deputy Assistant Secretary of State in the Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs since August 8th, 2011. He served as the ambassador to Macedonia from 2008 to 2011.
From June 2007 until June 2008, he served at the U.S. Embassy in Iraq as the Counselor to the Ambassador for Public Affairs. He was the Deputy Chief of Mission in Budapest, Hungary from 2004 to 2007. Reeker was Deputy Spokesman and Deputy Assistant Secretary in the Bureau of Public Affairs from 2000-2003. He was recipient of the Edward R. Murrow Award for Excellence in Public Diplomacy in 2003, and traveled domestically and internationally as the Spokesman at Large for the State Department, giving talks and interviews on U.S. foreign policy and diplomacy from 2003 to 2004.
A career foreign service officer, Reeker previously served as Director of Press Relations at the State Department from 1999 to 2000; Assistant Information Officer in Budapest, Hungary from 1993 to 1996; and as the Public Affairs Officer in Skopje, Macedonia from 1997 to 1999. He was spokesman for Ambassador Christopher R. Hill and for the Rambouillet Agreement (Kosovo peace talks).
Born in Pennsylvania, Mr. Reeker grew up in multiple parts of the United States as well as in Australia. He received a BA from Yale University in 1986, and an MBA from the Thunderbird School of Global Management in 1991. He is married to Solveig Johnson Reeker, who also is a member of the Foreign Service.

</doc>
<doc id="20534765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534765" title="Patterson Island (Findlay Group)">
Patterson Island (Findlay Group)

Patterson Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada. It lies in the Arctic Ocean, south-east of Grosvenor Island. It is the most southerly island of the Findlay Group.

</doc>
<doc id="20534792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534792" title="Youth Challenge International (Canada)">
Youth Challenge International (Canada)

Youth Challenge International (YCI) is a youth-centred, non-profit, non-religious, non-governmental organization focused on international development issues. It aims to equip developing country youth with skills and resources to contribute positively to their communities as well as engage Canadian youth in international development and social justice issues. Over 200 Canadian youth volunteer overseas annually with YCI.
Overview.
The organization’s mission is to “build the skills, experience and confidence of young people to effect positive change in their communities”(3).
YCI’s operations and programming is rooted in 4 core principles:
YCI operates on the belief that truly effective aid must have an explicitly youth focus – economic and social development outcomes cannot be improved without youth-specific programming. Youth represent a large share of the Global South’s population structure with 1.3 billion young people aged 12 to 24 now living in developing countries. As the largest cohort of developing country youth in history, this group now makes up well over half the population of most developing countries. A critical challenge facing this population is youth unemployment, compounded by the HIV/AIDS crisis, gender inequality and disenfranchisement. Taking into account these factors, YCI’s program rationale focuses on targeting these issues to promote positive youth-focused change in the developing world.
Typically, YCI operates programs in countries characterized as politically stable, less developed countries that have an existing development relationship with the northern partners of YCI such as Canada and Australia. Organizations that YCI has collaborated with include: Youth Challenge Guyana in Guyana, Reto Juvenil International in Costa Rica, Youth Challenge Australia in Vanuatu, ZANGOC and Faraja Trust in Tanzania, YMCA-Ghana in Ghana, Association for Adolescent Development and the Program for Adolescent Mothers in Grenada, and Emmanuel Development Association in Ethiopia. All of YCI’s partners are fully autonomous non-profit organizations with an indigenous board of directors and local staff. An international complement of field staff joins this base to help deliver field projects in each country. YCI’s long term development goal is to assure that each partner has the stability and capacity to develop a greater regional role in designing, managing and evaluating important development, health and conservation projects, along with increasing the participation of local youth and community stakeholders
In addition, YCI has built relationships with other Canadian organizations including most recently, YMCA Canada and YMCA GTA as well as Club 2/3 and Oxfam Quebec, developing collaborative programming in both Ghana and Benin.
History.
Youth Challenge International was born as a charitable organization in 1989. Inspired by the UK-based Operation Raleigh (1984–1988), Canadian alumni from this project, along with new volunteers and sponsors in Canada, organized to send a group of Canadian youth to Guyana to work with Guyanese youth on community identified projects. In 1990, YCI sent 40 young Canadians, who, side by side with 40 Guyanese youth, worked on major community projects in conservation, infrastructure and health. Also, during its inaugural year, YCI partnered with the Adventure Club of the Soviet Union, sending a team of Canadian and Russian youth to the Arctic to participate in community service activities and conduct scientific research.
In 1991, a similar program to the one in Guyana was also launched in Costa Rica. The following year, the mutual successes of these programs eventually lead to the establishment of autonomous organizations in both these countries. Around the same time, Australian alumni from the original Operation Raleigh, initiated Youth Challenge Australia to provide similar opportunities to Australian Youth.
In 1997, the Youth Challenge Organizations; Youth Challenge Guyana, Reto Juvenil Internacional (in Costa Rica), Youth Challenge Australia, and Youth Challenge International (based in Canada), decided to form the Youth Alliance Council. These organizations now function autonomously, financially independent from one another, but meet on a yearly basis to participate in co-operative decision making and joint planning for the member organizations.
Throughout the 1990s and 2000s, YCI has continued to increase the number of countries it operates in and has sent over 2,500 volunteers abroad, partnering with over 15 countries. It currently operates in Tanzania, Kenya, Ethiopia, Ghana, Benin, Guyana, Costa Rica, Grenada and Vanuatu. In addition, as of 2006, YCI has been working to engage Canadian youth in global development issues domestically, promoting awareness and advocacy through the functioning of its Volunteer Action Teams.
In 2009, YCI launched its American partner Youth Challenge America.
Procedure.
The ideal YCI volunteer candidate is aged 18-35, interested in international youth development, motivated to make positive change, seeking an international team-based experience and available for 5 to 12 weeks. Since there are programs throughout the year, volunteers have different options in terms of dates. YCI programs are structured to be team-based; youth volunteers will live and work with fellow Canadian youth or youth from their host countries.
A main component of YCI is selecting individuals to volunteer overseas on various projects. Although the process is not competitive, volunteers are selected on their own merits. Past travel, work, education, volunteer experience as well as skills and interests are taken into consideration when deciding where to place an individual. Candidates must undergo a phone interview, during which an YCI Volunteer Program staff member will help the candidate to determine which country he or she is best suited for. There is both a pre-departure learning curriculum and in-country orientation to help prepare and equip volunteers with the necessary tools and skills to complete successful placements.
Board members.
Stephen Brown – Chair and President
"Management consultant with Deloitte Consulting"
Mark Towhey – Vice-Chair
"President of TOWHEY Consulting Group Inc"
Kevin Thomason - Secretary
"Co-founded AideRSS"
Paritosh Gambhir - Treasurer
"Senior Manager at KPMG"
Steven Gilbert
"Management Consultant"
Steve Cornish
"Policy and Advocacy Advisor at CARE Canada"
Sharon Vogel
"Lawyer and Partner with Borden Ladner Gervais"
Shauna Holden
"Consultant at DECODE"
Michael Kocher
"Vice President of international programs for the International Rescue Committee (IRC)"
Duncan Munn
"Sr. Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at the C.D. Howe Institute"

</doc>
<doc id="20534804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534804" title="Ridgeley High School">
Ridgeley High School

Ridgeley High School, built in 1934, was a middle and a high school in Mineral County, West Virginia. The high school closed in 1976 because of consolidation in Mineral County schools. At one time the school contained kindergarten though 12th grade.
History.
Ridgeley students received their high school education at Allegany High School in Cumberland, Maryland until 1934, when a high school program was established in the town. The first graduating class in 1935 had 13 students.
The school closed as a result of consolidation in 1976 and was succeeded by Frankfort High School.
Campus.
Ridgeley High School sits on a plot of land in the center of the town by the levee which separates the property from the Potomac River. The building is a two story school with L-shaped hallways on both levels. On the lower level (essentially the basement) classrooms lined the front of the school and the side facing the football field. The cafeteria was at the center of the L in the basement. Aside from lunches, the space was used for weekly sock hops on Friday nights providing entertainment to students. On the upper floor, classrooms lined the outer walls facing the street. On the football field side, classrooms lined both sides of the hallway. The other side of the hall was mostly occupied by the gym where basketball games were played. Outside, the football field took up a large portion of the property. The football stadium had no lights, so games were played on Friday afternoons with students released early to attend. The property behind the school was also used by gym classes for calisthenics. The football field was also used for years by other local sports teams including the Ridgeley Rams football team.
Extracurricular activities.
The Ridgeley Blackhawks football team won the West Virginia Class A championship in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20534816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534816" title="Side Four">
Side Four

Side Four is a live album by the artist Adrian Belew, originally released on November 16, 2007. 
The album was recorded live at Canal Street Tavern in Dayton, Ohio on
February 16th, 2007. The tracks "Dinosaur", "Three of a Perfect Pair" and "Thela Hun Ginjeet" were originally recorded by King Crimson.

</doc>
<doc id="20534836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534836" title="Farley v Skinner">
Farley v Skinner

Farley v Skinner [http://www.bailii.org/uk/cases/UKHL/2001/49.html UKHL 49 is an English contract law case, concerning the measure and availability of damages for distress.
Facts.
Mr Farley bought a large estate - Riverside House - in Blackboys, Sussex, not far from Gatwick. It had a croquet lawn, a tennis court, an orchard, a paddock and a swimming pool. It cost £420,000 and after the purchase was complete on 28 February 1991, he spent £125,000 improving it. He also had a flat in London, a house in Brighton and one overseas. He hired Mr Skinner to survey the house, particularly to determine levels of aircraft noise. Skinner reported that the noise was of acceptable level, whereas in reality, at 6 am the noise was intolerable. Holding patterns formed right above the house. This distressed Mr Farley as he often spent early mornings in his garden. 
The trial judge held that Mr Farley had paid no more than someone who knew of the noise, so there was no financial loss, but awarded £10,000 for distress. The Court of Appeal overturned this judgement and rescinded the £10,000 award.
Judgment.
The House of Lords restored the trial judge’s award, because not being put at such inconvenience was an important term.
Lord Scott held that if Mr Farley had known about the aircraft noise he would not have bought the property. He could either claim for being deprived of the contractual benefit ("Ruxley Electronics Ltd v Forsyth"), or he could claim as having consequential loss on breach of contract ("Watts v Morrow"). He added that if there had been an appreciable reduction in the house’s market value, he could not recover both, which would have been double recovery. Although £10,000 was ‘on the high side’, the value was within the right range.
‘If the cause is no more than disappointment that the contractual obligation has been broken, damages are not recoverable even if the disappointment has led to a complete mental breakdown. But, if the cause of the inconvenience or discomfort is a sensory (sight, touch, hearing, smell, taste) experience, damages can, subject to the remoteness rules, be recovered.’
Lord Clyde said it was ‘the specific provision relating to peacefulness of the property in respect of the aircraft noise which makes the present case out of the ordinary’. The predominant object test was dispensed with, so it was enough that the term broken was known by both parties to have been important (it did not matter whether the purpose of the contract was to provide peace of mind). So it seems surveyors will not ordinarily be liable when a house is defective and causes distress.

</doc>
<doc id="20534846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534846" title="Charles Evenden">
Charles Evenden

Charles Evenden, soldier, cartoonist, and author, is probably best remembered as the founder and guiding inspiration of the ex-servicemen organisation known as the Memorable Order of Tin Hats.
Early life.
Charles Alfred Evenden, the eldest of the thirteen children was born in London to John Charles Evenden of Kent and his wife, Elizabeth Gregory on 1 October 1894.
He was educated at Haggerston Road School in the London Borough of Hackney. At the age of twelve, he was top of the school and remained there for two years, winning two scholarships to Charterhouse School. However, his parents did not have the means to send him to Charterhouse and found him a job in a factory instead at half-a-crown a week.
To supplement his income he took to selling newspapers. While doing this he began studying newspaper cartoons. This inspired him in the drawing classes he attended and on one occasion he sent a cartoon to the "Daily Express". The psychological effect of this act was to influence his whole life.
World War I.
He joined the Australian Army in World War I and was sent to Egypt. As a member of the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps, he took part in the Gallipoli campaign until he was badly shell-shocked and evacuated to Malta. He was hospitalised in England and at the cessation of hostilities returned to a farming life in Australia.
Post war years.
His farming efforts proved to financially unsuccessful. He thus took up newspaper work in Melbourne. After a brief period, he decided to try newspaper life in South Africa. In 1923 he arrived in Durban where he joined the staff of ‘’The Natal Mercury’’ as its cartoonist under the nom-de-plume of EVO. He remained with this paper from 1924 until 1953. With the startling simplicity of his ideas he soon made a name for himself. To emphasise his attitude towards politicians and bureaucrats he created two characters 'Dr Mug' and 'Mr Wump'. His brand of Cockney humour had a special appeal for the newspaper's readers.
Memorable Order of Tin Hats.
According to the "Dictionary of South African Biography", one night in 1927 after he and the editor of "The Natal Mercury", RJ Kingston Russell, had seen a war film, Evenden was persuaded to draw a cartoon on 'remembrance'. According to the Dictionary, "The cartoon showed a tin helmet surmounted by a burning candle. Around the flames of the candle were six words – "True Comradeship" – "Mutual Help" – "Sound Memory"".
However, the official MOTH website carries a cartoon captioned "Forgetfulness" and this led to the founding of the Order. This is confirmed by the Eastern Province Herald which describes the cartoon as follows: "a bullet- and shrapnel-riddled Allied helmet awash in the ocean. In the background a steamship passes over the horizon, leaving the forgotten, ghostly form of a veteran forlornly wading through the water."
The concepts of "True Comradeship", "Mutual Help" and "Sound Memory" were to become the inspiration of a remarkable organisation of ex-front line soldiers, of all ranks, known as the Memorable Order of Tin Hats (MOTH). Evenden, as the founder of the movement and its guiding inspiration was given the title of 'Moth O' - a position he held until his death."
The membership of the MOTH movement, under Evenden's vigorous direction and leadership, grew into thousands. Men and women of two world wars, of the Second Anglo Boer War (1899–1902) and even those of former enemy forces streamed into its ranks. All who were prepared to keep alive the memories of comradeship and self-sacrifice - the finer virtues that war brings forth - were welcomed and made at home in shell holes with colourful and meaningful names of war-time memories and occasions. The shellholes spread to the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand and to Rhodesia (Zimbabwe). Membership was extended to those who had participated in the South African Border War[http://www.moth.org.za/moth286.htm].
The MOTH national headquarters is situated in Warriors Gate, Durban, which is modelled on a Norman design from a photograph given to Evenden by Admiral Evans-of-the-Broke. In 1948 Evenden opened Mount Memory [http://www.moth.org.za/moth8.htm],- a monument to the missing and dead of the Second World War, in the foothills of the Drakensberg mountains.
Family life.
He married Reenie Carlos and had a son, Barrie, and a daughter. Barrie was posted as missing in action when his ship was torpedoed by a U-boat in the Mediterranean Sea.
After his death in Durban on 1 April 1961 Evenden was cremated, and his ashes were scattered over the Durban bay.
Writings.
Evenden wrote the story of how the MOTH organisation was created in his book "Old soldiers never die" (Durban, 1952). He was also the author of "Like a little candle" (Durban, 1959).
Recognition.
In 1955 he was received by Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother, at Clarence House.
On 11 November 1955 the freedom of the city of Durban was conferred on him, at a parade of 14 000 Moths, by the then Mayor, Councillor Vernon Essery.

</doc>
<doc id="20534860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534860" title="Jefe de Jefes">
Jefe de Jefes

Jefe de Jefes ("Boss of Bosses") is the title of a studio album released by Mexican group Los Tigres del Norte. This album became their first number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums, and received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Mexican/Mexican-American Album and Regional Mexican Album of the Year at the Lo Nuestro Awards of 1998.
Tracklisting.
The information from Billboard.

</doc>
<doc id="20534863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534863" title="John Garton">
John Garton

John Henry Garton (born 3 October 1941) is a retired Anglican bishop. He was the suffragan Bishop of Plymouth in the Church of England. 
Garton was educated at Worcester College, Oxford and Ripon College Cuddesdon. After a short service commission in the Royal Tank Regiment he was ordained in 1969 and began his career as a Chaplain to the Forces. From 1973 until 1976 he was a lecturer at Lincoln Theological College and then Rector of St Peter’s Hillfields. He then spent 10 years as Principal of Ripon College Cuddesdon before his ordination to the episcopate as the Bishop of Plymouth, a position he held from 1996 until 2005, since when he has been an assistant bishop in the Diocese of Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20534864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534864" title="Shorty Dee">
Shorty Dee

Maurice Leo (Shorty) Dee (October 4, 1889 – August 12, 1971) was a Major League Baseball shortstop. Dee played for the St. Louis Browns in the season. In one career game, he had no hits in three at bats, with one walk and a run scored. He batted and threw right-handed. 

</doc>
<doc id="20534891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534891" title="WSU's Performing Arts Center">
WSU's Performing Arts Center

Winona State University's Performing Arts Center.
Built in 1968, this building includes a large band room, choir room, a 412-seat proscenium theatre, a versatile black-box theatre (The Dorothy B. Magnus Theatre), a recital hall, dance studio, scene shop, costume shop, make-up and dressing rooms, offices, and classrooms.
The Performing Arts Center houses the Departments of Music, Theatre & Dance, and Communications Studies.
The building is the summer home and performance location for the Great River Shakespeare Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20534919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534919" title="Mike Joyce (baseball)">
Mike Joyce (baseball)

Michael Lewis Joyce (born February 12, 1941) is a former relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Chicago White Sox between the and seasons. Listed at , 193 lb., Joyce batted and threw right-handed. A native of Detroit, Michigan, he attended University of Michigan.
In a two-season career, Joyce posted a 2–1 record with a 4.33 ERA in 31 appearances, including one start, giving up 26 runs on 53 hits and 22 walks while striking out 16 in 54.0 innings of work.

</doc>
<doc id="20534933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534933" title="Bundling of Microsoft Windows">
Bundling of Microsoft Windows

Bundling of Microsoft Windows is when computers have been installed with Microsoft Windows before purchase. Microsoft encourages original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of personal computers to include Windows licenses with their products, and agreements between Microsoft and OEMs have undergone antitrust scrutiny. Users opposed to the bundling of Microsoft Windows have sought refunds for Windows licenses, and although some customers have successfully obtained payments (in some cases after litigation or lengthy negotiations), others have been less successful.
The "Windows tax".
A common complaint comes from those who want to purchase a computer without a copy of Windows pre-installed and without paying extra for the license either so that another operating system can be used or because a license was already acquired elsewhere, such as through the MSDN Academic Alliance program. Microsoft encourages original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) to supply computers with Windows pre-installed by presenting their dominance in computer sales, engaging in private agreements and arguing that consumers benefit by not having to install an operating system. Because the price of the license varies depending on discounts given to the OEM and because there is no similar computer that the OEM offers without Windows, there is no immediate way for a consumer to find out the price of a bundled Windows license. In 2009, Microsoft stated that it has always charged OEMs about $50 for a Windows license on a $1,000 computer. In a 2010 "ZDNet" article, Chris Clay wrote that Dell computers with Ubuntu preinstalled were priced higher than identical systems with Windows preinstalled, even though Ubuntu is free and open source.
While it is possible to obtain a computer with no or free operating systems, virtually all large computer vendors continue to bundle Microsoft Windows with the majority of the personal computers in their ranges. The claimed increase in the price of a computer resulting from the inclusion of a Windows license has been called the "Windows tax" or "Microsoft tax" by opposing computer users. According to the Findings of Fact in the United States Microsoft antitrust case of 1998, "One of the ways Microsoft combats piracy is by advising OEMs that they will be charged a higher price for Windows unless they drastically limit the number of PCs that they sell without an operating system pre-installed. In 1998, all major OEMs agreed to this restriction." Microsoft also once assessed license fees based on the number of computers an OEM sold, regardless of whether a Windows license was included; Microsoft was forced to end this practice due to a consent decree. The decree, entered into in 1994, barred Microsoft from conditioning the availability of Windows licenses or varying their prices based on whether OEMs distributed other operating systems; author Wendy Goldman Rohm said that the decree was effective in allowing Dell and HP to offer Linux computers. In 2010, Microsoft stated that its agreements with OEMs to distribute Windows are nonexclusive, and OEMs are free to distribute computers with a different operating system or without any operating system.
Users can avoid the "Windows tax" altogether by assembling a computer from individually purchased parts or purchasing a computer from an OEM that does not bundle Windows. Some smaller OEMs and larger retail chains such as System76 have taken to specializing in Linux-based systems to their advantage from major suppliers' paucity of non-Windows offerings. Some Linux distributors also run 'partnership' programs to endorse suppliers of machines with their system pre-installed.
Boot locking concerns.
Microsoft requires that OEMs support UEFI secure boot on their products to qualify for the Windows 8 Logo Program. Concerns have been raised that OEMs might ship systems that do not allow users to disable secure boot or install signing keys for alternative operating systems. Such computers would be unable to boot any non-Windows operating system (unless that operating system was signed and its keys included with the computer), further complicating the issue of Windows refunds. While Microsoft claims the OEMs would be free to decide which keys to include and how to manage them, competing OS vendors' relative lack of influence on the desktop OS market compared to Microsoft might mean that, even if signed versions of their operating systems were available, they might face difficulties getting hardware vendors to include their keys, especially if end users won't be able to manage those keys themselves. Boot locking is now required for ARM devices.
License refund policy.
Microsoft does not provide refunds for Windows licenses sold through an OEM, including licenses that come with the purchase of a computer or are pre-installed on a computer. A Microsoft Denmark representative stated that Microsoft's Windows license terms allow OEMs to offer a refund for just the Windows license. According to Microsoft's End User License Agreement for Windows 7, the ability to receive a refund for the operating system is determined by the hardware manufacturer: 
Older versions of Microsoft Windows had different license terms with respect to the availability of a refund for Windows: 
OEM policies for refunding unused Windows licenses vary. Some OEMs have programs that specifically allow a user to receive a refund for an unused Windows license. Acer US has a Windows refund program where a user can ship a computer with an unused copy of Windows to the Acer service center and have the computer returned without Windows for a refund. Acer's policy requires the customer to return items at his or her own expense, and the balance received by the customer can be as low as €30. Other vendors, like Dell, have "ad hoc" procedures for users to request a refund of a Windows license. In some cases, vendors have asked that customers requesting refunds sign non-disclosure agreements. Still other vendors, such as Lenovo, have return policies that do not allow for a partial refund for just the Windows license, requiring the entire computer to be returned to obtain a refund. Litigation by users denied a partial refund for the unused Windows license has resulted in rulings in France and Italy that bundling Microsoft Windows and then refusing to offer partial refunds for just the Windows license violates applicable law.
Public response.
The difficulties associated with getting a Windows refund from OEMs have evoked a strong response from the public. Websites have been created for the specific purpose of spreading information about the issue and educating others on their options for getting a refund. In the past, public events (such as the Windows refund day in 1999 which gained significant media attention) have also been organised, with people expressing their displeasure towards Microsoft and computer OEMs for the bundling of Windows with new computers. The overall goal of such events has been to get OEMs to expand their selection of computers without a copy of Windows pre-installed, with the additional goal of getting them to revise and improve their refund policies while the first goal has not been met.

</doc>
<doc id="20534940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534940" title="Realtime Interrupt">
Realtime Interrupt

Realtime Interrupt is a 1995 science fiction novel by James P. Hogan set in a near-future Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.
It tells the story of Joe Corrigan, who awakens in a Pittsburgh hospital without memory. As director of the supersecret Oz Project, he had worked on a virtual reality software project, and as he slowly recalls his past, he sets out on a quest to pick up the pieces of his past life. He discovers that the virtual reality is still going on.

</doc>
<doc id="20534941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534941" title="List of butterflies and moths of Michigan">
List of butterflies and moths of Michigan

This is a list of butterflies and moths—species of the order Lepidoptera—that have been observed in the U.S. state of Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="20534943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534943" title="Sun Ra and his Solar Arkestra Visits Planet Earth">
Sun Ra and his Solar Arkestra Visits Planet Earth

Sun Ra and his Solar Arkestra Visits Planet Earth is a jazz album by the American musician Sun Ra and his Solar Arkestra. Recorded between late 1956 and 1958, the album was originally released on Ra's own Saturn label in 1966, and has since been reissued on CD by Evidence in 1992. In keeping with many Saturn releases, one side features cuts from the arkestra c.1958, whilst the other side comes from the 1956 sessions originally intended for "Sound of Joy" but still unreleased in 1966.
Track listing.
12" Vinyl.
All songs by Sun Ra unless otherwise noted;
Side A:
Side B:
The sides were switched for the Evidence reissue, as well as being coupled with the album "Interstellar Low Ways".
Musicians.
On "Reflections In Blue", "Two Tones", "El Viktor" and "Saturn", recorded at the Balkan Studio, Chicago, November 1, 1956;
On "Planet Earth", "Eve" and "Overtones of China" recorded at Rehearsals, late 1957 or 1958;

</doc>
<doc id="20534957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534957" title="Toof Building">
Toof Building

The Toof Building is a commercial brick structure with exterior terra cotta elements, built in the architectural style of the "Chicago School". It is located on Madison Ave in downtown Memphis, Tennessee, adjacent to AutoZone Park, a minor league baseball stadium.
Architect G. M. Shaw designed the structure for S. C. Toof & Co., the oldest printing company in Memphis, it was built in 1913 to serve as a production and administrative facility for the company. On six stories, the building offers of production and office space.
In 2008, the building is vacant.
History.
The S. C. Toof & Co. printing business was founded in 1864. To accommodate for the expanding business after the turn of the 20th century, the Toof Building was planned by architect G. M. Shaw to serve as the new production and administrative site for the company in downtown Memphis. The building was designed in the architectural style of the "Chicago School". The "Chicago School" utilized new technologies of steel-frame construction with masonry cladding and plate-glass window areas. Focusing on the function of the building rather than its appearance, the style also limited the amounts of ornament on the exterior. Construction of the building was completed in 1913. S. C. Toof & Co. is the oldest printing company in the Memphis area and is still in existence in 2008 under the name Toof Commercial Printing Co., with a business address on S Cooper St in Memphis.
In 1982, the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The Toof Building is located west of and adjacent to AutoZone Park, a minor league baseball stadium and home of the Memphis Redbirds. In the mid-1990s, plans emerged to establish a minor league baseball museum in the vacant building. Lack of financial support for the museum let the supporters abandon the plans. The privately owned structure is still vacant in 2008, windows and doors are boarded.
Since August 2008, the eastern side of the building, facing the AutoZone Park baseball stadium, was prepared for a large-scale mural. The mural was completed in April 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20534962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534962" title="Sean-nós song">
Sean-nós song

Sean-nós (Irish for "old style") is a highly ornamented style of unaccompanied traditional Irish singing.
Sean-nós singing style.
Sean-nós singing is a highly-ornamented style of solo, unaccompanied singing defined by Tomas Ó Canainn as:
...a rather complex way of singing in Gaelic, confined mainly to some areas in the west and south of the country. It is unaccompanied and has a highly ornamented melodic line...Not all areas have the same type of ornamentation—one finds a very florid line in Connacht, contrasting with a somewhat less decorated one in the south, and, by comparison, a stark simplicity in the northern songs...
Ó Canainn also asserts that, '...no aspect of Irish music can be fully understood without a deep appreciation of sean-nós singing. It is the key which opens every lock'.
Alternatively, it is simply "the old, traditional style of singing" and therefore is not always ornamented. It varies very much from one part of the country to another, as according to Hiúdaí Ó Duibheannaigh, who served on the Irish Folklore Commission from 1936-39, "...people now, that word being used these last forty years, think it's a particular style of singing: it's not!
Sean-nós songs can be relatively simple, though many are long, extremely stylised and melodically complex. A good performance classically involves substantial ornament and rhythmic variations from verse to verse.
Ó Canainn identifies most ornamentation as melismatic ornamentation. This is when a note is replaced or emphasised by a group of adjoining notes, unlike "intervallic" ornamentation, in which additional notes are used to fill up an interval between two notes.
Decorative elements common in sean-nós singing include:
An example of the sean-nós singing style, sung by Bridget Fitzgerald, may be heard here.
All these strategies serve an assortment of aesthetic purposes, such as:
A number of songs are modal, as opposed to major, in melody.
Distinguishing social features.
"Songs were made to accompany the work inside and outside the home, to express the many emotions-love and sadness of daily existence, to record local and other historical events and to often mark the loss of family and friends whether by death or by emigration".
The very interaction between the performer and audience is a crucial aspect of the sean-nós tradition.
The performance of most songs are not restricted by gender, although the lyrics may imply it is being sung from a woman's or man's point of view. On the other hand there are a few songs that men have a tendency not to sing. Women however do not seem to have the same hesitation.
Content of lyrics.
Many of the songs typically sung sean-nós could be seen as forms of love poetry, laments, or references to historical events such as political rebellions or times of famine, lullabies, nature poetry, devotional songs, or combinations of these.
Comic songs are also part of the tradition (e.g., An Spailpin Fanach, Cunnla, Bean Pháidin), as are references to drink (An Bonnan Bui, Preab san Ol, Olaim Puins is Olaim Te).
Regional variation.
There are four main styles of sean nós, corresponding to the three areas where Irish is still spoken as a community language, the Gaeltachtaí of west Munster (parts of Kerry, and Cork), east Munster (Waterford), Connacht (Connemara and Meath); and to Ulster. "It would not be correct to say sean nós is not practised outside these areas, but only those four distinct styles can be recognised. Singers from the Galltacht and indeed from outside Ireland may blend them, depending on where they learned". These differences in style generally correspond geographically to the various dialects of Irish.
While Sean-nós singing varies around Ireland, with the influence of recording media and ease of travel these distinctions have become less definite since at least the early twentieth century and singers sometimes adopt different styles from various parts of the country. 
Donegal style.
The Donegal style has been heavily influenced by Scots Gaelic singing. It is a relatively unadorned and nasal style. The melody is sometimes less ornamented. As a result, to someone not familiar with Sean-nós, the Donegal style can stand out from other regional styles.
Connemara style.
A more decorated style, with forms familiar to a traditional instrumentalist along with other more complex forms.
West Munster style.
Also a highly ornamented style. The notes to be ornamented can be adjacent to each other like in Connemara, but at other times the gap between them can be wide.
East Munster style.
The Waterford Gaeltacht of An Rinn also has a distinct style, despite the small size of its population, which can be heard in the singing of Nioclás Tóibín.
Language variation.
The term "sean-nós" is popularly applied to songs in English and Irish. A number of sean-nós songs are macaronic, combining two or more languages. Normally they combine Irish and English but occasionally Irish and French or other European languages, including Latin.
Many would agree that it is more the style of singing that is distinctive, and not the lyrics or the language. In spite of this some traditionalist insist that songs exclusively in the English language cannot be regarded as belonging to the tradition.
To the first-time listener, accustomed to popular and classical singers, sean-nós singing may sound more "Arabic" or "Indian" than "Western". Film-maker Bob Quinn, in his Atlantean series of films, suggests a north African cultural connection.
History of sean-nós song and modern developments.
The tradition of sean-nós song was exclusively oral, and remains customarily so. However a few songs were known to have been conveyed to script as early as the 16th century. A songbook for Elizabeth I contained English interpretations of sean-nós songs. Songs started to be more extensively written down in the eighteenth century and distributed in print from then on.
New composition is a controversial issue within sean-nós song circles. Some singers insist that the traditional should be supplemented with new material, arguing that since society has changed, then the content of the lyrics should reflect this. On the other hand, some singers say that only the older, "traditional" songs represent the essence of sean-nós song and therefore deserve a protected, preferential status.
Means of preserving Irish music and dance.
Sean-nós song is a sean-nós activity, which also includes sean-nós dancing. These forms of Irish dance and song have been documented by scholars of ethnomusicology, musicology, linguistics and other fields, such as Hugh Shields, Tom Munnelly, Fintan Vallely, and Lillis Ó Laoire.
The practice of sean-nós dance, sean-nós song, lilting (also known as "mouth music"), and "the bones" (a simple percussion instrument convenient to carry in a pocket) exists for centuries. It might be interpreted as a minimalist means that helped preserve a musical and dance heritage at a time when musical instruments were too expensive for most peasants.
Other Celtic unaccompanied singing styles.
In addition to the unaccompanied Irish traditional sean-nós singing, Irish lilting is usually performed without musical accompaniment. A similar tradition in Scotland is puirt a beul (or "diddling") though there are various mouth music traditions around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20534967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534967" title="Napier Bay">
Napier Bay

Napier Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is located inn Norwegian Bay off Devon Island's Grinnell Peninsula. To the west lies Crescent Island.

</doc>
<doc id="20534968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534968" title="Shank (mechanical)">
Shank (mechanical)


</doc>
<doc id="20534969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534969" title="Chandarkey Rajputan">
Chandarkey Rajputan

Chandarkey Rajputan ()( Coordinates: 32°8'4"N 74°58'20"E) is a village in the Narowal Tehsil of Narowal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. As its name suggests, its population consists of many Muslim Rajputs of Bhatti tribe. In this Village, there is an Software Engineer name Mr, Kashif Asif. He Educate from Foundation University Islamabad.
History.
The written history of the village describes the origin of its inhabitants to a village named "Chitala" in the Sirsa district of Indian Punjab. According to this history, three men from that village approached Rai Sandal Khan Bhatti who was their tribal chief and Raja, and also the grandfather of famous Rai Abdullah Khan Bhatti a.k.a Dulla Bhatti for job. Upon his recommendation, the three men were hired by a Mughal. Upon their master's death, the three divided the land among themselves since their master did not leave any survivors. Chand being the literate one of the three was the one dealing with the official matters and hence the name of the village came to be "Chandarkey Rajputan" after Chand.
There are 2 Software Engineer and 2 Civil Engineer. Name are Bellow,
1) Mr, Kashif Asif (Software Engineer)
'"==Footnotes==
a famous personality Doctor Muhammad Anwar Bhatti and his son,s
in chanderke rajputan also 2 sub engineer 
Muhammad Usman Akaml Civil Assosiate Engineer,
Muhammad Usman Ghazali Mechenical Associate Engineer
both are working abroad"'
The Most Eduction personality is Rana Muhammad Anwar who done his PHD before 2 years

</doc>
<doc id="20534972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534972" title="24th Independent Spirit Awards">
24th Independent Spirit Awards

The 2008 Independent Spirit Awards, honoring the best in independent filmmaking for 2008, were announced on February 21, 2009.
Nominees and winners.
Best Feature.
The Wrestler
Best First Feature.
Synecdoche, New York
Best Director.
'"Tom McCarthy – "The Visitor"
Best Male Lead.
"'Mickey Rourke – "The Wrestler"
Best Female Lead.
'"Melissa Leo – "Frozen River"
Best Supporting Male.
"'James Franco – "Milk"
Best Supporting Female.
'"Penélope Cruz – "Vicky Cristina Barcelona"
Best Screenplay.
"Vicky Cristina Barcelona" – Woody Allen
Best First Screenplay.
"Milk" – Dustin Lance Black
Best Cinematography.
"The Wrestler" – Maryse Alberti
Best Foreign Film.
"The Class" • France
Best Documentary Feature.
Man on Wire
John Cassavetes Award.
In Search of a Midnight Kiss
Truer Than Fiction Award.
The Order of Myths
Producers Award.
"'Heather Rae – "Frozen River" and "Ibid"
Someone to Watch Award.
"'Lynn Shelton – "My Effortless Brilliance"

</doc>
<doc id="20534980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534980" title="List of Burnley F.C. seasons">
List of Burnley F.C. seasons

This is a list of seasons played by Burnley Football Club in English and European football, from 1885 (when they had their first FA Cup campaign) to the present day. It details the club's achievements in major competitions, and the top scorers for each season.

</doc>
<doc id="20534985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20534985" title="Kat DeLuna discography">
Kat DeLuna discography

This is the discography of pop/R&B musician Kat DeLuna. DeLuna first rose to fame in 2007, when she released her debut single "Whine Up". The single became one of the most played songs on pop radio that summer, and achieved major success worldwide, reaching the top ten in countries such as Belgium and France. The single also became a smash hit in the US, peaking inside the top forty of the Hot 100 single chart, as well as topped the Hot Dance Club Play chart. The single led to the release of DeLuna's debut album, "9 Lives" in the Fall of 2007. The album was met to generally positive critical reception, as well as commercial. The album debuted at number 58 in the US, and charted within the top twenty of countries such as Belgium and Poland. The album's success led to a re-release the following year.
In 2008, DeLuna began work on her second studio album. The album spawned several official and promotional singles. The first of these was "Unstoppable", which became a minor hit in Canada. The song was featured in the film "Confessions of a Shopaholic", as well as its accompanying soundtrack. It was followed by the second promotional single "Dance Bailalo", which became a major hit on the US Hot Dance Club Play chart. DeLuna's second album, titled "Inside Out" later spawned the official singles "Push Push", "Party O'Clock" and "Dancing Tonight". After much delay, "Inside Out" was released in Belgium on November 5, 2010. It received commercial success, reaching the top twenty of the Belgium album chart. The album is currently released only in some European markets (Belgium, France, Poland). "Inside Out" was also released in Japan on July 13, 2011.
Kat DeLuna is planning to release her new album, "ViVa Out Loud" of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20535005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535005" title="Gibbaeum">
Gibbaeum

Gibbaeum is a genus of about 21 species of succulent plants of the family Aizoaceae.
The name "Gibbaeum" comes from the Latin "gibbosus" (=hunchback)
They come from South Africa (Cape Province, Little Karoo)
Description.
These succulent plants growing in clumps are characterized by pairs of leaves mostly globular or sometimes thick and arcuate
The sizes of the leaves of a same pair are sometimes different.
Cultivation.
Sunny exposure and well drained soil.
The growth period (emergence of new leaves and flowering) is in summer for some species ans in winter for other ones.
Multiplication by cuttings or seedlings.
Temperature must stay above 10 °C in winter.

</doc>
<doc id="20535015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535015" title="Giuliano da Rimini">
Giuliano da Rimini

Giuliano da Rimini was an Italian painter, circa 1307 to 1324.
He is one of three painters from Rimini, namely Giuliano, Pietro and Giovanni in the early 14th century. The work of the Rimini school may have influenced Giotto during his visit to Rimini.
Details of his life are sketchy at best, but a signed and dated work by him depicts the Madonna Enthroned with saints, now at the Gardner Museum in Boston. Also, his works depicting the Passion of Christ and death of Christ, are exhibited in museums in Rimini.

</doc>
<doc id="20535020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535020" title="Halfway Bush">
Halfway Bush

Halfway Bush is a suburb of the New Zealand city of Dunedin. It is located to the northwest of the city centre, close to the point at which Taieri Road becomes the winding rural Three Mile Hill Road. It was this road which gave the suburb its name, as this locality was halfway between the Taieri Plains and central Dunedin in the early days of European settlement, when Three Mile Hill was the main route from Dunedin to the Otago hinterland. This route was superseded by the route through the Caversham Valley in the 1860s.
The population was 1,893 in the 2006 Census, a decrease of 36 from 2001.
Halfway Bush is the most inland of the suburbs which comprise Dunedin's main urban area, and is at an altitude of . For these reasons, it often receives harsher winter weather than much of the rest of the city. Whereas central Dunedin may only receive passing snow showers on average one or two days per year, snow will often settle on the streets of Halfway Bush for several days per year.
The suburb is connected to central Dunedin by Taieri Road, which runs through the suburb to the suburb of Wakari to the southeast. From Wakari, the road rises to pass under the Roslyn Overbridge before descending into the centre of the city as Stuart Street. The smaller suburb of Helensburgh lies to the east of Halfway Bush, but the suburb is surrounded by rural land to the north and west. To the southwest lies Fraser's Gully, a scenic reserve, which separates Halfway Bush from the suburb of Brockville. A popular alternative route to central Dunedin is via Maori Hill and Drivers Road to George Street.
Halfway Bush mainly consists of Taieri Road and a series of crescents which branch from it. Chief among these are Ashmore Street and Salmond Street, the latter of which connects with Wakari Road, a long, straight semi-rural road which links Taieri Road with Glenleith, to the northwest, by way of Helensburgh and the forest plantations surrounding Ross Creek Reservoir.
Prominent buildings in the Halfway Bush area include Halfway Bush School, the local primary school, and two health facilities - Wakari Hospital, which is located at the eastern end of the suburb, and Ashburn Hall, a private psychiatric clinic, at the point where Taieri Road becomes Three Mile Hill Road, close to the suburb's western end.

</doc>
<doc id="20535029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535029" title="Vibrisseaceae">
Vibrisseaceae

The Vibrisseaceae are a family of fungi in the order Helotiales. The family was circumscribed by mycologist Richard Korf in 1990 to include the genera "Vibrissea", "Chlorovibrissea", and "Leucovibrissea". According to the "Dictionary of the Fungi" (10th edition, 2008), the family encompasses 5 genera and 59 species.
Description.
Members of the Vibrisseaceae have filiform (threadlike) to cylindrical ascospores.

</doc>
<doc id="20535032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535032" title="Rutstroemiaceae">
Rutstroemiaceae

Rutstroemiaceae is a family of fungi in the order Helotiales. Species in this family have a cosmopolitan distribution, especially in temperate areas.

</doc>
<doc id="20535034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535034" title="Phacidiaceae">
Phacidiaceae

The Phacidiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Helotiales.

</doc>
<doc id="20535036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535036" title="Leotiaceae">
Leotiaceae

The Leotiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Leotiales. Species in this family are saprobic, and have a wide distribution, especially in temperate regions. The family contains 7 genera and 34 species.

</doc>
<doc id="20535041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535041" title="Hyaloscyphaceae">
Hyaloscyphaceae

The Hyaloscyphaceae are a family of fungi in the Helotiales order. Species in this family have a cosmopolitan distribution, and are saprobic, growing on dead wood and other plant matter.
Genera.
According to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the following 69 genera are in the Hyaloscyphaceae family. Those with a question mark preceding the name have an uncertain taxonomic placement.
"Albotricha" —
"Amicodisca" —
"Antinoa" —
?"Arachnopeziza" —
"Asperopilum" —
"Austropezia" —
"Belonidium" —
"Betulina" —
"Brunnipila" —
"Bryoglossum" —
"Calycellina" —
"Calycina" —
"Calyptellopsis" —
"Capitotricha" —
"Chrysothallus" —
"Ciliolarina" —
?"Ciliosculum" —
"Cistella" —
"Cistellina" —
"Clavidisculum" —
"Dasyscyphella" —
"Dematioscypha" —
?"Didonia" —
"Dimorphotricha" —
"Echinula" —
"Eriopezia" —
"Fuscolachnum" —
"Fuscoscypha" —
"Graddonidiscus" —
"Hamatocanthoscypha" —
"Hegermila" —
"Hyalacrotes" —
"Hyalopeziza" —
"Hyaloscypha" —
"Hydrocina" —
"Hyphodiscus" —
"Incrucipulum" —
"Incrupila" —
"Lachnaster" —
"Lachnellula" —
"Lachnum" (synonymous with "Dasyscyphus") —
"Lasiobelonium" —
"Microscypha" —
"Mollisina" —
"Neodasyscypha" —
"Olla" —
"Otwaya" —
"Parachnopeziza" —
"Perrotia" —
"Phaeoscypha" —
"Pithyella" —
"Polaroscyphus" —
"Polydesmia" —
"Proliferodiscus" —
"Proprioscypha" —
?"Protounguicularia" —
"Psilachnum" —
"Psilocistella" —
"Pubigera" —
"Rodwayella" —
"Solenopezia" —
"Tapesina" —
"Trichopeziza" —
"Unguicularia" —
"Unguiculariella" —
"Unguiculella" —
"Urceolella" —
"Velutaria" —
"Venturiocistella"

</doc>
<doc id="20535042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535042" title="CaixaForum Madrid">
CaixaForum Madrid

CaixaForum Madrid is a museum and cultural center in Paseo del Prado 36, Madrid. It is sponsored by La Caixa. 
It was constructed by the Swiss architects Herzog & de Meuron from 2001 to 2007, which combined an old abandoned electrical station with new construction of floors which are encased with oxidized cast-iron, which was meant to be of a similar color and weight as the brick below. On the house next to it, there is a green wall designed by French botanist Patrick Blanc. The red of the top floors contrasts with the plants on the wall, which match the character of the neighbouring Real Jardín Botánico.
Although the CaixaForum is a contemporary building, it also exhibits retrospectives of artists from earlier time periods and has evolved into one of the most visited museums in Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="20535043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535043" title="Sclerotiniaceae">
Sclerotiniaceae

The Sclerotiniaceae are a family of fungi in the order Helotiales. Many species in this family are plant pathogens.

</doc>
<doc id="20535044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535044" title="Hemiphacidiaceae">
Hemiphacidiaceae

The Hemiphacidiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Helotiales. Although the type genus was originally "Hemiphacidium", it has since been renamed to "Sarcotrochila". The 26 species in this family are limited in distribution to northern temperate zones.

</doc>
<doc id="20535046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535046" title="Helotiaceae">
Helotiaceae

The Helotiaceae are a family of fungi in the Helotiales order. The distribution of species in the family are widespread, and typically found in tropical areas. There are 117 genera and 826 species in the family.
Genera.
A question mark before the genus name means that according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the placement of that genus in this family is uncertain.
"Allophylaria" —
"Ameghiniella" —
"Aquadiscula" —
"Ascocalyx" —
"Ascoclavulina" —
"Ascocoryne" —
"Ascotremella" —
"Austrocenangium" —
?"Banksiamyces" —
"Belonioscyphella" —
"Bioscypha" —
"Bisporella" —
"Bryoscyphus" —
"Bulgariella" —
"Bulgariopsis" —
?"Calloriopsis" —
"Calycellinopsis" —
"Capillipes" —
"Carneopezizella" —
"Cenangiopsis" —
"Cenangium" —
"Cenangiumella" —
"Chlorociboria" —
"Chloroscypha" —
"Claussenomyces" —
"Cordierites" —
"Crocicreas" —
"Crumenella" —
"Crumenulopsis" —
"Cudoniella" —
"Dencoeliopsis" —
"Dictyonia" —
"Discinella" —
"Encoeliopsis" —
"Episclerotium" —
"Erikssonopsis" —
"Gelatinodiscus" —
?"Gelatinopsis" —
"Gloeopeziza" —
"Godronia" —
"Godroniopsis" —
"Gorgoniceps" —
"Grahamiella" —
"Gremmeniella" —
"Grimmicola" —
"Grovesia" —
"Grovesiella" —
"Heterosphaeria" —
"Holmiodiscus" —
"Hymenoscyphus" —
"Jacobsonia" —
"Metapezizella" —
"Micraspis" —
?"Micropodia" —
"Mniaecia" —
"Mollisinopsis" —
"Mytilodiscus" —
"Neobulgaria" —
"Neocudoniella" —
"Nipterella" —
"Ombrophila" —
?"Pachydisca" —
"Parencoelia" —
"Parorbiliopsis" —
"Patinellaria" —
"Pestalopezia" —
"Phaeangellina" —
"Phaeofabraea" —
"Phaeohelotium" —
?"Physmatomyces" —
"Pocillum" —
"Poculopsis" —
"Polydiscidium" —
"Pragmopora" —
"Pseudohelotium" —
"Pseudopezicula" —
"Rhizocalyx" —
"Sageria" —
"Septopezizella" —
"Skyathea" —
"Stamnaria" —
"Strossmayeria" —
"Symphyosirinia" —
"Tatraea" —
"Thindiomyces" —
"Tympanis" —
"Unguiculariopsis" —
"Velutarina" —
"Weinmannioscyphus" —
"Xeromedulla" —
"Xylogramma"

</doc>
<doc id="20535048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535048" title="Geoglossaceae">
Geoglossaceae

Geoglossaceae is a family of fungi in the order Geoglossales, class Geoglossomycetes. These fungi are broadly known as earth tongues. The ascocarps of most species in the family Geoglossaceae are terrestrial and are generally small, dark in color, and club-shaped with a height of 2–8 cm. The ascospores are typically light-brown to dark-brown and are often multiseptate. Other species of fungi have been known to parasitize ascocarps. The use of a compound microscope is needed for accurate identification.
History.
The fungi that are now included in the fungal class Geoglossomycetes were previously considered by mycologists to be a family (Geoglossaceae) within the class Leotiomycetes. The family Geoglossaceae "sensu lato" was previously defined with 6 genera and 48 species. Early molecular evidence using ribosomal DNA suggested that Geoglossaceae "sensu lato" was not a monophyletic group, and that the hyaline spored genera (e.g. "Leotia", "Microglossum", and "Spathularia") were not allied within the same clade as the darker-spored genera ("Geoglossum" and "Trichoglossum"). Schoch et al., using a six-gene phylogeny including ribosomal DNA and protein-coding genes, found support for the establishment of a new class (Geoglossomycetes), containing the genera "Geoglossum", "Sarcoleotia", and "Trichoglossum". Further molecular research resulted in the addition of "Nothomitra" (previously treated as a relative or synonym of "Microglossum") to the group in 2011. "Glutinoglossum" was circumscribed in 2013 to contain the species formerly known as "Geoglossum glutinosum", and a new European species, "G. heptaseptatum".
Habitat.
Earth tongues are commonly found in soil or among rotting vegetation. In North America, they are commonly found in coniferous woodland, broad-leaved woodland and mixed woodland habitats, whereas in Europe they are commonly found in grassland habitats and are major components of the endangered waxcap grassland habitat.

</doc>
<doc id="20535050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535050" title="Cudoniaceae">
Cudoniaceae

The Cudoniaceae are a family of fungi in the Helotiales order. The family contains three genera: "Cudonia" and "Spathularia", and "Spathulariopsis". Species of Cudoniaceae are widespread in northern temperate regions.

</doc>
<doc id="20535052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535052" title="Bulgariaceae">
Bulgariaceae

The Bulgariaceae are a family of fungi in the order Helotiales. Species are found in northern and southern temperate regions. The family contains four genera and seven species.

</doc>
<doc id="20535053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535053" title="Claw (comics)">
Claw (comics)

Claw, in comics, may refer to:
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20535062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535062" title="Coming Attractions (album)">
Coming Attractions (album)

Coming Attractions is a sort-of compilation album by the artist Adrian Belew, originally released on February 8th, 2000. It is a compilation of previews of works in progress, which include a new solo album, an acoustic record, a series of experimental guitar compositions, and a box set of rarities called DUST that will serve as an overview of his last 20 years of artistic activity.
Reviews.
Alternative Press (05/00, p.76) - 3 out of 5
"...an engaging testament to the wide range of his formidable talents...Eclectic but cohesive album is a perfect introduction to Belew's complex musical persona."
CMJ (1/31/00, p.30)
"...humorously 'normal'. Ranging from a more traditional and song-focused Beatles tribute like '117 Valley Drive' to the experimental 'No Such Guitar,' COMING ATTRACTIONS shows the breadth of Belew's talent." 

</doc>
<doc id="20535092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535092" title="Geoffrey Clarkson">
Geoffrey Clarkson

Geoffrey "Geoff" Clarkson (12 August 1943 – 10 July 2001) was an English rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s, playing representative level rugby union (RU) for Yorkshire, and at club level for Wakefield RFC, and playing representative level rugby league (RL) for Yorkshire, and at club level for Wakefield Trinity (twice), Bradford Northern (twice), Leigh (twice), Warrington, Leeds, York, Bramley, Hull Kingston Rovers, Oldham and Featherstone Rovers, as a , i.e. number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
Playing career.
Born 12 August 1943 in Wakefield, Geoff Clarkson played in Wakefield Trinity's 21–9 victory over St. Helens in the 1966–67 Rugby Football League Championship final replay at Station Road, Swinton on Wednesday 10 May 1967.
Geoff Clarkson extended his record number of transfers to 12 when he left Leigh for Featherstone Rovers on 27 October 1983. He played for 10 different English clubs, and also had a brief spell in Australia.
Clarkson was 40 years old when he finished playing regular first team rugby in 1983–84. He turned professional with Wakefield Trinity in 1966 after gaining Yorkshire County rugby union forward honours while at Wakefield RFC.

</doc>
<doc id="20535110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535110" title="Kaushik">
Kaushik

Kaushik/Koushikasa/Kausikasa/Kousikasa/Kaushika/Koushika/Kausika is a Brahmin gotra found in India. Origin of Kaushika can be referenced to an ancient Hindu text. There was a Rishi (saint) by the name of "Vishvamitra" literally meaning 'friend of the universe','vishwa' as in universe and mitra as in 'friend', he was also called as Rishi 'Kaushika'. Vishvamitra is famous in many legendary stories and in different works of Hindu mythology.
Kaushikasa/Vishwamitra Gotras.
There are two gotras, or lineages, bearing the name of Visvamitra.
Kousikasa Gotra: 
People belonging to Kaushika (Kaushikasa/Kaushikasa/Ghrit) Gotra take Rajarshi Kaushika as their progenitor. Kaushika was son of Vishvamitra. 11 out of 96 royal clans of Marathas belong to Kaushika gotra including the illustrious house of Shivaji. 2 more clans belong to the Vishvamitra gotra. Kaushika gotra also belongs to Baish clan of Rajputs which includes in the Suryavanshi Rajput, one of the oldest and biggest Kshatriya/Chattari clan of Vedic India. Heena Kaushika is one of the most notable descendents of the Kaushika's empire.
Kousikh/Kaushikasa is a gotra of Brahmins of Rajasthan and Haryana. Brahmins consider themselves the descendants of the seven main sages, Angiras, Bhrugu, Vishvamitra, Kashyap, Vasishtha, Atri and Agasti.
Its origin lies in the Rig-Veda; ancient Sanskrit language. Kaushik was the son of Kushika an Indian legend.
Visvamitra Gotra: People belonging to the Visvamitra Gotra consider Brahmarishi Visvamitra as their ancestor. There is an off-shoot of "Vishvamitra Gotra" called "Chakita Vishvamitra Gotra". Two explanations have been suggested for this off-shoot. The group is supposed to have sprung from a "surprised" reaction of Vishvamitra. The other, more likely, explanation, is that a group of descendants decided to split from the main group and started their own branch of this line. A significant number of Bias Brahmins have Kaushik gotra.
Vishvamitra descendants still use Kaushik as their first or last name. This is how majority of the Hindu names were followed. This system of following Rishis' name as the last name was the foundation of "Gautra" in Hindu philosophy. Gautra is used to trace back ancestry especially at the time of marriages till today. Kaushik as the last name is mostly seen in Uttar Pradesh and Haryana (Northern India).
for e.g. Tarun Kaushik. Kaushik is also commonly used as a first name (mostly used by people in West Bengal,Tamil Nadu, Gujarat and Karnataka in India and Bangladesh). for e.g.Koushik Ghosh, Kaushik Das.
Gayatri Mantra.
Brahmarshi Vishvamitra (Sanskrit विश्वामित्र viśvā-mitra "all-friend") is one of the most venerated rishi's or sages of ancient times in India. He is also credited as the author of most of Mandala 3 of the Rigveda, including the revered great Gayatri Mantra. It is a mantra cum prayer and is found in all the three Vedas; Rig, Yajur and Sama Veda. Veda's clearly state that anyone can chant this Mantra, and gain its benefits.
The Puranas mention that only 24 Rishis since antiquity have understood the whole meaning of, and thus wielded the whole power of, the Gayatri Mantra. Sage Vishvamitra is supposed to be the first, and Sage Yajnavalkya the last.
In the Ramayana.
In the Indian epic "Ramayana", Vishvamitra is the preceptor of Rama, prince of Ayodhya and the seventh Avatar of Vishnu, and his brother Lakshman. Shri Ram, he who is protected by Hanuman a son of the God of air (vaayou).
Vishwamitra gives them the knowledge of the "Devastras" or celestial weaponry (bala and adi bala), trains them in advanced religion and guides them to kill powerful demons like Tataka, Maricha and Subahu. He also leads them to the svayamvara ceremony for princess Sita, who becomes the wife of lord Rama.
Origins.
Indra is a god of the rain. If Indra, as a deity, is cognate to other Indo-European gods, either thunder gods such as Thor, Perun, and Zeus, or gods of intoxicating drinks such as Dionysos, his name has either not been preserved in any other branch, or else it is itself an Indian (or perhaps Indo-Iranian) innovation.
In historical Vedic religion, Indra has prominence as the continuation of chief god of the Indo-European pantheon Dyēus. Dyēus himself appears in the Vedas as Dyaus Pita, a relatively minor deity who, interestingly, is the father of Indra. This may derive from the same longstanding father-usurpation pattern found in Greek mythology, in which even Zeus' offspring by Metis was predicted to overthrow him, had the resulting child (Athena) been male. A similar pattern may come into play regarding the relatively low status of Tyr compared to Odin or Thor in Norse paganism (though Tyr has since been posited as Odin's son, instead of his father). Even in ancient Slavic religion, Perun, the Sky God, is the main deity, while his father Svarog, with his heaven named Svarga (same as Indra's Heaven) was in most areas a less prominent deity.
It was once supposed that Vedic Indra corresponds to Verethragna of the Zoroastrian Avesta. This idea was based primarily on the fact that the noun "verethragna-" corresponds to Vedic "vrtrahan-", which is predominantly an epithet of Indra. The supposition that Indra corresponds to Verethragna is now controversial. While both "vritra-" and "verethra-" derive from the same root "to cover", the word "verethra-" is today understood to mean "obstacle". Thus, "verethragna-" is now understood to reflect "smiter of resistance".
Vritra does not appear in either the Avesta or in 9th-12th century books of Zoroastrian tradition. Since the "name" 'Indra' appears in Zoroastrian texts as that of an arch-demon opposing Truth ("Vd." 10.9; "Dk." 9.3; "Gbd." 27.6, 34.27), it may be supposed that "Verethragna" was a way of reintroducing him in a favourable light.
In the Rig Veda.
The Rig-Veda states,
"He under whose supreme control are horses, all chariots, the villages, and cattle";
"He who gave being to the Sun and Morning, who leads the waters, He, O men, is Indra." (2.12.7, trans. Griffith)
It further states,
“"Indra, you lifted up the outcast who was oppressed, you glorified the blind and the lame."” (Rg-Veda 2:13:12)
Indra is, with Varuna and Mitra, one of the Ādityas, the chief personification of God in the Rigveda (besides Agni and the Ashvins). He delights in drinking Soma, and the central Vedic myth is his heroic defeat of Vṛtrá, liberating the rivers, or alternatively, his smashing of the Vala, a stone enclosure where the Panis had imprisoned the cows, and Ushas (dawn). He is the god of war, smashing the stone fortresses of the Dasyu, and invoked by combatants on both sides in the Battle of the Ten Kings.
The Rig-Veda frequently refers to him as Śakra: the mighty-one. In the Vedic period, the number of gods was assumed to be thirty-three and Indra was their lord. (The slightly later Brihad-aranyaka Upanishad enumerates the gods as the eight Vasus, the eleven Rudras, the twelve Adityas, Indra, and Prajapati). As lord of the Vasus, Indra was also referred to as Vāsava.
By the age of the Vedanta, Indra became the prototype for all lords and thus a king could be called Mānavendra (Indra or lord of men) and Rama, the hero of the Ramayana, was referred to as Rāghavendra (Indra of the clan of Raghu). Hence the original Indra was also referred to as Devendra (Indra of the Devas). However, Sakra and Vasava were used exclusively for the original Indra.
Though modern texts usually adhere to the name Indra, the traditional Hindu texts (the Vedas, epics and Puranas) use Indra, Sakra and Vasava interchangeably and with the same frequency.
""Of the Vedas I am the Sama Veda; of the demigods I am Indra, the king of heaven; of the senses I am the mind; and in living beings I am the living force (Bhagavad Gita 10.22) [http://www.bhagavad-gita.us/categories/Chapter-Ten-of-the-Bhagavad-Gita/
Status and function.
Indra is an important god in many post-Vedic and Hindu mythological tales. He leads the Devas (the gods who form and maintain Heaven) and the elements, such as Agni (Fire), Varuna (Water) and Surya (Sun), and constantly wages war against the demonic Asuras of the netherworlds, or Patala, who oppose morality and dharma. He thus fights in the timeless battle between good and evil. As the god of war, he is also regarded as one of the Guardians of the directions, representing the east.
In post-Vedic texts, He is however, ascribed with more human characteristics and vices than any other Vedic deity. Perhaps consequently, he also has the most hymns dedicated to him: 250 (Masson-Oursel and Morin, 326).
Modern Hindus, however tend to see Indra as minor deity in comparison to others in the Hindu pantheon, such as Shiva, Vishnu, or Devi. A Puranic story illustrating the subjugation of Indra's pride is illustrated in the story of
Govardhan hill where Krishna, Avatar or incarnation of Vishnu carried the hill and protected his devotees when Indra, angered by non-worship of him, launched rains over the village.
Characteristics.
Appearance.
In Rig Veda, Indra the solar god is sometimes described as golden-bodied (""Gora"" that means golden-yellowish) with golden jaw, nails, hair, beard.
One Atharva Vedic verse reads, ""In Indra are set fast all forms of golden hue.""
Yellow or Brown Body
In the Rig Veda, hymn 65 reads, ""SAKRA, who is the purifier (of his worshippers), and well-skilled in horses, who is wonderful and golden-bodied."" Rig Veda also reads that Indra ""is the dancing god who, clothed in perfumed garments, golden-cheeked rides his golden car."" One passage calls him both brown and yellow. "Him with the fleece they purify, brown, golden-hued, beloved of all, Who with exhilarating juice goes forth to all the deities"
Yellow Hair
Indra is described in the Rig Veda of dying his hair a yellow colour from yellow Soma juice. One part of the Rig Veda says, ""At the swift draught the Soma-drinker waxed in might, the Iron One with yellow beard and" "yellow hair."" The Rig Veda/Mandala 10/Hymn 96
Other Characteristics.
""Like violent gusts of wind the draughts that I have drunk have lifted me
Have I not drunk of Soma juice?""
""Fair cheeks hath Indra, Maghavan, the Victor, Lord of a great host, Stormer, strong in action.
What once thou didst in might when mortals vexed thee, where now, O Bull, are those thy hero exploits?"" (RigVeda, Book 3, Hymn XXX: Griffith)
""May the strong Heaven make thee the Strong wax stronger: Strong, for thou art borne by thy two strong Bay Horses. So, fair of cheek, with mighty chariot, mighty, uphold us, strong-willed, thunderarmed, in battle."" (RigVeda, Book 5, Hymn XXXVI: Grffith)
Indra's weapon, which he used to kill Vritra, (with the help of other gods), is the thunderbolt (Vajra), though he also uses a bow, a net, and a hook. He rides a large, four-tusked white elephant called Airavata. When portrayed having four arms, he has lances in two of his hands which resemble elephant goads. When he is shown to have two, he holds the Vajra and a bow.
Indra lives in Svarga in the clouds around Mt. Meru. Deceased warriors go to his hall after death, where they live without sadness, pain or fear. They watch the Apsaras and the Gandharvas dance, and play games. The gods of the elements, celestial sages, great kings, and warriors enrich his court.
"Indradhanush", the bow of Indra: Rainbow.
In Hindu mythology, the rainbow is called "Indradhanush", meaning the bow (Sanskrit & Hindi: dhanush is bow) of Indra, the God of lightning, thunder and rain.
Indra figures as one of the chief deities in the Rigveda, celebrated as the slayer of Vṛtra and central to the Soma sacrifice. He has many epithets, notably ' the bull, and ', slayer of Vṛtra.

</doc>
<doc id="20535111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535111" title="1998 du Maurier Open – Men's Singles">
1998 du Maurier Open – Men's Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. The top eight seeds received a bye to the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20535140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535140" title="Animal painter">
Animal painter

An animal painter is an artist who specializes in or is known for their skill in the portrayal of animals, essentially up to about 1900. During the last century "wildlife artist" became the preferred term for contemporary animal painters. 
Especially in the 17th century, animal painters would often collaborate with other artists, who would either paint the main subject in a history or mythological piece, or the landscape background in a decorative one. Frans Snyders, a founder of the Baroque animal painting tradition, often provided the animals, and also still lifes of food, for Peter Paul Rubens; a different landscape specialist might provide the background. In the Dutch Golden Age such specialists tended to produce smaller genre paintings concentrating on their specialism. Animal painters came low down in the hierarchy of genres, but the best painters could make a very good living; many royal and aristocratic patrons were more interested in their subject matter than that of the more prestigious genres. Mainly in England, there were still more specialized painters from the 18th century who produced portraits of racehorses and prize specimens of livestock, whereas in France animal subjects continued to be decorative capriccios often set around garden statuary. 
Animalier as a collective plural noun, or animalier bronzes is also a term in antiques for small-scale sculptures in particular, but also paintings, of animals, of which large numbers were produced, often mass-produced, in 19th century France and elsewhere. Although many earlier examples can be found, animalier sculpture became more popular, and reputable, in early 19th century Paris with the works of Antoine-Louis Barye (1795–1875), for whom the term was coined, decisively, by critics in 1831. By the mid-century, a taste for animal subjects was very widespread among all sections of the middle-classes.
Prominent animal painters.
"See also :Category:Animal artists"

</doc>
<doc id="20535156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535156" title="Coyle and Sharpe">
Coyle and Sharpe

Coyle and Sharpe were United States comedians that appeared on television and radio during the early nineteen sixties, exhibiting their mastery of the "man on the street" interview, with humorous results.
Coyle and Sharpe began their comedy team in 1958 in a boarding house. On their official website,
Jim Coyle is described as a "benign conman who talked his way into 119 jobs by the time he was 25".
At the time of their meeting, Mal Sharpe had just graduated from college and was interested in the burgeoning San Francisco scene.
1964.
In 1964, they were hired by radio station KGO (AM) in San Francisco to pull pranks, or as they jokingly referred to them, "Terrorizations". The radio show was called "Coyle and Sharpe On The Loose". Shortly after these broadcasts aired, they released two records, "The Absurd Imposters" and "The Insane Minds Of Coyle And Sharpe", which were released on the Warner Bros. label.
1963.
In 1963 Coyle & Sharpe shot a few skits on San Francisco's Market Street, and soon they made a pilot for a TV show in Los Angeles.
2000.
Mal Sharpe continued to do the "Man on the Street" interviews. In the year 2000, Sharpe hosted a centennial exhibit at the Whitney Museum, called "The American Century". Coyle and Sharpe were featured in the Soundworks Exhibit for this presentation.
They have one record that re-presented their seminal comedy material in 2000 from Thirsty Ear, entitled
Coyle And Sharpe-Audio Visionaries.
Death.
Jim Coyle died in 1992 of complications from diabetes.

</doc>
<doc id="20535162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535162" title="LNWR Class C1">
LNWR Class C1

The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) Class C1 was a class of 0-8-0 steam locomotives. 34 were rebuilt by Charles Bowen Cooke from Class A 3-cylinder compounds between 1909 and 1912.
History.
Rebuilds of the troublesome Webb Class A compounds to Class D simple expansion engines used larger (5'2" diameter) boilers, with the result that there were many spare smaller (4'3" diameter) boilers available. As a result, rebuilds of the Class As from 1906 retained their smaller boilers. As a consequence, the cylinders had to be reduced to 18.5" diameter, compared with 19.5" with the Class C, and this took them into a new class (or subclass) - C1.
Numbering.
When rebuilt from Class A, all the C1s retained their existing LNWR numbers, which were in the 18xx or 25xx series. All passed into LMS ownership on the grouping of 1923. The LMS assigned them the numbers 8968-9001, sequentially in order of rebuild date, though not all were applied before withdrawal.
LMS numbers in parentheses were not carried prior to withdrawal.
Withdrawal.
Withdrawal occurred between 1927 and 1932. None was preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="20535179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535179" title="Maitland, Hants County, Nova Scotia">
Maitland, Hants County, Nova Scotia

Maitland, East Hants, Nova Scotia (originally known as Jean Peter's Village) is a village in the East Hants, Nova Scotia municipal district, and home to the historic Lawrence House Museum, part of the Nova Scotia Museum. The community was part of the Douglas Township until it was named Maitland after Governor General of Nova Scotia Peregrine Maitland (1828–34), when building the Shubenacadie Canal was first attempted (1826–1831). The Canal was supposed to start at Maitland, Nova Scotia and run through the province to Maitland Street, Dartmouth, the canal being "bookended" by two "Maitland" landmarks.
History.
Maitland was first settled by the Acadians. After the Acadian exodus from the region (1750), the village was eventually settled by Ulster Scots whose descendants became shipbuilders.
Acadians.
Maitland was settled by Jean Pitre (i.e., Peters), son of Jean Denis Pitre, prior to the Acadian Exodus. Oral tradition states that the Oak Island Graveyard was an Acadian burial ground, which was consecrated by Abbe Jean-Louis Le Loutre. Oral tradition also states that a path which connects the “French Field” in Selma to the cemetery in Maitland is the old Acadian roadway.
Several of Jean Denis Pitre’s children married the children of Noel Doiron and Robert Henry from the neighbouring communities of Vil Noel (Noel, Nova Scotia) and Vil Robere respectively. In 1750 the Acadians at Maitland joined the Acadian Exodus during Father Le Loutre's War and moved to Riviere Nord-Est, Ile St. Jean (present day Hillsborough River (Prince Edward Island)). The former of inhabitants of Maitland died in 1758 during the Expulsion of the Acadians in the sinking of the "Duke William".
Ulster Scots (Irish).
After the exodus of the Acadians from Maitland (1750), the land was owned but never settled by Malachy Salter. Decades after the village was vacanted by the Acadians, the village was settled by Ulster Scots people such as the Putnams (c.1771).
Shipbuilding.
Maitland emerged as a major shipbuilding centre in the late 19th century. William Dawson Lawrence became the community's most famous shipbuilder. His ship, the William D. Lawrence, was the largest wooden ship ever built in Canada and third largest in the world, was launched at Maitland in 1874 to one of the largest crowds assembled in Nova Scotia to that date.
Architecture.
Maitland was Nova Scotia's first Heritage Conservation District. The centre of the village is a Heritage Conservation District because of its many fine and well-preserved examples of Victorian architecture. The styles of architecture include Gothic, Federal, Colonial, Cape Cod (house), Greek Revival architecture, Second Empire (architecture) and Italianate, of which style the Lawrence House shows many fine details.
Notable residents.
William D. Lawrence.
William Dawson Lawrence was one of the most successful ship builders in the Maritimes, most famous for building Canada's largest wooden ship, the "William D. Lawrence". In an unpublished manuscript written in 1880 toward the end of his life, he wrote of the maiden voyage of the "William D. Lawrence". He described returning to the place of his birth, Lawrencetown, County Down, Ireland (close to Gilford, Ireland). He also recollects being mortified by a bull fight that he saw in Peru and enjoying the masked ball he attended while in Paris. During one of his stays in London, Lawrence also attended a sermon of the famous preacher and writer Charles Spurgeon.
Lawrence was also a politician and wrote passionately for Nova Scotia's independence in the anti-Confederation Campaign. He ran successfully as a MLA with Joseph Howe running as an MP, both as anti-Confederates in the Hants County elections of 1867. Two years later, much to Lawrence's dismay, Joseph Howe conceded to Confederation and ran in a by-election on a platform for making "better terms" for Nova Scotia within Canada. Howe won which later led to Lawrence's defeat in the following election (1871).

</doc>
<doc id="20535191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535191" title="Trichodiadema">
Trichodiadema

Trichodiadema is a genus of succulent plants of the family Aizoaceae.
The name "Trichodiadema" comes from the ancient Greek "τρῐχός" (=hair, bristle) and "διαδεμα" (=crown)
They come from Cape Province in South Africa.
Description.
Small short-stemmed succulent with stretched alternating small items of 0.8 cm long. They are grey and green. 
At the apex of articles are small bristles radiating around the center giving the appearance of a cactus areole. 
The flowers look like daisies, but with petals dark red, worth the nickname "Desert Rose".
Cultivation.
The plant requires sun exposure (but not too intense sun) and well-drained soil. 
propagation is by division of the clumps. Cuttings are very uncertain because of the risk of rot.
"T. densum" has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="20535192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535192" title="Polytechnique (film)">
Polytechnique (film)

Polytechnique is a 2009 Canadian film from Quebec written by Jacques Davidts and Denis Villeneuve and directed by Denis Villeneuve. Set in Montreal, Quebec and based on the École Polytechnique massacre (also known as the "Montreal Massacre"), the film documents the events of December 6, 1989, through the eyes of two students who witness a gunman murder fourteen young women. The film was released on February 6, 2009, in Quebec and on March 20, 2009, in Toronto, Vancouver and Calgary. Its release has sparked controversy in Quebec.
The film was screened at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival on May 17, 2009.
Plot.
During a class a young man enters a classroom with a rifle. He orders the men to leave and the women to stay. They comply after he shoots into the ceiling to show that he is serious. He tells the women that he hates feminists. Although the women deny being feminists; he shoots at them killing some and wounding others. He then moves through corridors, the cafeteria, and another classroom, specifically targeting women. Once finished, he shoots himself with his own weapon.
The film jumps back and forth in time several times. It shows male student Jean-François who was ordered to leave the classroom. He does not just flee but he returns to try to stop the killer and/or help the victims. Valérie and Stéphanie, two surviving women, play dead thinking the killer returned, though Stephanie later dies of her injuries. Some time after the massacre Jean-François, feeling guilty for complying with the order to leave the classroom and abandoning the women, commits suicide.
Cast.
The rest of the cast listed alphabetically:
Voice cast.
English.
__NOTOC__
Trailer.
The trailer was released in late November 2008, in both French and English versions. An edited version of Moby's song "Everloving" (from his "Play" album) is featured extensively in the trailer.
Production.
The film was shot at Cégep de Maisonneuve and Collège Ahuntsic as well as Griffintown and Westmount.
There were two versions of the film produced, one in English and one in French. The director Denis Villeneuve hoped the film would enter into the English-Canadian market, as well as the American one. Villeneuve shot the film in black and white, so as to avoid the presence of blood on screen.
The name of the perpetrator is never mentioned in the film. The end credits list Maxim Gaudette's character as "The killer".
Notes.
Later in her career, Valérie (Karine Vanasse) wears an Iron Ring, the professional ring of Canadian engineers.
Reception.
The film has received mostly positive reviews from film critics. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 80% of professional critics gave the film a positive review, with an average rating of 6.9/10.
Peter Howell of the "Toronto Star" gave the film three and a half stars out of four, stating ""Polytechnique" makes no judgments, offers no panaceas. It shows the violence, faithfully recreating the historical record, but it doesn't wallow in it. Pierre Gill's brilliant monochrome lensing minimizes the effect of the blood. [...] It stands as a work of art, summoning unspoken thoughts the way Picasso's war abstraction "Guernica" does in a scene of contemplation with Jean-François."
Denis Seguin of ScreenDaily.com gave the film a favourable review, writing "Like Gus Van Sant’s "Elephant", "Polytechnique" is a formalist interpretation of an atrocity, with a cool perspective on the events and much for audiences to read between the frames as the film moves back and forth through time." 
Katherine Monk of Canwest News Services gave the film four stars out of five; "The paradox may sound grotesque, but it must be stated loud and clear: Denis Villeneuve and the cast of "Polytechnique" have transformed the tragedy of the Montreal Massacre into a work of profound beauty." 
In January 2010, it was named the Best Canadian Film of 2009 by the Toronto Film Critics Association. Brian D. Johnson, TFCA president called it a "film of astonishing courage."
In April 2010, the film won nine Genie Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director for Villeneuve, Best Actress for Vanasse and Best Supporting Actor for Gaudette.
Box office.
The film grossed $214,419 in Quebec cinemas during its opening weekend, ranking 13th at the Canadian box office, even with limited release. As of May 28, 2009, the film has grossed $1.66 million, making it one of the highest-grossing Canadian films of the year.
DVD release.
"Polytechnique" was released on August 25, 2009 in two versions; a special two-disc edition with special features and a single disc edition with just the feature film. Both feature the English and French versions of the film. A Blu-ray format was also released.

</doc>
<doc id="20535194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535194" title="Strawberry Sex">
Strawberry Sex

"Strawberry Sex" is J-Pop singer Ken Hirai's 15th single overall. It was released on May 22, 2002 under the label DefSTAR Records. "Strawberry Sex" is the first track on his 5th studio album, "Life Is...".
"Strawberry Sex" was featured as the commercial song for the Honda That's car. The song was also performed by him in his concert tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20535195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535195" title="LNWR Class D">
LNWR Class D

The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) Class D was a class of 0-8-0 steam locomotives. They were simple engine rebuilds of earlier Webb Class A three-cylinder compound engines.
History.
Though the original rebuilds of the Class As had reused the existing small (4'3" diameter) boilers with 19.5" diameter cylinders (Class C, the smaller boilers could not raise adequate steam, so from 1906 the next 62 rebuilds (63 according to the LNWR Society) were rebuilt with a larger 5'2" diameter Experiment-type boilers, retaining the cylinders. These, from 1911, would be classified D. These rebuilds left smaller boilers available and so from 1906 rebuilds used these smaller boilers with smaller cylinders to Class C1.
To these compound rebuilds was added the prototype eight-coupled goods engine No. 2524 which was rebuilt with a larger boiler in 1906. Previously it had been similar to the Class C with a smaller boiler; though was not classified as such since the letter classification was introduced in 1911.
Numbering.
All Ds were numbered in the 18xx or 25xx series by the LNWR. All passed into LMS ownership in 1923, and the LMS assigned them the numbers 9002-64, sequentially in order of rebuild date.
The LMS rebuilt all of the Ds with the addition of superheating, taking them into Class G1, nicknamed "Super Ds" between 1925 and 1934. Many carried their LNWR numbers until rebuilt for a second time, and the LMS number thereafter. And thus the class was rendered extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="20535204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535204" title="Athenaeus of Attalia">
Athenaeus of Attalia

Athenaeus of Attalia (1st century AD), was a physician, and the founder of the Pneumatic school of medicine. He was born in Cilicia, at Attalia according to Galen, or at Tarsus according Caelius Aurelianus. He was the tutor to Theodorus, and appears to have practised medicine at Rome with great success.
He appears to have written extensively, as the twenty-fourth volume of one of his works is quoted by Galen, and the twenty-ninth by Oribasius. Nothing, however, remains but the titles (his chief work being Περὶ βοηθημάτων), and some fragments preserved by Oribasius.
Galen gives the following report:Athenaeus of Attaleia ... founded the medical school known as the Pneumatists.
It suits his doctrine to speak of a containing cause in illness since he bases himself upon the Stoics and he was a pupil and disciple of Posidonius ... Athenaeus’ three types are as follows: the first consists of containing causes, the second of preceding causes, and the third of the matter of antecedent causes: for this is what they call everything external to
the body which harms it and produces disease in it. If what is produced in the body belongs to the class of what causes disease, then, while it has not actually brought the disease about, it is called the preceding cause. Alterations are produced in the natural "pneuma" by these preceding causes together with those which are external antecedent causes, and with
the body moistened or desiccated, chilled or heated, these are said to be the containing causes of diseases.(Galen, "On Sustaining Causes" 2.1–4)

</doc>
<doc id="20535224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535224" title="Friedrichstadt (Dresden)">
Friedrichstadt (Dresden)

Friedrichstadt is a neighborhood in central Dresden, Germany. A factory district in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, it is known as the home of the founders of the artistic association known as Die Brücke.
History.
Once known as "Ostra", a Sorbian village going back to the year 1206, it was then turned into a manor farm for the elector's residence in Dresden. Augustus II the Strong of Saxony renamed the area "Neustadt" in 1730. This Neustadt should not to be confused with the neighborhood in Dresden now known as Neustadt, then called "Neue Königstadt". In 1731, the people of Neustadt again renamed their settlement, this time to "Friedrichstadt" after Augustus the Strong's son, future elector Frederick Augustus II, known in German as "Friedrich August II".
After the dawn of the Industrial Revolution, the city declared Friedrichstadt a factory district in 1878. The plight of the factory workers in this area became a common theme in the works of the artists of Die Brücke, who set up a studio in a former cobbler's shop.
A good deal of the Friedrichstadt was destroyed in the bombing on 13–14 February 1945. Many of the neighborhood's attractions have been rebuilt since then. 
Today Friedrichstadt is a mixed industrial, commercial, and residential neighborhood with almost 6,000 residents.
Attractions.
Yenidze.
A former cigarette factory built in 1907, now office building and restaurant/biergarten with an excellent view of the Dresden skyline.
Old Catholic cemetery.
The oldest grave is from 1724. Contains notable baroque, roccoco, and neoclassical gravestones. The final resting place of many famous Dresdeners as well as a number of victims of the Nazis. 
Palais Brühl-Marcolini and the Fountain of Neptune.
Built in 1719 as the summer residence of Ursula Katharina of Altenbockum, this palace, which now houses the Friedrichstadt hospital, contains Chinese and Pompeii-style rooms as well as the neighborhood's most famous fountain, the Fountain of Neptune. Other notable residents included Count Heinrich von Brühl and Count Camillo Marcolini. Napoleon also briefly lived in the palace in 1813.

</doc>
<doc id="20535226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535226" title="Jerry Hughes">
Jerry Hughes

Jerry Ray Hughes, Jr. (born August 13, 1988) is an American football linebacker and defensive end for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Texas Christian University, and was recognized twice as a consensus All-American. He was drafted by the Indianapolis Colts in the first round of the 2010 NFL Draft.
Early years.
Hughes received three varsity letters in football while attending Austin High School in Fort Bend County, Texas, where he played running back. As a senior in 2006 Jerry rushed for 1,412 yards and totaled 19 touchdowns to capture First-team All-District 20-5A honors. Hughes also earned First-team All District as a Kick Returner. Hughes also lettered in baseball where he played third base and pitcher.
Considered only a two-star recruit out of high-school by recruiting service "Rivals.com", Hughes failed to draw a lot of attention and only received a few scholarship offers. He picked TCU over Iowa State, Arizona State and North Texas.
College career.
Hughes accepted an athletic scholarship to attend Texas Christian University, and played for coach Gary Patterson's Texas Christian Horned Frogs football team from 2006 to 2009. Patterson recognized Hughes' natural athleticism and assigned him jersey number 98, usually reserved for defensive lineman. Before the season, Patterson worked Hughes in at defensive end, and he was able to earn playing time there as a freshman.
Once at TCU, Hughes was one of just four true freshmen to play for the Horned Frogs in 2006. He recorded his first career sack in a 31-17 win over Army. He played in all 13 games as sophomore in 2007, and recorded at least one tackle in each of those contests.
Taking over as a full-time starter as a junior in 2008, Hughes recorded 15 sacks, 18.5 tackles for a loss, 6 forced fumbles, 2 interceptions and returned one of those picks for a touchdown. He led the nation with his 15 sacks. He garnered first-team All-Mountain West Conference (MWC) and MWC Defensive Player of the Year honors, and was recognized as a consensus first-team All-American.
In 2009 Hughes had a career-high 54 tackles and 11.5 sacks (tied for 7th in NCAA). This Season, the Horned Frogs rank first in total defense, allowing just 233 yards per game and are sixth in the nation with 12.4 points allowed per game. He was a first-team All-Mountain West selection again, and was recognized as a unanimous first-team All-American. Additionally he was named the MWC Defensive Player of the Year for the second time in two years.
His career totals now include 28.5 sacks, 139 total tackles, 39 tackles-for-loss and seven forced fumbles. Hughes earned his bachelor's degree in communications from TCU in 2010.
Professional career.
2010 NFL Draft.
Since Hughes was selected by the Indianapolis Colts 31st overall in the 2010 NFL Draft, he recorded a total of 6 tackles in only 2 games as a rookie. He is the first TCU Horned Frog selected in the first round of an NFL Draft since LaDainian Tomlinson went fifth overall to the San Diego Chargers in the 2001 NFL Draft, and the first TCU defensive player selected in the first round since Bob Lilly, who was selected 13th overall by the Dallas Cowboys in the 1961 NFL Draft.
Indianapolis Colts.
During his rookie season of 2010, Hughes appeared in 12 games making 6 tackles.
In 2011, Hughes appeared in 12 games (started 1) making 13 tackles and 1 sack.
On November 16, 2012, Hughes was fined $21,000 for a late hit against the Jacksonville Jaguars in Week 10. He finished the 2012 season by appearing in all 16 games (started 6) with 32 tackles, 1 pass defended, and 4 sacks.
Buffalo Bills.
On April 29, 2013, the Colts traded Hughes to the Buffalo Bills for linebacker Kelvin Sheppard.
Hughes finished his first season with the Bills by making 46 tackles, 10 sacks and 2 forced fumbles in 16 games (1 started).
He was also named to the USA Today All-Joe Team.

</doc>
<doc id="20535235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535235" title="Kummanni">
Kummanni

Kummanni (Hittite: "Kummiya") was the name of the Anatolian kingdom of Kizzuwatna. Its location is uncertain, but is believed to be near the classical settlement of Comana in Cappadocia.
Kummanni was the major cult center of the Hurrian chief deity, Tešup. Its Hurrian name Kummeni simply translates as "The Shrine."
The city persisted into the Early Iron Age, and appears as Kumme in Assyrian records. It was located on the edge of Assyrian influence in the far northeastern corner of Mesopotamia, separating Assyria from Urartu and the highlands of southeastern Anatolia. Kumme was still considered a holy city in Assyrian times, both in Assyria and in Urartu]. Adad-nirari II, after re-conquering the city, made sacrifices to "Adad of Kumme." The three chief deities in the Urartian pantheon were "the god of Ardini, the god of Kumenu, and the god of Tushpa."

</doc>
<doc id="20535248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535248" title="Lysicles">
Lysicles

Lysicles may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20535262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535262" title="Sentimientos (album)">
Sentimientos (album)

"This is about the Latin pop album by Charlie Zaa, for the song by Ivy Queen see Sentimientos (Ivy Queen song) or for the song by José José see Sentimientos (José José song)." "Not to be confused with Sentimiento."
Sentimientos ("Feelings") is the title of a studio album released by Colombian performer Charlie Zaa. This album became his first number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums. The album given a Premio Lo Nuestro award for "Tropical Album of the Year".
Track listing.
The following information is from "Billboard".

</doc>
<doc id="20535263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535263" title="Co-Motion Cycles">
Co-Motion Cycles

Co-Motion Cycles is an American bicycle manufacturer located in Eugene, Oregon. The company was formed in 1988. It is owned by Dwan Shepard and Dan Vrijmoet. The company makes high-end tandem and single bicycles. Co-Motion offers both custom frames and ready-made frames in standard dimensions. Most frames in the company's current line-up are TIG-welded steel. 

</doc>
<doc id="20535282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535282" title="Wilkins Strait">
Wilkins Strait

Wilkins Strait () is a natural waterway through the central Canadian Arctic Archipelago. It is mostly in the Northwest Territories, although its eastern extremity is in Nunavut. It separates Borden Island (to the north) from Brock Island (to the south-west) and Mackenzie King Island (to the south).

</doc>
<doc id="20535290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535290" title="Rosa Rio">
Rosa Rio

Rosa Rio (June 2, 1902 – May 13, 2010), born Elizabeth Raub, was an American theater and motion picture organist known for production and arrangement. Rosa Rio began her career as a silent film accompanist. She became a leading organist on network radio for soap operas and dramas. She continued to perform until the age of 107, becoming one of the oldest performers in the music industry.
Life and Family.
Rio was raised in New Orleans. She began playing piano at the age of four and started taking lessons at the age of eight. At age nine she played piano at a silent movie theater for the first time. She studied music at Oberlin College and at the Eastman School of Music.
She married her professor at Eastman, organist John Hammond; they had a son, John Hammond III, who preceded her in death. The marriage ended in divorce. She later married Bill Yeoman, her husband of 63 years. She had three grandchildren, nine great-grandchildren, and a pet snail named Iowa.
Rosa Rio died on May 13, 2010, three weeks short of her 108th birthday.
Bill Yeoman, her husband, said that Raub adopted the stage name of Rosa Rio because it fitted easily on a theater marquee.
Motion Pictures.
As a theater organist, Rio performed in Syracuse, at Loews theaters in New York, at the Saenger Southeastern theater chain, the Scranton Paramount, Brooklyn Fox Theatre, RKO Albee, and the Brooklyn Paramount. She was working at the Saenger Theatre in her hometown of New Orleans when Al Jolson's "The Jazz Singer" was released, signaling the end of the silent film era.
Radio.
Known as "Queen of the Soaps," Rio worked for 22 years in radio, providing the organ background music for 24 radio soap operas and radio dramas, and playing an average of five to seven shows per day. Some days she went from one program immediately to another—as when "Lorenzo Jones" and "Bob and Ray" were adjacent on NBC's schedule during the early 1950s—with less than 50 seconds to run from one NBC studio to another . Some of the programs she played for included "Bob and Ray", "Ethel and Albert", "Front Page Farrell", "Lorenzo Jones", "My True Story", "The Shadow" and "When a Girl Marries".
During World War II she had her own radio show, "Rosa Rio Rhythms".
Television and Videos.
Rio made a smooth transition into television, playing for shows such as "As the World Turns" and "the Today Show". However, compared to radio, television offered fewer opportunities for work. Rio later moved to Connecticut, where she opened a music school with classes in voice, organ and piano.
During the 1980s, she provided scores and Hammond organ accompaniment to more than 370 silent films released on video by Video Yesteryear.
Late career.
In 1993, Rio moved to Hillsborough County in Florida, where she played accompaniment to silent films at the Tampa Theatre. It was from the stage of the Tampa Theatre in 2007 that she first publicly gave her real age, which she had kept to herself for decades due to age discrimination dating back to her network radio years . Because Rio never celebrated birthdays, some of her family members were not aware of her age until the night before her Tampa Theatre "confession." She celebrated her 107th birthday in June 2009.
Her organ arrangements are still in print.

</doc>
<doc id="20535303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535303" title="Sturgis Elleno Leavitt">
Sturgis Elleno Leavitt

Sturgis Elleno Leavitt (1888–1976) was the Kenan Professor of Spanish at the University of North Carolina, the author of many books on Spanish language and literature, the president of several Spanish language teaching organizations, an adviser to the U.S. State Department and for many years the chairman of the Southern Humanities Conference as well as editor of the "Hispanic Review".
Sturgis Leavitt was born on January 24, 1888, in Newhall, Maine, the son of William H. Leavitt and his wife Mary Ellen (Sturgis). After attending high school in nearby Gorham, Maine, Leavitt was educated at Bowdoin College, Brunswick, Maine, and then at Harvard University, where he graduated with a Ph.D. in 1917. Between stints at Harvard Graduate School, Leavitt taught at Jackson Military Academy in Missouri, Cushing Academy in Massachusetts, Northwestern University and at Harvard College.
Following his graduation from Harvard, where he was awarded the Sheldon Traveling Fellowship, Leavitt embarked on a trip to South America. For the next two years, he traveled between Peru, Bolivia, Chile, Argentina and Uruguay. Following his tour of South America, Leavitt returned to America, where he was offered a junior teaching job at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1917. Following his Harvard graduation, Leavitt eventually become full professor and later Kenan Professor of Spanish.
The Maine native's early days in the South as a professor of Spanish studies were not without trials. "In 1930 Southern colleges and universities lagged far behind the great Northern and (some) Western universities", writes professor Clifford Lyons of UNC Chapel Hill. "We had few distinguished scholars and most of them did not have access to a first-class university library." Eventually, because of the efforts of Leavitt and scholars like him, the universities and colleges of the south were able to build modern language departments of stature. "All that has changed, and I think SAMLA had a lot to do with it", writes Lyons. (In the part of the twentieth century, other notable Southern scholars in other fields also fled northward, including Yale University's Cleanth Brooks, a native of Kentucky, and Robert Penn Warren, writer, Yale professor and fellow Kentucky native.)
In 1935 the young Spanish professor and Maine native helped found and became editor of "The South Atlantic Bulletin", a publication addressed to the Southern Hemisphere of North America. The first issue appeared in May 1935 in broadside format, approximately 11x16 inches. The inaugural issue carried a statement of purpose which made clear that the bulletin would examine all aspects of the field, including the treatment of those teaching in it: 
"It Bulletin should publish, for example, descriptions of important collections in the libraries of the Southeast, and reviews and notices of scholarly publications by our members", Leavitt wrote. "It should also make known the results of investigations regarding the attitudes of school authorities toward research, sabbatical leaves, and related problems." Leavitt proposed to charge $1 for annual dues – a figure that held for the next 20 years (until 1955). Leavitt remained the Bulletin's editor until 1950, and managed to publish an issue on time each out of readers' annual dues.
In 1956 Leavitt was elected to the board of the national Modern Language Association, on which he served three years. He later served as Director of Inter-America Institute, a school for large groups of teachers and students from Latin American countries. Leavitt served as president of the AATSP from 1945–46, and as member of the editor's advisory council for "Hispania" magazine for many years. The bibliography that Leavitt maintained of Hispanic literature has been called one of his notable contributions to the field of Spanish language studies.
Sturgis Leavitt was awarded honorary degrees of Doctor of Letters by Davidson College and by his alma mater Bowdoin. In the citation Bowdoin College called Leavitt "one of the leading scholars and teachers of the Spanish language and literature in the United States", who had helped "bring about a better understanding with our neighbors to the South, showing what the academic world can do to strengthen inter-American ties."
In 1974 he was made a member of the Mexican Academy. The same year he was also installed as one of the first members of the Academy of Spanish Language in the United States. In 1972 he had been named one of the nation's top ten Spanish language scholars by a Madrid literary journal. 
The Sturgis Elleno Leavitt Award of the Southeastern Council of Latin American Studies, with which Leavitt was long associated, is named for him. Leavitt and his wife, the former Alga Webber, long lived at 718 East Franklin Street in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, where they built a New England-style white clapboard home.
Professor Leavitt's papers are deposited at the Manuscripts Department of the Library of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. The Maine native was a longtime member of the Mayflower Society. Leavitt died on March 3, 1976, at North Carolina Memorial Hospital; his wife Alga had died a decade earlier. Leavitt's teaching career at UNC spanned 43 years (1917–60), and until his death he worked each day at his desk in the University's Dey Hall, center of the language programs he helped nurture.
Leavitt's wife was an editor and writer who was the author of "Stories and Poems from the Old South: Edited by Mrs. Sturgis Elleno Leavitt (Alga Leavitt)" published by the Seeman Printery at Durham, North Carolina in 1923. An amateur actress, Alga Leavitt had earlier worked with author Thomas Wolfe at the Carolina Playmakers, an amateur theatrical group.

</doc>
<doc id="20535317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535317" title="Ardeadoris cruenta">
Ardeadoris cruenta

Ardeadoris cruenta is a species of very colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae. Its name is derived from the feminine form of the Latin word "cruentus", which means "stained with blood" and is a reference to the red spots on its upper dorsum.
Distribution.
This species is located in the tropical Western Pacific Ocean. Locations within its range include Queensland in Australia, the Lembeh Straits in northern Sulawesi and the Solomon Islands. This species of nudibranch is not common.
Description.
"Glossodoris cruenta" has a pale-lemon colored body with a bright yellow and white lined frilly mantle and foot. There are red dots in a circular pattern on its dorsum next to the mantle edge. Both its rhinophores and gills have the same pale-lemon color as its body, although there is some color variation among individuals. It reaches a length of at least 50 mm.
This species has similar coloring to the seaslug "Ardeadoris rubroannulata", although that species lacks the red dots present in "Ardeadoris cruenta".
Ecology.
Like many Chromodorids, this species feeds on sponges.

</doc>
<doc id="20535325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535325" title="Lincoln Prison">
Lincoln Prison

Lincoln Prison may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20535348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535348" title="Johnny Warsap">
Johnny Warsap

John William Benjamin "Johnny" Warsap (18 May 1921 – 7 May 1992) was an English professional association football player, who spent his entire career with Gillingham.
Career.
Born in Leytonstone, Warsap served with the Royal Berkshire Regiment during the Second World War. In 1945 he played for the regimental football team in a friendly against Gillingham, and his skills as an outside right caught the eye of Gillingham manager Archie Clark, who persuaded him to sign for the club as a professional later that year. He made 9 appearances and scored 8 goals as the club won the Kent League championship in the 1945–46 season. He was a semi-regular player in the Gills' team after the club joined the Southern Football League in 1946, making around 20 appearances each season over the following four seasons, and helping the club win the championship on two occasions. After the club gained re-election to The Football League at the end of the 1949–50 season, he found opportunities limited and only played nine times at the higher level over the course of three seasons. He scored his only Football League goal in 1 2–1 defeat to Bournemouth in April 1953. Although he did not play for the first team again after the 1953–54 season, he remained with the club until 1958, and was rewarded for his long service with a benefit match, jointly with Vic Niblett, against a British Army team in that year. After his retirement from professional football, he continued to play in local amateur leagues well into his fifties, while working in the gas industry. He died in Rochester in 1992, shortly before his 71st birthday.
He was buried at St Margaret's cemetery, Rochester, Kent
Personal life.
He had a son named Barry, who also played amateur football to a high standard in Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="20535351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535351" title="Salad Days (album)">
Salad Days (album)

Salad Days is a studio album by the artist Adrian Belew, originally released on February 9, 1999. It is a recording of acoustic/unplugged compositions both old and new.
A mix of solo Belew songs together with a few from the King Crimson era ("Three Of a Perfect Pair," "Dinosaur," etc.), the versions focus on Belew's songwriting rather than his exceptional six-string skills.

</doc>
<doc id="20535359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535359" title="1933 Wisconsin milk strike">
1933 Wisconsin milk strike

The 1933 Wisconsin milk strike was a series of strikes conducted by a cooperative group of Wisconsin dairy farmers in an attempt to raise the price of milk paid to producers during the Great Depression. Three main strike periods occurred in 1933, with length of time and level of violence increased during each one.
The cooperative milk pool attempted to coordinate their efforts with larger farm groups, specifically the National Farm Holiday Association and Wisconsin Farmers' Holiday Association. However, during each strike, the larger farm holiday groups ended their strikes prematurely leaving the milk pool to conduct its strike alone.
Rationale.
"Wisconsin's Past and Present" lists the price of evaporated milk from 1927 to 1929 as $4.79 / 100 lb with 46% to farmers, 33% to manufacturers and 21% to merchandisers. That price fell to an average of $3.48 / 100 lb, with individual farmers receiving a smaller percentage of the proceeds: 30.5% to farmers, 43% to manufacturers and 26.5% to merchandisers between 1930 to 1933. This decrease, combined with inflation during the Depression, put small farmers in an extremely difficult position. Farmers who produced milk for bottling were able to remain solvent, but those who produced milk for cheese, butter and other uses were driven into poverty. This created a kind of civil war between the two types of dairy farmers. Milk to be bottled was largely unaffected by the strikes.
In the 1930s, Wisconsin was the largest producer of milk in the United States. According to the 1930 decennial census, there were more than 125,000 dairy farms in the state. 63% of all land in Wisconsin was farmland and 71% of that land was used for dairy farming.
Methods employed in the strikes were initially to simply not sell milk unless a previously agreed upon price had been met. When the strikers realized they were grossly outnumbered and that some of the members were selling at a reduced price, they resorted to roadblocks to prevent milk deliveries to the manufacturers. Fixed road blocks were established and trucks were turned back if they contained milk. If they refused to turn back, the strikers forcibly dumped the milk at the roadside. In the early strikes, the deliveries simply took alternate routes to avoid the fixed roadblocks. During later strikes, the strikers took to the roads in search of delivery trucks and forced them to turn back as they were found. When they couldn't stop the deliveries, the strikers sometimes resorted to tainting the delivered milk with kerosene or oil, or in a few cases, throwing bombs at the creameries.
The state attempted to get milk to market by breaking up the road blocks or escorting convoys carrying milk to their destinations. Tear gas was employed to disburse larger groups of strikers and in one instance guardsmen with fixed bayonets forced farmers from their position. Railways and interurban trains were used to bypass the roadblocks, but some rail lines were blocked by strikers and at least one freight yard was infiltrated resulting in the dumping of the milk in the yard.
February strike.
The first set of strikes ran from February 15 to 22. They were mainly confined to strike strongholds centered around the area controlled by the Wisconsin Cooperative Milk Pool, led by Walter M. Singler, in the Fox Valley.
The first blood shed in the strike was reported to be near Appleton, Wisconsin, when milk convoy guards threw heavy objects like horse shoes at a group of 100 strikers.
May strike.
The second in the series of strikes ran from May 13 to 19. These strikes spread to a larger part of Wisconsin and resulted in more violence than the February strike.
National Guardsmen with fixed bayonets and tear gas forced pickets from Durham Hill in Waukesha County, May 16, 1933.
On May 16, a guardsman shot two teenagers, killing one of them, after they failed to stop their vehicle in Racine County.
On May 18, a farmer in his 50s was killed when he fell or was pushed from the running board of a milk delivery truck after it left a picket road block between Saukville and Grafton in Ozaukee County.
October-to-November strike.
The third series of strikes ran from October 21 to November 18 and a larger portion of Wisconsin was affected by them.
Creameries near Plymouth and Fond du Lac, Wisconsin were bombed around November 1, 1933. A cheese factory near Belgium, Ozaukee County, Wisconsin was dynamited and burned, the 4th of the week. Creameries in Krakow and Zachow, in Shawano County, Wisconsin, were bombed Friday, November 3, 1933. In all, seven creameries were bombed and thousands of pounds of milk were dumped.
On October 28, 1933, a 60-year-old farmer was killed at a picket line in the Town of Burke, Wisconsin after a single bullet was fired into the crowd by a passenger in a car stopped by the crowd. The farmer killed had not been part of the picket and was there delivering food to the strikers. The shooter had been angered over a headlight a striker had broken while the shooter's vehicle was running the picket line earlier in the night. The shooter was later sentenced to two to four years in prison after pleading guilty to manslaughter charges.
Aftermath.
Local newspapers reported that farmers lost $10 million during the strikes. After 1933, Singler's Cooperative Milk Pool purchased creameries to help increase the profits of its members, but the milk pool later faded into obscurity. The economy eventually improved, helping smaller farmers to earn more money, but it is not clear if the strikes aided this recovery.

</doc>
<doc id="20535364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535364" title="1920–21 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1920–21 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1920–21 campaign was Town's first season in the promised land of the top-flight. Unfortunately, the first season would be more a baptism of fire than a season of success. They would finish in 17th place, mainly after scoring only 42 goals in the league and that no one player got into double figures for Town.
Review.
After the previous season's successes in both Division 2 and FA Cup, many were wondering how Ambrose Langley's team would get on in the top-flight. After winning 5 of their first 6 games, Town were in line for a possible chance at the title, however the next 26 league games would only produce 3 more wins, which saw Town in the middle of a relegation battle.
Earlier in the season, a Mr. Herbert Chapman was brought in as the new club secretary and at the end of March, he replaced Langley as manager and in 4 of his 7 games, Town recorded the necessary wins which pulled Town out of any danger of relegation.

</doc>
<doc id="20535369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535369" title="Prince Gustav Adolf Sea">
Prince Gustav Adolf Sea

Prince Gustav Adolf Sea, an arm of the Arctic Ocean, is located in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.
It is situated amongst the islands of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. The sea is bounded on the west by Borden Island and Mackenzie King Island, and on the east by Ellef Ringnes Island. To the south is Lougheed Island. The sea opens into the Arctic Ocean to the north, and into the Byam Martin Channel and Maclean Strait to the south.
The Sea is named after Swedish king Gustav VI Adolf. 

</doc>
<doc id="20535383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535383" title="The Great Los Angeles Earthquake">
The Great Los Angeles Earthquake

The Great Los Angeles Earthquake is a 1990 television film about a massive earthquake that strikes Los Angeles, California. The movie stars Joanna Kerns in the movie's lead role, seismologist Clare Winslow, who tries to warn city leaders of the possibility that a powerful earthquake may strike southern California.
Plot.
The movie begins with a small tremor beginning in the hills outside of Los Angeles near a United States Geological Survey (USGS) research post. The scene then cuts to a teenage girl on a date with her boyfriend at the Earthquake Ride at Universal Studios Hollywood. The girl is later revealed to be Heather, daughter of Clare Winslow (Joanna Kerns), who is the chief seismologist of the U.S.G.S. office in Pasadena, California. A highly demanding job, it requires Clare to travel the world as at the beginning of the movie she has just returned from a month's long trip from Mexico City in which she reviewed data that was learned from the severe 1985 Mexico City Earthquake. This fact has caused some strain with Clare and her family, nevertheless her husband Steve (Dan Lauria) remains supportive of her job. 
Upon her return to southern California, Clare is alerted by her staff, among whom is her assistant Jerry Soloway (Ed Begley, Jr.), that they have been studying a series of tremors that have been taking place near the beachside community of Bombay Beach near Los Angeles. The tremors are occurring along California's famed San Andreas Fault and after reviewing the data Clare reluctantly decides that the U.S.G.S. should raise a mid-level C earthquake alert, fearing that a significant earthquake could be imminent. She is advised by her boss and friend Ray Goodrich (Richard Herd), director of the main U.S.G.S office in Virginia, to review the data a little more before making her call. Goodrich turns out to be right as it is revealed that the tremors are just normal activity along the fault. In an effort to support some interest, and hopefully some money, for the U.S.G.S., Goodrich convinces Clare to accept an informative interview with Kevin Conrad (Richard Masur), a sensationalist television reporter. Reluctant Clare agrees only to later on have the interview blow up in her face when Conrad prematurely airs a highly edited version of the interview which raises the notion that an earthquake is imminent, which ultimately creates a political firestorm. At the same time Clare and her team begin to notice some unusual activity along the lesser known Newport-Inglewood Fault. Analyzing this information, she is able to conclude that there is a better-than-average chance that a massive earthquake will strike and cause severe damage to Southern California ... and the likelihood of said earthquake happening is imminent, just along another fault. 
Clare's husband Steve happens to be working closely with high-powered and wealthy real estate developer Warren Cates (Robert Ginty) who faces losing money and his socio-political reputation from public fear of the possibility of the earthquake. Warren threatens Clare and attempts to have her fired from her job which puts some tension between Steve and Clare. Nevertheless, Clare tries to alert the more skeptical city and state government officials including Chad Spaulding (Joe Spano) of the Office of Emergency Management. Her releationship with Spaulding is severely strained for many reasons. First it is learned that Spaulding owes his highly political job to the likes of Warren Cates, who pressures Spaulding into squashing any public reminders that Southern California is overdue for a big quake. Additionally it is hinted at several times throughout the film that two years previously Clare and her team had convinced Spaulding, along with city and state politicians, that a big quake was imminent leading to a series of public emergency preparations. In the end, however, the prediction turned out to be a false warning, creating a public embarrassment, explaining the reasons for Clare's reluctance to raise an alert, despite convincing evidence. Fearing embarrassment and possible political fallout from this new threat, Spaulding decides to ignore her warnings.
As this unfolds, Clare's family dynamic is further explored through her strained, though loving, relationship with teenage daughter Heather (Holly Fields), which is mirrored by the relationship of Clare's mother Anita Parker (Bonnie Bartlett) and Clare's sister Laurie (Lindsay Frost), who are estranged from one another due to Anita's open resentment of Laurie's romantic relationship with L.A.P.D. officer Matt (Alan Autry).
As the tremors continue several other anomalies begin to occur that continue to raise Clare's concern. A severe drop in oil well pressure from the Baldwin Hills oil wells located outside the city in addition to a major methane gas rapture along Farfaix Avenue in Hollywood are all anomalies Clare has seen predate big earthquakes in the past. Clare's warning falls on deaf ears, however, she is vindicated after a moderate 5.7 quake strikes the city causing only some moderate damage. Clare and her team are received favorably by the press as it is felt that there attention to the warning signs predicted the quake, albeit a smaller one. Nevertheless after reviewing data she and Soloway realize that the moderate quake was only a foreshock and that a much larger quake is just around the corner. Worrying her even more is that the quake occurred at the intersection of the Newport-Inglewood and Whittier Fault faults, along the lesser known but highly dangerous Elysian Park Fault, which runs directly under downtown Los Angeles and Hollywood. After reviewing her findings with other U.S.G.S. offices and Cal-Tech State University, Clare alerts Goodrich in Virginia that she in accordance with other U.S.G.S. offices in the state agree to raise an A level earthquake alert for Southern California, calling for a quake of a least a magnitude 7.0 to occur within the next 72 hours. 
Warning city officials, it is agreed not to go public until the city and the state have all their preparations in place. Nonetheless, Kevin Conrad discovers the story and ultimately broadcasts a news conference to alert citizens of the looming threat. For most residents, however, it will already be too late. Not long after preparations and evacuations begin, the long-feared earthquake strikes when Elysian Park Fault gives way. An initial shock of magnitude 8.0 followed shortly by an aftershock of magnitude 7.2 causes massive damage and kills thousands - among the victims is Anita, who had been trapped in a high-rise condominium elevator with Laurie during the quake. During the time that they are trapped, they reconcile shortly before Laurie is rescued by other survivors, but Anita is less fortunate and dies when the elevator crashes to the bottom of the shaft (during an aftershock, which happens just as she is within grasp of a rescuer). Another victim is Miguel, son of Clare's housekeeper Sonia, who is crushed and fatally injured during the collapse of his high school gymnasium during his graduation rehearsal. Steve Winslow is thought to be dead after being crushed by a wall at the airport, but he is revealed to have survived the quake at the end of the film.
More gratifying deaths include those of Warren Cates, who is thrown to his death from his skyscraper window; and Chad Spaulding, who (during a major aftershock) is electrocuted while attempting to escape from the USGS safety bunker beneath City Hall — after which his body is crushed beneath tons of office furniture, which come crashing down as the ceiling collapses. A more redeeming storyline is that of Kevin Conrad, who is transformed from a cutthroat reporter looking for a hot story into a more sensitive and humanitarian character deeply affected by the tragedy and devastation; at the end of the movie, during a live remote, Conrad tearfully remarks that the death toll could top the number of casualties seen during the American Civil War — just before the live transmission is lost.
The remainder of the movie centers on the political and social fallout following the earthquake, and Winslows' attempts to reunite with her family (from whom she had become separated).
The epilogue of the film states the likelihood of major earthquakes striking several American citites in the next several years along with their expected magnitudes. At the end it is stated that of all the cities mentioned Los Angeles is currently the most prepared city.
Broadcast History.
The movie was aired over a two night period on NBC during November 1990. There had been some public interest in earthquakes following the Loma Prieta Earthquake which rocked San Francisco in October 1989, and in addition seismologist at the time were predicting a massive earthquake to strike along the New Madrid Fault line, which runs along the Mississippi River, an event which ultimately did not occur. 
The original airing included a number of scenes and subplots that were removed from later airings; one of the excised storylines included an assassination attempt on South African trade minister David Motubu (Brock Peters), who is under the protection of security agent Roy Bryant (Clarence Gilyard, Jr.). The earthquake thwarts the assassin's initial attempt on Motubu's life, although Motubu's personal guard and Bryant's partner are both killed. Although Laurie's police officer boyfriend Matt (who is Bryant's good friend) tries to intervene in the destroyed streets of L.A., Roy falls victim to the assassin's gunfire, but only before Motubu kills the assassin himself. 
The miniseries was re-aired in the Spring of 1991, sans the above mentioned scenes were cut from the film in order to have it run in a three-hour time slot on one night. The cuts nevertheless left the film running short so scenes that were excised from the films original airing, were broadcast in this airing. In subsequent years the movie would periodically be re-run over the Lifetime movie channel, however, its was drastically cut in order to fit a two-hour time slot. This led to a lot of scenes and subplots to be deleted, in addition to a lot of plot lines not being resolved. 
All scenes were restored for the mini-series DVD release.

</doc>
<doc id="20535399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535399" title="Bornellidae">
Bornellidae

Bornellidae is a family of sea snails or sea slugs, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Tritonioidea.
This family is within the clade Cladobranchia (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Taxonomy.
The family Bornellidae consists of the following subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):

</doc>
<doc id="20535402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535402" title="Bornella stellifer">
Bornella stellifer

Bornella stellifer is a species of colorful sea slug, a nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bornellidae.

</doc>
<doc id="20535437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535437" title="U.S. ratification of the Convention on the Rights of the Child">
U.S. ratification of the Convention on the Rights of the Child

The United States has signed the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child (UNCRC), but is one of three UN members not to have ratified it (other non-ratifying members being Somalia and South Sudan). In November 2013, Somalia re-committed itself to ratifying the convention, and South Sudan's parliament has passed a bill to ratify the convention. This will leave the U.S. as the only non-ratifying member of the UN.
The UNCRC aims to protect and promote the rights of all children around the world. It was the first international treaty to integrate all human rights in reference to children, allowing them to participate in family, cultural and social aspects of life. It emphasizes the right to survival, development, and protection against abuse, neglect and exploitation. It also addresses issues with education, health care, juvenile justice and the rights of children with disabilities.
Constitutional requirements.
Under the United States Constitution, the ratification of treaties involves several steps. Firstly, the president or his representative would negotiate, agree and sign a treaty, which would then be submitted to the U.S Senate for its "advice and consent". At that time the President would explain and interpret all provisions in the treaty. If the Senate approves the treaty with a two-thirds majority, it goes back to the President who can ratify it. 
History and status.
The United States government played an active role in the drafting of the Convention. It commented on nearly all of the articles, and proposed the original text of seven of them. Three of these come directly from the United States Constitution and were proposed by the administration of President Ronald Reagan. The Convention was adopted by the UN General Assembly on 20 November 1989 and came into effect on 2 September 1990. 
On 16 February 1995, Madeleine Albright, at the time the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, signed the Convention. However, though generally supportive of the Convention, President Bill Clinton did not submit it to the Senate. Likewise, President Bush did not submit the Convention to the Senate. President Barack Obama has described the failure to ratify the Convention as 'embarrassing' and has promised to review this. The Obama administration has said that it intends to submit the Convention to the Senate, but there is no set timeline for it.
States may when ratifying the Convention, ratify subject to reservations or interpretations. Besides other obligations, ratification of the Convention would require the United States to submit reports, outlining its implementation on the domestic level, to the U.N. Committee on the Rights of the Child, a panel of child rights experts from around the world. Parties must report initially two years after acceding to (ratifying) the Convention and then every five years.
Support.
Many organizations in the United States support ratification of the Convention, including groups that work with children such as the Girl Scouts and the Kiwanis.
The Campaign for U.S. Ratification of the Convention on the Rights of the Child argues that criticisms mentioned by opponents of the convention "are the result of misconceptions, erroneous information, and a lack of understanding about how international human rights treaties are implemented in the United States", and that ratification "would establish a useful framework from which our leaders could create cost-effective and comprehensive policies and programs that address the specific needs of children and families."
The Campaign for U.S. Ratification of the Convention on the Rights of the Child is a volunteer-driven network that includes attorneys, child and human rights advocates, educators, members of religious and faith based communities, non-governmental organizations (NGOs), students and other concerned citizens. They help to promote the ratification of the UNCRC. This campaign began in 2002 and works through a national Steering Committee, campaign meetings, youth advisory council and special events with many different partners involved. Its campaign is guided by its mission statement: "Our mission is to bring about ratification and implementation of the CRC in the United States. We will achieve this through mobilizing our diverse network to educate communities on the Convention, thereby creating a groundswell of national support for the treaty, and by advocating directly with our government on behalf of ratification."
Opposition.
Opposition to ratification by some religious groups, some of whom claim it conflicts with the United States Constitution, has apparently played a significant role in the non-ratification of the treaty so far.
Active opposition to the Convention in the United States has been concentrated in politically conservative groups., page 83 Senator Jesse Helms, the former chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, described it as a "bag of worms," an effort to "chip away at the U.S. Constitution."
Some Americans oppose the CRC with the reasoning that the nation already has in place everything the treaty espouses, and that it would make no practical difference.
Sovereignty and federalism.
Legal concerns over ratification have mostly focused on issues of sovereignty and federalism. Meanwhile, the U.S. Supreme Court has held that to some significant degree, no government—federal, state, or local—may interfere with the parent-child relationship.
The Heritage Foundation sees the conflict as an issue of international control over domestic policy: "Although not originally promoted as an entity that would become involved in actively seeking to shape member states' domestic policies, the U.N. has become increasingly intrusive in these arenas. They express concern about "sovereign jurisdiction, over domestic policymaking" and "preserving the freedom of American Civil Society", and argue that the actual practice of some UN Committees has been to review national policies that are unrelated, or are marginally related to the actual language of the Convention.
Convention supporters point out that, under the Supremacy Clause of the U.S. Constitution, the Convention cannot override the Constitution because no treaty can override the Constitution (Reid v. Covert 354 U.S. 1 (1957)). In addition, as a "non-self-executing treaty", the convention does not grant any international body enforcement authority over the U.S. and/or its citizens, but merely obligates the U.S. federal government to submit periodic reports on how the provisions of the treaty are being met (or not). The sole enforcement mechanism within the Convention is the issuing of a written report.
Death penalty and life imprisonment.
Article 37 of the Convention prohibits sentencing children under 18 years old to death or life imprisonment with no opportunity for parole. The United States currently complies with this article after three successive Supreme Court decisions:
In 2002, 22 U.S. states allowed for the execution of juvenile offenders. This ceased after the 2005 Supreme Court decision "Roper v. Simmons", which found juvenile execution unconstitutional as "cruel and unusual punishment". The decision cited the Convention as one of several indications that "the United States now stands alone in a world that has turned its face against the juvenile death penalty".
The 2010 decision "Graham v. Florida" prohibited the sentencing of juveniles to life imprisonment without the possibility of parole for non-homicide crimes. As of the Graham decision, six U.S. states prohibited such sentences in all cases.
The June 2012 Supreme Court decision Miller v. Alabama certiori to the Court of Criminal Appeals of Alabama, No. 10-9646 (Argued March 20, 2012 - Decided June 25, 2012), majority opinion delivered by Justice Elena Kagan, held that mandatory sentences of life without the possibility of parole are unconstitutional for juvenile offenders.
Parental rights.
Some supporters of homeschooling have expressed concern that the Convention will subvert the authority of parents.
One of the most controversial tenets of the Convention are the participatory rights granted to children. The Convention champions youth voice in new ways. Article 12 states:
Smolin, otherwise a proponent who urges U.S. reservations to the convention, argues that Article 5, which includes a provision stating that parents "provide, in a manner consistent with the evolving capacities of the child, appropriate direction and guidance in the exercise by the child of the rights recognized in the present Convention", "is couched in language which seems to reduce the parental role to that of giving advice"., pages 81 & 90 The Campaign for U.S. Ratification of the Convention on the Rights of the Child argues that the Convention protects parental responsibility from government interference.
David Smolin argues that Article 29 limits the fundamental right of parents and others to educate children in private school by requiring that all such schools support the principles contained in the United Nations Charter and a list of specific values and ideals. He argues that "Supreme Court case law has provided that a combination of parental rights and religious liberties provide a broader right of parents and private schools to control the values and curriculum of private education free from State interference.
The Campaign for the U.S. Ratification of the CRC provides information rebutting this and other proposed conflicts. The CRC does not outline any specific interference with school curriculums, nor would ratification prevent parents from homeschooling their children. In addition, it recognizes the family "as the fundamental group of society and the natural environment for the growth and well-being of all its members and particularly children..." (Preamble to the CRC) and repeatedly underscores the pivotal role parents play in their children's lives. (Particularly with regard to Articles 3, 5, 7-10, 14, 18, 22, and 27.1) Under the Convention, parental responsibility is protected from government interference. Article 5 states that Governments should respect the rights, responsibilities, and duties of parents to raise their children. There is no language in the CRC that dictates the manner in which parents are to raise and instruct their children.
Professor Geraldine Van Bueren, the author of the principal textbook on the international rights of the child, and a participant in the drafting of the Convention, has described the "best interest of the child standard" in the treaty as "provid decision and policy makers with the authority to substitute their own decisions for either the child's or the parents' ";
The CRC upholds all primary rights of parents and their roles regarding their children throughout the entire document. It states that the government should respect the responsibility of parents, and include guidance for nurturing their children. The Convention also places responsibility on the government to protect and assist families.
Issues within Parental Rights.
1. The treaty addresses parental discipline and discipline in schools. There is a concern that it will eliminate parents' right to discipline. The convention does not eliminate that right as parents. It simply states that children should be protected from all forms of mental or physical violence and maltreatment. In most countries, laws are already in place regarding punishment of children that are considered abuse. The UNCRC does not specify what discipline can be used, but enforces parents to provide guidance and direction to children instead of punishment. Educational discipline is addressed by eliminating mental or physical abuse and violence. Dress codes and singing the national anthem are not addressed and left to the school officials and governments to determine if either should be protected.
2. The age of children and their ability to understand the UNCRC and the rights they get are an issue as well. Parents' decisions on how they address the UNCRC will help the development of children. Just because they are young doesn't mean that helping them understand is pushing them to make choices and consequences that are too hard to handle at their age. Parental guidance should help children evolve and teach them to respect their own and others rights. 
3. Another issue is if the UNCRC will give the children more rights than parents. The UNCRC does not intend to give children authority over parents. Specifically article 12 does not interfere with parents' rights and responsibility over children, only encourage parents to listen to children's opinions and involve them in any decision making that has an effect on them. The UNCRC encourages an atmosphere of mutual respect between child and parent. Parents still have control over their children, they can expect children to help around the house. The Convention only prohibits work that is harmful to their health or interfere with education.
Other Arguments.
David Smolin argues that the objections from religious and political conservatives stem from their view that the U.N. is an elitist institution, which they do not trust to properly handle sensitive decisions regarding family issues. He suggests that legitimate concerns of critics could be met with appropriate reservations by the U.S., page 110

</doc>
<doc id="20535438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535438" title="I Blast Off!">
I Blast Off!

I Blast Off! is the second EP by Black Cat #13. It was released in 2000 on 31G Records.
Vinyl information.
1st Press:<br>
2nd Press:<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20535439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535439" title="Neil Siegel">
Neil Siegel

Neil Gilbert Siegel (born 19 February 1954) is an American computer scientist, systems engineer, and engineer, known for his development of many key systems for the United States military, including the Blue-Force Tracking system, the US Army's first unmanned air vehicle system, the US Army forward-area air defense system, and many others. Several of his key inventions also found their way into consumer products, such as hand-held devices (e.g., GPS user devices, the iPhone, etc.) whose map displays automatically orient themselves to align with the real-world's cardinal points.
Early life and work.
Siegel was born in Brooklyn, New York, but has lived most of his life in the area southwest of Los Angeles, California. He attended the University of Southern California, earning degrees in Mathematics. During and after this time, he worked as a professional musician, mostly performing folk and classical music from the Balkans and the Middle East. Later, he earned a Ph.D. in systems engineering (also from USC), where his Ph.D. advisor was noted computer scientist Barry Boehm.
In 1976, he began work at what was then TRW (acquired by Northrop Grumman in 2002).
Recent work and recognition.
Starting in 1993, he led an organization at TRW that developed one-of-a-kind automation systems for the US military and (to a lesser extent) commercial companies. This organization achieved significant business success, growing rapidly every year during his tenure as leader (which continued until 2001). They created many new products whose general theme was automation support to decision-makers who operate in complex and stressful environments. In additional to the US Army and the US Air Force, customers during this time included the US steel industry and the movie industry.
In 1993, his team fielded the US Army's first fully automated command-and-control system, the Forward-Area Air Defense C2 System. This system is still in use today.
In 1995, his team won the contract to develop the US Army's first "digital battlefield" system, called Force-XXI Battle Command Brigade and Below (generally known by the acronym FBCB2). This has resulted in a highly regarded capability for the US, now used by the Marine Corps, as well as the Army.
Also in 1995, his team delivered the US Army's first automated command post, which has been followed by a long series of related capabilities to the present time.
In 1997, he was given responsibility for "fixing" the Hunter UAV program, the US Army's first unmanned air vehicle. The program had suffered a series of crashes during testing, and was nominally "cancelled". During his tenure, the program became one of the US' most reliable unmanned air vehicles, and is still in service. The Hunter entered operational service in 1999 in the Balkans.
His personal science and engineering contributions have centered around how to implement large, mobile, "ad hoc" radio networks over relatively low data-rate carriers, focusing on what he calls "infrastructureless" networks (e.g., no fixed infrastructure, such as cell-phone towers, repeaters, etc.) and techniques for achieving acceptable dynamics through what he calls "force-structure-aware" networks. He has been a pioneer in large-scale deployments of GPS-enabled applications] (like the Blue-Force Tracking system). He has also been active in the field of structuring large-scale software developments so as to match the skill distribution encountered in real-world teams. 
Since mid-2001, he has been the chief technology officer of TRW's Systems (now Northrop Grumman Mission Systems). His work during this time has extended his earlier work in infrastructureless networks, force-structure-aware networks, and large-scale system engineering methodologies.
Awards and honors.
Siegel has received a number of awards and honors, including:
Consumer Electronics.
Siegel has had a major impact on the design and capabilities of many types of mobile consumer electronics, including smart phones, GPS receivers, and so forth. He is the documented earliest creator of many important technologies that are widely used today in these devices, including:
Personal background.
Siegel is an experienced musician who plays the târ and ney., who has more than 1,000 concerts to his credit worldwide.
He is married to Robyn Friend, a writer, dancer, and singer, with whom he has performed all over the world during the last 30 years. He is the older half brother of actor and singer Jack Black.

</doc>
<doc id="20535457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20535457" title="St Margaret's Church, Ifield">
St Margaret's Church, Ifield

St Margaret's Church is an Anglican church in the Ifield neighbourhood of Crawley, a town and borough in West Sussex, England. It is the ancient parish church of the village of Ifield; the medieval settlement was expanded to form one of the New Town of Crawley's 13 neighbourhoods, and the church's modern parish now serves several other neighbourhoods as well.
The present building incorporates the chancel from a 13th-century church which may have replaced a wooden building of two or three centuries earlier. Additions in the 14thcentury included stone effigies representing a knight and his wife, considered to be excellent examples of such sculptures. More structural changes took place at regular intervals, and a major Victorian restoration by architect Somers Clarke included an extension to the nave and a new tower. English Heritage has listed the church at Grade I because of its architectural and historical importance.
The churchyard has many old tombs and monuments, including writer Mark Lemon's grave and an elaborately decorated table tomb, which is listed separately by English Heritage at Grade II. Further memorials adorn the interior walls. Internal fixtures include a 12th-century font with unusual decorative carvings.
History.
The ancient parish of Ifield covered about of rural land in the north of Sussex, up to the border with Surrey. It was attached to the priory at nearby Rusper by the mid-13th century. The church was built in the centre of the small settlement of Ifield, which was recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086. The present stone building is believed to stand on the site of an older wooden church—possibly dating from the 10th or 11th century.
By the 13th century, the church had a stone-built nave and chancel; the latter survives in the present building, as does a 12th-century font which was probably taken from the building in place at that time. A chancel arch was inserted between the nave and chancel in about 1300. The dedication to Saint Margaret is later: it was first recorded in 1489.
Aisles were added to the nave in the 14th century, first on the north side and then on the south, doubling the seating capacity. More windows were also installed in the nave. A century later, a timber porch was built on the north side, the chancel arch was widened and a rood screen was installed, a standard feature of churches in the medieval era, as were wall decorations and paintings. Ecclesiastical feeling moved in favour of austere, whitewashed walls, screens and pillars by the 17th century, and Parliament decreed these changes in the 1640s. The vicar of Ifield, Reverend Robert Goddin, was a strict Protestant who was strongly opposed to Catholic-style worship, ceremony and church decoration, and he enforced the new style rigorously. The rood screen and all internal decoration were removed at this time.
The next major work took place in 1760, when a gallery was built for the choir and the pews were replaced with large box-pews taken from St Margaret's Church, Westminster (the parish church of the Palace of Westminster in London). More restoration took place in 1785. In 1847, the roof was improved and a vestry was built, incorporating wood from one of Crawley's famous old trees, the "County Oak", which had been cut down at that time. (The tree marked the ancient county boundary between Sussex and Surrey.) A barrel organ was installed in 1850. Between 1883 and 1884, architect and archaeologist Somers Clarke and fellow architect J. T. Micklethwaite built a tall, substantial tower at the west end to replace an earlier small tower over the porch (which had itself replaced the much older bell turret); lengthened the nave; and removed a gallery at the west end of the church.
The exterior walls are of rough-hewn stone, but this has been hidden under modern layers of cement. The church is approached from the east through a lychgate at the end of Ifield Street, the ancient village street.
Architecture.
St Margaret's Church has a chancel, wide nave with a narrow clerestory above and narrow three-bay aisles on the north and south sides, a tall tower (topped with a spire) at the west end and a porch on the north side. The nave, chancel and chancel-arch all date from the 13th century. The aisles and their arcades are largely unaltered from their 14th-century origins: between them they feature various mouldings and designs typical of that period, including chamfered arches, octagonal columns and squinch corners. Many of the windows also date from that century, while others are a century later; trefoil-headed designs predominate, but there are some larger square-headed Perpendicular Gothic windows as well. Several other windows contain stained glass. The roof of the nave is tall and steeply pitched, with substantial king posts and tie-beams. It is also of medieval origin.
Architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner considered the tower to be "perplexing", but described its windows and double internal arch as "odd and very effective details". Unusually, it is rendered with roughcast in the same way as the body of the church, producing a "heavy" effect. It has three tall lancet windows on the lower stage, and a much smaller lancet above. The three lancets depict the Resurrection, Crucifixion and Ascension of Jesus Christ respectively.
Many of the internal fittings date from the 19th-century renovations. The baptismal font is by far the oldest feature of the church, dating from the late 12th century. Made of local marble, it has an intricately carved stem flanked by four columns topped with delicate leaf-like capitals and roll mouldings, ornamentation uncommon on a Norman-era font. Its form is otherwise typical: a deep square bowl supported by a wide central column and four narrower shafts. -->
Memorials and churchyard.
At the east end of the nave are two large 14th-century stone effigies, survivors of the 17th-century upheaval and all subsequent changes to the church, and now considered to be "high quality" examples of their kind. They are life-size representations of a knight in a full suit of armour and a woman, both lying on their backs in prayer. Most sources identify them as John de Ifelde (Sir John of Ifield) and his wife, Lady Margaret. There is some disagreement over their date of death and the date the effigies were carved, although 1340 is most often cited. The figures may have been carved in London rather than locally. Their heads rest on angels and their feet on lions. Pevsner had great praise for the effigies, noting that they were "far above the usual standard" and had an "inimitable sideways sway". Such carved effigies are rare in Sussex—it is more common to find empty plinths or recesses where they once stood—and there are only three other recorded examples in the county.
Mark Lemon, the founding editor of the satirical magazine "Punch", lived in the parish in the mid-19th century. He owned Vine Cottage on Crawley High Street, which formed the boundary between Ifield parish and the Crawley parish of St John the Baptist. He often worshipped at St John the Baptist's, which was much closer, but was buried at St Margaret's in 1870.
A large table tomb at the west end of the churchyard is listed separately by English Heritage as a GradeII-listed structure. Dating from about 1800, it contains the remains of George and Mary Hutchinson. The structure is of pale (but heavily weathered) stone, including a two-step plinth, with various inscriptions on the sides, topped with a carved urn decorated with putti. The Grade II listing was given on 23February 1983.
There are several other large tombs from the 18th century in the churchyard—some of which are good examples of the use of artificial Coade stone, popular at the time—and several brass and stone memorial tablets inside the church from the 16th century onwards. George Hutchinson has a prominent wall memorial in the chancel in addition to his tomb outside; local sculptor Richard Joanes designed it, and there are Coade stone embellishments. Other carved tablets, such as those to Reverend Lewin and Nicholas Spencer, are by obscure London-based mid-19th-century sculptor T. Marsh.
Parish and church today.
St Margaret's was listed at Grade I by English Heritage on 23 February 1983. It is one of the three Grade I buildings, and 100 listed buildings of all grades, in the Borough of Crawley. Buildings classified as Grade I are considered to be of "exceptional interest" and national importance.
The present-day parish of Ifield covers the west of Crawley and its rural hinterland. The A23 and A2220 roads, between County Oak and the A264, form the eastern and southern boundaries. Beyond the edge of the Ifield West estate, the boundary extends to Faygate and the farms and rural roads around that hamlet. The northern border is close to the county boundary with Surrey and the southern edge of Gatwick Airport.
St Margaret's serves as the parish church of Ifield parish, which has four churches—one in each of the neighbourhoods it covers—and a church plant venue at Ifield West (part of the Ifield neighbourhood). A team rector, responsible for the running of all four churches and their pastoral care, is based at St Margaret's. Bewbush is served by St Mary Magdalene's Church in the far southwest of the parish. St Alban's Church, a brick building with a tall bell tower, is in nearby Gossops Green, and Langley Green is served by St Leonard's Church. All of these churches were built after the Second World War, when the new town was designed.

</doc>
