<doc id="20359181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359181" title="Manolis Roubakis">
Manolis Roubakis

Emmanouil "Manolis" Roubakis (; born 6 January 1979) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for Episkopi in the Greek Football League 2. Despite being right-footed, his natural position is a left back; however, he's comfortable playing in both flanks of the defence.
Roubakis spent the majority of his career at Crete-based clubs, with a brief six-month spell at Panathinaikos. He has appeared in over 200 Greek first division matches and he is one of the few footballers who have played for each of the three big clubs of Heraklion; OFI Crete, Ergotelis and Atsalenios.
Playing career.
Early career.
Roubakis was born in Heraklion, Crete and started his career at the youth academy of Atsalenios in 1994. In 1998, he made his debut with the first team in a Delta Ethniki match against AO Chalkida and since then he was considered an indispensable member of the local Heraklion club. He scored 4 goals for Atsalenios in the 2000–01 Delta Ethniki.
First tenure at OFI Crete.
In December 2001, Roubakis signed a 4-year contract with OFI Crete in the Alpha Ethniki; however, he joined his new club in January 2002, as Atsalenios needed him to play in 4 additional Delta Ethniki matches. He made his league debut on 3 February 2002, in an away match against Ethnikos Asteras which OFI won 3–2, coming as a substitute for Manolis Dermitzakis in the 75th minute. By the time Roubakis left OFI three years later, he made a total of 58 league appearances for the club and scored the winning goal in a 2–1 away victory against Aris on 28 September 2003.
Move to Panathinaikos.
In January 2005, Roubakis was transferred to Panathinaikos FC for a reported fee of about 200K Euros and he signed a contract until summer 2009. This move was welcomed as a "dream come true" by the player, himself reporting that Panathinaikos was the club he supported as a child – however, the fans of OFI had a different opinion, accusing OFI's board of dishonesty, as (according to the fans) the board members promised they wouldn't sell Roubakis to Panathinaikos during the winter transfer period.
Roubakis never met Panathinaikos's expectations during his time there and only made 4 league appearances until the end of the 2004–05 season. After his fourth (and last) appearance for Panathinaikos on 27 February 2005 in a home match against Kerkyra, Roubakis was booed from the crowd due to his poor performance – he was substituted in the 51st minute by Panathinaikos manager Zdeněk Ščasný and never used again.
Return to OFI Crete.
Roubakis was eventually released from Panathinaikos and returned to OFI in July 2005, signing a two-year contract. He made 25 appearances in the 2005–06 Alpha Ethniki, a season which ended with mixed feelings for the team, as the top-half favorites only escaped relegation during the league's final matchdays.
After OFI's disappointing previous season, Roubakis vowed to never repeat the team's poor performance and he set the goal towards continental qualification for the following 2006–07 season. Roubakis scored a goal 46 seconds after kick-off in an away game against Iraklis and contributed to another goal in the same match, which ended in a 3–2 victory for OFI. He scored another goal on 17 March 2007 in an away game against Egaleo, after an assist by Joseph Nwafor. Roubakis finished the season with 26 appearances, with OFI qualifying for the 2007 UEFA Intertoto Cup after PAOK's refusal to take part in it.
Before the start of the 2007–08 season, Roubakis was linked to newly promoted Beta Ethniki champions Asteras Tripoli, but a move did not materialize – instead, he voted by his OFI teammates as third captain behind Goran Drulić and Pierre Issa. However there was no smooth sailing both for OFI manager Reiner Maurer and Roubakis after a bad start in the league, with OFI fans demanding the resignation of the former and contempting the latter for poor performance and for joining rival Panathinaikos three years before. Despite this, Roubakis managed to make 25 appearances for the club during that season.
In 2008, Roubakis, after seven years at OFI and continuous appearances in the first team, was considered a key player for yet another season. Until the end of the 2008–09 Superleague he earned 22 appearances to his name as well as OFI's only red cards for the season during 2 home matches against AEK Athens and Panathinaikos; however, OFI was relegated from the first division for the first time in 33 years.
Ergotelis.
Roubakis signed a two-year contract with Ergotelis in July 2009. During his first season with Ergotelis, the club's manager Nikos Karageorgiou switched Roubakis' natural left back position to a defensive midfielder one, as he was trying to support fellow defensive midfielder Manoel Júnior – both coped well, leading the championship's steal charts. Roubakis finished the 2009–10 season with 24 appearances to his name, 23 of which as a starter, with Ergotelis itself narrowly avoiding relegation.
Roubakis was a regular starter at the club during the 2010–11 season as well, however a bad performance during a 1–4 home defeat against Panathinaikos briefly put teammate Tomasz Wisio in contention of the left back position. Despite that, Roubakis appeared in 26 league matches for Ergotelis for a grand total of 2226 minutes, and played his 200th first division match against Olympiakos Volou. Roubakis didn't fit the plans of his manager, Nikos Karageorgiou, for the following season and as his contract was expiring in June 2011, he was released from the club.
Rouvas.
After his Ergotelis contract was terminated, Roubakis struggled to find a suitable Greek or Cypriot club that would employ him – a return to Atsalenios in the Delta Ethniki or an early retirement were on the table. Finally in late January 2012, after months of inactivity, he signed a six-month contract for Gergeri-based Rouvas FC, a capture which was considered magnificent for a Football League 2 club. He made 12 league appearances for the club in the 2011–12 Football League 2 and scored two goals – one with an inswinging cross in a match against Kalamata and another against PAO Rouf.
Episkopi.
In July 2012, Roubakis joined another Cretan football club, Episkopi, which became Delta Ethniki Group 10 champions in 2012 and was promoted to the Football League 2 for the first time in history.
Outside football.
On 7 November 2010, still a player of Ergotelis at the time, Roubakis was a candidate for the municipal council of Heraklion at the 2010 Greek local elections – he gathered 1054 votes in the 4th administrative division of the city but did not win a seat.

</doc>
<doc id="20359198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359198" title="Parsigutta">
Parsigutta

Parsigutta is an area in Secunderabad,Andhra Pradesh India . It is famous for residential houses and temples.It comes under Boudhanagar Municipal Division and Secunderabad Assembly and Loksabha Constituency.There is a hill(graveyard like well) which was built by Parsi Community where their dead bodies are thrown inside it leaving their dead to be eaten by vultures and other carnivorous birds.That's why the name Parsigutta('gutta' is a Telugu word which means hill).
It comprises New Ashok Nagar, Sanjeevapuram, L.N.Nagar, Amber Nagar, Alladi RajKumar Nagar.
Festivals.
Almost every festival is celebrated here.Its a mix culture of religions including Muslims and Christians too.Ramzan and Christmas are celebrated here.Ganesh Chaturthi and Navaratri festivals are grandly celebrated here by placing Ganesh and Maa Durga idols.Since couple of years the residents of New Ashok Nagar are installing special type of Ganesh Idols which is attracting the local and surrounding residents.In 2010 the Mandap owners had prepared 700KG's Laddu which was famous at that time in the entire Hyderabad city. In 2011 they had installed the idols of Sachin Tendulkar who is offering the World Cup 2011(India had won Cricket World Cup 2nd time in 2011) to Ganesh Maharaj and in 2013 they had installed the Baby Ganesh who is sleeping in the Cradle giving a message to the society and parents that the newly born babies are equivalent to the God and are not thrown in the dustbin's or Sewage Canals after they are born.
Since a decade,every year in New Ashok Nagar there will be Rangoli Competition held for hundreds of women at the Community Hall near Pochamma Temple lane on the eve of Sankranthi(January 14)and the prizes will be distributed on January 26.Women from surrounding areas also participate with lots of enthusiasm in this competition and make the festival and roads colourfull.
Shirdi Sai Baba and Sri Anjaneya temple is very well known temple in Parsigutta situated near New MCH Colony Community hall. Every year in this temple Vinayaka chavathi and Sri Rama Navami is celebrated with great enthusiasm and organize AnnaDanam.
Transpotation.
Parsigutta surrounded by Padmarao nagar,Warasiguda,Ram nagar and Musheerabad. Fish market which is largest in City is located near to this area.Its near to Secunderabad Railway station, 10 Min journey by road. We can find number of sharing Autos from Parsigutta to Secunderabad Rathifile Bus stand which charges 7Rs per person and couple of buses(Bus No:44) which commute from Secunderabad Rathifile Bus stand to Parsigutta frequently.
Developement.
Recently this area is gradually developing. All main centres are very near from this place like theatres, hospitals and main bus stands. Many professors from Osmania University are from Parsigutta.Every festival will be celebrated unanimously.
HDFC, AXIS, SBI & ICICI ATM are available here,for other ATM's we have to go to nearby Padmarao Nagar.

</doc>
<doc id="20359207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359207" title="Élcio Álvares">
Élcio Álvares

Élcio Álvares (born 28 September 1932) is a Brazilian politician. 
He was a Federal Deputy for the Brazilian Chamber of Deputies for the State of Espírito Santo (1970–1975), governor of the State of Espírito Santo (1975–1979), Senator (1991–1994; 1995–1999), Minister of Commerce (1994) during the Franco administration, and Minister of Defence (1999–2000) during the Cardoso government.

</doc>
<doc id="20359210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359210" title="Tayong Dalawa">
Tayong Dalawa

Tayong Dalawa (lit. "The Two Of Us") is a Philippine primetime drama series broadcast on ABS-CBN and worldwide on TFC in 2009. It premiered on April 6, 2010 in Malaysia on Astro Prima, followed by August 31, 2010 in Singapore on Channel 5. The story revolved around two brothers (Jake Cuenca and Gerald Anderson) who share the same name, the same aspirations, and the same lady-of-interest (Kim Chiu). The title of the series was taken from one of Rey Valera’s classic songs, in a manner similar to most Filipino soap operas.
Plot summary.
David "JR" Garcia Jr. is born into a poor family. His father, David Sr., deserted his mother Marlene before he is born because his wife, Ingrid Garcia is pregnant with David "Dave" Garcia, Jr. When Audrey King and her family goes to Tagaytay for a visit, she falls from a set of high stairs. JR saves her life and introduces himself as David Garcia Jr. after she asks for his name. When she gets to the hospital and is asked by the witnesses and her family who saved her, she says it's David Garcia Jr. - but Dave is given the credit instead of JR.
As she grows up falling in love with Dave, Dave meets JR and they become the best of friends, but their families do not approve of their friendship. Dave's family thinks JR wants to use Dave just for the money. The siblings' mothers would not let the two hang out, although their father allowed the friendship to continue. Dave's grandmother, Elizabeth, and JR's mother, Marlene, suspects David Sr is keeping the two boys' friendship alive.
Audrey's father, Stanley Sr., sends her to Cebu to continue her studies. JR and Audrey have a chance encounter in the airport. Dave and JR enter the Philippine Military Academy where they graduate at the top of their class. The family rivalry becomes worse as everyone finds out that Dave and JR are half-siblings when David Sr. appears on graduation day. Elizabeth exerts all efforts to cover up the truth to the point that she engineers Marlene's imprisonment. Things become even worse as David Sr. dies from a gunshot wound during a raid by gun smuggling boss Leo Cardenas on his armory on the suggestion of Ramon Lecumberri, JR and Dave's estranged older half-brother. It would be followed by more events such as the death of Audrey's mother Loreta, Ramon killing Leo to save Lola Gets and the involvement of Audrey's younger brother, Stan Jr., in Ramon's syndicate. Further DNA testing confirms that Dave and JR are twins.
As things develop, Stanley kills Elizabeth over a financial dispute and frames JR. He is imprisoned and escapes with a former enemy, Ka Doroy, as part of a double agent operation with the military regarding the syndicate. He discovers that the syndicate's boss, "Hunyango", is actually Marlon Cardenas, Dave's godfather and Leo's father.
After JR is hit in a later incident, Dave agrees to a kidney transplant to save his twin in exchange for a civil wedding to Audrey, but the marriage turns out to be fake because of Mamita's machinations. Dave and Audrey plan a church wedding, but Dave backs out. Audrey ends up marrying JR in church and later bears him a son named Adrian. However, she dies of heart disease a few days after giving birth.
The brothers eventually face off in a final showdown with Ramon, who agrees to surrender after Marlene's appeals and completing a plan to bring down his syndicate. However, a mentally-insane Ingrid shoots Ramon in the head while being taken into custody. He survives the shooting but doctors said the bullets rendered him blind. Dave later commits Ingrid to a psychiatric hospital. Ramon is sentenced to life imprisonment and makes amends with Marlene, JR, and Dave behind bars. The three, who visit Ramon from time to time, now live together with Robert, Adrian, Ula, Angela and Lily. The story ends with a cliffhanger: a woman and her son appears at the Garcia house one evening. They introduce themselves as Emma Garcia (a third wife of David Garcia Sr.) and David Anthony Garcia III.
Reception.
Citation from the Armed Forces.
The production team of "Tayong Dalawa" and its three leading actors were cited by the Armed Forces of the Philippines for promoting a positive image of the Philippine military. The show is also credited for boosting the Philippine Military Academy's recruitment of prospective cadets by 300%, with the show also advertising the academy's entrance examinations at the end of each episode. Many episodes were shot inside the PMA campus in Baguio City, where Anderson and Cuenca underwent training alongside the actual cadets. Anderson lamented that his and Cuenca's lack of Citizen Army Training experience was an initial problem in adjusting to the Academy's training regime.
Soundtrack.
The show's title theme music is ""Tayong Dalawa"" by Gary Valenciano, and certain scenes use ""Bukas Na Lang Kita Mamahalin"" ("I Will Love You Tomorrow") by Lani Misalucha.
DVD release.
On August 27, 2009 an announcement was made that "Tayong Dalawa" will be available on DVD. All volumes have been released. There are 20 volumes on DVD for the whole series.
Tayong Dalawa: The Untold Beginning (special episode).
On September 20, 2009, ABS-CBN aired "Tayong Dalawa: The Untold Beginning". The made-for-TV movie features deleted scenes from the first few episodes of the series, which explores the origins of the rivalry between mother-daughter pairs 'Lola Gets'-Marlene and Elizabeth-Ingrid. It also expounds on Ingrid and Marlene's separate love stories with David Garcia Sr.

</doc>
<doc id="20359215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359215" title="Mikrofonprofessor">
Mikrofonprofessor

"Mikrofonprofessor" [microphone-professor] is a song by the German hip-hop band, Die Fantastischen Vier. It is the first single by "Die Fantastischen Vier". It was released in 1991 and is from the album "Jetzt geht's ab!".
Track listing.
Maxi single

</doc>
<doc id="20359216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359216" title="Europe Échecs">
Europe Échecs

Europe Échecs is a monthly French-language chess magazine. 
Founded in 1959 by Raoul Bertolo, who died in 1991 and who was at the time president of the Fédération française des échecs, it succeeded "l'Échiquier de Turenne". It is the oldest chess magazine in France still running, and is now edited by the French International Grandmaster, Bachar Kouatly. From 1985 to 1997, it was run by Jean-Claude Fasquelle, then P.-D.G., éditions Grasset.
It publishes reports of the principal French, European, and world tournaments with numerous parts analysed by the players themselves (regularly featuring the best in the world), as well as presentations of the chess worlds, tactical exercises, articles about strategy, and announcements of future tournaments. 

</doc>
<doc id="20359220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359220" title="Al-Attarine Madrasa">
Al-Attarine Madrasa

The Al-Attarine Madrasa is a madrasa in Fes, Morocco, near the Al-Qarawiyyin. It was built by the Marinid sultan Uthman II Abu Said (r. 1310-1331) in 1323-5. The madrasa takes its name from the Souk al-Attarine, the spice and perfume market. 

</doc>
<doc id="20359227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359227" title="Haldimand-Norfolk Housing Corporation">
Haldimand-Norfolk Housing Corporation

The Haldimand-Norfolk Housing Corporation is an organization to provide rental housing for senior citizens, adults, and families.
Summary.
This social housing outreach program serves the Haldimand and Norfolk counties using English and Dutch as valid languages of communication. A notable example of their social housing program can be seen on Arthur Street in Simcoe, Ontario, Canada. Eligibility is limited to seniors and adults who demonstrate the capabilities of independent living in addition to heads of families with at least one dependant. Access to the units is completely wheelchair accessible. Rent supplement programs can help subsidize the rent of low-income tenants who live in apartments that are not owned by the housing corporation.
On February 1 2002, the counties of Haldimand and Norfolk took over responsibilities for social housing from the Government of Ontario's Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing. The social housing division under the jurisdiction of the Health and Social Services Department and reports to both the Norfolk and Haldimand county councils through the Health and Social Services Advisory Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20359243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359243" title="Shoo Fly, Don't Bother Me">
Shoo Fly, Don't Bother Me

"Shoo, Fly, Don't Bother Me!" is a song that was most likely written by T. Brigham Bishop and first published in 1869 by White, Smith & Perry. It has remained popular since that time. Today, it is commonly sung by children, and has been recorded on many children’s records, including Disney Children's Favorite Songs 3, performed by Larry Groce and the Disneyland Children's Sing-Along Chorus.
The original song was published as "Shew! Fly, Don't Bother Me. Comic Song and Dance or Walk Round. Sung by Cool Burgess and Rollin Howard, melody by Frank Campbell, words by Billy Reeves, arr. by Rollin Howard." 
The song remained popular over the decades, and was commonly sung by soldiers during the Spanish-American War of 1898, when flies and the yellow fever mosquito were a serious enemy.
Lyrics.
The lyrics are public domain:
<poem>
Shoo, fly, don't bother me,
Shoo, fly, don't bother me,
Shoo, fly, don't bother me,
For I belong to somebody.
Oh, shoo, fly, don't bother me,
Shoo, fly, don't bother me,
Shoo, fly, don't bother me,
For I belong to somebody.
</poem>
The lyrics have been altered to remove content from the original song now considered offensive, so that today only the chorus is sung. The original version reads thus:<br>
<poem>
I think I hear the angels sing,
I think I hear the angels sing,
I think I hear the angels sing,
The angels now are on the wing.
I feel, I feel, I feel,
That's what my mother said,
The angels pouring 'lasses down,
Upon this nigger's head.
If I sleep in the sun this nigger knows,
If I sleep in the sun this nigger knows,
If I sleep in the sun this nigger knows,
A fly come sting him on the nose.
I feel, I feel, I feel,
That's what my mother said,
Whenever this nigger goes to sleep,
He must cover up his head.
</poem>
In popular culture.
In the 1998 film "A Bug's Life", one of the characters references the song's title. The Australian children's show Play School recorded a version for the albums There's A Bear In There, sung by Noni Hazlehurst, and In The Car, sung by John Hamblin. The Upsouth Twisters recorded a Cajun version of "Shoo Fly" on the album "15 Songs Every Kid Should Know (and will Love!). in 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="20359248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359248" title="Tiffany Simelane">
Tiffany Simelane

Tiffany Simelane (1988 – August 17, 2009) was a beauty queen who represented Swaziland in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. Her reign began on July 26, 2008, and ended 22 days before she died. She complained to her friend that as soon as she won she was told she would have to pay all her expenses, including the cost of her dress, herself to travel to Miss World. This was a great sticking point between herself and the contest sponsors and organizers. The organizers reported their own disappointments with Simelane, disclosing that she would "disappear without a trace", causing more controversy. In an interview with the Times of Swaziland she thanked God that her reign was over, stating she thought she was "going crazy" and that the title had been nothing more than a liability to her. When she relinquished her crown at a ceremony in the Royal Swazi Convention Centre she gave a cryptic speech, revealing that becoming Miss Swaziland had opened her eyes and that she had hoped to remove the cloud of controversy around the competition during her reign. She then claimed that the competition was not being run in the correct fashion, but that her conscience was clear.
She died on August 17, 2009, after an apparent suicide. She allegedly ingested weevil tablet, a pesticide that contains aluminium phosphide and emits phosphine gas. She rushed for treatment at the Mbabane Clinic. Friends report that she killed herself over a "broken heart", facing depression and a lack of closeness with her family on top of the stress of being Miss Swaziland.

</doc>
<doc id="20359257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359257" title="AD Orcasitas">
AD Orcasitas

Agrupación Deportiva Orcasitas is a Spanish football team from Usera district, Madrid. The club was founded on 1960.
Stadium.
Their home stadium is the "Estadio A.V. de Orcasitas", which seats 3,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="20359269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359269" title="Drinking Electricity">
Drinking Electricity

Drinking Electricity were a post-punk/synthpop trio from Edinburgh, Scotland active during the early 1980s.
History.
The trio comprised Anne-Marie Heighway (vocals), David Rome (guitar, vocals), and Paul Edgley (bass). Rome had previously worked with Martin Lloyd in the band Analysis, which was later to evolve into Oppenheimer Analysis. They were signed by former Fast product boss Bob Last to his new Pop: Aural label. Their first two singles were both cover versions, the first a version of Johnny Kidd's "Shaking All Over", and the second a version of The Flamin' Groovies' "Shake Some Action". Their third single was their own composition, "Cruising Missiles", and was the last for Pop: Aural, with Heighway and Rome setting up their own Survival label for subsequent releases. First release on their new label was "Subliminal" in 1981. It would be early 1982 before their next release, the band's debut album "Overload". The album was not well-received critically, with "Trouser Press" describing it as "simple, rather plain synth-rock with a strong electronic beat and thin ancillary instrumentation". After two further singles in 1982, the band split up. The Survival label went on to become one of the premiere "minimal techno" labels of the 80s, with releases by the likes of Richard Bone, Tik and Tok, Thirteen at Midnight, and Play, and several releases by Capercaillie.
"Good Times (Dance Mix)" was sampled by Crystal Castles on "Good Time" from their eponymous debut album in 2008.
Discography.
Chart placings shown are from the UK Indie Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20359272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359272" title="Jeanne de Laval">
Jeanne de Laval

Jeanne de Laval (10 November 1433 – 19 December 1498) was the second wife and queen consort of René I of Anjou, King of Naples, Sicily, titular King of Jerusalem, Aragon, and Majorca; Duke of Anjou, Bar, and Lorraine; and Count of Provence and Piedmont. She was the stepmother of Margaret of Anjou, queen consort of King Henry VI of England.
Family.
Jeanne was born on 10 November 1433 at Auray, Brittany, the daughter of Guy XIV de Laval, Count of Laval and Isabella of Brittany. Her paternal grandparents were Jean de Montfort and Anne de Laval, and her maternal grandparents were John VI, Duke of Brittany, and Jeanne of France, daughter of King Charles VI of France and Isabeau of Bavaria. Her father Guy fought with Joan of Arc. His eldest son Francis de Laval, a Grand Master of France, would succeed him as Guy XV, Count of Laval. He had another two sons by his first wife Isabelle, Pierre de Laval and Jean de Laval. Including Jeanne, he had a total of seven daughters, several of whom died in early infancy. By his second wife, Françoise de Dinan, he had three sons.
Marriage.
A marriage contract was drawn up on 3 September 1454 between Jeanne's father and King René of Naples and Sicily. The wedding was celebrated on 10 September 1454, at the Abbey of St. Nicholas in Angers. Jeanne married René, whose first wife, Isabella of Lorraine, had died the previous year at the age of twenty-one. Jeanne's husband was more than twenty years her senior. The marriage, however, was happy. Jeanne, who was sweet and affectionate, seems to have been much loved by her husband. She became stepmother to René's children, who included the future John II, Duke of Lorraine, Margaret of Anjou, and Yolande, Duchess of Lorraine. Jeanne's marriage to René was childless. After living three years in the surrounding mansions of Angers and Saumur, the king and queen lived in Provence in 1457 to 1462, in Anjou from 1462 to 1469.
In Aix-en-Provence, Angers, she participated with her husband in literary and scholarly pursuits at his court. 
René composed a 10,000 verse ode to Jeanne entitled, "The Idyl of Regnault and Jeanneton". The poem was a debate on love between a shepherd and shepherdess with a pilgrim as arbiter. However, it sometimes seems to contain a good dose of conventional fiction. During his stay at Tarascon in Provence, René granted Jeanne the barony of Les Baux, which belonged to the Counts of Provence. She exchanged it on 18 February 1475 at Aix-en-Provence for Berre. She continued to live in Provence from 1469 to 1480.
Later life.
René died on 10 July 1480. In his will, he bequeathed his wife a very large income in Anjou, Provence, and the Barrois. She also retained the County of Beaufort and the lordship of Mirebeau (exchanged with the baronies of Aubagne and Provence). After her husband's death, she sometimes lived in Beaufort and sometimes in Saumur. She was popular for her kindness and generosity. The people of Beaufort were grateful to her when she regulated the use of common pastures. Jeanne died on 19 December 1498 at the Chateau de Beaufort-en-Vallée, Maine-et-Loire. She was sixty-five years of age. A street still bears her name, "Queen of Sicily." By her will, she wished to be buried simply, without any monument, in the cathedral of Angers. Her heart was placed in the Cordeliers d'Angers, alongside that of her husband.
Jeanne and the Arts.
Jeanne and her husband René appears in the triptych of the "Burning Bush" of the cathedral of Aix-en-Provence, painted by Nicolas Froment, and a painting in the museum of Cluny, where she is represented with King René listening to the preaching of Sainte-Madeleine. Jeanne used the "Burning Bush" triptych to illuminate a psalter (ms. 41 of the Public Library of Poitiers). The Cabinet of medals of the National Library of France has two medals, the '"King René" and "Queen Jeanne" dating from 1462. It consists of a miniature of Jeanne, surrounded by her ladies, in the manuscript of the French version of the "Pilgrimage of Life" (in the Bibliothèque de l'Arsenal). Monuments to Jeanne have been raised in Beaufort (1842), Rosiers-d'Égletons (1875), and Tarascon. A statue of Jeanne can be seen in the "Public Garden" in the Noisay village in Indre-et-Loire.

</doc>
<doc id="20359276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359276" title="PZL.49 Miś">
PZL.49 Miś

The PZL.49 "Miś" () was a Polish twin-engined medium bomber design that remained only a project due to the outbreak of World War II. The PZL.49 was based on the contemporary PZL.37 Łoś and was to replace it at production lines at the PZL works. 
Design.
The PZL.49 was a development of the advanced, "state-of-the-art" medium bomber PZL.37 Łoś, designed by Jerzy Dąbrowski, Stanisław Kot and Piotr Kubicki. About 50% of its design elements were taken from PZL.37 Łoś bomber to simplify the design process. The main target for the design team was to increase performance, especially flight speed, by means of installing more powerful engines and improving aerodynamics. Its standard 2,200 kg (4,900 lb) bomb load could be increased to 3,000 kg (6,600 lb) by decreasing its fuel load. Its standard 2,200 km (1,200 nmi) range could be increased to 3,000 km (1,900 nmi) with additional fuel tanks.
Detailed project was ready in mid-1938 and a report by General Józef Zając from 28 November, 1938 stated that all drawings were complete. Design process was slow due to the simultaneous involvement of PZL construction bureau in development of the PZL.50 Jastrząb fighter. During the summer of 1939, a mock-up of the PZL.49 was approved by the Air Force and project could be continued. Due to the engagement of Jerzy Dąbrowski in PZL.62 development, Piotr Kubicki became the leader of the PZL.49 design team.
In late 1938 or early 1939 production of parts for two prototypes begun in Wytwórnia Płatowców nr 1 of PZL factory (PZL WP-2). In early 1939 a full scale mock-up of fuselage with part of the left wing was built for testing placement of cockpit and fuselage equipment.
Serial production was planned to take place in the PZL WP-2 factory in Mielec as well as construction bureau HQ. A development schedule from August 1939 set the first flight of PZL.49/I in the summer of 1940, with the first serial built aircraft being delivered to combat units in late 1941 or early 1942. However, due to the German invasion on 1 September 1939, all plans were canceled. All documentation of the PZL.49 project was moved to Jerzy Dąbrowski's apartment in Warsaw early September 1939 and in late September, during siege of Warsaw, was burned in a nearby bakery to avoid German capture. Very little of the documentation has been recovered since the war.
Technical design.
The aircraft was conventional in layout, all metal (including the skin), with low-set laminar-flow wings and a twin tail. In terms of size, it was slightly larger than the Lockheed Model 10 Electra that Amelia Earhart used and was comparable to its predecessor, the PZL.37 Łoś. The crew consisted of four: pilot, commander/bombardier, radio operator and a rear gunner. The bombardier was accommodated in the glazed nose, with two forward-firing 7.92 mm PWU wz.37 machine guns. The radio operator sat inside the fuselage, above the bomb bay. The radio operator also operated two rear-firing 7.92 mm PWU wz.37 machine guns fitted in a "kołyska" (, typically called a gondola in English). The rear gunner sat in a fuselage turret with a 20mm cannon or four 7.92 mm PWU wz.37 machine guns.
The main undercarriage retracted into the engine nacelles. The undercarriage was double-wheeled, with an independent suspension for each wheel and retractable rear wheel. The plane was powered by two Bristol Hercules radial engines with NACA covers. The bombs were carried in a two-section bomb bay in the fuselage, as well as bomb bays in the central section of the wings. The maximum load was 3,000 kg. Wings were fitted with split flaps.
Specification.
Performance below are expected figures. 

</doc>
<doc id="20359284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359284" title="Nasreen Karim">
Nasreen Karim

Nasreen Karim (or Nasreen Kareem) is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Tanzania in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She studied for a Bachelor of Arts in International Relations.

</doc>
<doc id="20359313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359313" title="Cóir">
Cóir

Cóir (Irish for "justice"; pronounced ) is a social Catholic, conservative Eurosceptic lobby group established to campaign against the Treaty of Lisbon which was approved by referendum in Ireland on 2 October 2009.
The group claims to have had approximately 2,600 campaign volunteers for the 6 months prior to the referendum.
According to spokesman Brian Hickey, Cóir are considering registering as a political party. Hickey said he believed there was now room for a "patriotic, conservative and socially conscious party" to fill the "gap there in the Irish political spectrum".
Political and religious standpoint.
It claims to be an independent group with members coming from different political backgrounds. It is generally more conservative than other Lisbon No vote campaigns, and includes a number of individuals involved in social conservative issues.
Coir's ideology can be described as a blend of traditional Catholicism and Irish republicanism. It is however centre-left economically. In addition, it supports restrictions on immigration during times of economic decline.
Former member of the Fianna Fáil party and former Dún Laoghaire and Rathdown Green Party Councillor, member of Muintir na hÉireann Richard Greene has acted as spokesperson in the media. Other figures who have represented Cóir include Niamh Uí Bhriain and Peter Murphy.
No to Lisbon Treaty campaign.
Cóir advertised in the national and local media, notably in newspapers such as Alive!, Irish Family Press and also submitted letters on the subject to these publications.
It has campaigned against the second referendum on the Lisbon Treaty. Greene, Uí Bhrian and Murphy, addressed the Sub-Committee on Ireland's Future in the European of the Joint Oireachtas Committee on European Affairs in a heated debate. Greene accused the committee of treason for not upholding the vote on the treaty.
Criticisms of Cóir.
The leader of Fianna Fáil Micheál Martin has alleged that the group is a "front organisation" of the pro-life group Youth Defence. The organisation operates from the same building on Capel Street in Dublin as Youth Defence and the Pro-Life Alliance.
Some members of religious organisations have criticised the organisation's stance on the Lisbon Treaty.

</doc>
<doc id="20359333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359333" title="Sasha Waltz">
Sasha Waltz

Sasha Alexandra Waltz (born 8 March 1963, Karlsruhe) is a German choreographer, dancer and leader of the dance company Sasha Waltz and Guests.
Biography.
Waltz is the daughter of an architect and a curator. At five years old she had her first dance lesson in Karlsruhe with Waltraud Kornhass, a student of Mary Wigman. From 1983 until 1986, Waltz studied at the School For New Dance Development in Amsterdam.
Between 1986 and 1987 she did further training in New York. During that period she was a dancer for Pooh Kaye, Yoshiko Chuma & School of Hard Knocks and Lisa Kraus. After that she collaborated intensely with choreographers, visual artists and musicians such as Tristan Honsinger, Frans Poelstra, Mark Tompkins, David Zambrano.
From 1992 onwards she was artist in residence in Künstlerhaus Bethanien. There she developed a series of "dialogues" in interdisciplinary projects with dancers, musicians and visual artists (Nasser Martin-Gousset, Takako Suzuki, Charlotte Zerbey, Akos Hargitai). A year later in 1993, she founded her company "Sasha Waltz and Guests" with Jochen Sandig. Over the next 3 years they developed the "Travelogue-Trilogy".
Together with Jochen Sandig, they founded the Sophiensæle in central Berlin, as a center for the development of free theatre and dance. Here they developed "Allee der Kosmonauten" (1996), "Zweiland" (1997) and "Na Zemlje" (1998), as well as the project "Dialoge `99/I".
In 1999 she took over as Artistic Director at Schaubühne am Lehniner Platz in Berlin alongside Thomas Ostermeier, Jens Hillje and Jochen Sandig. She opened the Schaubühne under new direction with the debut of "Körper" (2000). This was followed by "S" (2000), "noBody" (2002), "insideout" (2003), "Impromptus" (2004) and "Gezeiten" (2005).
Once her 5 year period with the Schaubühne finished she reactivitated Sasha Waltz & Guests as an independent company again, with a base in Berlin. It was established as an international project with 25 permanent and 40 associate collaborators.
Artistic phases.
Education.
After high school, from 1983 to 1986, Sasha Waltz studied dance at the "School For New Dance Development" in Amsterdam.
She then furthered her education in New York from 1986 to 1987. In New York she worked as a dancer in the companies of Pooh Kaye, Yoshiko Chuma & School of Hard Knocks and Lisa Kraus. She then went onto collaborate with choreographers, visual artists and musicians such as Tristan Honsinger, Frans Poelstra, Mark Tompkins, David Zambrano, and others.
During her training in Amsterdam and New York she created her first Sasha Waltz's choreographies, among them: Das Meer in mir (1985), Gold Dust (1986), How come we go (1987), Schwarze Sirene (1987) and Rifle (1987).
1990s.
In 1992, Sasha Waltz received a scholarship from the Künstlerhaus Bethanien in Berlin as an Artist-in-residence It was in that context that she created her first of five "dialogues" in collaboration with the dancers Frans Poelstra, Nasser Martin-Gousset, Takako Suzuki, Kitt Johnson, Carme Renalias and David Zambrano, as well as the musicians Tristan Honsinger, David Moss, Dietmar Diesner, Sven-Åke Johansson, and Peter Hollinger. They performed their own dance productions at various locations in Berlin, such as the two solos False Trap (Tanzfabrik Berlin, 1991) and Paulinchen – allein zu Haus (Kunsthaus Tacheles, 1996) and in 1993 the Duet Bungalow in Hackescher Markt.
Over the next three years her career took off with productions including Travelogue-Trilogie with Twenty to Eight (1993), Tears Breakfast (1994) and All Ways Six Steps (1995). Through this work, she laid the foundation for the rest of her career: After the premiere of Twenty to Eight in October 1993, Sasha Waltz founded, together with Jochen Sandig, her own dance company Sasha Waltz & Guests in order to appear in the Dance Platform in Berlin in 1994. The Dance Platform brought her more public attention. Then, Sasha Waltz & Guests toured with the trilogy Travelogue through Europe, and in 1995, with the support of the Goethe Institute, she toured North America (including the cities of Atlanta, New York, Chicago, Montreal, Houston and Los Angeles).
2000s.
In 2007 a new generation of dancers took part in the first play of the trilogy Twenty to Eight. Up to this date the play is still on the Repertoire of the company and is regularly performed.
Selected works.
Year and location of world premieres by Sasha Waltz:

</doc>
<doc id="20359343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359343" title="Sunset Moulding YCRC Challenger">
Sunset Moulding YCRC Challenger

The Sunset Moulding YCRC Challenger is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually at the Yuba City Racquet & Health Club in Yuba City, California, USA, since 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20359346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359346" title="Daniel Pring">
Daniel Pring

Daniel Pring (c. 1788 – 29 November 1846) was an officer in the British Royal Navy. He is best known for the part he played in the War of 1812 between Britain and the United States.
He was born near Honiton in Devon. He entered the Navy in 1800, and evidently took part in the abortive British invasions of the Río de la Plata, as in 1807 he was appointed Lieutenant and commander of the schooner , taken as a prize at Montevideo. His promotion to Lieutenant was confirmed in 1808. In 1810, he married Anne, maiden name unknown.
In 1811, he was serving aboard HMS "Africa", the flagship of Vice Admiral Sir Herbert Sawyer, the commander in chief of the North American station based at Halifax, Nova Scotia. The following year, he transferred to , the flagship of Sawyer's successor, Vice Admiral Sir John Borlase Warren. He was one of three Lieutenants (the other two being Robert Finnis and Robert Heriot Barclay) detached by Warren to the naval establishment on the Great Lakes, with the acting rank of Commander. The Admiralty however had independently appointed Captain Sir James Lucas Yeo as Commodore to command on the lakes. During the early part of 1813, Pring served as commander of HMS "Wolfe", which carried Yeo's broad pendant.
Later in 1813, Pring was appointed to the naval establishment on Lake Champlain, based at Ile aux Noix in the Richelieu River. He was temporarily superseded by Commander Thomas Everard (who was senior to Pring) during several destructive raids against American outposts and depots on Lake Champlain during the late summer of 1813. During the early months of 1814, Pring commanded gunboats which played a part in the Battle of Lacolle Mills.
In the spring of 1814, the Americans constructed a substantial flotilla on Lake Champlain, which outmatched Pring's force. In response, the British laid down the fifth rate frigate HMS "Confiance". This was a ship which required a Post Captain in command, so Pring was superseded by Captain George Downie. Pring took charge of the 16-gun brig "Linnet". During the Battle of Plattsburgh, Pring anchored the "Linnet" across the head of the American line of battle and did great damage, but Downie was killed and the "Confiance" and two other British armed vessels were forced to surrender. Left isolated and unable to escape, Pring fought on until the "Linnet" was battered almost to the point of sinking. In his report, Pring paid tribute to the gallantry of Downie, and also to the care paid to the prisoners and wounded by his opponent, Master Commandant Thomas Macdonough.
As was customary after any defeat, Pring faced a court martial between 18 and 21 August 1815 aboard HMS "Gladiator", but was exonerated and honourably commended. The next year, he was promoted Post Captain. He briefly commanded the naval establishment on Lake Erie, but this was soon closed down. Pring then went on half pay for 20 years, living at Ivedon Penn near Honiton. 
In 1836, he returned to active service, in command of the frigate HMS "Inconstant". From 1841 until 1843, he commanded the second rate ship of the line HMS "Thunderer". In 1845, he commanded the 76-gun ship of the line, HMS "Imaum", and was appointed Commodore on the Jamaica station.
He died late in 1846 at Port Royal, Jamaica, possibly of yellow fever.
He and his wife apparently left no children.

</doc>
<doc id="20359356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359356" title="Georg Myasnikov">
Georg Myasnikov

Georg Vasilievich Myasnikov (; 20 March 1926, Kopovka – 18 July 1996) was a Soviet CPSU, state and public figure, historian, local history specialist.
He was 2-nd secretary of the Penza Oblast committee of CPSU (1961—1964, 1965—1986), secretary of the Penza Oblast committee of CPSU (1964—1965), 1-st deputy chairman of Soviet culture fund board (1986–1991), deputy chairman of Russian culture fund (1991–1992).
He made major contributions to creation of new culture objects (museums, monuments etc.), sport institutions, teenage-clubs and recreation areas, that improved Penza region reputation and popularity.
Working in culture fund Myasnikov furthered new museums foundation, charitable funds, publishing branch. Took steps for development of inter-national cultural relationship and returning of cultural values to USSR.
Author of several articles, two books on Penza oblast and diary which were partially published after his death.
He was awarded:

</doc>
<doc id="20359361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359361" title="Oh Dear! What Can the Matter Be?">
Oh Dear! What Can the Matter Be?

"What Can the Matter Be?", also known as "Johnny's So Long at the Fair" is a traditional nursery rhyme that can be traced back as far as the 1780s in England. There are several variations on its lyrics.
History.
The "ODNR" traces this song back to an earlier folk ballad, whose lyrics are:
<poem>
O dear, what can the matter me
And what can the matter be
O what can the matter be
Johnny bydes lang at the fair
He'll buy me a twopenny whistle
He'll buy me a threepenny fair
He'll buy me a Bunch o' Blue Ribbons
To tye up my bonny Brown Hair
O saw ye him coming
And saw ye him coming
O saw ye him coming
Hame frae the Newcastle fair
</poem>
Lyrics.
The following are given as the traditional lyrics (being chorus and verse) in Cuddon's and Preston's "A Dictionary of Literary Terms and Literary Theory":
<poem>
O dear, what can the matter be?
Dear, dear, what can the matter be?
O dear, what can the matter be?
Johnny's so long at the fair.
He promised he'd buy me a fairing should please me,
And then for a kiss, oh! he vowed he would tease me,
He promised he'd bring me a bunch of blue ribbons,
To tie up my bonny brown hair.
</poem>
Cohen's "Folk Music" gives a different version of the lyrics:
<poem>
O dear, what can the matter be?
O dear, what can the matter be?
O dear, what can the matter be?
Johnny's so long at the fair.
He promised he'd bring me a bunch of blue ribbons.
He promised he'd bring me a bunch of blue ribbons.
He promised he'd bring me a bunch of blue ribbons.
To tie up my bonny brown hair.
</poem>
Raph's "American Song Treasury" uses the traditional lyrics and adds a second verse:
<poem>
He promised he'd buy me a basket of posies
A garland of lilies, a garland of roses;
A little straw hat to set off the blue ribbons
That tie up my bonny brown hair, and now
</poem>
Raph dates this version of the song to 1795, and notes that while it has been popular in the United States for over 250 years, having made its way across the Atlantic shortly after American Independence, it is really English, having achieved widespread popularity in England around 1792, from being performed by duets at Harrison concerts. It was performed in concerts in New York and Philadelphia within a decade of arriving in the U.S.
The "Oxford Dictionary of Nursery Rhymes" dates the song to a manuscript compiled some time between 1770 and 1780. Chappell's "Popular Music" dates the song to 1792, when it was first published as sheet music. The notes by Stenhouse in the second volume of Johnson's "Scots Musical Museum" record a concurrent Anglo-Scottis publication.
Modern usage.
The tune to which the song is sung has been re-used several times, including in a 1967 popular song "Round, Round" recorded by Jonathan King.
"Seven Old Ladies" was assigned motif number X726.4.1 by Hoffmann. The oldest recovered American text of this song is in "The One, The "Only" Baker House Super-Duper Extra Crude Song Book" (on pages 1–2) that was probably compiled at Massachusetts Institute of Technology around 1955. Many other versions are in print or have been recorded, including a recording by Oscar Brand in volume 3 of his record series. British variants are recorded as "Three Old Ladies" in Baring Gould's "Mother Goose". One variant, recorded by Laycock, has 21 old women.
Parodies.
The song has been parodied several times, the most well-known of which is the American bawdy song "Seven Old Ladies", sung to the same tune but with different lyrics. Here are the chorus and the first two verses, of seven, as published in Ed Cray's "The Erotic Muse":
<poem>
Oh, dear, what can the matter be,
Seven old ladies were locked in the lava'try,
They were there from Monday till Saturday,
And nobody knew they were there.
The first old lady was 'Lizabeth Porter,
She was the deacon of Dorchester's daughter,
Went there to relieve a slight pressure of water,
And nobody knew she was there.
The second old lady was Abigail Splatter.
She went there 'cause something was definitely the matter.
But when she got there, it was only her bladder,
And nobody knew she was there.
</poem>
One suggested precursor to the bawdy song, recorded in William's "Upper Thames" collection is the following "old morris fragment":
<poem>
Oh, dear, what can the matter be?
Three old women tied to an apple tree!
One ran away, the others stopped till Saturday.
Oh, dear, what can the matter be?
</poem>
"Seven Old Ladies" was not the first parody, however. Long before that parody, the song had been parodied for political purposes. One such parody can be found in the "Wisconsin State Journal" of 1 March 1864. It was written to exhort parents, who during the U.S. Civil War had not taken much interest in public schooling in Madison, to visit the schools of their children. Its lyrics were:
<poem>
Oh, dear, what can the matter be?
Oh, dear, what can the matter be?
Oh, dear, what can the matter be?
Parents don't visit the school.
They visit the circus, they visit their neighbors;
They visit their flocks and the servant who labors;
They visit the soldiers with murderours sabers;
Now, why don't they visit the school?
They care for their horses, they care for their dollars;
They care for their parties and fancy fine collars;
But little, we think, do they care for their scholars;
Because they don't visit the school.
We know we from hunger and cold are protected;
In virtue and knowledge our minds are directed;
But still we do think that we are sadly neglected;
Because they don't visit the school.
</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="20359372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359372" title="Kirkintilloch railway station">
Kirkintilloch railway station

Kirkintilloch railway station served part of Kirkintilloch in Scotland. The station was constructed by the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway, which became part of the North British Railway.
History.
Opened by the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway, the station passed to the North British Railway in 1858, the London and North Eastern Railway in the 1923 Grouping, and then to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was then closed by the British Railways Board in September 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20359451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359451" title="Stelios Sfakianakis">
Stelios Sfakianakis

Stelios Sfakianakis (; born 19 March 1976) is a Greek footballer who plays for Panetolikos F.C. in the Greek Super League.
Career.
Born in Hagen, Sfakianakis moved to Greece where he began his professional career with Kavala F.C., where he played in the Beta Ethniki and Alpha Ethniki. He transferred to Olympiacos F.C. in December 1996 and played in 38 Alpha Ethniki matches for the club over three and one-half seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="20359463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359463" title="FabricLive.40">
FabricLive.40

FabricLive.40 is a 2008 mix album by Noisia. The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.

</doc>
<doc id="20359464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359464" title="Arrows in the Dark">
Arrows in the Dark

Arrows in the Dark: David Ben-Gurion, the Yishuv Leadership and Rescue Attempts during the Holocaust is a book by Israeli historian Tuvia Friling dealing with the attitude toward the Holocaust of the leadership of the Yishuv, the Jewish community in Palestine that existed before the establishment of the State of Israel in May 1948. The book examines the leadership's attempts to rescue European Jews who were under threat, and the controversy that surrounds those efforts. The Hebrew edition of the book was published in 1998 and the English version in 2005.
The historiographic and public debate.
The attitude of the Yishuv's leadership and its leader David Ben-Gurion to the Holocaust, the extent of knowledge about the murder, the options that were open to the Yishuv and what was actually done – these questions have been widely debated in historical research. For decades the popular view of these questions was that the Yishuv's leadership did not do enough to rescue the Jews who were being murdered by the Nazis. The pioneering comprehensive scientific exploration of this topic was Dina Porat's book of 1986 "An Entangled Leadership, the Yishuv and the Holocaust 1942–1945". The book addressed the questions of what the Yishuv knew about the Holocaust and of rescue attempts during the years 1942–1945. The study's conclusion was that the information about the extermination arrived too late, that the Yishuv was too weak to be able to extend help, but that it did as much as was possible.
Tom Segev's book "The Seventh Million", published in 1991, was aimed at the wider public and constituted an indictment against the Yishuv's leadership, claiming that Ben-Gurion was indifferent to the victims' fate because of his deeply rooted negative attitude toward the diaspora, and that his efforts for the establishment of the State of Israel came at the expense of rescuing Jews.
Many historians, such as Yehuda Bauer, Shabtai Teveth and Shlomo Aronson, sided with Porat in exonerating the Yishuv. Others, such as Yechiam Weitz and Hava Eshkoli-Wagman analysed specific dimensions. Each of these historians shed light on the topic from a different perspective.
Friling's book.
The 684-page English version of the book is to date the most comprehensive and thorough research of the topic. While attempting to show that much was done but that the success rate was very small, the book is a writ for the defense of the Yishuv's leadership and of its head, Ben-Gurion. The book's title "Arrows in the Dark" draws on a quote from Eliezer Kaplan, the Yishuv's "finance minister", who compared the rescue efforts' chances for success to the shooting of arrows in the dark, but insisted on the importance of seizing every opportunity, despite the minimal likelihood of hitting the target. Eliezer Kaplan, the Yishuv's "finance minister", who when referring to the Yishuv's rescue activities said that they had to shoot arrows into the dark, despite the minimal chances of hitting the target.
The book describes, interprets and analyzes the manifold rescue operations conducted by the Yishuv: the plan for the rescue of children (end of 1942 until the end of the war), including Adler-Rudel's efforts from Sweden; the Transnistria Plan (end of 1942 until February–March 1943); the Slovakia Plan that eventually developed into the Europa Plan (end of 1942- Ocotboer 1943); the "Blood for Trucks" proposal that Joel Brand and Bandi Grosz brought from Hungary (spring 1944 – summer 1944); the clandestine collaboration with Allied intelligence services, including the Paratroopers Plan, and others.
Several harsh and bitter words by Ben-Gurion regarding the negation of the diaspora were used in the debate over the Yishuv's role to prove that he had been indifferent to the Jews' fate, or that in the best case he had adopted a practical approach and therefore decided to focus on what was practicable – the building of the State of Israel. Friling claims that what is important is not what Ben-Gurion said, but what he did or attempted to accomplish. He goes on to provide a lengthy and detailed description of Ben-Gurion's manifold activities.
While Shabtai Teveth, Ben-Gurion's biographer, attempts to prove that the small scope of Ben-Gurion's activity on behalf of Europe's Jews can be explained by the prevailing belief that it was impossible to save the Jews, Friling introduces a new approach in the research of this issue. He claims that Ben-Gurion was deeply involved at all levels in all rescue efforts, but that these activities were mostly clandestine, and thus were conducted in secrecy and were almost never discussed openly. Ben-Gurion even kept silent in face of the accusations about his lack of action. This was compounded by the fact that the rescue operations were of the kind that are best left concealed. Moreover, since most of these efforts were doomed to fail, any explanation would have been perceived as a lame excuse.
Filing shares the opinion that the Rescue Committee chaired by Itzhak Grunbaum was a body without executive powers, a "parliament" in the derogatory language of those days. At the same time he defines the role of the committee as a lightning rod intended to divert public pressure and guarantee the smooth functioning of the operational bodies. Friling goes on to describe the history of the Rescue Committee and highlights its importance in achieving a consensus in the Yishuv, thwarting the danger of disintegration in face of an event with the destructive magnitude of the Holocaust.
Another contribution of this study to our understanding of the period is the identification of the body that was actually responsible for the Yishuv's rescue activities. According to Friling this was the 'Special Operations Section' of the Jewish Agency's Political Department, with people like Reuven Zaslani (Shilohah), Ehud Avriel, Teddy Kollek, Eliahu Eilat (Epstein), and others. They acted together with people of the Hagana and the Illegal Immigration Agency (Mossad Le'aliyah Bet), such as Eliahu Golomb, Shaul Meirov (Avigur), Zeev Shind, David Hacohen, and others, as well as with some of the emissaries of the political parties and movements, such as Menachem Bader and Vanya Pomerantz. According to Friling, this operational arm was directed by an undeclared informal triumvirate, consisting of Ben-Gurion, Moshe Sharett—the head of the Jewish Agency's Political Department, and Eliezer Kaplan—the Jewish Agency's treasurer.
While researchers before Friling searched for documentation in the archives of the central bodies of the Yishuv, where very little evidence of rescue efforts was to be found, Friling looked for documentation in two additional sources: the archives of the British intelligence services, such as the SIS (Secret Intelligence Service), SOE (Special Operations Executive), and of the American agencies, such as the OWI (Office of War Information) or the OSS (Office of Strategic Services). These agencies kept track of the operations of the Yishuv and its emissaries and used them for their intelligence gathering, sabotage operations, etc.
Friling also investigated the cooperation of the Jewish Agency with other Jewish organizations, such as the Joint Distribution Committee and the World Jewish Congress. He uncovered, among others, much information about the transfer by Jewish organizations of funds for rescue activity to enemy countries.
Friling's book innovates our knowledge about the networks operated by Teddy Kollek, Ehud Avriel, and others from Istanbul. These networks were sending couriers with information, operational guidance, communication systems and funds into the occupied countries. The study shows that to their great misfortune, important segments of these networks that Kollek and his colleagues believed to be loyal and dependable, in reality held double and triple agents, activated by the German Military Intelligence (Abwehr) and even the Gestapo. It follows that these networks that the Yishuv believed were in its service, were first and foremost serving the Nazis. Thus many of the operations launched by the Yishuv from Istanbul, including the paratroopers' mission, were totally transparent to the Nazis.
The Hebrew version of the book received the Mordechai Ish Shalom Prize in 1999 and the Prime Minister's Prize – the most prominent Prize awarded by the State Council for the Commemoration of Presidents and Prime Ministers – in 2001.
Book reviews.
Reviews on the English version:

</doc>
<doc id="20359478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359478" title="Ummarapas Jullakasian">
Ummarapas Jullakasian

Ummarapas Jullakasian (), nicknamed Mim () is a beauty pageant contestant who was first runner-up in Miss Thailand World 2007 and represented Thailand in Miss World 2008 in South Africa. She has a degree in food nutrition and development and has worked as a model.
She is now an actress in Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="20359509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359509" title="The Kingston Trio (album)">
The Kingston Trio (album)

The Kingston Trio is The Kingston Trio's debut album, released in 1958 (see 1958 in music). It entered the album charts in late October 1958, where it resided for nearly four years, spending one week at #1 in early 1959. It was awarded an RIAA gold album on January 19, 1961.
History.
Dave Guard, Nick Reynolds, and Bob Shane formed the Kingston Trio in Palo Alto, California in June 1957. By 1958 they had a recording contract with Capitol Records and were in the studio by February. From their first recording sessions, the single "Tom Dooley" was released and became a number one hit in the US. The single's success helped propel their debut album to the number one spot of the Billboard Pop chart. "Tom Dooley" was the Trio's second single—the first was "Scarlet Ribbons" b/w "Three Jolly Coachmen" —and it would remain on the charts for five months and earned the group their only gold single.
The members were quoted in various articles, even the liner notes of the first album, separating themselves from more traditional folk artists. Reynolds stated ""We don't collect old songs in the sense that the academic cats do. Each one of us has his ears open constantly to new material or old stuff that's good." Guard is quoted "We are not students of folk music; the basic thing for us is honest and worthwhile songs, that people can pick up and become involved in... When the performance is over the piece is not significant anymore."
"Scotch and Soda" was discovered by the Trio through Tom Seaver's parents, who had first heard it when on their honeymoon. One member of the trio was dating Seaver's older sister at that time, and heard the song on a visit to the Seaver home. Although it is credited to Dave Guard, the trio never did discover the real songwriter's name, though they searched for years.
During these same sessions, the trio recorded "Dodi Li" which was left off the album. It later appeared on "...from the Hungry i" as "Dorie".
Reception.
The album entered the "Billboard" album charts in late October 1958 and stayed there for nearly four years. It spent one week at #1 in early 1959. It was awarded an RIAA gold album on January 19, 1961.
In his Allmusic review, critic Bruce Eder called the Kingston Trio's debut album less polished than other current folk music groups, but noted their debut release made up for it with "with youthful spring, exuberance, freshness, and a number of song choices that spoke of a new generation of folk singing." He also notes "one also gets a sense of just how strong the trio was musically right out of the starting gate—"The Kingston Trio" was essentially an idealized version of the group's stage show of the era, recorded over three days in the studio, and a fine, bracing body of music."
Personnel.
Production notes:

</doc>
<doc id="20359514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359514" title="United States presidential election in Nebraska, 2008">
United States presidential election in Nebraska, 2008

The 2008 United States presidential election in Nebraska took place on November 4, 2008 as part of the 2008 United States presidential election. Voters chose 5 electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President. However, this state is one of the two states of the U.S. that, instead of giving all of its electors to the winner based on its statewide results, just 2 of them vote based on the statewide results, and the others vote based on their individual congressional district results.
Nebraska, statewide, was not a swing state in 2008. Located in the Great Plains of the United States, it is one of the most staunchly Republican states in the country. While some hypothetical general election match-up polls between Republican John McCain and Democrat Barack Obama showed the race to be seemingly close, they were largely regarded as outliers as more polls released showed McCain leading in double digits. McCain wound up carrying the popular vote in Nebraska by 14.93 points, taking in 56.53% of the total statewide vote. However, Obama narrowly defeated McCain in Nebraska's 2nd Congressional District, which contains Omaha and the surrounding areas. Due to Nebraska's system of proportionally allocating electoral votes, Obama was able to win one electoral vote while John McCain received the state's other four electoral votes.
Campaign statewide.
Polling.
McCain won every single pre-election poll. Since May, he won each poll by a double digit margin of victory and each with at least 52% of the vote.
Fundraising.
John McCain raised a total of $678,059 in the state, while Barack Obama raised $864,393.
Advertising and visits.
Obama spent $55,807 while McCain and the Republican Trust PAC spent a total of just $1,225.
Both Obama and McCain visited the state once. Obama held a downtown rally at Omaha and McCain traveled to both Omaha and Ashland. Palin also visited Omaha once.
Campaign in Omaha.
Nebraska has two electoral votes that go to the winner of the popular vote in the state, while the other three are split based on whichever candidate wins the popular vote in each of Nebraska's three congressional districts, all of which have trended Republican in the past elections. However Nebraska's 2nd Congressional District, based in the city of Omaha, is significantly less conservative.
The second CD of Nebraska was actually considered as a battleground area by some, leading the Obama campaign to open a single campaign office in Omaha with 15 staff members to cover the congressional district in September 2008. More than 900 people attended the opening of those offices. Democratic Mayor Mike Fahey of Omaha said that he would do whatever it takes to deliver the electoral vote tied to the 2nd Congressional District to Obama, and the Obama Campaign considered Nebraska's 2nd congressional district "in play". Former Democratic U.S. Senator Bob Kerrey and then senior U.S. Senator Ben Nelson campaigned in the city for Obama.
Analysis.
Nebraska, part of the conservative Great Plains region, is one of the most Republican states in the nation. Continuing on that trend, McCain won the Cornhusker State by nearly 15 points. Obama was only able to win four counties: Douglas County, which contains Omaha; Lancaster County, which contains the state capital of Lincoln and the University of Nebraska; Saline County; and Thurston County, which contains a Native American reservation and was the only county to be won by John Kerry in 2004. No Democratic presidential nominee since Lyndon B. Johnson's landslide 1964 victory has ever won more than four counties in Nebraska. In 2008, McCain won Nebraska's 1st Congressional District and Nebraska's 3rd Congressional District by fairly safe margins, along with the state as a whole, but Obama managed to carry Nebraska's 2nd Congressional District, based in Omaha, by a slim margin of 1,260 votes, resulting in one of Nebraska's five electoral votes being awarded to Obama. This was a particularly notable win, because with Nebraska's split electoral vote system Obama became the first Democratic presidential candidate to win an electoral vote from Nebraska since 1964.
Obama did particularly well in the state's two most populated counties, Douglas and Lancaster. While John Kerry had lost these counties by double-digits, Obama was able to carve out small victories in a state he lost by a landslide.
During the same election, Republicans held the open U.S. Senate seat vacated by Republican Chuck Hagel who retired. Former Republican Governor Mike Johanns easily defeated Democrat Scott Kleeb, a rancher, by 17.46 points. Johanns received 57.52% of the total vote while Kleeb took in 40.06%. At the state level, Republicans picked up a seat in the nonpartisan and unicameral Nebraska Legislature in 2008.
Results.
Congressional District.
John McCain carried two of the state’s three congressional districts, while Barack Obama carried one congressional district held by a Republican. 
Electors.
Technically the voters of Nebraska cast their ballots for electors: representatives to the Electoral College. Nebraska is allocated 5 electors because it has 3 congressional districts and 2 senators. All candidates who appear on the ballot or qualify to receive write-in votes must submit a list of 5 electors, who pledge to vote for their candidate and his or her running mate. Whoever wins the majority of votes in the state is awarded 2 electoral votes, and the other 3 are allocated via the individual results of the congressional districts. Their chosen electors then vote for President and Vice President. Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate, they are not obligated to vote for them. An elector who votes for someone other than his or her candidate is known as a faithless elector.
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15, 2008 to cast their votes for President and Vice President. The Electoral College itself never meets as one body. Instead the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols. 
The following were the 5 members of the Electoral College from the state. 4 of the electors were pledged to John McCain and Sarah Palin; 2 at large, 1 for each of the 1st and 3rd Congressional districts. 1 was pledged to Barack Obama and Joe Biden:

</doc>
<doc id="20359520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359520" title="Qntal I">
Qntal I

Qntal I is the debut album of the German Darkwave/Gothic rock/Industrial band Qntal.
The album features a mix of medieval lyrics in languages like Latin, Middle High German and Middle French combined with electronic music of the late 1980s Dark Scene.
In 2007 it was re-released on Noir Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20359544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359544" title="Michigan State Fair Riding Coliseum, Dairy Cattle Building, and Agricultural Building">
Michigan State Fair Riding Coliseum, Dairy Cattle Building, and Agricultural Building

The Michigan State Fair Riding Coliseum, Dairy Cattle Building, and Agricultural Building are three buildings located on the grounds of the Michigan State Fair in Detroit, Michigan. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
History.
The Riding Coliseum, Dairy Cattle Building, and Agricultural Building were likely designed by the same architect, Lynn W. Fry of the State Building Department. The three buildings were constructed in two year intervals in 1922, 1924, and 1926. All three are similar in appearance, being Neo-Classical Revival, white stuccoed buildings sitting on high red brick foundations. They are fine examples of the Classically inspired exhibition architecture popularized by the World Fair exhibitions of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="20359551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359551" title="Jerome Flaake">
Jerome Flaake

Jerome Flaake (born March 2, 1990 in Guben) is a German professional ice hockey left winger who currently plays for the Hamburg Freezers in the "Deutsche Eishockey Liga" (German Ice Hockey League).
Playing career.
Flaake was drafted 130th overall by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft. The Leafs used the Florida Panthers' 5th round choice, which they received in sole compensation for defenseman Wade Belak in a trade on February 26, 2008. 
He formerly wore number 90 for Kölner Haie (Cologne Sharks) of the German Hockey League. Two of his four goals for Köln in the 2008–09 season have been game winning goals. Flaake signed a two-year contract with the Hamburg Freezers for the 2010 - 2012 seasons on March 30, 2010. 
According to Cologne general manager Rodion Pauels, Flaake's strengths lie in his skating abilities, intelligence on the ice as well as his nose for the net.

</doc>
<doc id="20359552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359552" title="Pau Sabater">
Pau Sabater

Pau Sabater i Lliró (Algerri, province of Lleida, March 5, 1884 - Barcelona, July 17th, 1919) was a Spanish anarcho-syndicalist in the Confederación Nacional del Trabajo in Catalonia. He was known also as "el Tero". He was secretary of the Union of Dyers, one of the most powerful trade unions of the textile industry. His partner was Josepa Ros, with whom he had three children. He was killed by members of the gang of Manuel Bravo Portillo. The murder of Manuel Bravo Portillo himself a few weeks later was interpreted as a revenge from unionists. His funeral on July 24, 1919 was a huge demonstration of workers, with numerous riots across the entire Barcelona from the hospital to the cemetery at Montjuich. The trial for her murder, full of irregularities, took place on 10 and May 11, 1922, the only defendant, Luis Garcia Fernandez, was acquitted.

</doc>
<doc id="20359561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359561" title="Vicent Peris">
Vicent Peris

Leadership in the Revolt.
Peris was a member of the Council of Thirteen which came to contest the royal government's rule of Valencia in 1519. In 1520, the situation worsened with the appointment of Castilian Viceroy Diego Hurtado de Mendoza. A riot broke out after Mendoza refused to recognize the election of officials who were sympathetic to the "Germanies", and in the chaos the popular "Sorolla" (Guillén Castleví) was killed. During the chaos, Peris led the city's mobs and militias against royal forces. The Viceroy was forced to flee the city, and shortly thereafter Joan Llorenç died, likely of a heart attack. With the death of Sorolla and Llorenç, Peris came to be known as the most powerful and influential member of the Council of Thirteen. Still, his support was not universal. Allegedly Llorenç, upon seeing Peris leading the mobs from his window, exclaimed "The Germania was made for none of this! You and others like you will be the ruination of Valencia." (That said, there is little evidence one way or the other for this quote.)
At first, the royal government was ill-prepared for warfare and the "Germanies" were able to expand with little opposition. The most influential nobles fortified themselves at the castle near Gandia, while the "Germanies" took over the other cities of the Kingdom of Valencia. To fund their army, the "Germanies" seized the property and goods of nobles who opposed them, and possibly those of the mudéjars (Muslims of Valencia) as well. Unsurprisingly, the Muslims joined the armies of the nobles in numbers in response. Mudéjars captured or found by the "Germanies" were forcibly baptized and converted to Christianity.
Peris obtained two important military successes. He conquered the castle of Xàtiva on July 14, 1521. A week later, he then smashed the forces that Viceroy Mendoza had been gathering near Gandia at the Battle of Gandia on July 23. Under his command, the agermanats looted the town and farmland of the Gandia region, and undertook a campaign of forced baptisms upon all the Muslims of the conquered area. According to one account, after the Battle of Gandia Peris captured 2,000 Muslim prisoners who had sided with the Viceroy. He proceeded to baptize and then execute them all. When asked why, he (allegedly) said "Well, they gave many alms to Heaven, and much money to the purses of the agermanats."
However, Peris was unable to control dissent and disagreement about the next course of action among the "Germanies". Additionally, in spite of Peris's success, nobles in neighboring Andalusia did not wish to see the rebellion fester and potentially grow to envelop their lands. Their forces first took Elche (Elx), then proceeded north. They won a great victory at the battle of Oriola on August 20, 1521.
Return to Valencia and death.
Peris remained fortified at Xàtiva's castle for half a year, waiting in vain for the situation to improve. Valencia fell on November 1, 1521. On the night of February 18, 1522, Peris returned to the city of Valencia hoping to reignite the rebellion. Meeting with his supporters, he was somehow seen or betrayed, and a desperate night battle in the streets broke out between the agermanats and royal soldiers. Eventually, Peris was cornered and smoked out by setting his house on fire. but was captured by the royalist troops after a desperate night battle in which 100 people died. 
Peris was executed on March 3, 1522. Several others—nine survivors of the night battle, along with three other men and one women—were hanged. Their bodies were paraded through the street, and Peris was then hung suspended by his feet. Peris's head was put into a cage and hung high upon Saint Vincent's gate so that those who entered the city might see his fate. His home was demolished, and the site sown with salt. It was forbidden to build a new building there, so the lot became a small public square unofficially named after him. By order of the Viceroy, his descendants were stigmatized as traitors to the "patria" (homeland) to the fourth generation, a punishment from the Book of Numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="20359562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359562" title="Agbogho Mmuo">
Agbogho Mmuo

Agbogho Mmuo, or Maiden Spirits are masquerades performed annually during the dry season in the Nri-Awka area in the northern part of the Igbo peoples ethnic territory. These masks, strictly performed by men, imitate the character of an adolescent girl, exaggerating the girls' beauty and movements. The performance is always accompanied by musicians who sing and play tributes to both real and spirit maidens.
These masks showcase an ideal image of an Igbo maiden. This ideal is made up by the smallness of a young girl’s features and the whiteness of her complexion, which is an indication that the mask is a spirit. This whiteness is created using a chalk substance used for ritually marking the body in both West Africa and the African Diaspora. The chalky substance is also used in uli design, created and exhibited on the skin of Igbo women. Most maiden spirit mask are decorated with representations of hair combs, and other objects, modeled after late 19th century ceremonial hairstyles. These hairstyles include elaborate coiffures and crests which intend to add beauty to the mask.

</doc>
<doc id="20359580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359580" title="Ujoni Majuli">
Ujoni Majuli

Ujoni Majuli is the upper part of Majuli, Jorhat, Assam. It is also called Upper Majuli.

</doc>
<doc id="20359601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359601" title="1909 Paraguayan Primera División season">
1909 Paraguayan Primera División season

The following article presents a summary of the 1909 football (soccer) season in Paraguay.
Liga Paraguaya results.
The championship was played for the "Copa El Diario", a trophy issued by the newspaper of the same name. Six teams participated in the tournament which was played in a two round all-play-all system, being the team with the most points at the end of the two rounds the champion. Club Nacional won its first championship after defeating Libertad in a playoff game.

</doc>
<doc id="20359613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359613" title="Nameless, Tennessee">
Nameless, Tennessee

Nameless is an unincorporated community in Jackson County, Tennessee.
History.
The community's unusual name has attracted attention from writers. There is no agreement on its origin. One version of the name's origin holds that when residents applied for a post office, the place for a name on the application was left blank, and the U.S. Post Office Department returned the application with "Nameless" stamped on the form. In the 1982 book "Blue Highways: A Journey Into America", William Least Heat-Moon reported a variant explanation in which the residents themselves decided that the community should be "nameless" after one of them said "This here’s a nameless place if I ever seen one, so leave it be." Another variation of the story was provided in a 1933 article in the "Jackson County Sentinel" newspaper, which said that a local official had initially sought to name the post office "Morgan" for county attorney general George Morgan, but the Post Office Department had rejected that name, possibly because the name "Morgan" was still associated in people's minds with the Confederacy, including Confederate Army General John Hunt Morgan. According to this version, after the preferred name was rejected the official wrote to federal authorities that if his choice of names could not be used, he preferred for the post office to be nameless. The Nameless post office was established in 1866 and operated until 1909.
At its peak, Nameless had a population of about 250. In addition to its post office, it was the site of a school and some stores. The two-room elementary school operated until the 1960s. It housed "primer" through grade 4 in one room and grades 5 through 8 in a second room. The former J.T. Watts General Merchandise Store is now operated as a museum.
In popular culture.
__NOTOC__
Nameless is mentioned in the Elvis Costello song "My Dark Life" (on the album "Extreme Honey") together with two other places with unusual names, Ugly, Texas, and Peculiar, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="20359614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359614" title="Helenus Milmo">
Helenus Milmo

Sir Helenus Patrick Joseph Milmo (1908–1988) was a British lawyer and High Court judge. His career was notable for his role in the prosecution team at the Nuremberg Trials. 
He was born in County Limerick to Daniel and Kathleen (née White) Milmo but spent his early years in Furbogh, Galway Gaeltacht. He was a distant nephew of Don Patricio Milmo O'Dowd (né Patrick Milmo; 1826-1899), who emigrated to Mexico and became a successful businessman and banker. 
Education.
Helenus Milmo attended Downside School and Trinity College, Cambridge; he went on to become a barrister, becoming a QC in 1961. 
Career.
During World War II, Milmo was a member of MI5. Having previously worked under Kim Philby, Milmo was selected to investigate Philby in 1951, when Philby's treason became increasingly obvious. Milmo failed to elicit definitive answers and concluded "that Philby is and has been for many years a Soviet agent. But the case remained unproven." Milmo's peers were not entirely forgiving. "Some felt", wrote Peter Carter-Ruck when Milmo died in 1988, "that he was perhaps too much of a gentleman for that daunting task."
Family.
Milmo married Joan F. Morley in 1933. The couple had two sons and a daughter:
Two grandchildren, Cahal and Daniel Milmo, are also journalists, while another, Chuka Umunna, is a Labour Member of Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="20359617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359617" title="Don Bodin">
Don Bodin

Don Bodin is an award winning music composer, producer and songwriter living in Los Angeles. Bodin has composed music for several promotional films and commercial advertising spots for Toyota of Europe and Yamaha Motors as well as several independent films including creating original music for Director Damian Chapa's independent film Fuego starring David Carradine 
In addition to his work creating music for media Bodin has released eight albums of instrumental music since 2006.
In November 2008 Don Bodin released his 4th album "The Radioactive Werewolf and other Tales from the Southwest". The album contains performances by Alain Whyte, Chris Schleyer and Elif Savas.
Prior to composing music for film and television, he ran the now defunct Independent label Baby Factory and produced alternative rock band Kill Hannah's debut album Humming Birds The Size of Bullets as well as tracks from the bands American Jet Set album.

</doc>
<doc id="20359624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359624" title="Richard Greene (politician)">
Richard Greene (politician)

Richard Greene (born 1950) is a political activist from Dublin, focusing on conservative family values campaigns, and formerly on opposing extradition to the United Kingdom. He was successively a member of Fianna Fáil, the Green Party, and Muintir na hÉireann, and is a spokesman for Cóir. Recently he joined the Christian Solidarity Party and has become its leader. He was a member of Dún Laoghaire-Rathdown County Council and the Eastern Health Board in the 1990s.
Greene went to national school in Clontarf and then O'Connell School. He got a degree in English Literature from Trinity College, Dublin, worked a year in France and became a secondary-school teacher, and subsequently a careers guidance counsellor. He holds a M.A. in linguistics from University College Dublin and did postgraduate research in sociolinguistics at Dublin City University. He is a chartered member of the Institute of Guidance Counsellors and is a graduate member of the Psychological Society of Ireland.
Extradition.
Greene developed an interest in politics during the 1981 hunger strikes, and campaigned on behalf of the Guildford Four and Maguire Seven and the Birmingham Six. He subsequently joined Fianna Fáil. He co-founded an unofficial Fianna Fáil members' anti-extradition association to oppose the implementation of the 1987 Extradition legislation, introduced under the European Convention on the Suppression of Terrorism, which envisaged extradition from the Republic of Ireland to Northern Ireland, and reduced the ability of Irish republican suspects to avoid extradition for "political crimes". The controversial case of Father Patrick Ryan gave the group publicity.
Greene was expelled from his cumann of Fianna Fáil on 3 October 1988 for "conduct unbecoming a member", reinstated two weeks later on appeal to the Dáil constituency Comhairle, and re-expelled by the national executive on 15 December.
In January 1990, Greene was elected to the founding executive of the Irish National Congress, a newly formed lobby campaigning for "a British withdrawal from Ireland". He also campaigned against the extradition of Dessie Ellis in 1990. He was a member of a committee which in 1991 secured a memorial in the Garden of Remembrance to the victims of the 1974 Dublin and Monaghan bombings.
County councillor.
Greene subsequently joined the Green Party, and unexpectedly won a seat on Dublin County Council in the Clonskeagh district in the 1991 local elections. He made outspoken pronouncements opposing the X case judgment and defending Articles 2 and 3 of the Constitution, persisting despite warnings from party colleagues that these were unauthorised by party policy. After Roger Garland moved to have him expelled, he resigned on 6 April 1992.
He was Public Relations Officer of Right-to-Life Ireland, an umbrella group of pro-life organisations opposed to the Maastricht Treaty which campaigned for a No-vote in the ratification referendum. Greene ran in the 1992 general election in Dublin South as an independent, but endorsed by the Christian Centrist Party.
He sought an injunction in the High Court against the wording of the 1992 "Right to Life" referendum, but withdrew it when he offered no alternative wording. In 1993, he failed to win an injunction on behalf of the "Christians For Political Action Group", to prevent the Department of Health broadcasting AIDS education ads on television.
Unusually among independent members of Dublin County Council, Greene supported all the rezoning motions at the July 1993 meeting. In 1993, Greene founded the Irish Civil Rights Association, which opposed the Criminal Justice (Public Order) Bill, 1993 which restricted the conduct of participants at public protests.
Under the 1994 Act which split Dublin into three new county council areas, Greene became a member of Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown County Council. Also in 1994, Greene became founding chairman of Muintir na hÉireann. In November, the group was denied official registration as a political party as it was not organised to fight elections; Greene contended the party had almost 1,000 members in 12 constituencies. It was eventually registered in April 1995.
The party endorsed Mildred Fox in the 1995 Wicklow by-election for her pro-life stance. Greene criticised Fox when, having won the by-election, she abstained, rather than opposing, the constitutional amendment to allow divorce.
In the ensuing referendum campaign, Muintir's Emmanuel Sweeney suggested that then government minister Mervyn Taylor and TD Alan Shatter might not understand Christian marriage. Since both were Jewish, this was condemned as "anti-semitic". Greene denied the charge but defended the remarks. He supported a High Court challenge to the referendum result. Other anti-divorce campaigners distanced themselves from the comments.
In the run-up to the 1996 referendum on restricting the right to bail, Greene wrote to the United Nations asking for election monitoring of the government's campaign.
In late 1996, Greene's relationship with Muintir na hÉireann broke down. In December, the party executive voted to expel him, but he disputed their authority to do so, as he was the party officer on the Dáil register of parties. The Dáil registrar subsequently decided that Greene was no longer an officer, and he was expelled from the party in March 1997.
Greene sought to get Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown County Council to nominate Dana Rosemary Scallon in the 1997 Presidential election.
Later campaigns.
Greene lost his council seat at the 1999 local elections. He complained that an RTÉ Television documentary about "political dynasties" broadcast before the poll gave an unfair advantage to featured candidates. The Broadcasting Complaints Commission upheld his protest.
Greene opposed the Treaty of Nice and the second referendum on it. He has acted as spokesperson on Television and Radio, for the lobby group Cóir which campaigned against the Treaty of Lisbon. He campaigned against a second Lisbon Treaty referendum and has participated in public forums on behalf of Cóir. On 20 November 2008, he led a three-person delegation from Cóir appearing at meeting of the Oireachtas sub-committee on Ireland's Future in the EU. In his opening statement, he said:
The delegation withdrew shortly after. Senator Paschal Donohoe, who chaired the meeting, said "It was a disgraceful performance. To accuse any member of this committee of an act of treason is the most appalling and disgraceful comment yet made in this House."

</doc>
<doc id="20359630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359630" title="Volcanic group">
Volcanic group

A volcanic group (or, equivalently, a volcanic complex) is a collection of related volcanoes or volcanic landforms. Note that the term is also used in a different sense when it denotes a suite of associated rock strata largely of volcanic origin; see group (stratigraphy) for details.

</doc>
<doc id="20359645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359645" title="Keyport and Oak Grove Turnpike">
Keyport and Oak Grove Turnpike

The Keyport and Oak Grove Turnpike was a proposed turnpike in New Jersey, running south from Keyport to Oak Grove, on the border of Holmdel and Aberdeen townships. The proposed route began at the Monmouth County Plank Road (now Maple Place) in Keyport, and is now followed by Broadway, Lloyd Road and Line Road south to Van Brakle Road.
The Keyport and Oak Grove Turnpike was chartered on February 23, 1870. It was never built.

</doc>
<doc id="20359648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359648" title="Cindy Rogers">
Cindy Rogers

Cindy Rogers is a retired American professional wrestler. She is known for performing on the independent circuit for World Xtreme Wrestling and Shimmer Women Athletes, among others.
Professional wrestling career.
Roger's career started after being trained in the Monster Factory with Larry Sharpe, at the advice of Sgt. Slaughter. After competing for two years, Rogers won her first championship, the WXW Women's Championship, on July 11, 2003 after winning a battle royal.
She has also become famous for her feud with Shimmer founder Allison Danger, as both have competed in several hardcore matches, one of which was most notably the first dog collar match in women's wrestling history, the latter of which was won by Rogers. She debuted in MXW Pro Wrestling in 2006, wrestling Mercedes Martinez in the first MXWomen's match. In 2008, she took time off in order to recuperate from an injury. Eventually, Rogers was forced to retire from professional wrestling due to her injuries. There was one very memorable match that Cindy had with Ariel. In this fight, Cindy grabbed Ariel by the hair. Then she dragged her across the mat by the hair. During this encounter, Cindy was wearing a pair of shiny black spandex tights. Her retirement match against Allison Danger took place on June 25, 2011.
Personal life.
Rogers works at a bank when she is not wrestling. Additionally, she plays the drums and sings in her spare time. Rogers is a huge fan of singer Elvis Presley and makes an annual Pilgrimage to Memphis, Tennessee every year for Elvis Week.

</doc>
<doc id="20359705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359705" title="Orthonitrate">
Orthonitrate

The orthonitrate ion is NO43−. It is only known in two compounds, Na3NO4 and K3NO4 which were prepared by fusion of the nitrate and oxide, e.g.
Orthonitrates are white solids which react with carbon dioxide or water(upon dissolution) easily:
Orthonitrates decompose when heated:
The orthonitrate ion is tetrahedral and the N-O bond length is 139 pm which compares with the sum of the covalent radii of 137 pm and with the bond lengths in nitrates (range 122-127 pm) and nitrites (range 113-123 pm) where there is double bonding.
Other nitrogen oxoanions.
Other nitrogen oxoanions include:

</doc>
<doc id="20359707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359707" title="2010 Medibank International Sydney">
2010 Medibank International Sydney

The 2010 Medibank International Sydney was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 118th edition of the event known that year as the Medibank International Sydney, and was part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the 2010 ATP World Tour, and of the WTA Premier tournaments of the 2010 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events took place at the NSW Tennis Centre in Sydney, Australia, from 10 through 16 January 2010.
Coverage of the event was on Channel Seven, with live coverage of the day sessions and delayed coverage of the night sessions.
WTA entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry into the singles main draw through qualifying:
The following players received entry into the singles main draw through the virtue of being a lucky loser:
ATP entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry into the singles main draw through qualifying:
The following players received the lucky loser spot:

</doc>
<doc id="20359708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359708" title="Mrs. Beautiful">
Mrs. Beautiful

Mrs. Beautiful is an historical novel by the American writer Lester Goran set in 1909 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
It tells the story of Roxanne, a tough heroine from West Virginia who comes north to the boomtown of Pittsburgh. There she becomes involved with characters like Diamond Jim Brady, Lillian Russell, William Trautmann, as well as with events of the Pressed Steel Car Strike of 1909 in nearby McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="20359712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359712" title="Crusader (train)">
Crusader (train)

The Crusader was a streamlined express train that ran on a route from Philadelphia's Reading Terminal to Jersey City's Communipaw Terminal, with a ferry connection to Lower Manhattan. The Reading Railroad provided this service in partnership with the Central Railroad of New Jersey (CNJ), in which it was the majority owner of capital stock. Trains operated over CNJ tracks for the 30 miles from Jersey City to Bound Brook and over the Reading System for the 60 miles from Bound Brook to Philadelphia.
The train was first operated by the Reading Company as the railroad's premier express. A contest was held to find a name for the new train, offering a $250 (US) cash prize to the winner. "The Crusader", the entry of Mr. P. W. Silzer of Plainfield, New Jersey, won the prize, selected by a committee of 29 railroad officials from among 6,086 suggestions.
The "Crusader"s first regular run was on December 13, 1937.
The train was scheduled to make two round trips six days a week. (Sundays were reserved for maintenance work.) Built by the Budd Company of Philadelphia, the original "Crusader" was a five-car stainless-steel streamliner. The train consisted of two stainless-steel coaches, two observation cars and a tavern-dining car. By placing the two round-end observation cars at opposite end of the consist they eliminated the need to turn the train around at the terminals. Thus, only the locomotive had to be turned around at the completion of each trip. Two full coaches bracketed the tavern-dining car which operated in the middle of the train. Also, matching the stainless-steel cars were two streamlined Pacific Steam locomotives. Each locomotive had a specially-built tender (coal car) that wrapped around the observation car directly behind it.
In the early 1950s, the steam engines were replaced with diesel-powered EMD FP7 locomotives. In 1962, the five-car consist of stainless steel cars was sold to the Canadian National Railway and the train then used smooth-sided cars made for the other Philadelphia–Jersey City Reading train: the "Wall Street". In 1967, the Aldene Plan went into effect, which closed the Communipaw Terminal and diverted trains to Newark Penn Station, the locomotive-hauled service ended and was replaced by two Budd RDC cars. The trains could not go beyond Newark Penn Station to New York Penn Station because the locomotives are diesel-powered, and the Hudson River Pennsylvania Railroad tunnels cannot take diesel trains. Deteriorating track and additional stops caused the length of the trip to increase from 90 minutes (during its Streamliner days to Jersey City) to 1 hour 50 minutes. Through service from Philadelphia to Newark terminated on July 30, 1981.
This service continued under SEPTA from 1976 until 1981, when SEPTA eliminated diesel-powered trains with the imminent completion of the Center City Commuter Connection. New Jersey Transit, which had taken over former CNJ commuter service, operated one round trip each weekday between Newark and West Trenton. At West Trenton connections were made with SEPTA electric MU trains to Philadelphia. This service ended on December 3, 1982 when the NJ Transit shuttle made its final trip. NJT has explored restoring the service as its own West Trenton Line.
Two of the train's five cars are known to survive. One of the observation cars is in the collection of the Railroad Museum of Pennsylvania at Strasburg, Pennsylvania. The other observation was in service as part of the Spirit of Washington Dinner Train in Washington state until 2007, and is now part of the passenger car fleet of Iowa Pacific Holdings.

</doc>
<doc id="20359723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359723" title="Henry Lester">
Henry Lester

Henry Lester (1840–1926) was a British architect, merchant and philanthropist in Shanghai.
Birth and life in Britain.
He was born in Southampton, 1840. He had three brothers, and he was the youngest among the four. After finishing his study in a university, he came back to Southampton with a bachelor degree of architecture. Unluckily, all of his brothers died of an unknown disease. It left a heavy burden and horror in his heart. One doctor told him that he should leave his homeland, then he left Southampton with sadness and disconsolation. Henry took a cargo ship to Shanghai with another Briton, Gordon Morriss, who became his partner afterward.
Early years in Shanghai.
Henry arrived in Shanghai in 1867, and worked in Shanghai Municipal Council. Three years later, he ended that work after the expiration of his contract. Then he attended Shanghai Real Estate Agency, which was opened by Edwin Smith, who is an American, and he became a main shareholder of the agency. After Mr. Smith's retiring, Henry's own company, Lester, Johnson&Morriss(Chinese:德和洋行), took over all the assets of Shanghai Real Estate Agency and then Henry became one of the richest merchants in Shanghai.
Mr. Lester and his company.
According to the stipulation of Shanghai Municipal Council, staff members could not participate in its main business services and trade activities. Henry opened its own company, Lester. H, until the expiration of his contract. His compatriots Gordon Morris, George A. Johnson became shareholders together afterward. They renamed the company 'Lester, Johnson & Morris' and the Chinese name was kept as before. It became one of the most well-known architect offices. It is hard to know how many architectures did this office design and construct.
Main architectures.
Most of them are historic architectures in Shanghai.
Heritage.
Mr. Henry Lester bequeathed most of his assets to establish and endow the Henry Lester Trust Limited, which support Chinese Students study in UK.

</doc>
<doc id="20359728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359728" title="Toaping Castle">
Toaping Castle

The Toaping Castle was a house in present-day Greenbelt, Maryland, built circa 1750 by Charles, Isaac and Nathan Walker, three brothers who fled to America from Scotland. The Walker brothers constructed the house on a land grant in an area that eventually became Greenbelt. Samuel Hamilton Walker was born at Toaping Castle in 1817 and later served as a Texas Ranger and U.S. Army officer who died in the Mexican–American War.
On the historical marker, located in front of a TGI Friday's restaurant at the corner of Greenbelt Road and Walker Drive, states that only the family cemetery remains of Toaping Castle. The cemetery is located at the end of Walker Drive in the woods behind a large parking structure, and contains the graves of Isaac and Nathan Walker. 

</doc>
<doc id="20359735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359735" title="New Katraj Tunnel">
New Katraj Tunnel

The New Katraj Tunnel is a highway tunnel located on the NH 4, Pune, in Maharashtra state of India. It is a three-laned tunnel which stretches 1338 metres on The Katraj Ghat. This tunnel replaced the Old Katraj Tunnel.
It was opened on December 15, 2006 by Chief Minister Mr. Vilasrao Deshmukh. The tunnel is part of the Golden Quadrilateral Project.

</doc>
<doc id="20359764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359764" title="434th Fighter Training Squadron">
434th Fighter Training Squadron

The 434th Flying Training Squadron (434 FTS) is part of the 47th Flying Training Wing based at Laughlin Air Force Base, Texas. It operates T-6 Texan II aircraft conducting flight training. 
History.
World War II.
Activated on 15 October 1943 at Grand Central Air Terminal, near Long Beach, California. Equipped with the Lockheed P-38F Lightning, trained for combat and served as an air defense organization for the west coast as part of IV Fighter Command.
Even though the defense of the US west coast initially took priority, it was decided to deploy Lightning squadrons to Britain for heavy bomber escort duty. The squadron was reassigned to RAF Wattisham, England, April–May 1944, and assigned to VIII Fighter Command, Eighth Air Force. 
From England, the squadron escorted heavy bombers during operations against targets on the Continent, strafed targets of opportunity, and flew fighter-bomber, counter-air, and area-patrol missions. Engaged primarily in B-17/B-24 escort activities and fighter sweeps until the Normandy invasion in June 1944.
Patrolled the beachhead during the invasion. Strafed and dive-bombed troops, bridges, locomotives, railway cars, barges, vehicles, airfields, gun emplacements, flak towers, ammunition dumps, power stations, and radar sites while on escort or fighter-bomber missions as the Allies drove across France during the summer and fall of 1944. The unit flew area patrols to support the breakthrough at Saint-Lô in July and the airborne attack on Holland in September. The unit continued escort and fighter-bomber activities from October to mid-December 1944. It converted to P-51s between 10 September and 1 October, using both types on missions until conversion was completed.
Participated in the Battle of the Bulge (December 1944 – January 1945) by escorting bombers to and from targets in the battle area and by strafing transportation targets while on escort duty. From February to April 1945 it continued to fly escort missions, but also provided area patrols to support the airborne attack across the Rhine in March.
Returned to Camp Kilmer New Jersey in November 1945, and was inactivated on December 1945.
Cold War.
The squadron trained as fighter-day, and later, tactical fighter squadron from, 1952-1962. It was not manned from, 3 January 1962-October 1966. In 1966, began training F-4 Phantom II crews for assignment in Southeast Asia. In August 1972, the squadron deployed to Thailand, where it served under operational control of 49th Tactical Fighter Wing. It engaged in combat over North and South Vietnam. It redeployed to the U.S. in October 1972. By 1975, the 434th provided combat aircrew training for U.S. and Allied pilots. From 1977-1991, the squadron trained pilots, weapon systems officers, and forward air controllers.

</doc>
<doc id="20359770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359770" title="Diplopodia">
Diplopodia

Diplopodia is a congenital anomaly in tetrapods that involves duplication of elements of the foot on the hind limb. It comes from the Greek roots diplo = "double" and pod = "foot". Diplopodia is often found in conjunction with other structural abnormalities and can be lethal. It is more extreme than polydactyly, the presence of extra digits.
Description.
The affected leg usually has one foot that is in an approximately normal position. The extra foot is composed of at least some metatarsal or tarsal bones and extra digits, though it is usually not complete. The feet can be joined together, so that the limb appears to have one large foot, or the extra foot can be joined to the limb separately, usually above the level of the other foot. Diplopodia affects one or both of the hind limbs.
Causes.
Recessive alleles of some genes involved in embryonic limb patterning produce bilateral diplopodia, and diplopodia can be experimentally induced in early embryos. Many instances of diplopodia in humans have no apparent cause.
People have been able to produce diplopod limbs by increasing sonic hedgehog (shh) signaling in the limb buds of embryos. The zone of polarizing activity (ZPA) in the proximal posterior mesoderm of a tetrapod limb bud is responsible for maintaining the anterior-posterior axis of the growing limb. The ZPA secretes shh protein, which induces formation of the distal segment of the limb, or autopod, with its posterior side facing the ZPA. When ZPA cells, non-ZPA cells made to express shh, or simply shh protein-soaked beads are implanted in the anterior side of a limb bud, the end of the resulting limb is duplicated, as in diplopodia. The posterior autopod on that limb has the normal orientation, and the extra, anterior autopod has a reversed anterior-posterior axis. This is because the original ZPA and the added source of shh signaling each induce the formation of an autopod.
Diplopodia in humans.
Diplopodia is often found in combination with aplasia or hypoplasia of the tibia. Sometimes, the tibia is replaced by another fibula The extra foot is almost always joined to the normal foot, though a case was described where a nearly complete extra foot joined to the back of the ankle.
Diplopodia in chickens.
People have identified five recessive lethal mutations in chickens that cause bilateral diplopodia. The genes are numbered in the order of their discoveries, with the symbols dp-1, dp-2, dp-3, dp-4, and dp-5.
Chickens normally have an anisodactyl toe arrangement, with one short toe pointing backwards and three long toes pointing forwards. In diplopodia, the feet usually lack the normal hind toe and instead develop two to four extra toes at various positions between the hock joint and the front toes. The toes are almost always connected to extra tarso-metatarsal bones, though sometimes the toes do not contain any bone. Embryos with diplopodia have been found with numbers of digits on one wing ranging from one to seven, while normal embryos have three digits per wing. Diplopod limb buds first differ visibly from normal limb buds by their abnormally thick and long apical ectodermal ridges. Diplopodia usually delays the embryonic growth of cartilage, bone, and tendon by two days, particularly in the limbs. Other characteristics frequently seen in diplopodia mutants are shortened wings and legs, short upper beak, and smaller embryo size. Many embryos reach the final embryonic stage but then are unable to hatch, though, diplopod embryos can occasionally hatch and mature.
Single diplopodia mutations produce wide ranges of phenotypes sharing these general characteristics and can even affect individual chickens' left and right legs differently. The ranges of phenotypes produced by the different mutations also overlap broadly, so diplopodia mutations sometimes need to be distinguished by their phenotype distributions. Dr. Ursula Abbott has extensively studied the phenotypes and descriptions of the first four diplopodia mutations and has ranked them from least severe to most severe: dp-3, dp-1, dp-4, dp-2.
Diplopodia-1
This autosomal mutation gives homozygotes duplicated wing tips and feet in front of the usual structures, as in the experimentally induced diplopodia described above. However, unlike the experimentally manipulated embryos, these embryos show no change in shh expression. The embryos express hoxd-11, hoxd-12, hoxd-13, Bmp-2, and Fgf-4 along the whole edge of each limb bud, even though these genes are normally only expressed at the posterior edge.
Diplopodia-2
This is an autosomal trait that gives a very extreme diplopod phenotype, with up to eight toes on a foot. In some embryos, the two outer front toes on each foot are joined together. The trait is now extinct and was never fully characterized. 
Diplopodia-3
This is an autosomal trait that may be the least severe of the five.
Diplopodia-4
This sex-linked mutation is similar to the previous mutations, but causes the embryo to grow thicker wing bones.
Diplopodia-5
This is an autosomal mutation that gives embryos webbing between the inner two front toes on each foot, in addition to the usual characteristics of diplopodia. Almost all of the embryos survive to the end of incubation, but they are unable to clear the fluid from their lungs or absorb the blood from their extraembryonic vessels. These problems always prevent them from hatching. Almost all diplopodia-5 embryos have only one or two extra toes on each foot, so this mutation causes the least extreme foot malformation.

</doc>
<doc id="20359811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359811" title="List of the vascular plants in the Red Data Book of Russia">
List of the vascular plants in the Red Data Book of Russia

This is a complete and as of 2009 up-to-date list of vascular plants listed in the Red Data Book of the Russian Federation and protected in Russia at the federal level.

</doc>
<doc id="20359833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359833" title="D-Noy Muzik">
D-Noy Muzik

D-Noy Muzik is a label founded by Daniel Desnoyers in June 1999 within the Donald K. Donald Group. In 2003, DKD D-Noy Muzik became D-Noy Muzik, for which Dan Desnoyers is the sole owner. D-Noy releases all of his CDs on this label.
Artists.
List of artists signed to D-Noy Muzik.

</doc>
<doc id="20359854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359854" title="Sir John Waller, 7th Baronet">
Sir John Waller, 7th Baronet

Sir John Stanier Waller, 7th Baronet (27 July 1917 – 22 January 1995) was an English author, poet and journalist. He was one of the group of Cairo poets during World War II
Waller was the son of Captain Stanier Waller and Alice Harris, who was a barmaid before she married. His father died of wounds from the First World War. He was educated at Weymouth College and Worcester College, Oxford. In 1939 Waller founded the magazine "Kingdom Come" which he edited. He served in the Middle East from 1941 to 1946 and was initially with the Royal Army Service Corps. Then he was posted to the Ministry of Information, where his sergeant-major was the poet G. S. Fraser. During the time in Cairo he founded the with Keith Bullen (poet) and John Cromer and launched "Oasis: the Middle East Anthology of Poetry from the Forces" in August 1943.
After the war he wrote a number of works - "The Merry Ghosts", "Crusade", "The Kiss of Stars" He edited books and was presented with the Greenwood Award for Poetry in 1947 and became FRSL in 1948. He became Information Officer in the Overseas Press Division of the Central Office of Information. In 1954 on the death of Sir Edmund Waller, 6th Baronet, he inherited the baronetcy. However he lost his inherited income as business ventures failed and he gave up writing.
Waller was awarded the Keats Prize in 1974. In 1976 he helped set up the Salamander Oasis Trust. This was originally intended just to reprint Oasis, but Waller suggested collating as much as possible of the material that had not been used, which resulted in four anthologies.
Waller lived in Isleworth, and in 1974 he married Anne Eileen Mileham. The marriage ended in divorce, without children; Lady Waller was declared bankrupt in 1990.
He died at Ventnor, Isle of Wight on 22 January 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20359856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359856" title="IPP Open">
IPP Open

The IPP Open is a tennis tournament held in Helsinki, Finland, since 2001. The event is part of the ATP Challenger Series and is played on indoor hard courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20359859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359859" title="Mark Templeton (electronic musician)">
Mark Templeton (electronic musician)

Mark Templeton (born 1976) is a Canadian experimental electronic artist. Templeton's works are released by New York City record label Anticipate Recordings.
Background.
Templeton utilizes acoustic instruments, found sounds and sampled material to construct textured, collage-like electronic compositions His style has been called 'glitchy', but also 'painterly', in an attempt to describe his deconstruction and crumbling of instruments' traditional voices. 
His works have been commissioned by organizations of contemporary dance, film and audiovisual disciplines. Collaborations with experimental filmmakers aAron Munson and Kyle Armstrong and sound artists Nicola Ratti and Ezekiel Honig have produced numerous works on various formats.
Templeton has performed at international festivals and alternative spaces such as MUTEK (Montreal), Unsound Festival (Kraków), send+receive: a festival of sound (Winnipeg), Eat This Festival (Utrecht), Galapagos (New York), Latitude 53 (Edmonton) and Suoni Per Il Popolo Festival (Montreal).

</doc>
<doc id="20359864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359864" title="Hell's Heroes (novel)">
Hell's Heroes (novel)

"Hell's Heroes" is the tenth and final installment in Darren Shan's "The Demonata" series.
Overview.
The book was released in the UK and Ireland on 1 October 2009 and in the US on 1 May 2010. Darren Shan's personal blog confirmed the title of the book in the December edition of Shanville Monthly, his monthly newsletter. The narrator of this book is Grubitsch "Grubbs" Grady The cover features Grubbs in his wolfen form, Kernel without his eyes and Bec holding the crystal chessboard that Lord Loss had taken from Drust in Bec with The Original Universe in the background. The backcover has a chessboard pattern on it with words saying ""Game Over"" over it. One page after the book finishes, Darren Shan has advertised his brand new book, "The Thin Executioner" which was released in 2010.
Plot.
The novel begins with Grubbs and Dervish talking in a cave. The wounded Dervish is awaiting his imminent death, but he and Grubbs take it in their normal humorous stride. Grubbs reflects on how Dervish has always been there for him and begins to recall memories of his time with his uncle. Dervish dies during Grubbs' reflections. Grubbs takes his body into the open air and begins the slow, painful process of digging his uncle's grave.
The story then moves on by a month. Grubbs has been fighting wave after wave of demons that are breaking through all over the globe. He has gathered another group of werewolves but is slowly being worn down. He has been having a recurring dream of Lord Loss's kingdom, but one night it changes and he sees Lord Loss and Bec’s souls go into the Earth’s first chessboard. When they reappear it seems that Bec has made a deal with Lord Loss, and this assures Grubbs that Bec has betrayed them. This spurs him, Kernel and Kirilli Kovacs to action (even though Kernel would rather not); in the dream it seems that Bec is going to show Lord Loss the locations of lodestones so that they can create a tunnel between universes. Therefore, they decide to destroy as many lodestones as they can before Bec can get to them, and go to the only lodestone whose location they know, the one at Carcery Vale.
When they get there, they walk around Dervish's old mansion for a while, and then reopen the tunnel to the lodestone in the forest. Grubbs smashes the stone against the wall, so that it cannot be used. As they are about to leave Shark (an ex-soldier and Disciple) and Timas Brauss (a slightly weird computer genius) come in. After quite a brief conversation they decide that they should go to face Lord Loss and Bec on their home turf, but Grubbs says that Kernel can leave if he wants. Grubbs is able to open a window to a world that they know is safe, and Kernel starts to rebuild his eyes. Before he finishes, another window opens. Demons pour through and reawaken the demon master in that world, forcing them through the window to Lord Loss's realm. They free Lord loss's prisoners(one of the prisoners being Bo Kooniart, a girl in Slawter). They confront and battle the demon master and Bec, and their former ally reveals that she has indeed decided to work with Lord Loss. When they have stopped fighting Lord Loss reveals thousands of humans in the rooms around them whose souls have been trapped in the original chessboard. As they watch, Bec kills everyone in the board and releases Death who shares its body with Bec. Kernel completes a window and the others follow narrowly escaping the new Deathly-Bec.
Kernel realises that now that Death is back on the scene there is no hope for the Earth, so he decides to go back to the 'Ark' to save a small part of the life from this universe. Kirilli has the idea to get the Old Creatures to help protect the Earth, so Grubbs agrees to the plan. When Kernel has opened a window, they decide that only Grubbs and Kernel should go to meet the Raz(the Old Creature that Kernel has met before). Grubbs begins to make the request to Raz, but, having read his mind, Raz states that the Old Creatures will not help. As Grubbs is about to go home, another window opens and Deathly-Bec comes through, explaining that she can go anywhere Kernel has been, and that she knows where the 'Ark' is. She then attacks and kills Raz, but this drains some of Death’s power, and she regains enough control of herself to shout at Kernel and Grubs to get away before Death kills them and can reunite the Kah-Gash. They do as she suggests and return to the others, but Grubbs is now suspicious that Bec is not as evil and demonic as they thought.
They resign themselves to the end of the world, but decide that they should try to kill as many demons as they can before the world falls. When they go back to Earth, the world is being besieged by demons, who have managed to open a tunnel. They decide that they might as well try to close the tunnel and forestall the annihilation of Earth. They fight with a new vigor (even Kernel, who did not like the fighting, has decided that there is nothing to lose anymore), make it to the tunnel entrance and destroy the lodestone, causing the demons to be sucked back to their realm. However, this is just the first of many tunnels that are going to open, so the team decide to just go for the tunnels that threaten the world as a whole, and leave the ones that can only cover a few hundred kilometres.
After four days Kernel sees the lights going wild, the sign that a tunnel of great power is opening. A team fronted by Grubbs, Kernel, Kirilli, Shark and Timas go to the edge of a cliff where the tunnel is (this is the place that Bec and Drust travel to in the fourth book and where we see the Old Creatures for the first time). Grubbs uses the power coming through the forming tunnel to re-enact Moses and the parts the sea, and then creates steps down to the cave and tunnel. Timas stays on top, and he and Shark inform the others that they have arranged for nuclear devices all over the world to be detonated if the team fail, therefore causing the humans to be killed instantly, instead of waiting for the demons to torture them.
On the way down the Kah-Gash informs Grubbs that it never wanted to manipulate them, and is not working for the demons or humans. This means that Grubbs can use the ancient weapon as much as he wants, and it will do whatever he wants. When they go in, they find the tunnel entrance and Lord Loss and Deathly-Bec waiting for them. While the tunnel is opening, a fight breaks out, and Grubbs manages to catch Lord Loss by surprise using his and Kernel's parts of the Kah-Gash, taking him out of action for a while. The pair begins to seal the tunnel again, but then Bec steps in. She diverts Kernel and Grubbs's power into herself, giving the masters in the tunnel the opportunity to burst through. This is when Grubbs realises that Lord Loss, who he has been afraid of since his parents and sister were slaughtered, was only one of the lesser demon masters, and that the ones that are pouring through at the moment are many times stronger than him.
In the following fight Kirilli is decapitated then carved into many pieces, and Shark is melted along with most of the other werewolves and soldiers. In a last attempt Kernel and Grubbs grab Bec to try to blow her up in the tunnel to close it, but when they get her to the mouth of the tunnel and direct all their energy into her, nothing happens. Bec begins to control the weapon, and in a last attempt to stop her, Grubbs cuts the flow of energy to her, but then she winks at him. This catches him by surprise, and he quickly makes the decision that she was not trying to fool him, so instead of cutting the power to Bec, he increases it, directing all the power around them into the girl. The Kah-Gash becomes fully active, and starts a similar process as it did in the sixth book, but at much more advanced stage. They begin to rip everything in our universe and the Demonata’s to shreds, Bec then tells them to go to the Crux (the place where both universes expanded from), and reveals that she is following a plan devised by Beranabus. When they arrive at the Crux, they split into sixty four pieces, and slot all of the body of the Kah-Gash back together. The original universe is back in place, with the Demonata in the white zones and the Old Creatures in the black zones.
Bec has restored the old universe, but now the Kah-Gash has the three teenagers as a mind. Bec explains that because she is the Kah-Gash’s memory she memorised everything as they destroyed it, so that now the three of them can rebuild the human universe exactly as it was. Grubbs believes that now that they have restored the old universe, everything will happen as it did before, the Kah-Gash will split, and everything will repeat itself if they recreate everything, but Kernel realises what the next part of the plan was. As they now hold the universe together, they hold everything inside together, including the demons. This means that they can easily undo those bonds and destroy the demons. However, Bec persuades them out of destroying every demon, and Kernel shows them a clip of the past where Beranabus tells Grubbs that most of the demons are not worth bothering about. This sways Grubbs into the others’ way of thinking, and the three decide to destroy all the demon masters who have the potential to cross, leaving only one. 
Having decided to kill Lord Loss personally, they reform their bodies and meet the last master. As they go to kill him, Bec stops them, revealing that she had made a deal with Lord Loss in the chess board: he would protect Bec if she would spare him. After an disagreement, they realise that Bec's other reason for sparing him was to let him be the necessary diabolical figure feared by the recreated beings of the universe. It is revealed that he will now be set to rule the Demonata, making sure that everything happens as it did before. It is also to be noted that Lord Loss admits that the universe(s) would be a better place without the stronger demon masters.
The poem that Darren Shan wrote (which inspired this series and is in the front of "Lord Loss") is repeated.
The trio then leave Lord Loss, choose a black square at random and prepare to restart the human universe with the Big Bang therein, making sure that everything is as it was the first time. However, they decide that everything will not be exactly as it was before; to stop our world falling to the Demonata again, they will have to change history. Choosing a point just before Bec was born, they intervene to prevent the series of events which led to Death developing a consciousness. Grubbs also wishes to make a few more tweaks, such as letting his parents live and giving Dervish a stronger heart. The three decide that they will spend more time discussing how much they should change, and the extent of their alterations is therefore not explicitly stated. They also decide, to appease the Old Creatures, to retain the original universe alongside the new human universe. Since this time the Kah-Gash makes the conscious decision to create the Big-Bang, instead of a result of the demons crossing through the zones of the Old Universe, Grubbs, Kernel and Bec can retain the Old Universe and leave the Old Creatures to live in their zones.
As the trigger of the Kah-Gash, Grubbs then has the job of starting the Big Bang. The series ends with Grubbs saying a slightly changed biblical quote:
"In the beginning Grubbs created the Heavens and the Earth and everything was dark. Then Grubbs said 'Let there be light.' "
And there was light.
Grubbs then says:""Coolio!""
Lord Loss Poem.
The poem 'Lord Loss' is included just after the three protagonists confront Lord Loss. It is repeated from the first Demonata book, this time, under the chapter name of 'Once More, With Feeling'. This brief but powerful interlude shows the hidden meaning of the poem: it describes the place Lord Loss had in the Demonata universe as a weaker master, and how Bec hatched a plan with him so that he could become the most powerful demon in the universe to give humanity and other intelligent beings the 'Darkness to their light', the way they can judge right from wrong, and their way to survive.
Few lines in the poem have gained any greater power, but those that have gain masses. The third line down tells of the master’s existence before 'In the center of the web, lowly Lord Loss bows his head' meaning that he was lowly and weaker than his brethren, and had to stay out of their way ('bow his head' to them). Also, the line " twirls his thumbs till the reaper comes, also holds meaning. It may mean when the other demon masters are wiped out, with the Kah-Gash as the "reaper"(s), or the reaper being death itself. "The last line also holds a deeper meaning of notable power. 'In the centre of the web, lush Lord Loss is all that's left' explains in poetic forms what he will do in the new order of the universes, that as the most powerful demon he will command the sorrows of the human race, the earth being once more his personal playground. 
The poem of Lord Loss almost tells the story of the Demonata series in a very blank and biased way.
Obvious Fact

</doc>
<doc id="20359883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359883" title="Dave Betts">
Dave Betts

David Michael Albert "Dave" Betts (born November 30, 1957 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian rock drummer, best known as the drummer for Canadian rock band Honeymoon Suite.
The son of Albert Arthur Betts (1927-2011) and Muriel Jean Betts (née Thomson) (1925–1985), Dave was raised in Toronto and attended Roywood Drive Public School, Donview Heights Junior High and George S. Henry Secondary School. After high school, attended Fanshawe College in London, Ontario Canada, where he studied Music Industry Arts.
After failing to complete program, he worked at Long & McQuade in Toronto selling drums for one year.
Betts began his music career playing and recording for Steve Blimkie and The Reason (1979–1982), who had two releases on Ready Records. In 1983, he joined Honeymoon Suite, replacing their original drummer, Mike Lengyell. He recorded and toured extensively with the band for eight years, before leaving in 1991. 
From 1992 to 2003, He worked for SOCAN in member service/relations in Toronto.
In 2007, Betts reunited with the other "classic line-up" members of Honeymoon Suite (although original keyboardist Ray Coburn has since left the band), where he has continued to this day. 
He also teaches Music Publishing And Copyright at Harris Institute in Toronto, Canada.
He is married to Jennifer Mossop and has one daughter, Aylish Betts.

</doc>
<doc id="20359885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359885" title="Alexander S. Foxhall">
Alexander S. Foxhall

Alexander Sterling Foxhall (born 25 October 1969) is an Australian-based children's author.
Life.
Foxhall was born to Peter Christopher Foxhall and Glenda Jill "Jill" Foxhall née Pender in 1969, the eldest of four children of that marriage, his father having a son by his first wife.
Foxhall is a publisher and reserve Royal Australian Air Force officer as well as an author. He is married with eight children. Since late 2007, he has worked in the corrective services industry. He is currently correctional manager operations at Parklea Correctional Centre near Blacktown, New South Wales.
Until late 2009, Foxhall ran the Peranga post office and general store and was Peranga Community Association president.
Works.
He stated that I was a big fan of Enid Blyton as a youngster, and really enjoy the looks on my children's faces when I read her works to them. I want people to have similar experiences with my books.
Following in his parents' Christian faith Foxhall's books generally have a religious basis.
~ My grandma has gone to heaven / by Alex S. Foxhall ; illustrations by Annabelle Nieuwenhuizen
by Foxhall, Alexander S., 1969-
Published Vereeniging, South Africa. : Christian Art Publishers, 2000; second edition 2002
~ My ouma is hemel toe / by Alex S. Foxhall ; illustrations by Annabelle Nieuwenhuizen (Afrikaans language)
by Foxhall, Alexander S., 1969-
Published Vereeniging, South Africa. : Christian Art Publishers, 2000; second edition 2002
~ The woodcutter's son : an original fairytale / by Alexander S. Foxhall ; artwork by Noel Foley
by Foxhall, Alexander S., 1969-
Published Peranga, Qld. : Peranga Books, 2002
~ Silly Willy / by Alexander S. Foxhall ; artwork by Noel Foley
by Foxhall, Alexander S., 1969-
Published Peranga, Qld. : Peranga Books, 2002
~ George's hunt for treasure : activity book / by Alexander S. Foxhall ; artwork by Timothy Foxhall
by Foxhall, Alexander S., 1969-
Published Peranga, Qld. : Peranga Post Publishers, 2002
~ No is an answer too / Alexander S. Foxhall ; artwork by Daniel Heck
by Foxhall, Alexander S., 1969-
Published Peranga, Qld. : Peranga Post Publishers, 2003
~ The king's magnificent garden / S. Foxhall ; artwork by Wendy Holm
by Foxhall, Alexander S., 1969-
Published Peranga, Qld. : Peranga Post, 2004
~ Half a century of bowls : a history of the Peranga & district bowls club / Alexander S Foxhall
by Foxhall, Alexander S., 1969-
Published Peranga, Qld : Peranga Post Publishers, 2003

</doc>
<doc id="20359889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359889" title="Geneva score">
Geneva score

The Geneva score is a clinical prediction rule used in determining the pre-test probability of pulmonary embolism (PE) based on a patient's risk factors and clinical findings. It has been shown to be as accurate as the Wells Score, and is less reliant on the experience of the doctor applying the rule. The Geneva score has been revised and simplified from its original version. The simplified Geneva score is the newest version and predicted to have the same diagnostic utility as the original Geneva score.
Original Geneva Score.
The original Geneva score is calculated using 7 risk factors and clinical variables:
The score obtained relates to the probability of the patient having had a pulmonary embolism (the lower the score, the lower the probability):
Revised Geneva Score.
More recently, the revised Geneva score has been introduced. This simplifies the scoring process, and has also been shown to be as effective as the Wells score.
The revised score uses 8 parameters, but does not include figures which require an arterial blood gas sample to be performed:
The score obtained relates to probability of PE:
The probabilities derived from the scoring systems can be used to determine the need for, and nature of, further investigations such as D-dimer, ventilation/perfusion scanning and CT pulmonary angiography to confirm or refute the diagnosis of PE.
Simplified Geneva Score.
A newer revision referred to as the simplified revised Geneva score has been prospectively studied and reported in the Archives of Internal Medicine on October 27 of 2008. The simplified scoring system replaced the weighted scores for each parameter with a 1 point score for each parameter present to reduce the likelihood of error when the score is used in a clinical setting. The report noted that the simplified Geneva score does not lead to a decrease in diagnostic utility in evaluating patients for a PE when compared to previous Geneva scores.
The simplified Geneva score:
Patients with a score of 2 or less are considered unlikely to have a current PE. Authors suggest that the likelihood of patients having a PE with a simplified Geneva score less than 2 and a normal D-Dimer is 3 percent.

</doc>
<doc id="20359900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359900" title="List of abstract strategy games">
List of abstract strategy games

An abstract strategy game is a board, card or other game with perfect information, no chance or physical skill, and (usually) two players or teams. Some board games which do not involve the removal of taken pieces can be played as pen-and-paper games.
"n-in-a-row" games.
Those marked † can also be played as paper and pencil games.
Other games.
Those marked † can also be played as paper and pencil games.

</doc>
<doc id="20359934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359934" title="Hamid Nawaz Khan">
Hamid Nawaz Khan

Lieutenant General Hamid Nawaz Khan, HI(M), was a career Pakistan Army soldier who served as Federal Interior Minister from November 2007 to April 2008 and Defence Secretary of Pakistan from 2001 to 2005. He also held Chair positions at Pakistan International Airlines, the Civil Aviation Authority and the Fauji Foundation.
Education and Army Career.
Nawaz Khan was a commerce graduate with honours from Punjab University and M.Sc. in War Studies from Quaid-i-Azam University Islamabad. He was commissioned in the army in 1966 and served for 34 years, where he was the chief of staff in a Corps Headquarters and Instructor in Command and Staff College, Quetta and National Defence University, Islamabad. He commanded the 33rd Infantry Division at Quetta for three years (1995–1998), served as Chief Instructor of Armed Forces War College at the then National Defense College, Islamabad (1998–2000). He was then promoted to Lieutenant General in March 2000 and posted as the Vice Chief of the General Staff (VCGS) from where he retired in March 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20359936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359936" title="England–Wales border">
England–Wales border

The England–Wales border is the official border and mark of entry between Wales and England, two of the four countries of the United Kingdom. It runs for 257 km (160 miles) from the Dee estuary, in the north, to the Severn estuary in the south. It has followed very broadly the same line since the 8th century, and in part generally follows the line of Offa's Dyke, a linear earthwork. However, the modern boundary was essentially fixed in 1535/36, when the former marcher lordships which occupied the border area were abolished and new county boundaries were created.
The administrative boundary of Wales was confirmed in the Local Government Act 1972, which was implemented in 1974. Whether Monmouthshire, created in 1535/36, was part of Wales, or an English county treated for most purposes as though it were Welsh, was also settled by the 1972 Act, which included it within Wales. (No Act of Parliament specifically separated Monmouthshire from Wales or added it to England.)
Geography.
The modern boundary between Wales and England runs from the salt marshes of the Dee estuary adjoining the Wirral Peninsula, across reclaimed land to the River Dee at Saltney just west of Chester. It then loops south to include within England an area south-west of Chester, before rejoining the Dee, and then loops east of the river to include within Wales a large area known as Maelor, formerly an exclave of Flintshire, between Bangor-on-Dee (in Wales) and Whitchurch (in England). Returning to the River Dee as far as Chirk, the boundary then loops to the west, following Offa's Dyke itself for about 2 miles, and including within England the town of Oswestry, before reaching the River Vyrnwy at Llanymynech. It follows the Vyrnwy to its confluence with the River Severn, and then continues southwards, rising over Long Mountain east of Welshpool. East of Montgomery, the boundary again follows the line of Offa's Dyke for about 2 miles, before looping eastwards to include within Wales a large area near Churchstoke. It then runs westwards to the River Teme, and follows the river south-eastwards through Knighton before turning south towards the River Lugg at Presteigne, which is within Wales.
The boundary continues southwards across hills to the River Wye, and follows the river upstream for a short distance to Hay-on-Wye, on the Welsh side of the border. It continues southwards and rises through and across the Black Mountains, following the Hatterall Ridge past Llanthony on the Welsh side and Longtown on the English side, to reach the River Monnow near Pandy. It then generally follows the river, past Pontrilas (in England) and Skenfrith (in Wales), towards Monmouth, looping eastwards to include the town itself and a surrounding area within Wales. At Redbrook, the boundary again reaches the Wye, and follows the river southwards, past Tintern and Chepstow on the Welsh side, to its confluence with the Severn at the Severn Bridge. The boundary then continues down the Severn estuary towards the Bristol Channel, with the small island of Flat Holm being administered within Wales and the neighbouring island of Steep Holm within England.
Administrative boundary.
The boundary passes between the current local authority principal areas of Flintshire, Wrexham, Powys and Monmouthshire, in Wales; and Cheshire West and Chester, Shropshire, Herefordshire and Forest of Dean district of Gloucestershire, in England.
In relation to the historic counties, it passes between the historic counties of Flintshire, Denbighshire, Montgomeryshire, Radnorshire, Brecknockshire and Monmouthshire on the Welsh side; and Cheshire, Shropshire, Herefordshire and Gloucestershire on the English side.
There are several places where the border runs along the centre of a lane or street, resulting in properties on one side of the street being in Wales and those on the other side being in England. Notable examples include Boundary Lane in Saltney and the main street of Llanymynech.
History.
Origins.
Before and during the Roman occupation of Britain, all the native inhabitants of the island (other than the Pictish and Caledonian tribes of what is now Scotland) spoke Brythonic languages, a sub-family of the Celtic languages, and were regarded as Britons. The clear geographical divide between the mountainous western areas of southern Britain and the generally lower-lying areas to the east was reflected in the pattern of Roman occupation. The main Roman military bases for the control of what became Wales were beyond the mountains, at "Deva" (Chester), "Viroconium" (Wroxeter, near Shrewsbury), and "Isca Augusta" (Caerleon, near Newport), all located close to the later national border.
When the Roman garrison left around 410, the various parts of Britain were left to govern and defend themselves. The western area, later Wales, had become largely Christian, and soon comprised a number of separate kingdoms, the largest being Gwynedd in the northwest and Powys in the east. Powys roughly coincided with the territory of the Celtic Cornovii tribe whose "civitas" or administrative centre during the Roman period was at "Viroconium". Gwynedd, at the height of its power, extended as far east as the Dee estuary. Gradually, from the 5th century onwards, pagan tribes from the east, including the Angles and Saxons, conquered eastern and southern Britain, which later became England.
In the south, the Welsh kingdom of Gwent broadly covered the same area as the pre-Roman Silures, traditionally the area between the rivers Usk, Wye and the Severn estuary. It was centred at different times on "Venta" (Caerwent), from which it derived its name, and "Isca Augusta" (Caerleon). Gwent generally allied with, and at various times was joined with, the smaller Welsh kingdom of Ergyng, centred in present-day southern Herefordshire west of the Wye (and deriving its name from the Roman town of "Ariconium"); and the larger kingdom of Glywysing in modern Glamorgan. The name Glywysing may indicate that it was founded by a British native of "Glevum" (Gloucester).
The Battle of Mons Badonicus, circa 500, could have been fought near Bath between the British, the victors, and Anglo-Saxons attempting to reach the Severn estuary, but its date and location are very uncertain and it may equally well have taken place in Somerset or Dorset. However, it is more certain that the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Wessex emerged in the 6th and 7th centuries in the upper Thames valley, Cotswolds and Hampshire areas. In 577, the Battle of Deorham in the southern Cotswolds was won by the Anglo-Saxons, and led to Wessex extending its control to the Severn estuary and the cities of Gloucester, Cirencester, and Bath. This severed the land link between the Britons of Wales and those of the south west peninsula. By about 600, however, the area of modern Gloucestershire east of the Severn, as well as most of Worcestershire, was controlled by another group, the Hwicce, who may have arisen from intermarriage between Anglo-Saxon and British leading families, possibly the successors to the pre-Roman Dobunni. The Hwicce came increasingly under Mercian hegemony.
At the Battle of Chester in 616, the forces of Powys and other allied Brythonic kingdoms were defeated by the Northumbrians under Æthelfrith. This divided the Britons of Wales from those in the uplands of northern England, including Lancashire, Cumbria, and south west Scotland, an area which became known as ""Yr Hen Ogledd"" or "the Old North". Within a few decades, the Welsh became engaged in further defensive warfare against the increasingly powerful kingdom of Mercia, based at Tamworth in what became the West Midlands of England. The capital of Powys, Pengwern, at or near modern Shrewsbury, was conquered by Oswiu of Northumbria in 656 when he had become overlord of the Mercians. Powys then withdrew from the lowland areas now in southern Cheshire, Shropshire and Herefordshire, which became known to Welsh poets as "The Paradise of Powys". The areas were occupied by Anglo-Saxon groups who became sub-kingdoms of Mercia, the "Wreocensǣte" or Wrekinset in the northern part of what became Shropshire, and the "Magonsæte" in the southern part. Further south, the area north west of the Severn later known as the Forest of Dean seems to have remained in British (that is, Welsh) hands until about 760.
Offa's Dyke.
After Ine of Wessex abdicated in 726, Æthelbald of Mercia established Mercia's hegemony over the Anglo-Saxons south of the Humber. However, campaigns by Powys against Mercia led to the building of Wat's Dyke, an earthwork boundary extending from the Severn valley near Oswestry to the Dee at Basingwerk in what became Flintshire, perhaps to protect recently acquired lands. After Æthelbald was killed in 757, a brief civil war in Mercia then ended in victory for his distant cousin, Offa. As king, he rebuilt Mercia's hegemony over the southern English through military campaigns, and also caused the construction of Offa's Dyke, around the years 770 and 780.
Offa's Dyke is a massive linear earthwork, up to 65 feet (20 m) wide (including its surrounding ditch) and 8 feet (2.5 m) high. It is much larger and longer than Wat's Dyke, but runs roughly parallel to it. The earthwork was generally dug with the displaced soil piled into a bank on the Mercian (eastern) side, providing an open view into Wales and suggesting that it was built by Mercia to guard against attacks or raids from Powys. The late 9th-century writer Asser wrote that Offa ""terrified all the neighbouring kings and provinces around him, and ... had a great dyke built between Wales and Mercia from sea to sea"". In the mid-20th century, Sir Cyril Fox completed a major survey of the Dyke and stated that it ran from the Dee to the Severn, as Asser suggested, but with gaps, especially in the Herefordshire area, where natural barriers of strong rivers or dense forests provided sufficient defence. More recent research by David Hill and Margaret Worthington concluded that there is little evidence for the Dyke stretching "from sea to sea", but that the earthwork built by Offa stretched some 64 miles (103 km) between Rushock Hill near Kington in Herefordshire, and Treuddyn in Flintshire. Earthworks in the far north and south, including sections overlooking the Wye valley and east of the Wye at Beachley, may in their view have been built for different purposes at different times, although their conclusions are themselves disputed.
Offa's Dyke largely remained the frontier between the Welsh and English in later centuries. By the 9th century, the expanding power of Mercia led to it gaining control over Ergyng and nearby Hereford. The system of shires which was later to form the basis of local administration throughout England and eventually Wales originated in Wessex, where it became established during the 8th century. Wessex and Mercia gradually established an occasionally unstable alliance, with Wessex gaining the upper hand. According to Asser, the southern Welsh kings, including Hywel ap Rhys of Glywysing, commended themselves to Alfred the Great of Wessex in about 885. Alfred's son Edward the Elder also secured homage from the Welsh, although sporadic border unrest continued. In the early 10th century, a document known as "The Ordinance Concerning the Dunsaete" records procedures for dealing with disputes between the English and the Welsh, and implies that areas west of the Wye in Archenfield were still culturally Welsh. It stated that the English should only cross into the Welsh side, and vice versa, in the presence of an appointed man who had the responsibility of making sure that the foreigner was safely escorted back to the crossing point. In 926, Edward's successor Athelstan, "King of the English", summoned the Welsh kings including Hywel Dda of Deheubarth to a meeting at Hereford, and according to William of Malmesbury laid down the boundary between England and Wales, particularly the disputed southern stretch where he specified that the eastern bank of the Wye should form the boundary.
By the mid-eleventh century, most of Wales had become united under the king of Gwynedd, Gruffudd ap Llywelyn. In 1055, he marched on Hereford and sacked the city. He also seized Morgannwg and the Kingdom of Gwent, together with substantial territories east of Offa's Dyke, and raided as far as Chester and Leominster. He claimed sovereignty over the whole of Wales, a claim recognised by the English, and historian John Davies states that Gruffudd was ""the only Welsh king ever to rule over the entire territory of Wales."". However, after his most powerful ally – Earl Elfgar of Mercia and East Anglia – died, Harold and Tostig Godwinson took advantage of the situation – Gruffudd being besieged in Snowdonia – and invaded Wales. In 1063, Gruffudd was killed by his own men. Harold returned many of the Welsh princes their lands, so that after Harold's death at the Battle of Hastings, Wales was again divided without a leader to resist the Normans.
March of Wales.
Immediately after the Norman conquest of England, King William installed one of his most trusted confidants, William FitzOsbern, as Earl of Hereford. By 1071 he had started the building of Chepstow Castle, the first castle in Britain built of stone, near the mouth of the Wye. It served as a base from which the Normans continued to expand westward into south Wales, establishing a castle at Caerleon and extinguishing the Welsh kingdom of Gwent. William also installed Roger de Montgomerie at Shrewsbury, and Hugh d'Avranches at Chester, creating a new expansionist earldom in each case. In the Domesday Book of 1086, Norman lands are recorded west of the Wye at Chepstow and Caldicot in the Gwent Levels (); over the whole of north east Wales as far west as the River Clwyd, an area known to the Welsh as the "Perfeddwlad"; and west of Offa's Dyke, especially in Powys where a new castle was named, after its lord, Montgomery.
Domesday Book no doubt records the extent of English penetration into Wales. This suggests that Offa's Dyke still approximately represented the boundary between England and Wales. However, during the anarchy of Stephen various Welsh princes were able to occupy lands beyond it, including Whittington, Shropshire (see Whittington Castle) and Maelor Saesnaeg, hitherto in England. These lands were brought under English lordship by Henry II of England, but became Marcher lordships, and so part of Wales. This involved a loss of direct rule by the English crown.
Over the next four centuries, Norman lords established mostly small lordships, at times numbering over 150, between the Dee and Severn and further west. The precise dates and means of formation of the lordships varied, as did their size. Hundreds of small castles, mostly of the motte and bailey type, were built in the border area in the 12th and 13th centuries, predominantly by Norman lords as assertions of power as well as defences against Welsh raiders and rebels. Many new towns were established across the area, some such as Chepstow, Monmouth, Ludlow and Newtown becoming successful trading centres, and these tended to be a focus of English settlement. However, the Welsh continued to attack English soil and supported rebellions against the Normans.
The Marches, or "Marchia Wallia", were to a greater or lesser extent independent of both the English monarchy and the Principality of Wales, which remained based in Gwynedd in the north west of the country. By the early 12th century, they covered the areas which would later become Monmouthshire and much of Flintshire, Montgomeryshire, Radnorshire, Brecknockshire, Glamorgan, Carmarthenshire and Pembrokeshire. Some of the lordships, such as Oswestry, Whittington, Clun, and Wigmore had been part of England at the time of Domesday, while others such as the Lordship of Powys were Welsh principalities that passed by marriage into the hands of Norman barons. In ecclesiastical terms, the ancient dioceses of Bangor and St. Asaph in the north, and St. David's and Llandaff in the south, collectively defined an area which included both the Principality and the March, and coincided closely with later definitions of Wales.
The Principality of Wales () covered the lands ruled by the Prince of Wales directly, and was formally founded in 1216, and later recognised by the 1218 Treaty of Worcester between Llywelyn ab Iorwerth, Prince of Gwynedd, and King John of England. Encompassing two-thirds of modern Wales, the principality operated as an effectively independent entity from the reign of Llywelyn until 1283 (though it underwent a period of contraction during the early part of the reign of Dafydd ap Llywelyn in the 1240s, and again for several years from the beginning of Llywelyn ap Gruffudd's rule in 1246). Its independence was characterized by a separate legal jurisprudence based on the well established laws of "Cyfraith Hywel", and by the increasingly sophisticated court of the Aberffraw dynasty.
The Statute of Rhuddlan in 1284 followed the conquest of the Principality by Edward I of England. It assumed the lands held by the Princes of Gwynedd under the title "Prince of Wales" as legally part of the lands of England, and established shire counties on the English model over those areas. The Council of Wales, based at Ludlow Castle, was also established in the 15th century to govern the area.
Formation of "England and Wales" and county boundaries.
However, the Marches remained outside the shire system, and at least nominally outside the control of the English monarchy, until the first Laws in Wales Act was introduced in 1535 under Henry VIII. This, and a further Act in 1542, had the effect of annexing Wales to England and creating a single state and legal jurisdiction, commonly referred to as England and Wales. The powers of the marcher lordships were abolished, and their areas formed into new counties, or amalgamated into existing ones.
At this point, the boundary between England and Wales, which has existed ever since, was effectively fixed. In the border areas, five new counties were created - Denbighshire, Montgomeryshire, Radnorshire, Brecknockshire and Monmouthshire - and Flintshire gained some additional territory. However, several of the marcher lordships were incorporated in whole or in part into English counties. The lordships of Ludlow, Clun, Caus and part of Montgomery were incorporated into Shropshire; and Wigmore, Huntington, Clifford and most of Ewyas were included in Herefordshire. According to John Davies:
Thus was created the border between Wales and England, a border which has survived until today. It did not follow the old line of Offa's Dyke nor the eastern boundary of the Welsh dioceses; it excluded districts such as Oswestry and Ewias, where the Welsh language would continue to be spoken for centuries, districts which it would not be wholly fanciful to consider as "Cambria irredenta". Yet, as the purpose of the statute was to incorporate Wales into England, the location of the Welsh border was irrelevant to the purposes of its framers.
An 1844 Act of Parliament later abolished several enclaves. One of these, Welsh Bicknor, was an exclave of Monmouthshire between Gloucestershire and Herefordshire.
Monmouthshire.
Although Monmouthshire was included in the 16th century legislation, it was treated anomalously, with the result that its legal status as a Welsh county fell into some ambiguity and doubt until the 20th century. It was omitted from the second Act of Union, which established the Court of Great Sessions, and like English shires it was given two Knights of the Shire, rather than one as elsewhere in Wales. However, in ecclesiastical terms, almost all of the county remained within the Diocese of Llandaff, and most of its residents at the time spoke Welsh. In the late 17th century under Charles II it was added to the Oxford circuit of the English Assizes, following which, according to the 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica, it gradually ""came to be regarded as an English county"". Under that interpretation, the boundary between England and Wales passed down the Rhymney valley, along Monmouthshire's western borders with Brecknockshire and Glamorgan, so including Newport, and other industrialised parts of what would now generally be considered to be South Wales, within England.
The 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica unambiguously described the county as part of England, but noted that ""whenever an act [...] is intended to apply to alone, then Wales is always coupled with Monmouthshire"". Some legislation and UK government decisions, such as the establishment of a "Royal Commission on Ancient and Historical Monuments in Wales and Monmouthshire" in 1908, referred to "Wales and Monmouthshire", so that it was treated "as one" with Wales rather than as a legal "part of" Wales. The county's status continued to be a matter of debate in Parliament, especially as Welsh nationalism and devolution climbed the political agenda in the 20th century. In 1921 the area was included within the Church in Wales. The Welsh Office, established in 1966, included Monmouthshire within its remit, and in 1969 George Thomas, Secretary of State for Wales, proposed to fully incorporate Monmouthshire into Wales. The issue was finally clarified in law by the Local Government Act 1972, which provided that ""in every act passed on or after 1 April 1974, and in every instrument made on or after that date under any enactment (whether before, on or after that date) "Wales", subject to any alterations of boundaries..."" included ""the administrative county of Monmouthshire and the county borough of Newport"". The boundary between England and Wales therefore passes unequivocally along Monmouthshire's eastern boundaries with Herefordshire and Gloucestershire, essentially along the River Monnow and River Wye.
The border today.
The first legislation applying solely to Wales since the 16th century was passed in 1881. Consequently, the border between England and Wales has taken on increasing legal and political significance. In 1964 a separate department of state was established for Wales - the Welsh Office - which assumed an increasing range of administrative responsibilities from Whitehall. By 1992, the Welsh Office oversaw housing, local government, roads, historic buildings, health, education, economic development, agriculture, fisheries and urban regeneration, although the extent to which it was able to be autonomous from England in public policy is a matter of debate.
The establishment of devolved government in Wales through the Welsh Assembly, set up in 1999, has led to a divergence between England and Wales on some Government policies. One such is the fact that prescription charges were abolished in Wales in 2007. In 2008, residents of the village of Audlem, Cheshire, 9 miles from the border, "voted" to become part of Wales in what was originally a joke ballot. Some residents sought to make a case for securing Welsh benefits such as free hospital parking and prescriptions. The modern border has a number of anomalies - for instance, it separates Knighton, Powys, from its railway station, and divides the village of Llanymynech where a pub straddles the line. Knighton is the only town that can claim to be on the border as well as on Offa's Dyke. The postal and ecclesiastical borders are slightly different - for example the Shropshire village of Chirbury has Montgomery, Powys, as its post town, but Presteigne, Powys, is in the English Diocese of Hereford.
All new road signs in Wales must be bilingual. There are also differences between the English and Welsh education systems. In Wales, lessons in Welsh are compulsory for all until the age of 16. The system of statutory national key-stage tests in Wales is also different from that in England. Charges for university tuition are different for Welsh resident students studying at Welsh universities, compared with students from or studying elsewhere in the UK. There is also a different system of charging for residential nursing care, with less dependence on means testing in Wales than in England. Variations also exist in the development planning system.
The main road links over the border in the south are across the M4 Second Severn Crossing and the M48 Severn Bridge. A toll must be paid on both routes, when travelling from England into Wales. The continuing existence and size of these tolls, which are set by legislation and revised annually, is a contentious issue; some businesses and politicians in south Wales arguing that they stunt the growth of Wales' economy.
A competition was launched in 2005 to design one or more new iconic images, along the same lines as the "Angel of the North", to be placed at the borders of Wales. This became known as the "Landmark Wales" project, and a shortlist of 15 proposals was unveiled in 2007. However, the proposal was shelved after it failed to receive Lottery funding.
Place names.
In general, placenames of Welsh origin are found to the west of the border, and those of English origin to the east. However, many historically Welsh names are also found east of the border, particularly around Oswestry in northern Shropshire, such as Gobowen; in southern Shropshire, such as Clun; and in southern Herefordshire, such as Kilpeck and Pontrilas. Most of these areas were not incorporated fully into England until the 16th century, and native Welsh speakers still lived there until at least the 19th century. Equally, placenames of English origin can be found on the Welsh side of the border where there was Mercian and Norman settlement, particularly in the north east, such as Flint and Prestatyn; in central Powys, such as Newtown and Knighton; in south Pembrokeshire and Gower; and in south-eastern Monmouthshire, including Chepstow and Shirenewton. Although Welsh names exist for these places, they possibly came into use after the English names.

</doc>
<doc id="20359970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359970" title="Orlando Sá">
Orlando Sá

Orlando Carlos de Sá (born 26 May 1988 in Barcelos) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Legia Warsaw in Poland, as a striker.
Club career.
Braga.
Sá started his career in the youth ranks of Sporting de Braga, and was promoted to the first team for the 2007–08 season, only to be loaned immediately to lowly SC Maria da Fonte (third division), finishing his first professional year with six goals.
He returned to Braga in 2008, making his top flight debut on 5 January 2009 by playing one minute in a 2–0 home win over C.F. Os Belenenses. On 7 March Sá scored his first goal in the competition, as a late substitute in a 2–2 draw at C.F. Estrela da Amadora.
Porto.
On 1 June Sá moved to league champions F.C. Porto, for an estimated fee of €3 million. Braga retained 20% economic rights on the future transfer fee received by Porto, with an additional 20% being held by unknown parties. Having arrived still injured from his previous club, he only made his Porto debut on 2 January 2010, starting in a 2–0 win at U.D. Oliveirense for the campaign's Portuguese Cup.
Sá spent the 2010–11 season on loan to C.D. Nacional, appearing sparingly due to injury and technical decisions. His highlight was scoring the winner in a 2–1 home win against S.L. Benfica on 21 August 2010, and he finished the campaign with six official goals, plus one for the Portuguese under-23.
Fulham.
At the end of the 2011 transfer window, Sá joined Premier League club Fulham on a free transfer, with Porto retaining 25% of his economic rights. He made his official debut for his new team in a Football League Cup tie against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on 21 September (penalty shootout loss), and first appeared in the Premier League against West Bromwich Albion three days later, playing the full 90 minutes in a 0–0 away draw.
Sá scored his first goal for Fulham on 31 December 2011, putting the visitors ahead in the seventh minute of the tie against Norwich City, in an eventual 1–1 draw. Early into the season, he struggled with the pace of the English game, but went on to adapt physically after a few months in England, also stating he was improving his English language.
Before the 2012–13 season started, Sá said he was going to improve at Fulham and told the club's official website: ""I feel that this is a really important pre-season for me, I want to be really prepared ahead of the new campaign because I want this year to be my year. I hope that I can score more goals like the one I got against Norwich. That was a good moment for me and I hope I will have many more moments like the one I experienced at Carrow Road"". On 30 June 2012, however, his contract was terminated by mutual agreement.
AEL Limassol.
On 30 July 2012, Sá signed a three-year contract with Cypriot First Division club AEL Limassol.
International career.
On 18 November 2008, in one of his first under-21 caps, Sá scored a hat-trick against Spain, in a 4–1 friendly home win.
Only three months later, he was surprisingly called up to the senior squad by coach Carlos Queiroz for a friendly with Finland, and replaced Hugo Almeida at the hour mark in an eventual 1–0 home win.

</doc>
<doc id="20359977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20359977" title="Jabaranpur">
Jabaranpur

Jabaranpur is a small village of Saidpur lok sabha of district Ghazipur.
Geography.
It situated 35 km & 14 degree north-east from Varanasi,60 km west from Ghazipur,50 km east from jaunpur and 70 km south from azamgarh. Jabaranpur is situated on the border of Ghazipur and Jaunpur. Jabaranpur touches the villages Mathiya, Sariaiya, Gahira and Gingarpur.
Demographics.
The population of jabaranpur is approximate 1000(not official). The village is dominated by rajputs. Most of the population comprises all classes of the society, and the people of the village live in peaceful atmosphere. They maintain a high degree of communal harmony.
Economy.
The nearest market to Jabaranpur is Singarpur, 1 km from the village. Patrahi is connected to Ghazipur & Jaunpur and is the main market of Jabaranpur. The post office of Jabaranpur is Singarpur.
Transport.
Jabaranpur is directly connected to Varanasi by bus. The nearest railway station of Jabaranpur is Aunrihar 15 km apart from village. There is a small line railway station which connect Aunrihar and Jaunpur at Patrahi bazar, 4 km from the village.
Administration.
There are 3 villages in Jabaranpur gram panchayat - Jabaranpur, Saraiya and Gahira. Jabaranpur comes under the police station at Khanpur.
Education.
The literacy of the village is very high .there is a basic primary school in the
village.for basic education( up to 5th) students go to singarpur and patrahi. there are many
inter college within 10 km range from village.
For Graduation and Post Graduation students go to nearest college by bus or by cycle. some goes to varanasi, allahabad and some other places for further education
References.
Siddhartha Singh
Pooja Singh
Devesh Singh Raghuvanshi
Rohit Singh

</doc>
<doc id="20360000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360000" title="Qntal II">
Qntal II

Qntal II is the second album of the German Darkwave/Gothic Rock/Industrial band Qntal, released in 1995. It features lyrics by Walther von der Vogelweide and other medieval songs combined with modern electronic sound.
The album re-released on Noir Records in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20360055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360055" title="Monkstown Golf Club">
Monkstown Golf Club

Monkstown Golf Club is a 18-hole, par 70 golf course located in Parkgarriff, Monkstown, Co. Cork.
It was founded in 1908 as a 9-hole course. The course was expanded in 1971 to an 18-hole course.
The course is built around Monkstown Castle which was built in 1636 and served as the clubhouse from 1908 until the 1971 when the building fell into disrepair.
In 2006, a new clubhouse was opened with top-class modern facilities such as cleaning bays and a fully equipped bar and restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="20360065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360065" title="Stanley Rachman">
Stanley Rachman

Stanley Rachman (born 1934) is a psychologist and is Professor Emeritus of the Department of Psychology at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, Canada.
Career.
Professor Stanley Jack Rachman is a recognized leader in the research and treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) and other anxiety disorders and remains highly active in both the research and treatment of OCD. His many contributions and achievements have been recognized by several awards. Professor Rachman serves on multiple editorial boards and was Editor in Chief of "Behaviour Research and Therapy" for many years until his retirement. He remains a Consulting Editor to this academic journal. He has published many books and hundreds of articles on obsessive-compulsive disorder and other anxiety disorders, recently proposing new cognitive models of and treatments for obsessions and compulsive checking, as well as proposing a revised conceptualization of the fear of contamination.
Present position Emeritus Professor of Psychology Institute of Psychiatry, London SE5 8AF. Recipient of British Psychological Society Lifetime Professional Award for 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20360122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360122" title="Koiatu Koiatu">
Koiatu Koiatu

Koiatu Koiatu (born Cook Islands, 26 November 1977) is a Cook Islands rugby union footballer. He plays as a fullback and as wing.
Career.
Koiatu currently plays for Bombay and for Counties Manukau, in New Zealand. He is an international player for Cook Islands, both at XV and Sevens. He played at the IRB Sevens World Series, in 2006 and 2008.
Koiatu now lives in Perth Western Australia where he plays and coach at Wanneroo Districts Rugby Union Club

</doc>
<doc id="20360134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360134" title="Lines of Communication">
Lines of Communication

line of communication (or communications) is the route that connects an operating military unit with its supply base. Supplies and reinforcements are transported along the line of communication, therefore a secure and open line of communication is vital for any military force to continue to operate effectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20360142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360142" title="Jose Peña Suazo">
Jose Peña Suazo

Jose Peña Suazo (born 1967) is a Latin singer focusing on the Latin sub-genre merengue. He formed a part of musical groups until the formation of his very own group, La Banda Gorda.
History.
Jose Peña Suazo was born in 1967 in the Dominican Republic. He was a premature baby but was able to survive his early childhood. His birthplace in the province of Sánchez Ramírez in the Dominican Republic exposed him to the Latin genres of music. He was instructed on the basics of music by the age of 17 when he formally took up the tuba under his teacher Juan Eutimo Jerez. However, after his older brother, Arturo Suazo, formed his own group, Suazo was inspired to take up the trumpet.
Pre "Banda Gorda".
In 1987, Suazo moved out to the Dominican Republic's capital of Santo Domingo in hopes of forming part of a group that would acquire him fame and fortune. He was then integrated to the group "La Banda de Música del Cuerpo de Bomberos de Santo Domingo". Unhappy however, he then joined "La Orquesta de Cuco Valoy" where he was able to obtain the position of first trumpet. He was also allowed to compose and fix some of the group's music styles. Having succeeded he was then approached to be the musical director of another merengue group called "La Artilleria". 
In 1991, he returned to playing the trumpet with a group named "Coco Band". He was also composing and fixing the musical styles of the group as well.
La Banda Gorda.
In 1994, Suazo formed La Banda Gorda, with whom he has found much success internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="20360148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360148" title="Cobwebs to Catch Flies">
Cobwebs to Catch Flies

Cobwebs to Catch Flies (1783) is a children's book by Ellenor Fenn, originally anonymous, but later editions were advertised as being by "Mrs Teachwell" or "Mrs Lovechild". It was a reading primer and was one of the first books to differentiate between reading age groups, and which was widely used until the 1890s.
Description.
The work was originally published in two volumes – one for children from three to five years, and the second for those from five and eight, but later editions combined them into one. It consisted of a series of short, illustrated dialogues between children, teaching basic reading skills. It was an innovative book in several respects as it focused on the child reader’s own experience and interests, including toys, pets, games, visits to the fair etc., and was one of the first books to differentiate between reading age groups; each volume became progressively more difficult as the child progressed. The early editions were printed in large types containing charming woodcut illustrations, and each volume had an engraved frontispiece seeking to represent the content of the stories. 
Background.
The book was conceived as a component part of the author’s elaborate and very expensive teaching scheme known as 'A set of toys', and copies were provided with the scheme, but Mrs. Fenn's publisher John Marshall realized that the book might also be successful in its own right. It proved to be Marshall's most profitable title and he produced many undated editions, keeping the title constantly in print until about 1815. During this period the illustrations became progressively more worn and the work more carelessly printed.
Later editions.
Marshall assigned the copyright to Baldwin, Cradock, & Joy, who published new editions throughout the 1820s and 1830s, improving production standards and commissioning new versions of the illustrations. 
The Dublin printer John Rice pirated the work in 1794, and in 1799 Marshall’s rival, Elizabeth Newbery, published an un-illustrated French language version. Copies of the original edition were exported to the USA where they were copied in editions published in Philadelphia by Johnson & Warner, (1813 and 1814), in Baltimore by E. J. Coale, (1825), in New York by Mahlon Day, (between 1832 and 1837), and in New York and Boston by C.S. and J.H. Francis in 1851. 
Meanwhile, in the Britain, Darton and Co published several editions between 1842 and 1858, and the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge (SPCK) others between 1844 and 1860, which were adapted to include a religious message. Lockwood and Co. took over the publication in 1862. An edition with a coloured lithographic frontispiece was jointly published by Frederick Warne in London and Scribner, Welford, and Co. in New York in 1870, which was republished in 1894 by Warne. George Routledge and Sons published an edition in 1871, and Crosby Lockwood in 1885. 
An imitation "New cobwebs to catch little flies" was also published by the Religious Tract Society, between 1833 and 1839.

</doc>
<doc id="20360155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360155" title="A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court (disambiguation)">
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court (disambiguation)

"A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court" is an 1889 novel by the American author Mark Twain.
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20360160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360160" title="Thornridge High School">
Thornridge High School

Thornridge High School is a public high school located in Dolton, Illinois. It was built as part of Thornton Township High Schools District 205. It is sometimes confused with the similar sounding schools in the same district: Thornton Township High School and Thornwood High School.
Athletics.
Teams from Thornridge are nicknamed the "Falcons". The school colors are Columbia blue, grey, and navy blue. The school's teams compete as a member of the South Inter-Conference Association or SICA. These teams also compete in state championship series sponsored by the Illinois High School Association (IHSA).
The school sponsors teams for both men and women in basketball, cross country, soccer, tennis, and track & field. Men may also compete in baseball, football, swimming & diving, and wrestling. Women may compete in cheerleading, softball, and volleyball.
The following athletic teams placed in the top four of their respective class in their respective sports in IHSA sponsored state championship series.
Activities.
Thornridge has had an extensive history of success in the performing arts and competitive public speaking. The following teams have placed in the top four of their respective state championship competitions sponsored by the IHSA.

</doc>
<doc id="20360164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360164" title="Union Chapel (Glenwood, Maryland)">
Union Chapel (Glenwood, Maryland)

The Union Chapel, now known as St. Andrew's Episcopal Church, is a historic church located near Glenwood, Howard County, Maryland, United States. It is a rectangular two-story building of stuccoed stone construction completed in 1833. To the rear of the chapel is the attractively landscaped non-sectarian Oak Grove Cemetery. Charles D. Warfield, a member of a prominent Maryland family of the same surname that settled this region, deeded the property to the residents of the area for non-denominational church and community use. The chapel is closely associated with the Methodist church.
Union Chapel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20360198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360198" title="1991 France rugby union tour of the United States">
1991 France rugby union tour of the United States

Matches.
"Scores and results list France's points tally first."

</doc>
<doc id="20360202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360202" title="Adam S. Radomsky">
Adam S. Radomsky

Adam S. Radomsky is an Associate Professor in the Department of Psychology at Concordia University in Montreal, Canada. 
Education.
Dr. Radomsky trained with Professor Stanley Rachman, a recognized leader in the research and treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).
Career.
Dr. Radomsky currently directs an anxiety disorders research laboratory as well as a clinical practice, both focusing on the research and treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) as well as other anxiety disorders. Dr. Radomsky has received numerous awards including the ADAA Trainee Travel Award, the AABT Anxiety Disorders Special Interest Group Early Career Award and the Canadian Institutes of Health New Investigator Award. He has published several book chapters and research articles on cognition, emotion and behaviour in OCD and other anxiety disorders and is frequently invited to present his research findings at national and international conferences. His current research focuses on thoughts, beliefs and memory in OCD as well as on new investigations of compulsive checking and contamination-based OCD.

</doc>
<doc id="20360218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360218" title="Barbarian (film)">
Barbarian (film)

Barbarian, also known as Kane the Barbarian, is an American sword and sorcery action direct-to-video film released in 2003. It can almost be considered a remake from the 1983 film "Deathstalker". It stars the American bodybuilder, wrestler and actor Michael O'Hearn and Martin Kove, and also R&B singer Cassie Ventura had a bit part in the film.
Plot.
In a fictitious land, the evil sorcerer Munkar (Martin Kove) oppressively rules. Some warriors, King Kandor's forces, escaped into the forest, in order to continue to make a stand against the dark lord, but they're finally defeated. Now the fate of that land rests in the hand of Kane (Michael O'Hearn), a strong and lonesome barbarian. One day, he saves a damsel (Ekaterina Drobish) and Wooby (Yuri Danilchenko), a small, bear like creature, resembling an Ewok from Star Wars, from some brigands. 
In his sleep, a witch tells him of Munkar and his reign of terror, and about three powerful artefacts, the Amulet of Life, possessed by Princess Gretchen, King Kandor's daughter who was being held on Munkar's castle, the Sword of Justice and the Chalice of Magic. Unfortunately, the Chalice of Magic was already under the possession of Munkar, and he used it to raise his dark army and to watch Kane, and if finds the other two artefacts, he'd become invincible and enslave mankind. The witch tells him the Sword of Justice is located in the Martak Ruins. He goes there with Wooby, only to be ambushed by Munkar's soldiers, but he is aided in the fight by Gilda, the last of Amazon warriors. She tells Kane that her clan kept the sword safe for 50 generations, in the Cave of Last Echoes, where Amazons by tradition are not allowed. Gilda joins the quest and they ride for the cave, unaware of the Dark Prince, Munkar's enforcer, who was sneaking on them. Kane enters the cave with Wooby, they find the Sword of Justice plunged in a pool of saltwater. 
The Dark Prince knocks out Wooby and confronts Kane, and the outcome is Kane's victory, as he wounds the Dark Prince with the Sword of Justice and the latter flees. Kane and the others meet King Kandor, the true sovereign of those lands, dethroned by Munkar. Kandor offers the help of Zigrid, who joins them. Zigrid tells them of his plan to infiltrate Munkar's fortress, find the Amulet of Life and put an end to the malign sorcerer's reign. There would be a tournament in his castle, and the victor would become Munkar's general and be granted immortality through his powers. They head for the fortress, passing through a village under attack by Munkar's forces. Gilda and Wooby are taken away, and Kane slays the Dark Prince. Wooby frees himself and sneaks around the palace, hiding from the guards, while Gilda meets Gretchen in Munkar's harem, and also Ilsa and Sevra, two arrogant slaves who thought they were Munkar's favourites. One night yester to the tournament there's a great orgy for the fighters, and Munkar himself salutes them. Kane is masked to avoid detection, and Zigrid tells he has a bounty on his head. 
The next day, the tournament begins. Kane, (identified as "The Barbarian"), wins several fights. Zigrid also proves to be a fighter of worth, making his way into the finals of the tournament. After the tournament, Kane orders Wooby to supply the harem girls with kitchen utensils that could be used as weapons. Munkar requests Zigrid's attention. He tempts Zigrid to kill Kane and bring him his sword, in exchange for the love of Gretchen, taking advantage of his feelings of envy of Kane, who was also in love with Gretchen and vice versa. Zigrid then goes to Kane's chamber and gives him poisoned food. Wooby returns to Kane to find him possibly dead. He then takes a long journey back to a desert, and comes back with a healing flower that restores his health. 
The next day, Zigrid wins the tournament and gives Munkar the sword and takes Gretchen as his maiden of choice, meanwhile the harem girls make their breakout, and Kane learns of the Amulet of Life hidden by Gretchen inside the mouth of a dragon statue, and he grabs it. Zigrid lies to Gretchen that Munkar killed Kane and they must run away, but Gretchen declines such plans. But then she finds Kane alive and well, and discovers Zigrid's betrayal. Kane fights Zigrid and defeats him, but Munkar appears and takes the Amulet of Life, finally reuniting the three artifacts, and he is turned into a monstrous and powerful himself, with superhuman strength and speed, and fights Kane. There are two interventions in the fight: one from the witch, who is presumably killed by Munkar; and from Gretchen that kills him with the Sword of Justice he dropped. At the end, King Kandor takes back the throne and Kane and Gretchen become lovers.
Reception.
The movie scored mostly negative critics, and it was classified by many as mediocre or "average" at best, very few found it a good film. It was as much a low-budget film as "Deathstalker", but the latter raised better reviews.
"Deathstalker" similarities.
"Barbarian" is nearly a remake of the "Deathstalker" film, a fact that made it a target to many negative critics. The plot, the villain's name, and the tagline were taken from that movie, and there is even footage scenes taken from it. (In the cauldron of the witch, various scenes from it are showed, and also there is the staff acrobat scene (tournament) and some orgy shots, entirely taken from it.) There are little differences between both films, like the presence of Wooby in "Barbarian" and the transformation of Gargit and a different orgy scene in "Deathstalker".

</doc>
<doc id="20360221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360221" title="José Bullejos">
José Bullejos

José Bullejos y Sanchez (Granada, 7 December 1899 – Mexico, 1975) was a Spanish communist politician. He served as the second General Secretary of the Communist Party of Spain from 1925 to 1932.
Early life and political activities.
Bullejos earned a university law degree. Gaining a job as a postal clerk in Bilbao he joined in the postal strike of 1918-19 and joined the "Unión General de Trabajadores" (UGT) trade union. He also participated in the original Spanish Communist Party formed in 1920 and remained with the party after it merged with another communist organization, the Spanish Communist Workers' Party, in 1921 (forming the new Communist Party of Spain or PCE). Heading the party's Vizcayan section, he advanced to the leadership position upon the arrest of the first general secretary, Antonio García Quejido, in January 1925. Bullejos would continue to hold the top post for nearly eight years.
General secretary of the PCE.
Inheriting a politically divided party, Bullejos attempted to unify the disparate factions, achieving greater unity in Madrid but having less success with the PCE-affiliated FCC-B in Barcelona. He also conducted a purge of politically suspect members, which weakened the already divided party further. Bullejos was himself arrested in 1928 and temporarily replaced as leader of the PCE by Gabriel León Trilla.
Bullejos struggled to maintain PCE relations not only with other Spanish leftists, but with the Soviet Union. Visiting Moscow with other PCE leaders in May 1931, Bullejos was astonished when asked by Comintern official Dmitry Manuilsky whether in Spain feudal lords still forced Spanish peasants to do unpaid labor; he was further told that, "there is more feudalism in Spain than you think." Bullejos told Manuilsky that there were no overt remnants of feudalism in his country but failed to convince him that the "revolution" in Spain was opposed not by feudal monarchists but by a modern bourgeoisie.
He was re-confirmed as general-secretary at the PCE's fourth party congress in Seville in March 1932. When Bullejos and other PCE leaders backed the Republican government against the "sanjurjada" coup in August and produced pro-Republic slogans, Victorio Codovilla, the Comintern advisor in Madrid, denounced him and two other leaders as counter-revolutionaries. Bullejos resigned his post. When an initial vote failed to officially condemn him as counter-revolutionary, he was called to Moscow. In his absence, Codovilla arranged a new vote which settled the matter and completely denounced Bullejos and the others, who were then expelled from the PCE in October. The general secretaryship passed to José Díaz Ramos.
Post PCE.
Following his expulsion from the PCE and Comintern, José Bullejos joined the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE). With the end of the civil war and the defeat of the Second Republic by the forces of Francisco Franco he fled to Mexico. There in 1945 he published a book entitled "Europa entre dos guerras, 1918-1938". Later he wrote several more works including: "Movimiento y Doctrina Sociales", "La Comintern en España", and "Espana en la segunda Republica".

</doc>
<doc id="20360248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360248" title="The Life of Our Lord">
The Life of Our Lord

The Life of Our Lord was written by English novelist Charles Dickens for his young children between 1846 and 1849, at about the time that he was writing "David Copperfield". It was published in 1934, sixty-four years after Dickens's death.
A Christian, Dickens wrote "The Life of Our Lord" exclusively for his children, to whom he read it aloud every Christmas. He strictly forbade publication of "The Life" during his own lifetime and begged his sister-in-law, Georgina Hogarth, to make sure that the Dickens family "would never even hand the manuscript, or a copy of it, to anyone to take out of the house." His handwritten manuscript was passed down to Georgina Hogarth after Dickens's death in 1870. On her death in 1917 it came into the possession of Sir Henry Fielding Dickens, Dickens's last surviving son. The Dickens family continued to read it at every Christmas and, at the author's request, delayed publication until the last of his children had died.
The book begins:
My Dear Children, I am very anxious that you should know something about the History of Jesus Christ. For everybody ought to know about Him. No one ever lived who was so good, so kind, so gentle, and so sorry for all people who did wrong, or were in any way ill or miserable, as He was.
There then follows a simple account of Jesus's life and teachings, with an occasional touch of Dickens humour: "You never saw a locust, because they belong to that country near Jerusalem, which is a great way off. So do camels, but I think you have seen a camel. At all events, they are brought over here, sometimes; and if you would like to see one, I will show you one." Occasionally, Victorian attitudes are apparent — Dickens writes that the Jewish Sabbath was Sunday, that Jews were "very ignorant and passionate," and also that "they were very proud, and believed that no people were good but themselves." In the remainder of the book Dickens concentrates on the miracles Jesus performed and on the lessons in charity, forgiveness, and compassion from which Christians can learn.
On the death of Sir Henry Fielding Dickens in 1933, his will provided that, if the majority of his family were in favour of publication, "The Life of Our Lord" should be given to the world. By majority vote, Sir Henry's widow and children decided to publish the book in London. Through Curtis Brown Ltd., London literary agents, Lady Dickens sold world publication rights for "The Life of Our Lord" to the "Daily Mail" for $210,000. The first serial rights for North and South America went to United Feature Syndicate Inc., whose General Manager Monte Bourjaily outbid King Features Syndicate, Bell Syndicate, NANA, and NEA. United Features promptly resold "The Life of Our Lord" to a sufficient number of United States newspapers to avoid giving first publication to a magazine. It was first published, in serial form, in March 1934. In 1934, Simon & Schuster published the first American edition, which became one of the year's biggest bestsellers. In the United Kingdom it was published by Associated Newspapers Ltd, also in 1934.
Dickens's original manuscript was purchased by a group of private collectors and in 1964 was presented to the Free Library of Philadelphia, which has held it ever since.

</doc>
<doc id="20360250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360250" title="Frank Scanlan">
Frank Scanlan

Frank Aloysius Scanlan (April 28, 1890 – April 9, 1969), was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the Philadelphia Phillies. He batted and threw left-handed. Scanlan had a 0–0 record, with a 1.64 ERA, in six games, in his one year career. He was born in Syracuse, New York and died in Brooklyn, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20360260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360260" title="List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1974">
List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1974

These are the Top 100 singles of 1974 from "Cash Box" magazine

</doc>
<doc id="20360274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360274" title="Asociación de Fútbol de Santiago">
Asociación de Fútbol de Santiago

The Asociación de Fútbol de Santiago (also known as AFS) was the first organization in Chile to organize football tournament. It was formed in 1903 and organized non-professional football in Santiago. Later on, it was the organization responsible for holding the national professional football league in Chile.
History.
Establishment.
In the early twentieth century, in Santiago there did not exist any organization for the various college football clubs that were emerging and therefore no any football tournament was contested, unlike what happened in Valparaiso, where competitions were held by the Football Association of Chile since 1895 and there was a championship each year. In the capital, matches were limited to football friendlies, and there was a lack of organization to unify the rules, and it was also very common for players to continually change their club. 
Faced with the growing number of teams (around 50), it was "... essential to the formation of the Association in Santiago." The Asociación de Fútbol de Santiago (AFS) was founded on 15 May 1903, in the building of the Commodities Exchange (Bolsa de Comercio), where there came representatives of 14 football clubs in Santiago. The first Board of Directors of the AFS was formed by July Subercaseaux (Santiago National) as Honorary President, Jose A. Alfonso (Atlético Unión) as Chairman; Oscar Diener (Santiago National) as Treasurer; Jorge D. Ewing (Atlético Unión) as Secretary; and Luis de la Carrera (Thunder) as Pro-Secretary. 
At its first ordinary meeting, the recent Board of Directors, in the presence of representatives from 16 clubs which agreed to restrict the enrollment of the tournament, divided the clubs into two categories owing to the large amount of teams. A First Division, including Thunder, Santiago National, Atlético Unión, Britania, Victoria and the Instituto Pedagógico, and a Second Division, comprising the Victoria Rangers, Brasil F.C., Chilean Star, Chile F.C., Cambridge, Bandera de Chile, Balmaceda F.C., Victorioso, Wilmington and the second team of Thunder, were set up. 
The first football championship played in Santiago, called Copa Subercaseaux in honor of the Honorary Chairman of the AFS who donated the trophy, commenced on May 31, 1903, before a presence of "... no fewer than three thousand people." The first champions of this tournament were Atlético Unión, while the tournament champion of Second Division, called the Copa Junior, was the Victoria Rangers. In 1906 the Copa Subercaseaux was renamed Copa Unión. 
In 1904, a team called Baquedano is accepted as a member of the tournament, who changed its name to Magallanes Atlético after a few months, moving quickly renamed Magallanes Football Club, and, in 1922, Club Social y Deportivo Magallanes. Later on it was one of the founders of professionalism in Chile, and was the first champion of the Primera División de Chile in 1933.
Other football organizations.
Initially, the AFS had no desire to create an organization that was integrating the multitude of clubs that were forming in the capital, but rather just restricting to a certain type of clubs. Following this, emerged in the early years of the twentieth century, there were several football associations in Santiago, among which were the Asociación Arturo Prat (1905), the Asociación Obrera de Fútbol (1906), the Asociación José Arrieta (1907), the Asociación Nacional de Fútbol (1908), the Liga Santiago(1914) and the Liga Metropolitana (1916), among others. 
Asociación Arturo Prat (AAP), for example, was founded on July 4, 1905, by the councilor Arturo Izquierdo Cerda, and was organized by the Municipality of Santiago. It was established with the primary objective "... to spread the game of foot ball and other athletic exercises between the working class and the students." Despite the municipal support, the AAP was unable to match the might of the AFS, founded two years earlier, and could only concentrated its activity on school football and was losing prominence over the years. Some of its best teams joined the AFS, such as Gimnástico and the Arco Iris F.C.. Finally, the AAP was dissolved in 1912. 
The main legacy left by the AAP, along with expanding the spread of football to other sectors of society, was the activity of a number of clubs made up of students, for example, Escuela de Artes y Oficios, the Escuela de Minería and the Internado F.C.; and the workers club Gutemberg F.C., Gimnástico F.C. and Arco Iris F.C.
After the unification of national football.
After the unification of the national football federations of which occurred in 1926, the championship is now called the Liga Central de Football (Central Football League). Because of the large amount of teams, the championship was divided into different series in 1927 and 1928. The league was reorganized into three divisions, under which involved a total of 38 clubs, due to the great sporting and economic gap that existed between the various clubs in the league. 
In 1930, the championship called Santiago de Football Association again, and the First Division consisted of Audax Italiano, Unión Española, Colo-Colo, Carabineros, Magallanes, Santiago Badminton, Green Cross, Santiago Football Club, Santiago National and Gimnástico Arturo Prat. 
In late 1932 the conflict between the so-called big clubs and AFS became untenable, thus causing the split of the clubs to form the professional league, named Liga Profesional de Fútbol (LPF). While initially the AFS refused to recognize the new organization, in 1934, by the provision of the Federación de Fútbol de Chile, it became part of AFS.

</doc>
<doc id="20360323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360323" title="Wimbledon Chase Primary School">
Wimbledon Chase Primary School

Wimbledon Chase Primary School is a primary school located on Merton Hall Road in Wimbledon, London, England. It educates boys and girls aged 3 to 11. The school also houses the Acorn Nursery which caters for very young children.
History.
Wimbledon Chase was founded in 1907 as a county school for girls, but it became Wimbledon Chase Middle School in the 1960s when the Merton LEA was transitioning into the three-tier system. The upper age was later reduced to 11 when the LEA reverted to the two-tier system.
It was also used for the filming of the movies Growing Girls and P'tang, Yang, Kipperbang.
Present situation.
Wimbledon Chase is admired for its extensive grounds which consist of two large fields, one catering for a 200m running track, tennis courts, and many wildlife and nature areas. The school itself currently has two forms per year, but in September 2008 a third form was added in reception classes which could mean the need to expand the school onto its playing fields. Some local parents have opposed the motion, which could be a one off decision, but as the school is heavily oversubscribed it may have no choice. As of the 2011/2012 academic year there are now three forms in reception, Year 1 and Year 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20360326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360326" title="Louis Rene Gaiennie">
Louis Rene Gaiennie

Louis Rene Gaiennie (June 9, 1878 - November 25, 1942) was a United States Marine who earned the Medal of Honor for his actions as part of the China Relief Expedition from July 21 to August 17, 1900, in Peking, China, during the Boxer Rebellion.
Gaiennie was born in St. Louis, Missouri.
Medal of Honor citation.
His official Medal of Honor citation reads:
In the presence of the enemy during the action at Peking, China, 21 July to 17 August 1900, Gaiennie distinguished himself by meritorious conduct.

</doc>
<doc id="20360335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360335" title="New Americans (film)">
New Americans (film)

New Americans is a 1944 American short documentary film directed by Slavko Vorkapić. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20360372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360372" title="Muhammad Safdar">
Muhammad Safdar

Lieutenant General Muhammad Safdar is the former Governor of Punjab, the largest province of Pakistan, having served from 1999 to 2001. A career soldier, he was Chief of General Staff at the GHQ, ambassador to Morocco, vice-chancellor of the Punjab University and then Governor of Punjab.
Army career.
Muhammad Safdar is an "Alamgirian" and a graduate of Military College Jhelum. Later he joined Pakistan Army. During his military career, Safdar commanded an infantry brigade and the 7th Infantry Division, Peshawar, served as commandant of the Command and Staff College, Quetta from 1982 to 1985 and then reached his professional peak as Chief of General Staff (CGS) in the GHQ having served there from 1986 to 1988. His last military appointment was commandant of the National Defence College from 1988 to 1989. Safdar retired from active service in July 1989.
Political career.
Safdar was ambassador to Morocco, vice-chancellor of the Punjab University and then Governor of Punjab. The general stayed as the governor of Punjab till 29 October 2001 when he was replaced by Lahore corps commander Lt Gen Khalid Maqbool.
Views.
Brigadier (r) Shaukat Qadir, a political and defence analyst, had this to say about command attributes of Safdar, "In the course of my career I came across very few inspiring senior officers; most noteworthy among them was Lt Gen Safdar, who later became VC Punjab University and, very briefly, Governor Punjab, and whose extraordinary dynamism in peace inspired one to believe that he would be a success in war."
Brigadier (r) Raja Azizur Rehman, a close friend and colleague of the governor, said this about the new governor when he was appointed in 1999, "he is consistent, professionally very sound, cool and calm. Has immense capacity for work and excels in shifting the essentials. He is soft-spoken and likes to listen, He carries a very happy team. He is very clear about his objectives and leaves no stone unturned to achieve that." The general is reputed to be well versed in the art of getting things done.

</doc>
<doc id="20360377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360377" title="Latvian Centre for Human Rights">
Latvian Centre for Human Rights

Latvian Centre for Human Rights (LCHR) () (until 2005—Latvian Centre for Human Rights and Ethnic Studies, LCHRES) is a non-governmental organization which seeks to promote human rights in Latvia, founded in 1993. Its director, as at 2013, is Anhelita Kamenska (earlier heads of the centre were Nils Muižnieks and Ilze Brands Kehris).
Activities and international affiliation.
Areas of LCHR activities include social integration, closed institutions, legal assistance in human rights cases, tolerance and anti-discrimination (LCHR is a National Focal Point of EU FRA's project RAXEN) and mental disability advocacy (LCHR is member of European Coalition for Community Living
Awards.
In May 1998, LCHRES has received the EU-US Democracy and Civil Society Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20360378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360378" title="Kyndra Rotunda">
Kyndra Rotunda

Kyndra Kaye Rotunda (née Miller, born 1973) is an American lawyer, author, and former officer in the U.S. Army JAG Corps .
She is a law professor at the Chapman University School of Law.
Education.
She attended the University of Wyoming from 1992 to 1999, receiving a B.A. (1996) and a J.D. (1999) from the University of Wyoming College of Law.
Career.
From 2000 through 2003, Rotunda served on active duty as an officer in the US Army JAG Corps and then served in the Individual Ready Reserve until 2008. She held the rank of Major in the Army. She is notable for her military service related to Guantanamo Bay, first as a Legal Advisor to the Guantanamo Detention Camp Commander, later as a legal advisor to the Department of Defense Criminal Investigation Task Force, then as a Prosecutor for the Guantanamo Military Commissions. In 2008, she published a book about her experience, titled "Honor Bound: Inside the Guantanamo Trials". Rotunda is also the author of a Law School Textbook entitled "Military & Veterans Law", published by Thomson West Publishing, 2011.
From 2003 to 2005, Rotunda was the Wyoming State Planning Coordinator and served as a legal and policy advisor to then-Governor, and headed up the Governor's policy team. Dave Freudenthal.
In 2006, she became a law professor at the George Mason University School of Law, where she was the Director of a pro bono law clinic for military personnel and veterans.
In 2008, Rotunda and her husband Ronald Rotunda joined a list of former faculty of George Mason University who took positions at the Chapman University School of Law. She developed and heads the Chapman "pro bono" law clinic for military personnel and veterans. In 2009 was named as a Lecturer at University of California, Berkeley, School of Law (Boalt Hall), where she assisted in starting, a similar clinic, which she now teaches.
Professor Rotunda has written and spoken as an advocate for military troops. Her op-eds have appeared in the "Wall Street Journal", the "Christian Science Monitor", "The New York Sun", "The Chicago Tribune", "The Washington Times", "The Orange County Register", and others. She has appeared on national and international television news programs including Al Jazeera, Hannity's America, and The Brit Hume Report. Rotunda's television interview on "Dialogue with Doti and Dodge" was awarded a Bronze Telly Award in 2009.
In September, 2008, Professor Rotunda testified before Congress about restoring the rule of law in Guantanamo Bay and various legal issues impacting the troops.
"Honor Bound: Inside the Guantanamo Trials".
Rotunda's book "Honor Bound" claims to offer a behind the scenes look at the inner workings of the War on Terror, in the context of the personal narrative of a JAG serving her country after September 11, 2001. It follows Rotunda from her work at Walter Reed Army Medical Center on September 11, to her deployment to Guantanamo Bay, to an assignment advising criminal investigators and ultimately to her assignment as a prosecutor at the Office of Military Commissions.
"Honor Bound" received positive and negative critical notice.
Positive notice.
Jacket blurbs included praise from scholars and litigators including former Solicitor General Theodore Olson who called it "immensely readable and stunningly valuable. . ." Former U.S. Attorney General Edwin Meese stated, "U.S. Army Captain (now Major) Kyndra Rotunda was at the center of the most important and controversial legal issues in the war, including the difficulties of detaining and prosecuting terrorists while traditional war is being redefined."
Harvard Law School Professor Alan Dershowitz said in a jacket blurb, "This eye-opening inside account must be read by everyone who cares about balancing national security and human dignity." Rotunda disagrees with Dershowitz on the topic of torture.
Dershowitz maintains that the law should be introduced to permit civil judges to issue limited ""torture warrant"", under special circumstances, like the ""ticking time bomb" scenario. In her book Rotunda generally rejects torture as a legitimate interrogation tactic and calls Dershowitz's ""ticking time bomb"" hypothetical ""inherently imperfect because it assumes what we cannot know. If the detaine does not disclose the information sought, is it because he truly does not know, or is it because the interrogator has not applied a sufficient amount of torture?""
Negative notice.
"Toronto Star" reporter Michelle Shephard, author of "" critiqued five Guantanamo-related books, including Rotunda's "Honor Bound" which she called "...a poorly written personal account of an Army JAG that glosses over critical events in Guantanamo's history with offhand dismissals." Shephard continued, "There is some interesting legal stuff to ponder – such as how and why has the U.S. administration exceeded or sidestepped the protections of the international Geneva Conventions ...".
Specialist in Constitutional Law at the Library of Congress Louis Fisher wrote that as a JAG officer, Rotunda had "a good opportunity to understand the military commissions underway at “Gitmo” and correct misconceptions about the procedures." About the book, he wrote, "For readers hoping for an even-handed assessment, the initial appearance is not promising." Fisher quotes Shepard's statement that the U.S. erred in "imposing rules that made it difficult for prosecutors to respond to defense counsel claims...", and states that "The book never explains what constraints existed...". Of Rotunda's statement that the U.S. erred by "giving detainees more rights than the Geneva Conventions require", Fisher states "They needed them. Unlike prisoners of war, who are released after a war and do not face trial, the detainees were subject to prosecution and possibly the death sentence".
Comments on the Supreme Court's Boumedienne ruling.
In June 2008 the Supreme Court overturned portions of the Detainee Treatment Act of 2005 and the Military Commissions Act of 2006.
Rotunda authored an op-ed in the "Chicago Tribune" entitled ""Supreme Court Ruling Puts Soldiers at Great Risk"", which criticized aspects of the Supreme Court's ruling. In the years since the ruling Rotunda has appeared on numerous academic panels and has published several academic articles discussing, and analyzing, the Boumediene decision, and other decisions related to Guantanamo Bay.
In the "National Review", Peter Pham stated that Rotunda had more years of military service than all the nine Supreme Court Justices put together.
According to Pham, Rotunda's position was that:
2008 Testimony before a Senate Judicial Subcommittee.
In September 2008 Rotunda testified before a subcommittee of the United States Senate's Judicial Committee.
In her testimony Rotunda cited incidents where U.S. prison guards were attacked by detainees and where U.S. officials, contrary to U.S. and International Law, made some areas "off limits" to U.S. guards maintaining detention camps. She discussed one incident in Camp Bucca, Iraq, which led detainees to attack from the inside out and resulted in a bloody four day stand off. Rotunda supported religious freedoms for detainees, but opined that making prison areas and detainee personal items "off limits" to searches by U.S. prison guards has led to violence and has put guards at risk. She also pointed-out that it was contrary to U.S. Law. In her testimony before Congress, Rotunda also criticized the U.S. Army for limiting the duties of female military police officers serving in Guantanamo Bay, arguing that the U.S. Military should allow female and male officers alike to perform their duties without imposing limitations based on gender.
""According to one military police officer who served in Guantanamo Bay, detainees brandish their home-made shanks to threaten U.S. troops, and then quickly shove them back into the Qu'ran, where they know are "off limits" to guards. Even in this situation, the guard may not touch the Qu'ran to confiscate the weapon.""
2011 Muslim Headscarf Controversy.
In March 2011, Rotunda weighed in on a controversy over whether their superiors should have encouraged female GIs in Afghanistan and Iraq to wear Muslim head-scarves while deployed to Iraq. ,
stating that anyone familiar with military culture understood this suggestion was tantamount to an order, which inappropriately put female GIs at risk.
On April 8, 2011, in a "Chicago Tribune" op-ed about those risks, Rotunda triggered controversy.
Rotunda pointed out that photographs, released by the U.S. Military and published in the Washington Post, showed women wearing headscarves, in lieu of helmets, while on an armed patrol alongside male troops, who were wearing helmets. 
Military spokesman Lieutenant Colonel Michael Lawhorn disputed Rotunda's safety claims, stating that a helmet could be worn over top of a headscarf. 
According to Rotunda, the objections from Lieutenant Colonel Martha McSally, a female fighter pilot stationed in Saudi Arabia, had influenced Congress to pass an ""anti-abaya law"". 
But Rotunda said the 2003 law was specific to female GIs stationed in Saudi Arabia, and that it had expired. She recommended that Congress reauthorize a similar law to protect female troops in the Iraq and Afghanistan Wars.
High Profile Litigation.
Professor Rotunda has become involved in high profile legal issues and litigation stemming from the Iraq and Afghanistan Wars. In 2003, she was a lawyer assigned to Private Jessica Lynch after Lynch's rescue in Iraq. 
In December 2011, Rotunda took on the U.S. Air Force for its illegal termination of 157 Air Force Officers on the eve of retirement. On December 28, 2011, Rotunda exposed the Air Force in a Wall Street Journal op-ed entitled "The Air Force Grounds Its Officers," stating, "This holiday season, the Air Force has 'separated' (that is, fired) 157 officers on the eve of their retirement, including pilots flying dangerous missions, to avoid paying their pensions." She goes on to urges Congress to enact a law that would provide pro-rated retirement to these 157 officers and comments, "America's heroes have our backs. Who has theirs?"
In January 2012, Rotunda announced that Congressman Denny Rehbert (Montana-R) had introduced the ' 'Keep America's Promises Act' ' which would provide a pro-rated retirement for the unlawfully terminated airmen. Daily Caller
Celebrity Connections.
Rotunda's celebrity connections include news commentator Dennis Miller, actor Gary Sinise, and internationally known mind-body expert Deepak Chopra. In November 2011, Rotunda hosted Chopra at Chapman University for an event entitled "Healing Wounds of War" which was specifically geared to veterans suffering with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and Traumatic Brain Injury.

</doc>
<doc id="20360410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360410" title="Library of Congress (film)">
Library of Congress (film)

Library of Congress is a 1945 American short documentary film about the Library of Congress, directed by Alexander Hammid, and produced by the Office of War Information. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20360412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360412" title="Furukawa Group">
Furukawa Group

Furukawa Group formerly "Furukawa zaibatsu" (古河財閥) is one of Japan's 15 largest industrial groups. Its origins date back to 1875, founder Furukawa Ichibei. This group specialized in mining, electronics, and chemicals industry before World War II.
Now, the predominant companies are Fuji Electric and Furukawa Electric as well as Fujitsu, FANUC, and Advantest. Other well-known companies include Yokohama Rubber.

</doc>
<doc id="20360433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360433" title="Potrero de los Funes Circuit">
Potrero de los Funes Circuit

The Lago Potrero de los Funes circuit is a race track originally constructed in 1987, and rebuilt in 2008. It is located from San Luis, capital city of the San Luis Province, Argentina. The circuit is semi-permanent, with a length of . It was created by modifying the ring road that encircles Lake Potrero de los Funes, at the course's center.
The circuit has received very high praise from the drivers for its substantial undulations and numerous high speed corners and bends, which provide a great driving challenge.
The track's layout has changed slightly from its original layout. It appears that the curve prior to where the pits are now was tightened to create a more pronounced corner ahead of the pits, and perhaps to reduce speeds on the racing line going past the new pit exit. On the opposite side of the lake, where start/finish used to be located, a chicane has been added at the first high speed bend along that stretch. Also, on the initial descending run along the lake, there has been another chicane added to reduce speeds into the following corner that has limited run-off. Therefore, the original course had slightly shorter length of 6.186 km (3.844 mi).
Races hosted.
According to Damian Vega's account, a meet was held at this circuit on August 15, 1987. The main event was a Turismo Carretera race. During one of the heat races, a crash occurred that resulted in the deaths of two spectators. In the feature race, there was another crash, but the driver survived, though he may have been injured. This was the circuit's only meeting until the FIA GT weekend was held in November 2008.
On the track's reopening, two major events were hosted in November 2008. A race weekend was shared by the Argentinian TC 2000 as well as the international FIA GT Championship. José María López won the TC 2000 event, while Bert Longin and Anthony Kumpen won the San Luis 2 Hours in their Saleen S7R.
Future Races.
The FiA GT race did not take place in 2009; however, TC 2000 and Turismo Carretera both visited the circuit. Potrero de los Funes will return to the international racing scene as the final round of the FIA GT1 World Championship for the 2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20360435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360435" title="Aaron Edlin">
Aaron Edlin

Professor and author Aaron S. Edlin is a noted expert in law and economics, specializing in antitrust. In 1997–1998, he served in the Clinton White House as Senior Economist within the Council of Economic Advisers focusing on the areas of industrial organization, regulation and antitrust. In 1999, he co-founded the "Berkeley Electronic Press", an electronic publishing company that assists with scholarly communication.
Early years.
Edlin graduated in 1988 "Summa Cum Laude" from Princeton University, Woodrow Wilson School Science and Policy Program with an A.B. degree in physics and economics. In 1993, he received a Ph.D. in Economics, and a J.D. from Stanford University.
Career.
Edlin became a tenured professor of law at University of California, Berkeley in 1998 and the following year, he became tenured in the Department of Economics as well. Since 2005, he has held the Richard W. Jennings '39 Endowed Chair. He has also taught at Harvard Law School, Yale Law School, and Columbia Law School.
He is a Research Associate at the National Bureau of Economic Research. From 2000 through 2003, he served on the American Law and Economics Association's board of directors. 
Other active professional affiliations include American Economic Association, Econometric Society, and American Association of Law Teachers.
Along with Joseph Stiglitz and J. Bradford DeLong, Edlin is the editor of "The Economists' Voice" journal; from 2006 to 2007, he was also president and CEO. He is a member of the editorial boards of "Journal of Law, Economic, and Organization" and "International Review of Law and Economics"; he is a retired associate editor of "Journal of Industrial Economics". With Phillip Areeda and Louis Kaplow, Edlin co-authored "Antitrust analysis: Problems, text, cases", one of the leading American casebooks on antitrust. His most recent book, "The economists' voice: Top economists take on today's problems" (2008), is a series of essays on the application of economics to public policy issues. Edlin has written numerous articles and contributed to several books.
Edlin lives in the San Francisco Bay Area.

</doc>
<doc id="20360506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360506" title="Amyris (company)">
Amyris (company)

Amyris is an integrated renewable products company providing sustainable alternatives to a broad range of petroleum-sourced products. Amyris uses its industrial synthetic biology platform to convert plant sugars into a variety of hydrocarbon molecules, flexible building blocks which can be used in a wide range of products. Amyris is commercializing these products both as renewable ingredients in cosmetics, flavors, fragrances, polymers, lubricants and consumer products, and also as renewable diesel and jet fuels. Amyris Brasil S.A., a subsidiary of Amyris, oversees the establishment and expansion of Amyris’s production in Brazil. Amyris also has fuel distribution capabilities in the United States through its subsidiary, Amyris Fuels LLC. Founded in 2003 and headquartered in Emeryville, Ca, Amyris has raised over $120 million in equity funding to-date, including investments from Total S.A., Khosla Ventures, Votorantim Novos Negócios, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, TPG Biotech, and DAG Ventures. 
The company went public on NASDAQ in October 2010 (AMRS) but as of January, 2013, was trading at less than 30% of its initial offering price due to lack of commercial success in cost-effectively producing "drop in" synthetic transportation fuel, which was to be its initial, major focus. The firm has now focused its attention on higher-priced and higher-margin products that are not in the transportation fuel area.
Renewable Fuels.
Amyris' technology platform, branded "No Compromise," is focused on providing high performance petroleum-alternatives, using sustainable feedstock such as sugarcane.
Amyris is establishing the partnerships and capabilities needed to bring the renewable diesel fuel to market. A few of these actions include:
Artemisinin.
Artemisinin is a compound naturally found in the Chinese Sweet Wormwood plant effective in the treatment of malaria. Its production is hampered by difficult climate and agricultural conditions. Institute for OneWorld Health received a grant from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to develop and produce non-seasonal, high-quality, affordable artemisinin, and engaged Amyris Biotechnologies and Sanofi to assist on certain parts of the project, which is near completion, based on technology from UC Berkeley, NRC Canada, and other sources,

</doc>
<doc id="20360517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360517" title="Frederick Pratten (cricketer)">
Frederick Pratten (cricketer)

Frederick Lewis Pratten, born on 13 February 1904 at Weston-super-Mare, Somerset and died on 23 February 1967 at Midsomer Norton, Somerset, was a cricketer who played 12 first-class matches for Somerset in 1930 and 1931.
A wicketkeeper and tail-end batsman, Pratten was one of several substitute wicketkeepers used by Somerset to cover the absence through ill-health of the regular wicketkeeper, Wally Luckes. Others included the ultimate non-batsman, Seymour Clark, and the opening batsman Frank Lee. 
Pratten played once in the 1930 season in the match against Leicestershire, not batting and taking one catch. In the 1931 season, he played in Somerset's first 10 County Championship matches, plus the match against the New Zealanders, taking in those 11 matches five catches and making five stumpings. At the end of June, Lee took over the wicketkeeping duties, and Pratten did not appear in first-class cricket again. 
He reached double figures only three times in 18 innings, twice in the match against Nottinghamshire, which Somerset still lost heavily.
External links.
Frederick Pratten at www.cricketarchive.com 

</doc>
<doc id="20360584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360584" title="St Patricks East Kerry GAA">
St Patricks East Kerry GAA

St Patricks are a Gaelic Athletic Association hurling club in East County Kerry, Ireland. They draw their players mainly from Killarney, Rathmore, St. Mary’s and Spa/ Glenflesk. A one time senior club they now play in the Junior Championship and the Junior Hurling League Division 3B. Dan Kelliher is the current President of the club.
History.
On 15 November 1982, on the initiative of the then chairman of the East Kerry GAA Board Seán Kelly a meeting was called for the Park Place Hotel with the aim of setting up a Club to promote hurling in the division. Among those present were Connie Carroll Runai E.K.B, Pa Doyle, Gerald Landers, Brother Justin, Derry Crowley, Johnny Culloty, Michaell Culloty, Tadhgie Fleming, Joe Doherty, Liam McGuire Tom Holohan, and Noel O'Connor. It was decided that the name of the Club would be St. Patricks East Kerry GAA Club. 
The Club has enjoyed varying levels of success with the winning of the Kerry Intermediate Hurling Championship in 1983 and 1990 and the County League division 2 in 1985, being chief among them.

</doc>
<doc id="20360640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360640" title="Community Access, Inc.">
Community Access, Inc.

Community Access, Inc. is a non-profit organization that assists New Yorkers living with psychiatric disabilities make the transition from shelters and institutions to independent living by providing supportive housing, job-training and employment services and advocacy.
Mission.
According to Community Access's main website, their mission is:
Community Access assists people with psychiatric disabilities make the transition from
shelters and institutions to independent living. We provide safe, affordable housing and support services, and we advocate for the rights of people to live without fear or stigma. Community Access’ work demonstrates that people with psychiatric disabilities can lead productive, dignified, and valued lives in the community.
History.
Community Access was formed in 1974 by concerned clinicians, family members, and former patients in response to the rapid downsizing of New York’s psychiatric hospitals. The founding directors’ practical response was to pool their own money as seed capital to rent and renovate three apartments on New York’s Lower East Side. Without fanfare, they helped their first residents reconnect with the community, find work, and rebuild long-broken social ties.
Today, Community Access is internationally recognized as one of the most innovative providers of transitional and supportive housing providers for people with mental illnesses. They have expanded beyond housing to include support services, job training, and a fine art program to meet the needs of individuals and families. Tenants and consumers of housing and services also include people living with HIV/AIDS, low-income families, veterans, and individuals who had previously been incarcerated. Their award-winning programs have been replicated across the country and are recognized as leaders in providing comprehensive services to a diverse population.
Current Programs (2009).
Housing.
Community Access has led the development of housing that integrates people with specials needs with other low-income families. Financing of projects includes complex public and private sources.
Services.
Support services provided to more than 850 tenants include:
Job training and employment services are provided by the Howie the Harp Peer Advocacy Center (HTH). Since 1995, HTH has had over 730 graduates with an 80% placement rate in jobs and higher education. This peer advocacy program has been replicated nationally.
The Art Collective provides technical training and support for artists, covering the entire process from creation of art to exhibition and sale notably hand made books. Artwork produced is featured in professional exhibits and displayed in all of the public spaces of Community Access. The Collective has nearly 50 active artists.
Advocacy.
Community Access leads reform efforts on mental health issues related to social justice and housing. They have partnered with many other organizations to promote the basic human rights of people with psychiatric disabilities, taking an active role in initiatives such as:
Leadership.
Governance.
Community Access is governed by a 13-member Board of Directors. Officers are Stephen Chase of Clean Venture, President; Karen Roth of the New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation (ret.), Vice President; David Perry of The Clarett Group, Secretary; Joshua Auerbach of Quancast Corporation, Treasurer.
Management.
Steve Coe, Executive Director, has led the organization for the past 30 years in building its programs, developing innovative housing, and creating an efficient management structure. Steve has been a powerful leader in New York and across the country, advocating for new units of affordable housing and appropriate services so that people living with mental illness can be reintegrated into communities.
Staff.
Community Access employs 238 individuals, 20% of whom are mental health consumers. We are committed to our goal of 51% consumer staff spread over all departments, programs, and levels of management.
Funding.
Community Access's 2008-2009 budget is $16.6 million. The annual budget has grown 25% in past three years. Sources of funding include: 74% government contracts, 17% earned income, 6% foundations and corporations, and 3% individual donors.
Awards and Features.
2008: Robin Hood Heroes – Dwayne Mayes, Director of Howie the Harp Peer Advocacy Center, Steve Coe, Executive Director; Robin Hood Foundation [http://www.robinhood.org/home.aspx].
2006: 2006 Building Brooklyn Award for Affordable Housing; Brooklyn Chamber of Commerce
2005: Project of the Year; Supportive Housing Network of New York [http://www.shnny.org/]
2004: Project of the Year; New York State Association for Affordable Housing. Community Access featured in the 11th season, seventh episode of PBS series, "Visionaries [http://www.visionaries.org]".
2002, 1995: Maxwell Award of Excellence [http://www.fanniemaefoundation.org/programs/maxwell_awards.html](won twice); Fannie Mae Foundation
1995: Design Award; National Association of Housing Rehabilitation Officials

</doc>
<doc id="20360684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360684" title="Colonial League (baseball)">
Colonial League (baseball)

The Colonial League was a mid-level American minor baseball league that existed from 1947 through mid-July 1950. It was graded Class B, four levels below the Major Leagues, and featured teams in Connecticut, New York and New Jersey.
The Colonial was one of many minor leagues that briefly existed during the post-World War II baseball boom. It competed in the Northeastern U.S. with five Major League clubs in New York and New England, established minor leagues such as the International League, Eastern League, Canadian-American League and PONY League, and other fledgling circuits such as the postwar New England League and Border League. 
As a whole, the Colonial was rarely adopted as a site for farm teams for major league clubs. Only two of its member teams (the 1948 Bridgeport Bees and Port Chester Clippers) ever affiliated with a big league parent club.
As the minors began to contract in the late 1940s, the Colonial League's days were numbered. It shut its doors on July 14, 1950, with only 80,000 fans reported to have attended games in the entire six-team circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20360691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360691" title="Kinlock Shelter">
Kinlock Shelter

The Kinlock Shelter is a Rock shelter and Native American cultural site located just outside Sipsey Wilderness in Bankhead National Forest, near Double Springs, Alabama. The shelter is located not far from Hubbard Creek, near a former Civilian Conservation Corps work camp off Kinlock Road. The name "Kinlock" is taken from a former plantation nearby.
Kinlock Shelter, occasionally referred to as the Kinlock Antiquities, is the home of a Native American Winter Solstice sunrise ritual. The shelter was first used by the Yuchi Tribe who used the site and the patterns drawn in the rock as part of a trance-inducing process, and for ceremonial acknowledgement of solar cycles. The site has also been used by other tribes, including the Cherokee. It has been used for many thousands of years.
Possession of alcoholic beverages and camping without a written permit from the United States Forest Service is prohibited inside Kinlock Shelter.

</doc>
<doc id="20360755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360755" title="North African Cup of Champions">
North African Cup of Champions

The North African Cup of Champions is a tournament designed by the Union of North African Football (UNAF) that puts together the winners of the domestic leagues around North Africa. The tournament contains representatives from Algeria, Libya, Morocco and Tunisia.
Origin.
On October 6, the representatives of the Federation of North African Football (FNAF) met in Tunis. They agreed that North Africa, once one of the strongest regions in African football, did not have a regional competition that represented the region. Therefore, the President of the FNAF, the Algerian Mohamed Raouraoua, along with the rest of the FNAF, decided that two new competitions would be started in order to bring together the best sides in North Africa. The Cup of Champions brings together the winners of the five domestic leagues in North Africa, whereas the Cup Winners' Cup matches the winners of the five domestic cup competitions around North Africa.
Format.
The semi-finals and the final are two-legged affairs.
Prize money.
Prize money:

</doc>
<doc id="20360805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360805" title="Kathryne Dora Brown">
Kathryne Dora Brown

Kathryne Dora Brown (born February 10, 1971) is an American actress.
Born in Los Angeles, California, she is the daughter of actor Georg Stanford Brown and actress Tyne Daly. Her uncle is actor Tim Daly.

</doc>
<doc id="20360815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360815" title="ASTAP">
ASTAP

ASTAP (Advanced Statistical Analysis Program) 
was a general purpose analog electronic circuit simulator developed primarily for in-house use by IBM from 1973 
on. It was a powerful program used for simulation of integrated circuit designs, and their analysis with statistical variations of the manufacturing process. In combination with the built-in Monte Carlo method capabilities it allowed prediction of the performance of electronic circuits under a wide range of material parameters and temperatures. ASTAP was designed to run on IBM Mainframe computers.
Unlike SPICE, which used Modified nodal analysis (MNA) to form the system of circuit equations, ASTAP instead used "sparse tableau formulation" (STA) to construct and solve a sparse matrix. The sparse tableau formulation produced very large, very sparse matrices which required special techniques to solve efficiently, even at that time. The advantage of STA for statistical analysis is that, as originally outlined, a subsequent analysis of a circuit with randomly varied parameters only required changing entries in the matrix.

</doc>
<doc id="20360846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360846" title="Great Hockham">
Great Hockham

Great Hockham is a village in the English county of Norfolk within the civil parish of Hockham, though the distinction between village and parish may now be moot as there is evidence to suggest that the other village in the parish, Little Hockham, is now deserted.
The village lies north east of Thetford and by road south west from Norwich.
It is served by Holy Trinity church in the Benefice of Wayland Group.

</doc>
<doc id="20360942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360942" title="North American Water and Power Alliance">
North American Water and Power Alliance

The North American Water and Power Alliance (NAWPA or NAWAPA, also referred to as NAWAPTA from proposed governing body the North American Water and Power Treaty Authority) is a proposed continental water management scheme conceived in the 1950s by the US Army Corps of Engineers. The planners envisioned diverting water from some rivers in Alaska south through Canada via the Rocky Mountain Trench and other routes to the US and would involve 369 separate construction projects. The water would enter the US in northern Montana. There it would be diverted to the headwaters of rivers such as the Colorado River and the Yellowstone River. Implementation of NAWAPA has not been seriously considered since the 1970s, due to the array of environmental, economic and diplomatic issues raised by the proposal. Western historian William deBuys wrote that "NAWAPA died a victim of its own grandiosity."
The plan.
A technical and economic blueprint for the plan was developed in 1964 by the Parsons Corporation of Pasadena, California. The total cost was estimated in 1975 as $100 billion — equaling $420 billion in 2012 dollars, comparable in cost to the Interstate Highway System.
Water management.
The Parsons plan would divert water from the Yukon, Liard and Peace River systems into the southern half of the Rocky Mountain Trench which would be dammed into a massive, -long reservoir. Some of the water would be sent east across central Canada to form a navigable waterway connecting Alberta to the Great Lakes with the additional benefit of stabilizing the Great Lakes' water level. The rest of the water would enter the United States in northern Montana, providing additional flow to the Columbia and Missouri–Mississippi river systems, and would be pumped over the Rocky Mountains via the Sawtooth Lifts in Idaho. From there, it would run south via aqueducts to the Colorado River and Rio Grande systems. Some of this water would be sent around the southern end of the Rockies in New Mexico and pumped north to the High Plains, stabilizing the Ogallala Aquifer. The increased flow of the Colorado River, meanwhile, would enter Mexico, allowing for greater development of agriculture in Baja California and Sonora.
The project would provide of water to water-deficient areas in the North American continent, including Canada and the United States, as well as irrigation water for Mexico, which Parsons claimed would receive enough water to reclaim 7 or 8 times more land than Egypt reclaimed with the Aswan High Dam. It would provide increased water flow in the upper Missouri and Mississippi rivers during periods of low flow, increased hydropower generation along the Columbia River, and stabilize water levels in the Great Lakes. Parsons originally proposed using peaceful nuclear explosions to excavate trenches and underground water storage reservoirs for the system.
Power generation.
The project would generate a vast amount of electricity from a number of hydroelectric and nuclear power facilities (the latter of which would be required to power the multiple pumping stations needed to move the water across the continent). The issue of electricity generation has created some controversy, with some commentators such as Marc Reisner arguing that the plan would be a net consumer of energy, while others estimate a net gain of 60 to 80 million kilowatts after meeting the needs for pumping.
Transportation.
The plan would potentially have included a navigable waterway in Canada from Alberta to Lake Superior, to be called the Transcontinental Canal. In addition to increasing availability of water, the canal would address problems of water pollution.
Environmental impacts.
The engineering of the project and the creation of a large number of new reservoirs — many of them in designated wilderness areas — would have destroyed vast areas of wildlife habitat in Canada and the American West and would have required the relocation of hundreds of thousands of people — including the entire city of Prince George, British Columbia. A number of federally designated Wild and Scenic Rivers in Idaho and Montana would be submerged under reservoirs, including the Salmon, Lochsa, Clearwater, Yellowstone and Big Hole. The amount of electricity required to pump the water over the Rockies would require the construction of as many as six nuclear power plants. Significant negative consequences were also predicted for Pacific salmon runs in the many Alaskan and Canadian rivers that would be dammed and diverted, reducing their flows. Luna Leopold, a conservationist and professor of hydrology at the University of California, Berkeley said of NAWAPA, "The environmental damage that would be caused by that damned thing can't even be described. It would cause as much harm as all of the dam-building we have done in a hundred years."
Reception.
NAWAPA garnered early support from some Western political figures, who viewed its promise of increased water supplies as key to continued growth in the Western United States. In 1966, Congressman Jim Wright, in his book, "The Coming Water Famine", wrote that "NAWAPA has an almost limitless potential if we possess the courage and the foresight to grasp it." In 1967, Senator Frank Moss of Utah wrote "The Water Crisis", in which he called NAWAPA the most comprehensive water diversion proposal to solve supply and pollution problems. (Moss was later hired by the Parsons Corporation and retained as a lobbyist.) Los Angeles County Supervisor Mike Antonovich called for Los Angeles to back the plan. The Corps of Engineers studied this project in the 1950s and 1960s, but no official proposal was ever developed. Canadian Prime Minister Lester Pearson was quoted in 1966 saying of the plan that “This can be one of the most important developments in our history."
In the 1970s, the plan began to encounter fierce opposition by a number of different groups on both sides of the border, based on concerns with its financial and environmental costs and the international implications of exporting Canadian water. The environmental movement, which viewed the plan as the "hydrologic anti-Christ," gained momentum in the early 1970s, and is credited with playing a major role in halting the project. After initially expressing support for NAWAPA as Interior Secretary in the 1960s, Stewart Udall publicly ridiculed the plan after leaving office. The project was opposed by public sentiment in Canada, though Canadian financier Simon Reisman, who negotiated the Free Trade Agreement, the precursor to the North American Free Trade Agreement, was one of its backers and main promoters. Nonetheless, the Canadian position on free trade exempted water exports, in part specifically to pre-empt any attempted completion of Reisman's long-time pet project. The NAWAPA Foundation, which Parsons had founded to promote the scheme, closed its doors in 1990.
Environmental writer Marc Reisner noted in "Cadillac Desert" that the plan was one of "brutal magnificence" and "unprecedented destructiveness." Historian Ted Steinberg suggested that NAWAPA summed up "the sheer arrogance and imperial ambitions of the modern hydraulic West" and credited rising costs and the rise of the environmental movement with killing the idea. One author called it "the most outlandish water development scheme to emerge in the past 50 years"
Beginning in 1982, some efforts were made to revive the plan, including by Parsons engineer Roland Kelley, who authored a report called "NAWAPA Plan Can Work". Lyndon LaRouche and the LaRouche movement are currently vocal supporters of the project, making efforts to revive NAWAPA in 1982 and again in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20360952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360952" title="Edlin (disambiguation)">
Edlin (disambiguation)

Edlin is a line editor included with MS-DOS and later Microsoft operating systems. 
Edlin may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20360965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360965" title="Christ Church Guilford">
Christ Church Guilford

The Christ Church Guilford, historically known as the "Old Brick Church," is an historic Episcopal church located at Guilford, now part of Columbia, in Howard County, Maryland. The small Georgian church was completed in 1809. It was constructed of handmade brick laid in English garden wall brick bond with unmarked joints.
The original church was established in 1727 as Queen Caroline Parish Church. Trinity Church (Elkridge, Maryland), grew out of Christ Church. The structure replaced a ca1711 frame building and is the second church building to be built on the plot deeded to the parish in 1738 by Caleb Dorsey. It is the oldest church building still in use in Howard County.
Architecture.
The brick church has a steep gabled roof and is laid in English garden wall brick bond. The structure, two bays wide and three bays deep, faces east with twin entrance doors in the north and south bays. Each bay is rectangular, surmounted by a Federal-style transom and reached by two stone steps. The nave windows are rectangular, holding twelve-over-twelve lites and, decorated with splayed brick flat arched lintels. The interior contains a gallery which extends around three sides of the church.
History.
During the early 1800s the Episcopal Church in Maryland grew very slowly. The American Revolutionary War created tremendous conflicts within the Episcopal Church in the colonies. The clergy, who had been ordained in England, had taken an oath of allegiance to the king. This conflicted with their Oath of Fidelity required by the local assembly. Some clergy returned to England and others simply stopped preaching. After the end of the Revolutionary War the Church of England, the Episcopal Church’s parent church, was disestablished as the state religion. Having lost its official government support, the church was low on funds, and few new churches were built.
In 1789, Anglican congregations in nine states adopted The Protestant Episcopal Church as their name and was formally separated from the Church of England. The American Episcopal church was incorporated as “the first Anglican Province outside the British Isles.” Churches that were built during the period of time after the founding of the American church were usually of an economical design. Christ Church was one of the first Episcopal churches constructed in the state after the Revolution. The only architecturally sophisticated feature is the three-part window over the entrances. In the interior, the paneled gallery is a simple and direct interpretation of much larger churches built during the 18th century in major Episcopal cities like Philadelphia and London.
Pastors.
The Reverend James MacGill was chosen in 1730 as Christ Church's first full-time rector. MacGill was a native of Perth, Scotland who served in the church for 50 years. The Rev Thomas John Claggett was rector from 1781-1782; he became the first Bishop of Maryland in 1792, and was the first Episcopal bishop consecrated in America.
Historical significance.
The structure was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
References.
"This article incorporates public domain text from the United States government."

</doc>
<doc id="20360971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360971" title="Stephen H. Gloucester">
Stephen H. Gloucester

Stephen Gloucester (born 1802 - died 1850) was among the primary organizers for the Underground Railroad in Philadelphia and the founder of The First African Presbyterian Church at Girard Avenue and 42nd Street in Philadelphia, which had 123 members by 1811.
Slavery.
Gloucester was one of the four sons of John Gloucester. Stephen was born a slave in Tennessee, his father paid $400 for Stephen's freedom when he was 12 years of age.
Community organizer.
Between 1820 and 1840, Reverend Gloucester ran a school for black children and established a reading room for black adults.
He organized the Leavitt Anti-Slavery Society and encouraged black churches to start similar groups, and was one of eight black pastors who founded the American and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society.
In 1838, he became a co-publisher and co-proprietor of the Colored American, but never fulfilled his plans to publish a Philadelphia edition.
He became the pastor of the Second African Presbyterian after its previous pastor died.
A mob destroyed Second African Presbyterian in the 1842 race riots.
Controversy.
In 1844, Gloucester became the founding pastor at Lombard Street Central Presbyterian Church - a church that was formed after the congregation of Second Presbyterian split into two factions.
This schism with other activists led Gloucester to concentrate on his church, which moved into the white, Greek Revival-style building on the 800 block of Lombard upon its completion in 1848.
The church eventually dropped the "street" in its name and became known as Lombard Central Presbyterian.
Frederick Douglass is said to have called Gloucester "one of the vilest traitors to his race that ever lived."
Death and burial site.
In 1850, while on a church-related trip to Reading, Gloucester died of pneumonia. Gloucester's congregation buried him in a brick vault in the front of the building he had raised money to construct.
There they placed a marble obelisk, inscribed:
In 1880, Ann Gloucester died, and her remains were placed with her husband in the brick vault.
At some point since an 1895 photograph was taken, the large obelisk that marked the Gloucesters' grave went missing.
In 1939, the congregation outgrew their original church, which is on the National Register of Historic Places, and moved to a historic former Quaker meeting house on Powelton Avenue in West Philadelphia.
In the summer of 2008, a couple who had bought the property was in the process of converting the worn-out structure into a luxury home they hope to sell for $4.95 million. Workers hit a piece of slate which turned out to be his brick tomb.
On Friday November 21, 2008, his remains were found.
Mooney, an archeologist, said in an email Saturday, November 22, 2008, that all evidence at the site backs up the documentary evidence that the vault contained the remains of the Gloucesters and Winrow. Forensic details are forthcoming.

</doc>
<doc id="20360982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360982" title="Dora Mwima">
Dora Mwima

Dora Mwima is a beauty pageant contestant who represented Uganda in Miss World 2008 in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20360983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20360983" title="Armenian Datacom Company">
Armenian Datacom Company

Company Overview.
Armenian Datacom Company CJSC (ADC) is an Armenian-Norwegian joint venture in Armenia formed in April 2006. It provides data communication and corporate networking.
The company built a fiber-optics network which covers Yerevan and its suburbs. ADC launched its telecommunication services on April 27, 2007.
ADC was the first company in Armenia granted a license as a public network services provider, in accordance with new laws and regulation procedures. The company has constructed an independent and redundant, exclusive fiber-optic network, which topology represents interconnection of ring-type core highways.
Network.
ADC is the first company in Armenia to provide an independent and redundant fiber-optic cable network, which topology is an interconnection of ring-type backbones.
The Company continues to make considerable investments to expand its own and exclusively independent fiber-optic network. ADC network length is already more than 400 km, and the core network is based on 14 distribution nodes. The equipment installed on each node provides 1:1 redundancy for all major functional possibilities. They are all equipped with uninterrupted power sources. The network has been constructed with the optic cable produced by "Draka Comteq" in Germany and by applying ultramodern technologies the network is enabled to transmit up to 200 Gbp/s speed in the network core. Modern switch-technology from Alcatel-Lucent has been used in network core, enabling IP/MPLS transmission features.
It is a member of RIPE NCC.

</doc>
<doc id="20361004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361004" title="Georgina Hogarth">
Georgina Hogarth

Georgina Hogarth (22 January 1827 – 19 April 1917) was the sister-in-law, housekeeper and adviser of English novelist Charles Dickens and the editor of two volumes of his collected letters after his death.
Biography.
'Georgy' Hogarth was one of ten children born in Scotland to music critic George Hogarth and his wife Georgina. In 1834 she and her family moved to England where her father had taken a job as a music critic for the "Morning Chronicle".
In 1842, aged 15, Georgina Hogarth joined the Dickens family household when Dickens and his wife Catherine (née Hogarth), sailed to America, caring for the young family they had left behind. She remained with them as housekeeper, organiser, adviser and friend until her brother-in-law's death in 1870, after which she stayed in regular contact with the surviving members of the Dickens family.
Discord.
In 1858 Georgina Hogarth sided with Dickens in his quarrel with her sister, Catherine, Dickens's wife. This caused the family to break apart. Georgina, Charles Dickens and all of the children except Charles Dickens, Jr. remained in their home at Tavistock House, while Catherine and Charles Jr. moved out. Georgina Hogarth ran his household. On 12 June 1858 he published a self-justifying and cruel article in his journal, "Household Words", explaining the situation.
"Some domestic trouble of mine, of long-standing, on which I will make no further remark than that it claims to be respected, as being of a sacredly private nature, has lately been brought to an arrangement, which involves no anger or ill-will of any kind, and the whole origin, progress, and surrounding circumstances of which have been, throughout, within the knowledge of my children. It is amicably composed, and its details have now but to be forgotten by those concerned in it...By some means, arising out of wickedness, or out of folly, or out of inconceivable wild chance, or out of all three, this trouble has been made the occasion of misrepresentations, most grossly false, most monstrous, and most cruel – involving, not only me, but innocent persons dear to my heart... I most solemnly declare, then – and this I do both in my own name and in my wife's name – that all the lately whispered rumours touching the trouble, at which I have glanced, are abominably false. And whosoever repeats one of them after this denial, will lie as wilfully and as foully as it is possible for any false witness to lie, before heaven and earth".
He sent this statement to the newspapers, including "The Times", and many reprinted it. He fell out with Bradbury and Evans, his publishers, because they refused to publish his statement in "Punch" as they thought it unsuitable for a humorous periodical. An even more tactless public statement appeared in the "New York Tribune", which later found its way into several British newspapers. In this statement Dickens declared that it had been only Georgina Hogarth who had held the family together for some time: 
"... I will merely remark of wife that some peculiarity of her character has thrown all the children on someone else. I do not know – I cannot by any stretch of fancy imagine – what would have become of them but for this aunt, who has grown up with them, to whom they are devoted, and who has sacrificed the best part of her youth and life to them. She has remonstrated, reasoned, suffered, and toiled, again and again, to prevent a separation between Mrs. Dickens and me. Mrs. Dickens has often expressed to her sense of affectionate care and devotion in her home – never more strongly than within the last twelve months.
In the same year Dickens and William Makepeace Thackeray were members of the Garrick Club. On going into the club one day Thackeray remarked that Dickens's separation from Catherine was due to a liaison with an actress, Ellen Ternan, rather than with Georgina Hogarth. Dickens was so infuriated with this remark that it almost put an end to the Dickens-Thackeray friendship.
In an attempt to dispel the rumours that he and Hogarth had been having an affair, Dickens had her examined by doctors who verified that she was still a virgin.
Later years.
On the death of Dickens on 9 June 1870, Georgina Hogarth and Ellen Ternan were at his bedside. In his will Dickens left Hogarth the then huge sum of £8,000, and "...all my private papers whatsoever and wheresoever". Among these papers was the manuscript of "The Life of Our Lord", written in 1849 by Dickens exclusively for his children, to whom he read it aloud every Christmas. On her death in 1917 it came into the possession of Sir Henry Fielding Dickens, Dicken's last surviving son.
Using the private letters Dickens left to her in his will, and working with Dickens's eldest daughter, Mary 'Mamie' Dickens, and using Wilkie Collins as an adviser, Hogarth edited three editions of 'The Letters of Charles Dickens From 1833 To 1870'. This included a two-volume edition published in 1880, with a third volume appearing in 1882, a new and shorter edition in two volumes, also in 1882, and a one-volume edition in 1893. Typically in a family selection, all letters on private family matters were omitted. No mention was made of the money-troubles of John Dickens, Charles's father, the marital troubles of Fred and Augustus Dickens, Dickens's brothers, Dickens's own separation from Catherine or his worries over his sons Alfred Dickens and Edward Dickens. What was unusual, however, was the editors' methods: if cuts were made in one letter leaving passages stranded, these passages were inserted in letters of a later date. 
In the Preface Georgina Hogarth and Mary Dickens stated: 
"We intend this Collection of Letters to be a Supplement to the "Life of Charles Dickens," by John Forster. That work, perfect and exhaustive as a biography, is only incomplete as regards correspondence; the scheme of the book having made it impossible to include in its space any letters, or hardly any, besides those addressed to Mr. Forster. As no man ever expressed himself more in his letters than Charles Dickens, we believe that in publishing this careful selection from his general correspondence we shall be supplying a want which has been universally felt."
Georgina Hogarth died in 1917 and was buried at the Old Mortlake Burial Ground in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.
Controversy.
In January 2009 "The Times" and other newspapers reported on a diamond ring which it was claimed was once owned by Charles Dickens and which was cited as evidence that he had an illegitimate child with Georgina Hogarth. At that time a sexual relationship with a sister-in-law was classed as incest under the law and was a criminal offence. The previously undocumented gold ring, set with a single diamond, was auctioned in February 2009 realising a hammer price of £26,000. It sold to an anonymous collector from Northern Ireland. According to an inscription, the ring was presented to Dickens by Alfred Lord Tennyson, the Poet Laureate and a close personal friend, in 1854.
The article reports that the ring later became the proud possession of Hector Charles Bulwer Lytton Dickens, who had always claimed to be the novelist's illegitimate son through a relationship with Georgina Hogarth. The ring was being sold by Hector Dickens's descendants, along with letters, two wills and various newspaper reports which they state support his claim. His family claim that in 1890 Hector Dickens bought the ring from one of Dickens's legitimate sons, Alfred Dickens, who lived in Australia for 45 years and who is said to have fallen on hard times.
Florian Schweizer, the curator of the Charles Dickens Museum in London's Doughty Street is recorded as saying that if genuine the ring could turn Dickens history "...on its head... There have been rumours of them having an affair but it has never been substantiated because there has never been any reliable evidence emerge. They lived together for the last 13 years with Georgina as a friend and companion, but Dickens also had a mistress at the time."
However, Claire Tomalin, who wrote a biography of Ellen Ternan, allegedly another of Dickens's mistresses, questioned the claim. In her book "The Invisible Woman" she stated that 'Hector Dickens' was probably an Australian conman called Charly Peters who used the then current rumours of Dickens's infidelities to trick people out of money.
Portrayals.
In the 1976 Yorkshire Television miniseries "Dickens of London", starring Roy Dotrice as Charles Dickens, the actresses Patsy Kensit played a young Georgina Hogarth, while Christine McKenna played her as an adult.

</doc>
<doc id="20361032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361032" title="Battle of the Tugela Heights">
Battle of the Tugela Heights

The Battle of Tugela (or Thukela) Heights, consisted of a series of military actions lasting from 14 February through 27 February 1900 in which General Sir Redvers Buller's British army forced Louis Botha's Boer army to lift the Siege of Ladysmith during the Second Boer War.
Background.
Buller's army had made three earlier attempts to raise the Boer siege of Ladysmith. The battles of Colenso, Spionkop and Vaal Krantz each resulted in embarrassing British defeats at the hands of Botha's army of Boer irregulars. In three months, British casualties rose to 3,400 men while Boer losses were much lower. On 12 February, Buller ordered a fourth attempt to relieve Ladysmith. He hoped to exploit his ten-to-one superiority in artillery and four-to-one advantage in numbers.
Geography.
The direct route to Ladysmith lay along the railroad, which ran mostly north and south. The railroad crossed the Tugela River at Colenso, ran along the north bank of the river, snaked between Railway Hill and Pieters Hill and continued to Ladysmith. While their main defences were north of the river, the Boers also held a number of ridges south of the river and east of Colenso. The Tugela runs generally east to Colenso, but near the railroad bridge the river turns north, then northeast. Along the northeasterly stretch, the river and railroad are commanded by a series of hills which represented the Boer main line of defence.
A high ridge named Hlangwane rose northeast of Colenso on the south bank and overlooked the railroad. During the Battle of Colenso, a British attack on Hlangwane was repulsed. Since that time, the Boers had greatly strengthened the ridge. With Hlangwane in his possession, Buller could dominate the Boer positions at Colenso, and safely cross there. To capture Hlangwane, Buller realized that he would first have to rout the Boers from all their positions south of the river, but even with the south bank in his possession, Buller would still have to fight through the Boer-held hills to the north on the river.
Battle on the south bank.
On 12 February, Lieutenant-Colonel Julian Byng led a reconnaissance in force to Hussar Hill, a position southeast of Colenso. The position fell on 14 February to Colonel the Earl of Dundonald's mounted brigade, and 34 artillery pieces soon crowned Hussar Hill. With the support of the guns, Major-General Neville Lyttelton's 4th Infantry Division struck to the northeast on 15 February. Cingolo Hill, to the northeast of Hussar Hill, fell next. On 18 February, while, hundreds of miles to the west, General Kitchener's army was fruitlessly attacking Piet Cronjé's surrounded army, an event known as Bloody Sunday, Major-General Henry J. T. Hildyard's 2nd Brigade captured the height of Monte Cristo, and Major-General Geoffrey Barton's 6th Brigade cleared Green Hill. The outflanked Boers abandoned Hlangwane and the south bank entirely on 19 February. Immediately, the British installed heavy artillery on the summit of Hlangwane.
Battle on the north bank.
Buller preferred to avoid the obvious route north along the railroad, but his intelligence officer informed him that an advance north across the river from Monte Cristo was impracticable. Therefore, the British were forced to find a way to overcome the main Boer positions. British infantry occupied Colenso on 19 February and the railhead was advanced to Colenso Station. On 21 February, the pontoon bridge was positioned under the western brow of Hlangwane and the army began to cross. Major-General Arthur S. Wynne's 11th Brigade captured Boer positions at Horse-shoe Hill and Wynne's Hill north of Colenso on the evening of 22 February. Major-General Fitzroy Hart's 5th (Irish) Brigade attacked the next high ground to the northeast, Hart's Hill on 23 February. Not waiting for all his battalions to arrive, Hart sent his troops up piecemeal and they were repulsed with almost 500 casualties. Two battalions of reinforcements arrived in time to prevent a rout. Two colonels were among the dead and the Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers lost 72% of their officers and 27% of their rank and file. During this engagement Edgar Thomas Inkson carried a young officer, who was severely wounded and unable to walk, for three or four hundred yards, under very heavy fire, to a place of safety for which he was awarded the Victoria Cross.
On 25 February, a six-hour armistice was arranged to recover the British wounded on the upper slopes of Wynne's and Hart's Hills. On one section of hillside, 80 dead and only three survivors were recovered.
Buller began to look for another way to flank the Boers. It turned out that in front of the Boer positions, the Tugela entered a gorge. The pontoon bridge was moved north to the mouth of the gorge so British soldiers could cross and move to the northeast along the riverbank, unseen by the Boers. Meanwhile, a trail was located by which the British artillery was moved into supporting distance on the south bank. Lieutenant-General Sir Charles Warren's 5th Infantry Division was directed to attack the Boer left flank. The brigades would strike from east to west, first at Pieters Hill, then Railway Hill and finally Hart's Hill. Meanwhile, Lyttelton's division would threaten the Boer center and right flank. For once, Botha failed to anticipate Buller's moves.
Barton's brigade attacked Pieters Hill shortly after noon on 27 February. Behind an early use of the creeping barrage by field artillery pieces as heavy as 4.7-inch naval guns, the 6th Brigade's advance was rapid at first. Then, about 14:00, as the British infantry moved out of artillery observation and Botha reinforced his threatened flank, the attack stalled. The reserve was put in at 14:30 and repulsed due to tough Boer resistance and enfilading fire from Railway Hill to the west.
At 15:00 Colonel Walter Kitchener's 5th Brigade attacked Railway Hill. After working their way slowly uphill, the soldiers carried the "nek" (saddle) between Hart's and Railway Hills in a brilliant bayonet charge, capturing 48 Boer prisoners. The last to move forward, Major-General Norcott's 4th Brigade, began its assault on Hart's Hill. The close artillery support proved decisive, as trench after trench was overwhelmed by direct fire. A final infantry charge cleared the crest, compelling a Boer retreat. As Botha's men fell back from the heights, the British infantry gave out a cheer.
Aftermath.
On 28 February, the besieged defenders of Ladysmith observed a great column of Boer horsemen and wagons moving rapidly north, just outside artillery range. Some time after 5:00 pm, two squadrons of British mounted infantry commanded by Major Hubert Gough from Buller's army rode into Ladysmith and ended the siege. Botha retreated to a new defensive line 60 miles to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="20361042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361042" title="Oakham United F.C.">
Oakham United F.C.

Oakham United Football Club is a now defunct football club based in Sutton-in-Ashfield, Nottinghamshire. It was formed in 1969 and was in existence up to 1996. There was often some confusion from visiting teams with the club named after an area of nearby Mansfield and not the Rutland town of Oakham. 
The club's most successful years came in the mid-1990s, finishing twice as runner-up in the Central Midlands Football League Supreme division, before becoming champions in the club's final year in the 1995-96 season. The club was unable to gain promotion from the league due to its Mansfield Hosiery Mills ground not meeting the criteria of the Northern Counties East League, one side of the ground over-lapping onto a cricket pitch. An ambitious plan to move to nearby Huthwaite and change the name to Sutton Town (at the time the old Sutton Town was known as Ashfield United) never materialised and the club resigned from the league.
The Hosiery Mills ground was planned to be developed as the new home of Mansfield Town, but they chose to stay at Field Mill. The ground was closed and the club house was later burnt down by vandals. The site is now a large B&Q store.
Famous names to have turned out for the club include Dion Dublin and Pedro Richards.
A new Oakham United, based in Rutland, has been formed from the merger of Rutland Rangers and Oakham Imps, it will be playing Season 2011/12 in the Peterborough Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="20361044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361044" title="Winthrop Rockefeller Lake">
Winthrop Rockefeller Lake

Winthrop Rockefeller Lake is an impounded section of the Arkansas River, named for Governor Winthrop A. Rockefeller (1912–1973). It extends almost along the river, from the Arthur V. Ormond Lock and Dam () below Mile 177 near Morrilton, to the Dardanelle Lock and Dam () above Mile 205 near Dardanelle. Lake Dardanelle (el. ) begins immediately above Rockefeller Lake. 
The Arkansas River lakes have been popular with fishermen because of their large supply of catfish, white bass, bream, crappie, and other species of bass. Fishing is not the only reason for visitors, however; Petit Jean Mountain is close to the area and provides scenic views for visitors along the lake. The Ozark and Ouachita Mountains also offer great scenery and have mountain springs and recreation parks in abundance. The mountains of the Ozarks and Ouachitas are abundant in wildlife. The bald eagle often uses this area for wintering. Eagles can be seen here from late fall through early spring.

</doc>
<doc id="20361051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361051" title="Duong Truong Thien Ly">
Duong Truong Thien Ly

Dương Trương Thiên Lý (born June 10, 1989) is a beauty pageant contestant who placed 2nd runner-up in Miss Universe Vietnam 2008, represented Vietnam in the Miss World 2008 pageant in South Africa.
Biography.
Although placing 2nd runner-up in Miss Universe Vietnam 2008, Thiên Lý won Miss Photogenic in Miss Universe Vietnam 2008.
Thiên Lý was chosen to represent Vietnam in Miss World 2008 after the winner of Miss Vietnam 2008, Trần Thị Thùy Dung, was not allowed to represent Vietnam in international competitions because she had not graduated from high school, and the winner of Miss Universe Vietnam opted to continue her studies instead of competing.
Thiên Lý was informed that she had qualified for Miss World 2008 in late November, and therefore had little time to prepare. She was unable to reach the semifinals. However, she won the title of People's Choice in the Miss World 2008 pageant. She later became the national director for Miss Vietnam Universe 2009 Võ Hoàng Yến, helping her prepare for Miss Universe. 
In 2009, she was also chosen as the Promotional Ambassador for the last Asian Indoor Games held in Vietnam.
Also in 2009, she was selected to participate in a movie called "Trần Thủ Độ". However, she later resigned because she did not want to hurt her image due to some inappropriate scenes she would have to play in the movie.
She studied at Saint Mary University, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="20361071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361071" title="Queenie O'Rourke">
Queenie O'Rourke

James Stephen "Queenie" O'Rourke (December 26, 1883 – December 22, 1955) was a Major League Baseball player. He played in the 1908 baseball season with the New York Highlanders. O'Rourke batted and threw right-handed.
Queenie attended Yale University in 1901 and the College of the Holy Cross in 1904 and 1905.
O'Rourke was the son of Baseball Hall of Fame player Jim O'Rouke and the nephew of fellow Major Leaguer John O'Rourke.

</doc>
<doc id="20361093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361093" title="Lines of Communication (London)">
Lines of Communication (London)

The Lines of Communication were English Civil War fortifications commissioned by Parliament (see the , 7 March 1643) and built around London between 1642 and 1643 to protect the capital from attack by the Royalist armies of Charles I.
In 1642 some basic fortifications were built, in the form of street barricades and small earthworks.
In 1643 a major construction effort was made, to provide a comprehensive ring of fortifications around the city. Much of the work was done by volunteer labour, organized by the trained bands and the livery companies. Up to 20,000 people are thought to be involved, and the works were completed in under two months.
The fortifications failed their only test when the New Model Army entered London in 1647, and they were levelled by Parliament the same year.
The Works.
These works principally consisted of a strong earthen rampart reinforced with a series of 23 fortifications of various types surrounding the whole City, and its liberties (including Southwark), at a distance of one and a half to two miles from the city centre. From George Vertue's print it may be seen that the line begun below the Tower of London, at the Thames, and went northward towards the windmill in Whitechapel Road; then inclining to the north-west, it crossed the Hackney and Kingsland Roads, near Shoreditch, and turning to the south-west, crossed the end of St. John Street, Grey's Inn Lane, Bloomsbury, and Oxford Road (now New Oxford Street), near St. Giles Pound (junction with St Giles High Street). Then proceeding westward to Hyde Park Corner, and Constitution Hill, it inclined towards Chelsea Turnpike, Tothill Fields, and the Thames. Again commencing near Vauxhall, it ran north-eastward to St. George's Fields, then making an angle to the east, crossed the Borough Road at the end of Blackman Street (southern section of Borough High Street, proceeded to the end of Kent Street (now Tabard Street) on the Deptford Road (now Old Kent Road, then inclining to the north-east, joined the Thames nearly opposite to the point where it began.
The major fortifications were anti-clockwise from the north-east bank of the Thames:
East
North
North
West
South of the Thames

</doc>
<doc id="20361096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361096" title="Trinity Church (Elkridge, Maryland)">
Trinity Church (Elkridge, Maryland)

Trinity Church is a historic Episcopal church located at Elkridge, Howard County, Maryland. It was built in 1856-57 as a chapel-of-ease in Queen Caroline Parish, the mother church of which was, and still is, Christ Church Guilford, near Columbia, Maryland. The structure is a rectangular frame church of three bays with shingled walls and on the east end, a semi-octagonal apse of stone. Major additions to the original structure took place ca. 1890. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20361107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361107" title="Peter Stackpole">
Peter Stackpole

Peter Stackpole was an American photographer. Along with Alfred Eisenstaedt, Margaret Bourke-White, and Thomas McAvoy, he was one of Life Magazine's first staff photographers. He won a George Polk Award in 1954 and taught photography at the Academy of Art University. He also wrote a column in U.S. Camera for fifteen years. He was the son of sculptor Ralph Stackpole.

</doc>
<doc id="20361114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361114" title="JCB Fastrac">
JCB Fastrac

The Fastrac is a high speed agricultural tractor series manufactured by JCB Landpower, part of the J. C. Bamford group of companies.
Production began in 1991, with continual development to the present day. Generally the maximum speed of most models is but other speeds both slower (40 km/h) and faster (80 km/h) are produced.
Engine.
All models have six cylinder diesel engines. Initially supplied by Perkins Engines, the current suppliers are Cummins and AGCO SISU Power.
Gearbox.
Three different gearboxes have been fitted to the Fastrac in production.
Four wheel drive.
All models are selectable four-wheel drive. The rear axle is driven as standard and drive to the front axle selected by the driver, through a hydraulically controlled clutch. This clutch is sprung on to give four wheel drive and hydraulically disengaged to give two wheel drive.
Axles.
Most Fastrac axles have central a differential and epicyclic gearing reduction units built into the hub ends, where the wheel bolts.
The 7000 Series rear axle has a central differential and has in-board epicyclic gearing reduction units.
Axle locking differentials.
A standard locking differential is provided in the rear axle of all machines.
100, 1000 and 2000 Series machines have a Detroit No-Spin style differential lock in front axle.
3000, 7000 and 8000 Series machines have a driver controlled clutch pack engaged locking differential.
PTO.
A two speed power take-off (PTO) is standard at the rear and a factory option at the front. Depending on the model either speeds of 1000/540 or 1000/750 are available.
Suspension.
Multi link suspension (suspension) is fitted between the chassis and both the front and rear beam axles.
The front suspension uses four links, a panhard rod and anti-roll bar.
The rear suspension uses two lower link and a V-link on top plus an anti-roll bar.
Hydropneumatic suspension is used on the rear of all models and also on the front of the 7000 series Fastrac. This is very similar to used on some Citroen cars.
Front axle steering.
These Fastrac machines have hydrostatic steering similar to most agricultural tractors with only a hydraulic link between the steering wheels and the front wheels.
This limits the maximum speed of these models to , except now in Germany where is allowed.
These machines have mechanical power steering similar to a large truck. This system gives a mechanical link between the steering wheel and the front wheels.
Generally these machines have had a maximum speed of except some 100 and 3000 series machines having a maximum speed of .
An automatic GPS controlled steering system using a (Differential Global Positioning System) is available for the 7000 and 8000 series machines.
Rear axle steering.
Rear wheel steering (four wheel steering) is available as an option on 2000 series machines.
The electronic system has 5 modes of operation, and only allows four wheel steering below .
Brakes.
All models are fitted with large diameter external disc brakes at both front and rear individually on each wheel. An anti-lock braking (ABS) system is fitted on some models, depending on the maximum vehicle speed and legal requirements.
Auxiliary hydraulics.
An auxiliary hydraulic system (hydraulic drive system) is standard on all machine it is used to control the front and rear linkages and through quick connectors at the front and rear of the tractor to control and power implements.
Three-point hitch.
A three-point hitch is standard at the rear of the machine and on option on front.
Rear trailer hitch.
There are several types available depending on the country the machine is built for.
Cab.
Traditionally the cab has been centrally mounted. More recently designed models, the 7000 series and latter 8250, have the cab mounted at the rear of the tractor. All cabs have a full size passenger seat and is lower than the driver's seat which is on air.
Models produced.
This is not intended to be a complete list but includes the main models produced.
Feature in media.
A JCB Fastrac was chosen by BBC's "Top Gear" host Jeremy Clarkson. It was driven on the show round the Top Gear Test Track by The Stig, in a time of 2:57.4, making it the fastest of the three featured tractors, but also currently the fifth slowest ever lap time.
A JCB Fastrac appeared in news coverage of the JCB Dieselmax land speed record car, pushing it to its 30 mph starting speed.

</doc>
<doc id="20361121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361121" title="Margaret of Bourbon (1211–1256)">
Margaret of Bourbon (1211–1256)

Margaret of Bourbon (1211 – 12 April 1256) was a Countess of Champagne and Queen of Navarre. She was the daughter of Archambaud VIII of Bourbon and his first wife Guigone of Forez.
In 1232 she married King Theobald I of Navarre. Their children were:
Theobald died in 1253, and Margaret acted as regent for her eldest son, Theobald with James I of Aragon until he came of age in 1256.
The kings of Castile had long the flimsy claim to be paramount lords of the Kingdom of Navarre in the Pyrenees, and from 1250 Ferdinand III of Castile and his heir, Alfonso X of Castile, hoped that Eleanor of Castile would marry Theobald II of Navarre. To avoid Castilian control, Margaret in 1252 allied with James I of Aragon instead, and as part of that treaty solemnly promised that Theobald would never marry Eleanor.
Margaret eventually had Theobald married to Isabella, daughter of Louis IX of France.
Margaret died in Brie, 12 April 1256. She is buried in Clairval.

</doc>
<doc id="20361137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361137" title="Archaeology of Igbo-Ukwu">
Archaeology of Igbo-Ukwu

The Archaeology of Igbo-Ukwu has been revealed in bronzes dating from the 9th century, which were discovered during excavations by Thurstan Shaw and his team in 1959 and 1964 in Igbo-Ukwu, an Igbo town in present-day Nigeria. A total of three sites have been excavated, revealing bronze artifacts along with pottery and thousands of glass beads, materials demonstrating trade with such distant cultures as the Egyptians. 
These bronze artifacts had been made by Igbo Ukwu's ancient residents from local copper and other materials. They have been confirmed as the first people in West Africa to work copper and its alloys, centuries before other cultures. The objects are culturally connected with those of the Igbo, and related to those of the Nri-Igbo.
History.
While digging a well in his compound in Igbo Ukwu in 1939, a villager named Isiah Anozie struck some bronze objects. He dug them out, piled them against the wall of his hut and, not realizing their importance, invited friends and neighbors to take any pieces they wanted. Months later, J.O. Field, the colonial British district officer of the area, learned of the bronzes. He purchased most of them to keep them together and reported the find in an anthropology journal publication. 
In the dry season of 1959-60, the site was excavated at the request of the Nigerian Federal Department of Antiquities. The excavation was led by Thurstan Shaw, the first trained archeologist to work in British West Africa. He was assisted by Mallam Liman Ciroma. Information gleaned by the team on site prompted them to start excavation in two promising areas, the first being the compound of Isiah Anozie (called Igbo-Isiah), the second being in the compound of Richard Anozie (Igbo-Richard) about 30 meters to the south-west of the first site. 
In 1964, Shaw and his team again excavated in Igbo-Ukwu, this time for the Institute of African Studies, University of Ibadan, where he had an appointment as Research Professor. The team dug in an area east of the previous finds, in the compound of Jonah Anozie. They named the site Igbo-Jonah. In 1970 he published a two-volume monograph on his findings, and later books that added to his scholarship. 
He established that the site was for the burial of the Nri elite, who were surrounded by grave goods of high quality. The bronze pieces were made by the sophisticated lost-wax technique. Shaw demonstrated by these finds that indigenous tribes had become highly sophisticated craftsmen "long before they had come into contact with Arabs or Europeans," as had been a common conception of cultural influence at the time. 
The art historian Alice Apley wrote about the works in a book published in 2000:
"The inhabitants of Igbo-Ukwu had a metalworking art that flourished as early as the ninth century. Three sites have been excavated, revealing hundreds of ritual vessels and regalia castings of bronze or leaded bronze that are among the most inventive and technically accomplished bronzes ever made. The people of Igbo-Ukwu, ancestors of present-day Igbo, were the earliest smithers of copper and its alloys in West Africa, working the metal through hammering, bending, twisting, and incising. They are likely among the earliest groups of West Africans to employ the lost-wax casting techniques in the production of bronze sculptures. Oddly, evidence suggests that their metalworking repertory was limited and Igbo smiths were not familiar with techniques such as raising, soldering, riveting, and wire making, though these techniques were used elsewhere on the continent."
These bronze works were found with tens of thousands of beads, attained through trade for slaves, ivory, or spices. Igbo-Ukwu bronzeworking was an isolated phenomenon at the time, but bronze casting developed several centuries later in other parts of Nigeria.
Interpretation of excavation data.
After several interim reports, Professor Shaw published his conclusive report on the archaeological excavations in 1970. Professor Shaw's monograph was noted as being one of the most comprehensive in African archaeology at the time. Its "lavish production" largely prevented anyone but libraries and reviewers from possessing it, but in 1977 a paperback version was published, making the work more widely accessible. In this monograph, Shaw supported his initial thesis that the three sites comprise principally a repository for the keeping of sacred vessels and regalia (Igbo Isiah), the burial-place of an important dignitary (Igbo Richard), and a pit used for the deliberate disposal of a collection of ritual and ceremonial objects following the razing of a shrine house (Igbo Jonah). 
Dating.
The Radiocarbon dating technique was used to determine the age of the Igbo-Ukwu site and artifacts. Of six samples sent to the laboratory for testing, the one from Igbo Isiah was destroyed when the apparatus went wrong, and consequently there are no dates from this site. Of the remaining five samples, only one (sample I-2008), from the burial chamber (Igbo Richard), came from an artifact (wood from a stool) and therefore qualified for A1 status. The remaining four samples from the Igbo Jonah site were all composite charcoal samples, presumed to date the source deposits of artifacts, and thus qualified for A2 status. 
For sample I-2008 (Igbo Richard), a calendar range of 880-1160 AD was determined. Of the other four samples from Igbo Jonah, sample HV1514 was dated at 760-1060 AD, sample HV1515 was dated 730-1000 AD, sample I 1784 was dated 690-1020 AD, and sample HV1516 was dated 1350-1430 AD. The much later date determined for sample HV1516, as compared to all other samples, is explained by Shaw as most probably being as a result of contamination of the sample, going into detail to show in what ways this contamination may have come about. 
The academic community was initially skeptical of Shaw's published dates for Igbo-Ukwu, but these have now found general acceptance. The implications of the dating were criticised by Babatunde Laval and some other authors. and acceptance was slow because the data did not fit into conventional knowledge of the early 1970s. 
As P.S. Garlake explains: 
Beads.
More than 165,000 beads were excavated in Igbo-Ukwu, the majority being monochrome glass beads with yellow, grayish blue, dark blue, dark green, peacock blue, and reddish brown colors predominating. Longitudinally striped beads of various colors and multicolored eye beads were also found. Beads made of stone were also recovered, including 15,000 short carnelian cylinders and barrels and lesser quantities of long barrels and faceted examples, as well as polished and dull quartz short-barrel, standard cylinder, and bi-cone beads. 
The beads have established an international commercial element existing between Igbo-Ukwu and the north, as far as Egypt, with excavations in Gao, Mali and Fustat revealing similar beads. Beads have been discovered at those sites that have marked similarities to the Igbo-Ukwu beads, and are roughly dated to the same period. As a result of these finds, it has been established that most of the glass beads recovered in Igbo-Ukwu were manufactured in Old Cairo, notably in the workshops of Fustat. The glass beads, and some of the stone ones, are the only categories of material obtained by external long-distance trade which have been recovered in Igbo-Ukwu. This may be because other possibly traded goods (such as textiles) were more perishable in nature. Recovery of such beads from Gao suggests that this trade moved along the River Niger.
Reaction.
The high level of technical proficiency of artifacts found in Igbo-Ukwu raised questions about their origins, as it was new information about the culture. At the time, some historians theorized foreign influence or "phantom voyagers." But, from all indications, the metals were mined from nearby areas. At the time of excavation, the general opinion prevalent among scholars was that the copper needed to produce the bronze for the Igbo-Ukwu works was not found in Nigeria. This was one of the reasons why some scholars speculated a foreign source of materials, as well as a foreign background for the technology and cultural origin of the bronzes. 
Research since the late 1970s has shown that such early assumptions were unfounded. Local copper deposits, exploited by the ninth century, have been researched, dated, and identified as the source of the Igbo-Ukwu bronzes through isotope analysis. As Craddock "et al." note:
The use of scarification and other anthropological evidence show local origin and cultural continuity of the ancient residents with modern-day Igbo culture.
Creation.
The skills of these ancient casters were based on the lost wax technique. Many of the castings were made in stages, adding to complexity. For instance, a bronze bowl had decorative items as part of its wall. Researchers have learned that the small decorative items, including insects and spirals, were cast first and placed in the wax model before the main parts of the bowl were made. The vessel was cast in two parts and fitted together by casting a middle band. A variety of ritual vessels have designs that seem to copy the form of organic gourd vessels, to which metal handles were fixed. Other bronze items included pendants, crowns and breastplates, staff ornaments, swords, and fly-whisk handles. These works were found with tens of thousands of glass beads, which were attained through trade.
The bronzes demonstrated a high artistic tradition and the artworks lacked known prototypes at the time. The highly skilled crafts and evidence of long-distance trading were evidence of specialized groups and wide-ranging economic relationships. The coloured glass beads were apparently made in Egypt. Researchers believed that the bronzes were part of the "furniture" in an elite burial chamber. The occupant may have held a position as a forerunner of a high personage, possibly a forerunner of the "eze nri," a priest-king. Such figures held religious but not political power over large parts of the Igbo-inhabited region well into the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20361169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361169" title="Chloe-Beth Morgan">
Chloe-Beth Morgan

Chloe-Beth Morgan (born 1986) is a beauty queen from Cwmbran, Wales, who won the 2008 Miss Wales contest and competed in the international Miss World competition held in South Africa, later that year. 
Morgan scored the highest among the British delegates in Miss World 2008 and was chosen to represent the United Kingdom in Miss International 2009, where she placed third. She has a national diploma with a distinction in musical theatre, and qualified as a fitness instructor. Morgan represented Great Britain at the Miss Universe 2011 pageant in Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="20361189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361189" title="Ricardo Romero">
Ricardo Romero

Ricardo Romero may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20361243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361243" title="Nikolai Chuzhikov">
Nikolai Chuzhikov

Nikolai Chuzhikov (sometimes listed as Nikoly Zhushikov or Nikolay Zhuzhikov, born May 5, 1938) is a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the 1960s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a gold in the K-4 1000 m at Tokyo in 1964.
Chuzhikov also won two medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-4 10000 m: 1966) and a bronze (K-2 1000 m: 1963).

</doc>
<doc id="20361255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361255" title="Edward Hack">
Edward Hack

Edward John Hack, born at Long Ashton, Somerset, England on 1 October 1913 and died at Bath on 20 September 1987, was a cricketer who played one first-class match for Somerset in 1937.
Hack batted at No 8 in the first Somerset innings of the match against Lancashire at Old Trafford, and did not bat in the second innings of a drawn game. Cricket websites agree that he batted right-handed, but do not indicate a bowling style: however, the record of a Somerset Second Eleven match from 1939 in which Hack took wickets suggests that he may have been an all-rounder. In his one first-class match, he did not bowl.
External links.
Edward Hack at www.cricketarchive.com

</doc>
<doc id="20361286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361286" title="Anatoli Grishin">
Anatoli Grishin

Anatoli Grishin (born July 8, 1939) is a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1960s. He won a gold in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.
Grishin also won two medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-4 10000 m: 1963) and a bronze (K-2 1000 m: 1963).

</doc>
<doc id="20361294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361294" title="Daniels Mill (Daniels, Maryland)">
Daniels Mill (Daniels, Maryland)

Daniels Mill is a historic mill complex located at Daniels, Howard County, Maryland, in a sheltered, wooded valley of the upper Patapsco River. The complex consists of seven early industrial structures, several concrete block and brick structures of 20th century date, and Gary Memorial United Methodist Church, a granite church built in the High Victorian Gothic style with an off-center tower entrance on the west gable. South of the church is a small cemetery. 
In the 19th century an industrial village existed on the site, including stores, a railroad station, a school and several mill workers' houses. The large majority of these supportive structures were demolished in the 1960s. The Elysville Manufacturing Company was incorporated in 1829, by Thomas Ely to manufacture cotton textiles. The mill was erected between August 1845 and the spring of 1846. It was acquired by the Alberton Manufacturing Company in 1853, and the mill village was called Alberton at least through the 1870s. The mill was then acquired by James S. Gary in the 1860s, who created still another firm which operated the mill until the 1940s when the C.R. Daniels Company took control.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20361298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361298" title="The Public Authority for Applied Education and Training">
The Public Authority for Applied Education and Training

The Public Authority for Applied Education and Training () 
The Place for it in Kuwait, and its Educational Authority for the Artistic & Engineering & Literal Works.
Historical Overview.
It was established on December 28, 1982, by law number (63) with the objective of developing and upgrading manpower to meet the challenge of shortfall in technical manpower created by industrial and economic development of the country.
The foundation of applied education and training was laid along with the initiation of oil exploration, production and export in Kuwait. In the 1950s, the State began to establish training centres and organised programmes to prepare the manpower needed for the oil industry. After building the fundamental structure of the educational system, the Ministry of Education established a number of specialised institutions to meet the increasing demand for skilled manpower. The other ministries established their own training centres and institutes as well. The State found it essential to establish a central body to supervise and coordinate the activities of these numerous institutes.
The Technical and Vocational Education Department was established in 1972 to supervise technical and vocational education. The Central Training Department was established to supervise training centres and institute set up by to State Ministries.
The Technical and Vocational Education Department continued to function until 1982 when the Public Authority for Applied Education and Training (PAAET) was established as an autonomous body to supervise technical and vocational training and envision and implement an overall plan for the sector.
Objectives.
The goal of PAAET is to develop the national technical manpower and to meet human resource needs of the country through its two sectors: Education and Training.
Special Training Courses.
The Authority’s Training Coordination Department offers programs predicated on the requested needs of the various Kuwaiti ministries, state institutions and the private sector. These differ from the regular programs offered by the colleges and institutes of the Authority in that they are implemented in response to special requests only, and in almost all cases the students are already in the employed or guaranteed employment after graduation, by the government or private sector. 
The objectives of this department are to prepare a well skilled cadre to meet the various and particular needs for manpower as requested by the public and/or the private sector.
The very nature of this department is such that the programs offered will depend almost entirely upon the requested needs of the government and private sectors. Listed below are some of the most often requested programs:-
The programs offered by this department are of varying duration, a matter of weeks or months, while others are of the usual two year institutional span. If they are of two year duration or longer the successful graduate will be granted the normal PAAET diploma, if less than the minimum required for a diploma, they will be granted a certificate of attendance and/or a certificate of participation.
As the participants in these programs are already guaranteed employed by the Kuwaiti government or the private sector, the question of employment does not arise. However successful completion of one of these programs almost inevitably leads to promotion.

</doc>
<doc id="20361313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361313" title="Vyacheslav Ionov">
Vyacheslav Ionov

Vyacheslav Ionov (June 26, 1940 – June 25, 2012) was a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1960s. He won a gold in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. He was born in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="20361344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361344" title="ROF Risley">
ROF Risley

ROF Risley, (Filling Factory No.6) was a large World War II Royal Ordnance Factory filling munitions, including the Grand Slam bomb, in the UK.
World War II.
With the advent of the Second World War, 927 acres (3.8 km²) of largely heath and mossland which was part of Risley village, between Leigh (then Lancashire, now Greater Manchester) and Warrington (then Lancashire, now Cheshire), was compulsorily purchased and within it was built a large Royal Ordnance Factory. The location was chosen because the low lying mist and cloud helped camouflage the factory from the air; according to a local builder: "It was very lonely and misty at night, and that's why the factory was constructed there ... it was usually covered with a mist or cloud. It was hard to see it in the day time, you know". A part of the site was drained and construction began in August 1939. It took 18 months to complete, but bombs were produced from September 1940.
Risley Royal Ordnance Factory (ROF) was a filling factory. It received the explosives in bulk, usually by rail, from other ROFs where they were manufactured. Risley specialised in filling them into the various casings to produce the finished munitions. There were 16 filling factories around the country and Risley was known as Filling Factory No. 6. Others in the north west included Chorley (No. 1) and Kirkby (No. 7). One of the features common to all of the filling factories was an area of storage bunkers where the finished munitions were stored awaiting dispatch. The areas within the filling factories were all numbered in the same way. Storage bunkers were designated Area 9. Risley had 20 such bunkers and Area 9 is roughly in the area of the main field in Birchwood Forest Park today. When the new town area of Birchwood was created, most of the bunkers were demolished, but 4 of them were left in place and can still be seen today.
A number of bunkers were also built to house the munitions, to protect them from potential bombing, and also to segregate the site and reduce the consequences of any accidental explosions during manufacture or storage. Although these bunkers are on the surface, they are covered with soil and turf and so give the impression of being underground.
It had a dedicated rail link to the Manchester-Wigan branch line, which was used both for bringing in workers and moving materials. Also there was a 'halt' on the Liverpool-Manchester line. In the post war years wooden coaches lay derelict there.
The actual layout of the site was far from flat, the site having several pillboxes mounted high up on earthbanks surrounding the mounds covering the bunkers. Some of the rail sidings also had huge earthworks around them.
Post-war UKAEA era.
However after World War II the factory was soon overshadowed when in January 1946 the Directorate for Atomic Energy Production, under the aegis of the Ministry of Supply, was set up to produce fissile material and chose Risley to build its headquarters, under the control of Sir Christopher Hinton, Baron Hinton of Bankside. This project, to produce a nuclear weapon or A-bomb was by far the UK’s biggest industrial and scientific undertaking in peace time, requiring most of the countries’ top scientists and a huge budget and scale that couldn't even be contemplated these days.
The early atomic site used many of the old Royal Ordnance Factory buildings and also the dedicated raillink to the Manchester/Wigan branch line bringing in workers from Manchester.
In 1954 the Risley headquarters site was greatly expanded again with the formal establishment of the UKAEA (United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority) heralding the beginning of the civil nuclear power program which ran alongside the military one. By this time the organisation had more than 20,000 workers. Design and construction of all other UKAEA plants was overseen here, technical policy and long term planning, finance and administration as well as world leading scientific research in physics, chemistry and engineering. The biggest increase was between 1955 and 1958 when the need for producing much more plutonium and highly enriched uranium and development of new materials such as tritium required for the H-bomb, which the Government announced it would develop in February 1955. By 1961 more than 40,000 were employed, the biggest percentage at the Risley HQ. 
So sensitive was the work carried out at Risley, particularly during the fifties and sixties that the former site of the ROF was regularly patrolled by UKAEA Police Force vans. The slightest movement being spotted and investigated immediately. 
Driving past on the A574 in the nineteen sixties all that could be seen were the derelict bus shelters, but driving down Silver Lane two quite large buildings, 40–50 feet high made from brick and corrugated galvanised iron with concrete floors but no windows, about the size of a small to medium sized aircraft hangar, storing mostly rusty old lorries and vans and nearby small underground bomb shelters were clearly visible as was the railway line crossing. There were no other buildings on this part of the site apart from a small rectangular reservoir, a similar size to the one that forms the walled garden. This part of the ROF site was mostly just mossland and heath. The area was a habitat for large hares which could be seen regularly.
Birchwood Forest Park.
The disused area of the site was put on the market in 1963. No buyer was found for it until 1968, when the Warrington and Runcorn Development Corporation under government plans bought the site in preparation for building the new town of Birchwood now part of Cheshire in the mid seventies. Birchwood Forest Park is in the centre, in which some of the old bunkers from the factory form part of the landscape.

</doc>
<doc id="20361383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361383" title="Günther Perleberg">
Günther Perleberg

Günther Perleberg (born March 17, 1935) is a German sprint canoer who competed in the early 1960s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two medals with a gold in the K-1 4 × 500 m (1960) and a silver in the K-4 1000 m (1964).
Pereleberg won two medals for East Germany at the 1963 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Jajce with a gold in the K-4 1000 m and a bronze in the K-1 4 × 500 m events. He later defected to West Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20361403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361403" title="Uncial 0247">
Uncial 0247

Uncial 0247 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 5th or 6th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the 1 Peter 5:13-14 - 2 Peter 1:5-8,14-16; 2:1, on 2 parchment leaves (29 cm by 23 cm). Written in two columns per page, 36 lines per page, in uncial letters.
It is a palimpsest, the upper text was written in Coptic, it contains a prayer.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th or 6th century.
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the John Rylands Library (P. Copt. 20) in Manchester. 
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II. 

</doc>
<doc id="20361415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361415" title="15th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry">
15th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry

The 15th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry was an American Civil War infantry regiment from New Jersey that served from September 1862 through 1865 in the Union Army.
The Fifteenth Regiment was organized at Flemington, New Jersey in July and August 1862. Three companies were recruited in Sussex County, two in Warren, two in Hunterdon, two in Morris and one in Somerset, and all were composed of men of superior physical strength and capacities of endurance. The regiment was mustered into the United States services on the 25th of August and on the 27th left for Washington, numbering nine hundred and twenty-five officers and men, Colonel Samuel Fowler commanding. Reaching the Capital it encamped at Tennallytown, where it remained for about a month, engaged in drill and acquiring discipline for future service. While here, the men were also employed upon the defenses of Washington, slashing timber, making military roads, and throwing up earthworks - Fort Kearny being constructed entirely by their labor.
Original regimental commanders.
The following officers led the regiment at the outset. Staff officers, including the Colonel, were generally listed under Company S. Unassigned replacements were listed under Company U.
First enlistment.
By the time the 15th was formed all regiments were created for 3 years service. Most would reenlist to become "Veteran" regiments when and if their time came.
Statistics.
This regiment suffered higher casualties than any other infantry regiment from New Jersey.
Personal Stories.
Personal stories of individual officers or enlisted men should be added to this section in alphabetical order.
Kelsey, William (PVT).
William Kelsey was born in Newton, Sussex County, NJ in December 1844, and was orphaned at a young age. He was working as a farm hand in Lafayette Township when he enlisted as a drummer boy in Company D in July 1862. On July 16, 1863, at Wolf Run, Virginia, he was shot in the neck, and the wound was assumed to be fatal. His fellow soldiers dug his grave, but he survived, and was sent to Washington to recover. He was mustered out on May 30, 1865.
He later moved to Brooklyn, NY, where he worked as a chemist (pharmacist), then to Sag Harbor, NY. He and his family eventually settled in Amagansett, NY, joining two fellow soldiers who were Amagansett natives: (Sgt) Lodowick H. King (Co. I) and Marcus Barnes Duvall (Co. E). King and Duvall had joined the 15th New Jersey along with Chaplain Alanson A. Haines, a New Jersey native who was a pastor in Amagansett at the start of the war. Kelsey died in Amagansett on December 6, 1916, and is buried in East End Cemetery.
Losey, Peter (PVT).
Peter Losey was an unmarried farmer in Stillwater Township, Sussex County, New Jersey when he enlisted at Newton. He served in Company I from first muster on August 11, 1862 until his capture on May 4, 1864 during the Battle of the Wilderness. By July 16 he was at Andersonville where he remained until he was released to the Union with others who were too ill matter. That is, he was too far gone to recover. He was exchanged on November 30 at Savannah, Georgia, and taken to Annapolis where he died of chronic diarrhea on December 20, 1864. Private Peter Losey (no. 287) was buried at U. S. Cemetery Annapolis in 259 Ash Grove.

</doc>
<doc id="20361418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361418" title="Aroideae">
Aroideae

Aroideae is a subfamily of flowering plants in the Araceae family. It is the largest subfamily in Araceae and consists of about 72 different genera. Plants in Aroideae are characteristic of having spiny pollen without a sporopollenin outer exine layer and an aperature.

</doc>
<doc id="20361436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361436" title="Bernhard Schulze">
Bernhard Schulze

Bernhard "Berni" Schulze (born 20 May 1938) is a German sprint canoer who competed in the early 1960s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Tokyo in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20361461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361461" title="The Late Late Tribute Shows">
The Late Late Tribute Shows

The Late Late Tribute Shows are a series of special editions of the world's longest-running chat show, "The Late Late Show" broadcast on RTÉ One in Ireland each Friday evening. Over decades the shows has featured a broad range of well-known public figures including Micheál Mac Liammóir, Joe Dolan, Maureen Potter, Michael O'Hehir, Brian Lenihan, Jimmy Magee, Christy Moore, Mike Murphy and Paul McGrath. In 1999, there was a special programme marking six months since the Omagh bombing and there was also a special show in the wake of 9/11. There were also tribute shows celebrating Irish music and a "Late Late Show" special devoted to Irish comedians. Individual bands and musicians to have been given a tribute show include The Clancy Brothers and Tommy Makem, The Chieftains, The Dubliners, U2, Westlife and, most recently, Ronnie Drew himself.
"The Tribute Shows", along with the "Toy Show", tends to be one of the few editions of "The Late Late Show" to require advance preparation before the week of broadcast.
Tribute list.
Below is a list of "The Late Late Tribute Shows".
1. The 25th anniversary of The Dubliners in 1987 featured tributes from amongst others Taoiseach Garret FitzGerald. There was also a number from The Dubliners with The Pogues, a performance of "The Irish Rover" and a separate tribute performance from U2.

</doc>
<doc id="20361464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361464" title="Friedhelm Wentzke">
Friedhelm Wentzke

Friedhelm Wentzke (born September 13, 1935 in Castrop-Rauxel, Province of Westphalia) is a German sprint canoer who competed in the early to mid-1960s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two medals with a gold in the K-1 4 × 500 m (1960) and a silver in the K-4 1000 m (1964).

</doc>
<doc id="20361547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361547" title="Simion Cuciuc">
Simion Cuciuc

Simion Cuciuc (born July 4, 1941) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1960s. He won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="20361574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361574" title="Leslie Lang">
Leslie Lang

The Rt Rev Leslie Hamilton Lang was the fourth Bishop of Woolwich. 
Born on 27 May 1889 and educated at Repton and Trinity College, Cambridge, he was ordained in 1915. His first post was at St Mary’s, Portsea after which he was a temporary Chaplain to the Forces, during which conflict he lost the use of his right hand, always afterwards sheathing it in a black glove. When peace returned he was successively : Domestic Chaplain to the Archbishop of York; Chaplain to Returned Soldiers in Edmonton, Canada; and then Vicar of All Saints, Swanscombe. After this he was Warden of the Trinity College Mission, Camberwell and after that Rural Dean of Kingston before his elevation to the Episcopate. A keen educationalist,in retirement he continued to serve the Church as an Assistant Bishop within the Diocese of Winchester until his death on 12 March 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20361587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361587" title="Imagineering">
Imagineering

Imagineering is a portmanteau combining "imagination" and "engineering". It is well known for its use within the name of Walt Disney Imagineering; however, contrary to popular belief, the term was neither coined by Disney, nor did it originate there. "Imagineering" was popularized by Alcoa around 1940, and appeared widely in numerous publications and promotional print materials throughout the decade.
Earliest usage.
A "Time" magazine ad from February 16, 1942, titled "The Place They Do Imagineering" relates the origin,
For a long time we've sought a word to describe what we all work at hard here at Alcoa... IMAGINEERING is the word... Imagineering is letting your imagination soar, and then engineering it down to earth.
Other notable pre-Disney usages include an October 24, 1942 mention in the New York Times in an article titled "Christian Imagineering," a 1944 Oxford English Dictionary entry which cites an advertisement from the Wall Street Journal, and the use by artist Arthur C Radebaugh to describe his work, which was mentioned in the article "Black Light Magic" in the Portsmouth Times, Portsmouth, Ohio, 1947.
Other uses.
"Imagineering" has also been used by:

</doc>
<doc id="20361599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361599" title="Atanase Sciotnic">
Atanase Sciotnic

Atanase Sciotnic (born March 1, 1942) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1960s to the mid-1970s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won two medals in the K-4 1000 m event with a silver in 1972 and a bronze in 1964.
Sciotnic also won nine medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with four golds (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1974, K-2 500 m: 1966, K-4 1000 m: 1966, K-4 10000 m: 1971), two silvers (K-2 500 m: 1970, K-2 1000 m: 1966), and three bronzes (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1966, 1973; K-4 10000 m: 1973).

</doc>
<doc id="20361636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361636" title="Sérgio Manoel">
Sérgio Manoel

Sérgio Manoel Júnior, commonly known simply as Sérgio Manoel (born March 2, 1972), was a professional association football attacking midfielder, who played for several Campeonato Brasileiro Série A clubs, and the Brazilian national team.
Career.
Born in Santos, São Paulo state, Sérgio Manoel started his professional career playing for Santos. He played his first professional game for Santos on November 28, 1989. During his career he played for several clubs, winning the Taça Guanabara with Fluminense in 1993, the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A in 1995 and the Torneio Rio-São Paulo in 1998, with Botafogo, and the Campeonato Catarinense in 2004 with Figueirnese. In 2008, he won the Taça Cidade de São Luís with Bacabal, then leaving the club to play with Campeonato Brasileiro Série B club Bragantino.
National team.
He played three FIFA World Youth Championship games in 1991, respectively against Côte d'Ivoire, Mexico and Sweden, without scoring a goal. Between 1995 and 1998, Sérgio Manoel played five games for the Brazilian national team, including two CONCACAF Gold Cup games in 1998, against El Salvador and United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20361643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361643" title="Stony Brook Seawolves football">
Stony Brook Seawolves football

The Stony Brook Seawolves football program is the collegiate football team that represents Stony Brook University in the National Collegiate Athletic Association. The program participates in the Division I Football Championship Subdivision and currently competes in the eleven-member Colonial Athletic Association. The program plays it home games at Kenneth P. LaValle Stadium in Stony Brook, New York.
Stony Brook first fielded a varsity team in 1983 and rose to Division II in 1994. In 1999 the Seawolves rose to Division I non-scholarship as part of the Northeast Conference until the 2006 season in which scholarships were first granted. After a year of independence Stony Brook joined the Big South Conference and fully transitioned into a sixty-three scholarship program. In the summer of 2012 the program announced its admission into the Colonial Athletic Association.
Since transitioning to Division I the Seawolves have amassed five conference championships, with four in the past five seasons. They have participated in the Division I Football Championship playoffs and advanced to the second round in back-to-back years and in 2012 had their best performing season winning a program record ten games. The program has cemented itself as major national power in the Football Championship Subdivision with nationwide recruiting, consecutive weeks in the national polls, and its admission into the highly competitive Colonial Athletic Association in 2013.
History.
Stony Brook first fielded varsity football in the 1983 season when its athletic teams were known as the Patriots. The football team transitioned into Division I in 1999 after leaving the Eastern Football Conference. In 2002, the 8,300 seat Kenneth P. LaValle Stadium opened as the new home of Seawolves football. The program joined the Northeast Conference in 1999 and participated as an associate member until 2006. It transitioned to a fully funded FCS program from 2006 until 2008 providing the maximum scholarship allowance of 63. In 2008 Stony Brook joined the Big South Conference. The Seawolves all-time record is 142-141.
1984-98: Early days - Rise to Division I.
After a period of impressive growth at the University which saw a rise in enrollment to over 16,000 students, the athletic department started taking shape with the steady development of its collegiate programs. Football was one of them, and Stony Brook initiated competition against regional universities and fellow SUNY members schools. Stony Brook fielded varsity football for the first time in the 1983 season playing their first game against SUNY-Maritime on September 18, 1983 but it was in 1984 when the team started playing a predominantly Division III schedule, and stats where first recorded by the NCAA. By 1985, Stony Brook, for the first time did not schedule club teams as part of their season. By 1988, the football program joined it first ever conference with its inclusion into the Liberty Football, an affiliation which lasted until 1991. While in Liberty Football, it competed on a yearly basis against Hofstra, Pace, Brooklyn, Fordham and other programs across the New York metropolitan area. At the end of the 1991 season, Stony Brook announced its admission into the Freedom Football conference as it continued to develop into a stronger Division III program. While part of Freedom Football, Stony Brook had winning seasons every year. In 1995, Stony Brook departed from the Freedom Football and initiated a transition to Division I in all sports. In 1997 it joined the Eastern Football conference for a period of two years having back-to-back losing seasons. By 1999 the transition was completed and Stony Brook joined the Division I Northeast Conference as a non-scholarship program.
1999-2007: NEC affiliation and Scholarship football.
Stony Brook entered Division I football in 1999 participating in the Northeast Conference until 2006. Continued growth of the program was assured with the construction of the Kenneth P. LaValle Stadium. The Seawolves had a hard time on the field struggling over the span of three seasons with sub .500 records. The 2002 season coincided with the opening season of the stadium and the Seawolves posted their best winning season under the NEC banner with an 8-2 overall record, an a 5-2 record against the NEC with a total of over 27,000 fans attending their opening season. However, the Seawolves weren't able to replicate their inaugural year's success and fell on hard times the following two seasons winning only nine of twenty games. The 2005 season was the last season under Sam Kornhauser, rewarded with the program's first NEC co-championship after a 6-4, 5-2 NEC season.
The desire to offer scholarship football climaxed in 2005 and the decision was taken among administrators to transition the Seawolves to full funding status. The 2006 year would mark the beginning of a new era in Stony Brook football. Scholarships were offered in football for the first time, part of an ambitious plan to transition the program to full scholarship funding. Chuck Priore took over the reins of the program and with the support of the department awarded the equivalent of 27 scholarships to 38 player for the initial season. This same year efforts to market Stony Brook Seawolves football to a bigger audience intensified and for the first time the Seawolves were to be fully broadcast over the airwaves on the campus radio station, 90.1 WUSB FM, and through a parallel online stream at WUSB.FM. A Sunday night talk show with Chuck Priore was initiated on the radio followed by weekly letters "From the Coaches Corner" released in the athletic website. The season also witnessed a much tougher schedule than the previous years with Hofstra, #1 New Hampshire, and #9 Massachusetts, and Georgetown all scheduled to play. As a result, the four initial games of the season were lost but the Seawolves came back to win four straight in conference play before losing their title hopes to Central Connecticut to end the season 5-6, 5-2 in the Northeast.
The Seawolves departed from the Northeast Conference despite signing a contract extension through 2010, largely due to the NEC imposed limit of 30 scholarships and the desire to increment scholarship allowance to 63, the maximum allowed by the NCAA. The program participated in 2007 as an independent taking advantage of independence to increase scholarships offerings and to schedule higher-caliber unconventional teams like #20 Richmond, #6 Youngstown State, #14 Hofstra, #24 Elon, and Maine while also scheduling previous conference rivals Central Connecticut, Albany, Monmouth, and Bryant. The Seawolves also played against Patriot League members Bucknell and Georgetown. The 2007 season ended with 6-5 record and the announcement of Stony Brook joining the Big South Conference with full sixty-three scholarship funding.
2008-10: Stony Brook Joins the Big South.
Stony Brook joined the Big South in 2008 after a year of independence. The 2008 season opened in winning fashion with a 42-26 victory against Colgate but the Seawolves struggled losing the next four out-of-conference match ups against Elon, Maine (a matchup named by ESPN listeners as The Battle for the Butter), Brown, and Hofstra. The Seawolves then dropped their first Big South match up against Liberty with a 33-0 result. The Seawolves went on to win four of their last five games to finish their inaugural season with a 5-6 record, 3-2 in the Big South.
The 2009 season showed a much improved team and stronger schedule with games against cross-island rival Hofstra, UMass and North Dakota in which they lost but went on to win five out of their six conference games and capped the season with 36-33 upset over the Liberty Flames to share the Conference title.
In the off season, cross island rival Hofstra announced the immediate folding of their football program. For Stony Brook that meant the addition of multiple transfers from Hofstra eligible to play immediately. As a result, the Seawolves came out stronger than ever in their 2010 campaign. Continuing to increase the strength-of-schedule, the Seawolves played their first ever game against a Division I FBS school (85 scholarship offerings) at South Florida, in which they managed to lead for the entire opening quarter but were kept scoreless for the remaining of the contest losing by a score of 59-14 in front of over 40,000 fans. As the last game of the season approached the Seawolves found themselves undefeated in conference play but fell 28-54 to the Liberty Flames at Lynchburg sharing the Big South title for a second year straight, this time in a three way tie with Coastal Carolina and Liberty. Due to the nature of the tie, the Seawolves lost their chance to earn the automatic bid to the FCS playoffs which went to Coastal Carolina after allowing less points-against in their conference season. Midway through the season, the program announced it was receiving its largest donation ever - a $4.3 million Strength & Conditioning facility from former Stony Brook athlete Glenn Dubin.
The 2011 season featured the addition of top recruit Fernando Diaz who transferred from the Division I FBS program at the University of Pittsburgh together with returning running-duo Miguel Maysonet and Brock Jackolski and renewed expectations. The program continued the efforts of increasing the strength of schedule adding games against Division I FBS Buffalo and UTEP and a record six games at home. In the preseason, The Seawolves were ranked among the top 15 programs at the Division I FCS level in the "Phil Steele's College Football Review" ahead of their conference rivals, Liberty, which were ranked in the 31st position.
2011-2012: National Prominence, Playoffs, and Big South Champions.
The Seawolves began their 2011 campaign with a heartbreaking overtime loss at UTEP. Travelled to Buffalo for their second consecutive defeat and opened their home stretch with a one point loss against Brown. However, the Seawolves turned things around and began what would be their longest winning streak in the history of the program. Stony Brook went on to beat Lafayette and every conference rival in the Big South scoring 40 or more points in every game and a record 76 points against Gardner-Webb. The regular season came to an end in big fashion as the Seawolves battled for a historic win for the program against their top rival Liberty in what was deemed the Big South Championship Game. Stony Brook came out on top beating Liberty 41-31 to earn the Big South automatic bid for the NCAA Division I Football Championship. The Seawolves had a record eight win straight and were the first team in the Big South with an undefeated record. They capped their season with a third consecutive conference championship and ended the season ranked in the Sports Network poll, a first for the program. The Seawolves were matched against Albany, SUNY rivals, for a NCAA first round match up at home in front of a record-setting 8,286 crowd that witnessed a comeback 31-28 victory after trailing by 18 points. The Seawolves advanced to the second round to face the top seeded Sam Houston State and led for most of the game falling in the end 27-34 to close the season 9-4 overall, 6-0 in the Big South.
The 2012 season featured the addition of transfer recruits Marcus Coker who previously played for FBS Big Ten Iowa rushing for more than 2,000 yards and 18 touchdown in two seasons, Adrian Coxson who previously played for FBS Maryland., and Leston Simpson from Big Ten Minnesota which added immediate strength to the team. The $4.3 million athletic performance was formally inaugurated in early summer ensuring the growth of the football program. Stony Brook opened the season at home against the against Northeast Conference Central Connecticut routing the Blue Devils in a 49-17 victory. Stony Brook hosted Pace at home, a Division II team, defeating the settlers in lopsided 77-7 victory to start the season 2-0. The following week the Seawolves traveled to Syracuse to battle against the FBS Syracuse Orange. Stony Brook led for most of the game but fell 17-28 in the second half. Stony Brook returned home for homecoming to face the Patriot League Colgate Raiders in front of the largest crowd in LaValle Stadium history, a reported 10,278 fans, in a comeback 32-31 late game victory. Stony Brook once again showed their dominance as they traveled to West Point, NY to face off against the Army Black Knights for an eventual 23-3 victory, a milestone for the program, the first against a team from the Football Bowl Subdivision and went on to climb the Sports Network poll in the 13th position, the highest ever. Stony Brook opened Big South play on a high note beating Charleston Southern, Coastal Carolina, Gardner-Webb, and Presbyterian, and VMI to position the program as the sixth best in the Sports Network poll, riding a seven-game winning streak, and winning at least a share of the Big South Championship for the fourth year. However, the Seawolves fell to the Liberty Flames and struggled to create offense falling 28-14. The ensuing three-way tiebreaker handed the conference's automatic bid to Coastal Carolina. The Seawolves earned their first ever at-large berth to the playoffs, a first-round home matchup against the Villanova Wildcats. Stony Brook defeated Villanova 20-10 and advanced to the second round against Montana State. The Seawolves traveled to Bozeman to face off against the Bobcats falling 16-10 to end their season.
2013: Stony Brook Football to the Colonial Athletic Association.
In mid July 2012, rumors surfaced in the media of Stony Brook being a target for CAA Football. In early August, the CAA confirmed that Stony Brook, along with in-state rival Albany, will be joining CAA Football for the 2013 season.
It was announced early in 2013 that Stony Brook will be facing FBS Boston College and Buffalo. Boston College eventually dropped the Seawolves for Villanova while Stony Brook picked Penn for a scrimmage in August 31. Stony Brook will play their first CAA game against Rhode Island and will open their home season on September 28. Stony Brook will face their SUNY rival Albany on November 23, the last week of the regular season.
Postseason and Championships.
The Seawolves won their first Division-I Conference championship in the 2005 Season while playing in the Northeast Conference with an end of the season record of 6-4, 5-2 in the Northeast. In the 2009 season the Seawolves again were conference Champions, this time, as members of the Big South Conference with a record of 6-5, 5-0 in the Big South. The Seawolves felt short of a trip to the FCS Championship as they lost their season finale against the Liberty Flames 54-28 and allowed more than 40 points, successfully eliminating them from contention but remaining Co-Champions of the Big South for the second year straight . They ended the 2010 season with a 6-5, 5-1 record. In 2011 the Seawolves claimed their first outright Big South Championship with a 41-31 victory over #16 Liberty in the "de facto" Big South Championship Game. This is their third consecutive Big South Championship, this time advancing for the firs time to the 2011 NCAA Division I Football Championship as an automatic qualifier. In 2012, the Seawolves returned to the playoffs as Co-Champions of the Big South and advanced for the second straight year to the second round.
° – "Signifies Co-Champions"
Facilities.
Kenneth P. LaValle Stadium.
Built in 2002, the LaValle Stadium is the on-campus home of the Stony Brook Seawolves football team. LaValle Stadium has a seating capacity of 8,300. It was constructed with a cost of approximately $22 million and it is the largest outdoor facility in Suffolk County. It was named after the New York state senator who was instrumental in getting the funding for the stadium. The stadium is also shared with the school soccer and lacrosse teams. In October, 2012 it was reported that the University has allocated $5.7 million for the addition of at least 2,000 seats to LaValle Stadium, which would bring the capacity up to 10,000.
Dubin Family Athletic Performance Center.
In February 2011 it was announced that a new strength and conditioning center will be erected in the north side of the Stony Brook indoor Sports Complex. It will be a facility set to be completed during the fall 2011. In Spring 2012, the facility was inaugurated. The facility will provide the Seawolves with a world-class fitness facility. The facility will be named after the Glenn Dubin who donated over $4.3 million for the construction of the project, the largest athletic donation in the SUNY system. Dubin is alumni of Stony Brook who graduated in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20361646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361646" title="Mihai Ţurcaş">
Mihai Ţurcaş

Mihai Ţurcaş (born November 18, 1942) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed from the mid to late 1960s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two medals in the K-4 1000 m event with a silver in 1968 and a bronze in 1964.
Ţurcaş also won a gold medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1966 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in East Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20361676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361676" title="Instituto Conmemorativo Gorgas de Estudios de la Salud">
Instituto Conmemorativo Gorgas de Estudios de la Salud

The Instituto Conmemorativo Gorgas de Estudios de la Salud (The Gorgas Memorial Institute for Health Studies (GMI)) is a medical research institution that has been dedicated for more than 80 years on investigating diseases in the tropics and preventive medicine.
History.
The institute was created in 1921 by Dr. Belisario Porras, to honor Dr. William Crawford Gorgas, who eradicated yellow fever in Panama. This achievement allowed the construction of the Panama Canal. Gorgas Memorial Laboratories was inaugurated in 1928 on Arosemena Avenue. Its expertise in studying the diseases of the tropics originated from the necessity to eradicate yellow fever and control malaria in the cities of Panama and Colon with the construction of the Panama Canal.
Research.
This triumph, led by Dr. William C. Gorgas in the first years of the 20th century, was achieved by one of the largest and most successful community-level public health interventions ever recorded in the history of medicine. Since then, many emerging and reemerging diseases have been studied at GMI and physicians and scientists of many nationalities working there have made significant contributions to medicine in the tropics. These collaborations and lines of investigation have continued up to the present.
GMI is known for its high quality laboratories, including those of parasitology, immunology, genomics, entomology, water and food chemistry, bacteriology, entomology and virology. Besides having an epidemiology and biostatistics department, it conducts research on health administration, chronic diseases and human reproduction. GMI has contributed to better the health of Panama and the Central American countries by acting as a reference laboratory to diagnose diseases like yellow fever, malaria, measles, arbovirus febrile illness, viral encephalitidies, influenza, dengue and hantavirus cardiopulmonary syndrome. Jorge Motta, MD, MPH, was the Director General from 2004 to 2008 and the present director is Dr. Nestor Sosa.
Most recently GMI became a World Bank-Pan-American Health Organization reference laboratory for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) for the Central American region. Its lengthy tradition of service in the region has permitted GMI to maintain and nurture close contacts and rapid communication with all the public health installations of Panama’s Ministry of Health, with the health installations of the Social Security System and with the main private hospitals of the country.
In 2006, GMI signed an MOU with the Department of Health and Human Services and was also awarded two grants, one to increase its virology diagnostic capacity and to strengthen the surveillance of influenza virus in Panama and Central America and the other to develop a Regional Training Center for community health care workers of the Central American Region.
The Regional Training Center is an educational facility dedicated to community health care workers and clinicians of Central America to prepare them to provide better primary and preventive health care to underserved rural and poor urban communities and indigenous populations. These health care providers are trained to provide the first line of response to health needs of their communities, especially in areas related of infectious diseases, pandemic illness response and the attainment of Millennium Development Health Goals.
GMI's has research agreements and research projects with academic centers like the Johns Hopkins University, George Washington University, the University of South Florida, the University of New Mexico, and the Walter Reed Institute of Research. GMI has developed strong links with the epidemiology programs and the extended immunization programs of all the countries in Central America, with the World Health Organization (WHO), specifically with the Special Programme for Research and Training in Tropical Diseases (TDR) and influenza program, with the Center for Diseases Control of the United of America (CDC-USA) and (CDC-MERTU-G), with the Pan-American Health Organization (PAHO) and with institutions like the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute (STRI).
Today GMI is an autonomous public institution that works closely with the Ministry of Health. Its vision is to improve the health of Panama and Central America. Its mission is to develop health research in Panama, to fulfill the functions of a national public health laboratory and to provide education to health care workers of the region. GMI is evolving to become Panama’s national public health institute and will continue serving the Ministry of Health by providing the best evidence available to develop public health policy.
A collection of the institute's papers are held at the National Library of Medicine in Bethesda, Maryland. 

</doc>
<doc id="20361698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361698" title="Feeding Fingers">
Feeding Fingers

Feeding Fingers is a music trio founded by award-winning multimedia artist, musician, author, animator and artist, Justin Curfman. The band was founded in 2006 in Atlanta, Georgia, but has since relocated to Germany.
Biography.
Formation (2005-06).
Feeding Fingers' history begins in Atlanta, Georgia in 2005. Justin Curfman began pre-production on his first feature length film, TICKS. Curfman found nearly twenty pieces of complimentary music in his sketchbooks, cassette-tapes and hard-drives spanning nearly ten years that he considered for his film. However, Curfman later decided he wanted to start from scratch and locked away these pieces of music indefinitely. Later, he purchased a home which had a large performance/studio space spanning the entire lower level of the house. Feeling a need to use the empty space and tempted to bring back his older songs and rework into live performance pieces, Curfman decided to form a band. He submitted advertisements in music papers, internet networking sites (like MySpace) seeking for a bass player and a drummer interested in playing in a group similar to Joy Division, Cocteau Twins and Echo and the Bunnymen. Todd Caras (bassist) was the first phone call Curfman received. And after a dozen more phone calls, Feeding Fingers found its drummer with Danny Hunt.
The band took their band name from one of their songs' titles, "Feeding Fingers" (which was inspired by a dream where Curfman witnessed girls standing in a single-file waiting to put their fingers into small holes drilled into white walls in a white room, where behind the walls, men would wait to eat the girls' fingers.)
"Wound In Wall" (2007).
The group released their first full-length album "Wound in Wall" in 2007 as a joint effort between Stickfigure Records, and Justin Curfman's media company, Tephramedia. The album was well received and drew comparisons to the earlier works of The Cure, Joy Division, Echo & the Bunnymen, Siouxsie and the Banshees and Cocteau Twins. Because of these comparisons and acceptance of post-punk and the Gothic subculture in the Eastern world, the band's most prominent audience was in Middle / Eastern European countries.
Since the release of "Wound In Wall", Feeding Fingers has consistently performed live in the USA and Europe and has appeared on several radio broadcasts (including two live shows on National Public Radio) and in entertainment and arts magazines, weeklies, and newspapers.
A music video for "Fireflies Make Us Sick," a track off the "Wound In Wall" album, was completed in 2010 (3 years after the album was released and a year after their second album was released). The music video was directed by award-winning digital artist, Steven Lapcevic. The video premiered at Ultra Music Festival in 2010.
A music video for the song, "Manufactured Missing Children" ( directed by Danish video artist, Daniel Dikov) was also released for the album.
"Baby Teeth" (2009).
Their second album, "Baby Teeth", a more collaborative effort than being solely composed by Curfman, was released in the US in January 2009, and internationally in March 2009. This album was a joint-effort between Stickfigure Records and Tephramedia with co-operation for European distribution and promotional outlets, such as NetManagement Musik Verlag and PromoFabrik, based in Germany. This album reached No. 16 on the Global Gothic Chart and found a place on the Alternative Top 100 in Portugal. "Baby Teeth" was also ranked No. 4 on the Best of 2009 at Gothic Paradise. This album, unlike "Wound In Wall", helped Feeding Fingers finally reach a US audience through college radio stations. Despite the acclaim, Justin Curfman mentions in a 2010 interview that "Baby Teeth" was "very dense and bleak and just filled with confusion," and plainly refuses to ever repeat anything like it again.
During this time Feeding Fingers began touring the USA very heavily, including dates in New York and playing with internationally established acts, such as IAMX (led by Chris Corner, formerly of Sneaker Pimps) and others.
"Detach Me From My Head" (2010).
In later half of 2009, Curfman announced the production of the band's third album nearing completion. The title track of the album, "Detach Me From My Head" and the song, "I Am A Brutal Little Boy" appeared online and as well in the band's live playlist in Europe (debuting in Bucharest, Romania). 
In March 2010, Feeding Fingers embarked on their first European tour (playing in The Netherlands, Romania, Poland and Italy, where they shared the bill with electro-punk icons, Nitzer Ebb.)
Curfman relocated to Germany shortly afterward in 2010. 
"Anything But Water", the band's first live album, was digitally released on May 19, 2010. The band's third album, titled, "Detach Me From My Head" was released exclusively through Curfman's own media label, Tephramedia, on September 28, 2010. This critically acclaimed album was co-produced by Coyote J and David I. Nunez.
In Winter 2011, Curfman resurfaced in the USA to lead Feeding Fingers on a short East Coast tour to support the release of Detach Me From My Head with a new bass player in toll; Bradley Claborn. The trio played a short burst of successful shows, including, most notably, a show in New York City, supporting David J, former bassist for Bauhaus and Love & Rockets.
Maxi Singles era (2012).
Long-time collaborator/producer David Israel Nunez posted on Feeding Fingers' blog regarding the unique distribution attempt regarding the upcoming album. Rather than release a full album, the band will issue maxi singles in a serialized fashion. These singles will include the usual order of a-side and one or two b-sides.
On January 24, 2012, the first single, "Where the Threads are the Thinnest" was released with b-sides of "My Imagined House" (ukulele and voice version) and "Manufactured Missing Children" (piano and cello version).
On March 27, 2012, the second single, "Inside the Body of an Animal" was released with b-side of "Where Mimes Come to Say Goodbye" (solo piano rendition).
"The Occupant" (2013).
From the spring of 2010 in Cologne, Germany, Curfman began production on what was to become Feeding Fingers’ fourth, full-length album release, “The Occupant”. Production on the album then moved east with Curfman into Ingolstadt (birthplace of The Illuminati and Dr. Frankenstein’s Monster) in 2011 – then, finally settling in Salzburg, Austria (that picturesque city and home of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart) from early 2012 through the winter of 2013, where the album was completed inside the halls of the University of Salzburg Mozarteum and the Salzburg Musikum with support from listeners through a successful Kickstarter campaign and from the group’s long-time management and production partners, David I. Nunez (Tephramedia) and legendary radio personality, James “Coyote J.” Battan.
“My intention with The Occupant is to expand the musical vocabulary of the group as much as I am able to at this point in my development as an artist and to attempt to stray away from at least some of the conventional trappings that our listeners have come to expect from a Feeding Fingers release, but hopefully doing so in a more natural and non-deliberate manner. No pushing. No shoving. We have all seen time and time again throughout history what happens when an artist starts to bully his or her own work into being something that it simply should not be - failure is more often than not the result. I have tried my best here not to antagonize my own creativity too much with this recording. This is partially why, I believe, that it has taken three years for this album to show itself to me.”
Throughout the production of “The Occupant”, Curfman enlisted assistance not only from his band, but from the Salzburg Boys Choir, a Serbian female violinist, a Cuban female cellist and an American electronic musician – all of which appearing on the album. Additionally, in an effort to “expand the musical vocabulary of the group”, Curfman strayed away from Feeding Fingers’ more familiar guitar, drum and bass-driven pieces (though not entirely) in favor of composing music on a theremin, kalimbas, glockenspiels, a ukulele, an array of pianos and a hand-cranked, punch-card music box. Curfman has also expanded not only the group’s vocabulary, but the group’s language itself with the inclusion of the opening track on the album, “Eine Einladung in Ihr Gesicht mit Liebe geschnitzt” – a song written by Curfman, entirely in German and performed by a soloist member of the Salzburg Boys Choir.
“The Occupant” was released digitally on Tuesday, January 29, 2013 exclusively at FeedingFingers.com along with the release of the first official music video for the album, “I Am No One That I Know”. Worldwide, digital retail release via iTunes, Amazon, etc. followed Thursday, January 31, 2013. The physical CD release street date will be announced in February, 2013.
Discography.
Studio Albums
Live Albums
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="20361705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361705" title="American Law and Economics Association">
American Law and Economics Association

The American Law and Economics Association (ALEA), a United States organization founded in 1991, is focused on the advancement of economic understanding of law, and related areas of public policy and regulation. It promotes research in law and economics. The association was co-founded by George Priest, A. Mitchell Polinsky, and Steven Shavell. The growing acceptance of legal and economic perspectives by judges, practitioners, and policy-makers is evident by the creation of parallel associations in Australia, Europe, Latin America, and Canada.
Robert Cooter is one of the ALEA's founders and served as its president from 1994 to 1995. The current president is Michelle White, from the University of California, San Diego.

</doc>
<doc id="20361709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361709" title="Instituto de Economia Agrícola">
Instituto de Economia Agrícola

IEA was generated in the bosom of Dept. of Vegetable Production (DVP), created within Secretaria de Agricultura e Abastecimento in 1942. During a period to deepen his knowledge of fiber technology area, Agronomical Engineer Dr. Rui Miller Paiva became acquainted with the agricultural economy area and decided to follow that the discipline. Returning to São Paulo, Paiva brought with him ideas and the knowledge that led to the creation of the Rural Studies Commission, DPV’s antecessor, the first Brazilian pole on economic issues related to agriculture.
IEA’s pioneering spirit continued for over 65 years. As early as the end of 1970, for example, researchers from that Institute would carry out assessments about the energetic balance of crops (today the concept is widely used in the discussions on bioenergy) and the effect of the expansion of sugar cane crop on soil use in the São Paulo (replacement of crops). In the latest years, its involvement with techno-science (nanotechnology) and its social and economical effects within agriculture are the highlight.
IEA is a pioneer in probability sampling in order to forecast harvests, price surveys and the calculation of the market basket. Currently, it calculates and disseminates agricultural prices every four weeks, or the countryside inflation. The agriculture prices are a reference for the markets, wholesales, retailers and producers, both on a state and national level.
IEA’s statistical surveys (prices, production, estimates for harvests, labor market, land market) provided a model for other agriculture economics institutions. IEA introduced the MIT methodology (Massachusetts Institute of Technology), as well as the World Bank’s, for the conception and economical assessment of agriculture development projects. The economical, prognostics, and the production costs analyses, the census of São Paulo agriculture and the cattle raising census, and the technical and scientific magazines have proved to be important information sources for decision-making on public and private policies.
The Institute takes part in the formulation of public policies concerning the financing of Fundo de Expansão do Agronegócio Paulista (FEAP) in addition to contributing to the analyses of the support financing for small-scale agri-industry. Its surveys are used as a basis for choosing the municipalities to be benefited by the subsidy projects for the State’s awarding of rural insurance.
IEA discloses data on São Paulo’s trade balance per group of commodities, and that ranking was developed by the institution itself. It’s also discloses data on São Paulo and Brazil’s agribusiness per added factor (basic and industrialized products) and by use category.
Agricultural Economics Database.
A wide variety of statistical data are available at the official website:
Prices (land, inputs, producer, wholesale, retail);
Crop estimation and forecasting (area, production, yield);
Labor market;
Land market and others.
Data are obtained by census, sampling and other survey methods.
Library.
A specialized collection of over 40 thousands titles in the field of agricultural economics and related topics, open to the public from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm Monday through Friday.
Publications.
Revista de Economia Agrícola (Review of Agricultural Economics): a semiannual scientific journal aimed at providing articles, communications, book and thesis reviews, notes and commentaries. Accepts external contributions on Portuguese, English and Spanish. Printed and open electronic versions are available.
Informações Econômicas (Economic Information): a monthly technical and scientific journal publishing articles and analyses in the field of social and economic relations in agriculture. It also publishes statistical data. Accepts external contributions. Printed and open electronic versions are available.
Informações Estatísticas da Agricultura (Agriculture Statistical Information): yearbook with statistical data on vegetal and animal production, prices, labor market and other. Printed and open electronic versions are available.
Análises e Indicadores do Agronegócio (Agribusiness Analyses and Indicators): electronic review aimed at a fast dissemination of analyses and statistics about agriculture and cattle raising, with a focus on public policies, market and foreign trade. Only open electronic version are available.
All publications, statistics and other services are open and available for free download at the Institute website.
Sources.
MAGALHÃES, G.W. (coord.) Secretaria de Agricultura e Abastecimento do Estado de São Paulo. São Paulo: Governo do Estado de São Paulo, 2008.
INSTITUTO DE ECONOMIA AGRÍCOLA. Folder Institucional. São Paulo: IEA, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20361714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361714" title="The Amityville Curse (novel)">
The Amityville Curse (novel)

The Amityville Curse is a prequel to "The Amityville Horror" written by Hans Holzer. A film adaption titled "The Amityville Curse" was released direct-to-video in 1990. 
Summary.
The plot is entirely fictional and tells that the house at 112 Ocean Ave. was once a rectory and that one of the priests died there and the house became haunted.
Reception.
The book was given mixed reviews. It confused readers with why the house was haunted. This was because Holzer's 1979 book "Murder in Amityville" tells a different story on why the house is haunted.
Film adaption.
A film adaption loosely based on the book was released direct to video in 1990 titled "The Amityville Curse". The film however deals with another haunted house in Amityville.

</doc>
<doc id="20361732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361732" title="UDP-N-acetylglucosamine enolpyruvyl transferase">
UDP-N-acetylglucosamine enolpyruvyl transferase

UDP-"N"-acetylglucosamine enolpyruvyl transferase (or MurA) is an enzyme that catalyzes the first committed step in peptidoglycan biosynthesis, namely the ligation of phosphoenolpyruvate (PEP) to the 3'-hydroxyl group of UDP-"N"-acetylglucosamine. This pyruvate moiety provides the linker that bridges the glycan and peptide portion of peptidoglycan.
The enzyme is inhibited by the antibiotic fosfomycin, which covalently modifies an active site cysteine residue.

</doc>
<doc id="20361758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361758" title="Dag Vågsås">
Dag Vågsås

Dag Vågsås (born 17 May 1954) is a Norwegian actor, instructor, choreographer, dancer and script writer. He has had a varied career in Norwegian culture, with many roles in theatre, TV and film - in comedies, Farces, musicals, and mostly, in revues. He has also worked a lot in children's entertainment, for example, the Christmas show on Putti Plutti Pott and stories on Den lille traktoren Gråtass. He has also read audio books and had vocal roles in Norwegian versions of foreign children's films.
Dag Vågsås sits on the panel of Norsk Revyforfatter-forening and has for many years been a part of ABC-teateret and Chat Noir in Oslo. He has also written many articles and essays on film and musicals.

</doc>
<doc id="20361759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361759" title="Guzzini Challenger">
Guzzini Challenger

The Guzzini Challenger is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually at the Circolo Tennis Francesco Guzzini in Recanati, Italy, since 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20361765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361765" title="Stockholm municipal election, 1994">
Stockholm municipal election, 1994

The Stockholm municipal election of 1994 was held on 18 September 1994, concurrently with the 1994 Swedish general election. Using a party-list proportional representation system to allocate the 101 seats of the Stockholm city council ("Stockholms kommunfullmäktige") amongst the various Swedish political parties. Voter turnout was 81.2%.
Two parties disappeared from the city council as a result this election. The Christian Democratic Social Party, after winning seats on the city council for the first time in the previous election in 1991, lost all their seats, though they would regain a mandate in 1998 and retain it in each subsequent election (as of the 2006 elections).
The right-wing New Democracy party lost all six of their previously held seats as a result of this election, though they managed to hold onto a mandate to the national Swedish Riksdag as part of the concurrent parliamentary election. The party would never regain seats on the Stockholm City Council, and was declared bankrupt in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20361783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361783" title="BWF Super Series Masters Finals">
BWF Super Series Masters Finals

The BWF Super Series Masters Finals is an annual badminton tournament held at the end of the year where the players compete for total prize money of US$500,000.
The Masters Finals was cancelled in 2007 due to the lack of sponsorships for this tournament. The 2008 tournament was held in Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia on December 18 to December 21, 2008.
Only top eight players or pairs in the Super Series rankings after the final Super Series tournament, as announced by the Badminton World Federation will be eligible to participate, however it is limited to two entries per member association. In the tournament, eight players or pairs will be divide into two pools of four, with the top two players or pairs will advancing into semi-finals.

</doc>
<doc id="20361786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361786" title="Local Boy">
Local Boy

"Local Boy" is the second single from the British indie rock band The Rifles, from their debut record "No Love Lost". The single was released via Right Hook Recordings in November 2005 and reached number 36 in the UK singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20361801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361801" title="Boxing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's flyweight">
Boxing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's flyweight

The men's flyweight event was part of the boxing programme at the 1948 Summer Olympics. The weight class was the lightest contested, and allowed boxers of up to 51 kilograms. The competition was held from Saturday, August 7, 1948 to Friday, August 13, 1948.
Twenty-six boxers from 26 nations competed.

</doc>
<doc id="20361817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361817" title="Anton Calenic">
Anton Calenic

Anton Calenic (born February 1, 1943) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1960s. At the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, he won a silver medal in the K-4 1000 m event.
Calenic also won a gold medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1966 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in East Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20361818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361818" title="Duncan Ley">
Duncan Ley

Duncan Ley is an Australian playwright, actor, theatrical producer and director who has also written for Sydney's Motion Picture Company. His play "In Cold Light" is currently in the production phase as it is turned into a feature film by Peter Slee Productions.
Career.
Playwright Credits.
Ley's plays including "The Burning", "When in Rome", "In Cold Light", "For All Our Sins", "Final Passages", "Play Me Softly", "Pillock for the Defence", "The Suspect", and "Last Drinks". "The Ides of March" made its world premiere at The White Bear Theatre in Kennington on 28 November 2008, directed by Adam Spreadbury-Maher and starring British actress Robyn Moore best known for her portrayal as Shirley Benson on BBC's "EastEnders".
In 2009, Ley's play "Last Drinks" was presented as a double bill with Stephen Fry's "Latin".
Awards.
Ley has won a number of awards, including for his direction of William Shakespeare's Hamlet for New Century Productions. He won "Best Original Work of the Year" and "Best Play of the Year" from the Canberra Area Theatre Awards in both 2001 and 2003, for "The Burning" and "In Cold Light" respectively. His play "The Ides of March" was short-listed for the 2007 STC Patrick White Playwright's Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20361819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361819" title="ECCC">
ECCC

ECCC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20361837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361837" title="Iodamide">
Iodamide

Iodamide is a molecule used as a contrast medium.

</doc>
<doc id="20361845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361845" title="Dimitrie Ivanov">
Dimitrie Ivanov

Dimitrie Ivanov (September 24, 1944 – 1998) was a Romanian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1960s and early 1970s. At the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, he won a silver medal in the K-4 1000 m event.
Ivanov also won a silver medal in the K-1 4 x 500 m event at the 1971 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Belgrade.

</doc>
<doc id="20361846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361846" title="Mabrouk El Mechri">
Mabrouk El Mechri

Mabrouk el Mechri (born 18 September 1976) is a French director, screenwriter and actor.
El Mechri was born in Versailles, France. He has directed a number of films. After his three shorts "Mounir et Anita", "Generation Cutter" and "Concours de circonstance", he directed his first long feature "Virgil" in 2005 about the life of a boxer, followed by a comedy entitled "Stand Up!". His 2008 movie entitled JCVD about Jean-Claude Van Damme and featuring him as the actor garnered Mabrouk El Mechri critical acclaim. The film, a comedy drama and at certain times biographical of Van Damme was screened at the Cannes Film Festival, 2008 Rome Film Festival (L'Altro Cinema) and the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival (Midnight Madness). He is now working on his new movie "Sage femme" (2008) featuring Vanessa Paradis. He was married to actress Audrey Dana, with whom he had a child in 2008. He is now in a relationship with Virginie Efira who is expecting his child. 

</doc>
<doc id="20361847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361847" title="Methiodal">
Methiodal

Methiodal is a molecule used as a contrast medium.

</doc>
<doc id="20361857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361857" title="Metrizamide">
Metrizamide

Metrizamide is a nonionic radiopaque contrast agent.

</doc>
<doc id="20361867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361867" title="Talheim Death Pit">
Talheim Death Pit

The Talheim Death Pit (German: "Massaker von Talheim"), discovered in 1983, was a mass grave found in a Linear Pottery Culture settlement, also known as a Linearbandkeramik (LBK) culture. It dates back to about 5000 BC. The pit takes its name from its site in Talheim, Germany. The pit contained the remains of 34 bodies, and evidence points towards the first signs of organized violence in Early Neolithic Europe.
Evidence of violence.
The Talheim grave contained a total of 34 skeletons, consisting of 16 children, 9 adult males, 7 adult women, and two more adults of indeterminate sex. Several skeletons of this group exhibited signs of repeated and healed-over trauma, suggesting that violence was a habitual or routine aspect of the culture. Not all of the wounds, however, were healed at the time of death. All of the skeletons at Talheim showed signs of significant trauma that were likely the cause of death. Broken down into three categories, 18 skulls were marked with wounds indicating the sharp edge of adzes of the Linearbandkeramik or Linear Pottery culture (LBK); 14 skulls were similarly marked with wounds produced from the blunt edge of adzes, and 2–3 had wounds produced by arrows. The skeletons did not exhibit evidence of defensive wounds, indicating that the population was fleeing when it was killed.
Reasons for violence.
Warfare in primitive, ungoverned regions is thought to have been more prevalent than warfare in civilized states.
Death by violence is seen in burials from as far back as 34,000 to 24,000 years ago in central and western Europe. The massacre at Talheim supports this idea by giving evidence of habitual warfare between Linearbandkeramik settlements. It is most likely that the violence occurred amongst LBK populations since the head wounds indicate the use of weapons from LBK cultures and all skeletons found resemble those of LBK settlers.
Speculations as to the reasons for violence between settlements include vengeance, conflicts over land, poaching, demonstration of superiority, kidnapping slaves, and kidnapping women. Archaeologists also consider the possibility that the violence occurred between LBK farmers and hunter-gatherers, both struggling for resources. This theory is supported by the discovery that various LBK fortifications bordering indigenously inhabited areas appear to have not been in use for very long. This evidence suggests that the LBK farmers defeated the much smaller populations of hunter-gatherers and no longer needed the protection of the fortifications. Another reason for violence, although less likely, is its use in “ritual cannibalism” in LBK culture.
Opposing viewpoints.
An opposing theory accounting for the violence at Talheim is that Europe was peaceful at the time the victims were living. Hand-crafted weapons, rather than simply hunting tools, did not appear in Europe until 4500 BC at the earliest, a full 500 years after the bodies were dumped at Talheim. Similarly, fortifications have been found in the surrounding areas, however these structures have been dated to well after Talheim as well. Early forts in nearby Austria, for instance, have been dated to the 4000s BC. While close to the estimated time-frame for the Talheim Death Pit, these forts are still considered primitive. The lack of protection offered by such forts indicates that the violence at this time was not as severe as the evidence at Talheim suggests.
Such violence did not enter the region until the invasion of tribes following the Kurgan Culture in the fourth millennium BC. Until the invasion of the Kurgan peoples, the region was an agrarian society, settled and content, with no reason for the populations to become violent with one another. The invasion uprooted the sedentary tribes, and caused chaos in the area. The LBK entered an unsettled “dark age” of disunity. Violence in the area came as a result of this chaos, because unsettled tribes became belligerent as they competed with neighbors. All of this occurred hundreds of years after the death of the 34 humans at Talheim.
Similar occurrences.
Mass burial at Schletz-Asparn.
The mass grave near Schletz, part of Asparn an der Zaya, was located about 33 kilometres (roughly 20 miles) to the north of Vienna, Austria, and dates back about 7,500 years. Schletz, just like the Talheim death pit, is one of the earliest known sites in the archaeological record that shows proof of genocide in Early Neolithic Europe, among various LBK tribes. The site was not entirely excavated, but it is estimated that the entire ditch could contain up to 300 individuals. The remains of 67 people have been uncovered, all showing multiple points of trauma. Scientists have concluded that these people were also victims of genocide. Since the weapons used were characteristic of LBK peoples, the attackers are believed to be members of other LBK tribes. In similar proportions to those found at Talheim, fewer young women were found than men at Schletz. Because of this scarcity of young women among the dead, it is possible that other women of the defeated group were kidnapped by the attackers. The site was enclosed, or fortified, which serves as evidence of violent conflict among tribes and means that these fortifications were built as a form of defense against aggressors. The people who lived there had built two ditches to counter the menace of other LBK communities.
Mass burial at Herxheim.
Another Early Neolithic mass grave was found at Herxheim, near Landau in the Rhineland-Palatinate. The site, unlike the mass burials at Talheim and Schletz, serves as proof of ritual cannibalism rather than of the first signs of violence in Europe.
Herxheim contained 173 skulls and skull-plates, and the scattered remains of at least 450 individuals. Two complete skeletons were found inside the inner ditch. The crania from these bodies were discovered at regular intervals in the two defensive ditches surrounding the site. After the victims were decapitated, their heads were either thrown into the ditch or placed on top of posts that later collapsed inside the ditch. The heads showed signs of trauma from axes and one other weapon. Moreover, the organized placing of the skulls suggests a recurrent ritual act, instead of a single instance. Herxheim also contained various high-quality pottery artifacts and animal bones associated with the human remains. Unlike the mass burial at Talheim, scientists have concluded that instead of being a fortification, Herxheim was an enclosed center for ritual.

</doc>
<doc id="20361868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361868" title="Iopromide">
Iopromide

Iopromide is a molecule used as a contrast medium. It is marketed under the name Ultravist which is produced by Bayer Healthcare. It is a low osmolar, non-ionic contrast agent for intravascular use.
It is commonly used in radiographic studies such as intravenous urograms, brain computer tomography (CT) and CT pulmonary angiograms (CTPAs).

</doc>
<doc id="20361881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361881" title="Ioversol">
Ioversol

Ioversol (INN) is an organoiodine compound that used as a contrast medium. It features both a high iodine content, as well as several hydrophilic groups.

</doc>
<doc id="20361889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361889" title="Uncial 0248">
Uncial 0248

Uncial 0248 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 9th century. 
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Gospel of Matthew 1; 12-14; 19-21, on 70 parchment leaves (21 cm by 15.5 cm), with some lacunae. It is written in two columns per page, 24 lines per page, in uncial letters.
It is a palimpsest, twice rewritten.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 9th century.
Location.
Currently the codex is housed at the Bodleian Library (Auct. T. 4.21) in Oxford. 
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V. 

</doc>
<doc id="20361890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361890" title="Haralambie Ivanov">
Haralambie Ivanov

Haralambie Ivanov (February 23, 1941 – August 22, 2004) was a Romanian sprint canoer who competed in the mid to late 1960s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a silver in the K-4 1000 m event at Mexico City in 1968. Ivanov also won six medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with four golds (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1963, K-2 500 m: 1963, K-2 1000 m: 1963, K-4 1000 m: 1966), a silver (K-4 1000 m: 1963), and a bronze (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1966). He died in Crișan, Tulcea in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20361895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361895" title="Iopentol">
Iopentol

Iopentol is a molecule used as a contrast medium.

</doc>
<doc id="20361898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361898" title="Aboriginal Dugout Canoes">
Aboriginal Dugout Canoes

Aboriginal Canoes were a significant advancement in canoe technology. Dugouts were stronger, faster, and more efficient than previous types of bark canoes. The Aboriginals' use of these canoes brought about many changes to both their hunting practices and society. The Australian Aboriginal people began using these canoes around the 17th century in coastal regions of Australia. As the popularity of dugouts grew their use quickly spread across the continent. 
Construction.
Aboriginal canoes were constructed much more easily than previous types of vessels, such as bark canoes. This ease of construction played a significant role in the dugout canoes’ widespread use. While earlier vessels required a great deal of labor and time-consuming sewing to make, dugout canoes were constructed easily and in a shorter period of time. First, one would have to cut down a tree and shape the exterior into an even form. The sides of the canoe were shaped in one of two ways. They were either carved straight up and down or in a "u" shape, curving in towards the center of the boat. Next, one would literally dig out the inner wood of the log to make space for the oarsmen to sit and paddle. In some early dugout canoes, aboriginals would not make the bottoms of the canoes smooth, but would instead carve "ribbing" into the vessel. Ribbing (literally sections of wood that looked like ribs) was used to stabilize bark canoes, and though not necessary to dugout canoes, was a carryover in the transition from one canoe type to the other. Both the chopping down of the tree and the digging out of the log were easily done with an iron-axe. They also made their canoes out of tree bark, sticky tree sap to hold it together, and fallen tree limbs.
The wood used in the construction of dugout canoes was essential to its strength and durability. A wide variety of trees were used depending upon the location of a particular people, but in most cases the aboriginals used a type of sycamore. Sycamores are strong and extremely durable, making them suitable for use in the construction of dugout canoes.
Uses.
Both sea turtles and dugongs were essential components of the Aboriginal diet. The transformation from bark canoes to dugout canoes greatly increased the ability of the tribal hunters to catch and kill both of these types of sea creatures due primarily to a more formidable structure. Dugout canoes included a stronger and better platform for harpooning that greatly increased the stability of an upright hunter by providing essential footing. In order to capture dugongs and sea turtles, the hunters needed to maintain the utmost degree of stealth. Perfect balance was required and the new dugout canoes gave the hunters this necessary edge.
Additionally, the shift towards using dugout canoes maximized the overall possibilities of seafarers. Not only did increased sturdiness, speed and stability of Dugout canoes make hunting easier, but these characteristics also allowed for long-distance travel. Whereas Bark canoes had been only used for inland use or travel extremely close to the shore, Dugout canoes offered a far greater range of travel which allowed for trade outside of the area of the village. Dugout canoes were capable of traveling distances over 500 km. This new vessel gave the Aboriginals the ability and opportunity to explore, trade and locate additional resources located outside of the central location. 
Impacts.
The widespread use of dugout canoes had many impacts on Aboriginal life. The most significant were results of the aboriginals' ability to hunt larger prey. With the strength to transport larger prey over longer distances, dugout enabled the Aboriginals to vastly expand their hunting grounds. This larger prey also enabled the Aboriginals to support a larger group of people over a longer period of time. This increase in the ability to support population led to both population growth and expansion.

</doc>
<doc id="20361901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361901" title="The Christmas Card">
The Christmas Card

The Christmas Card is a Hallmark Channel original movie produced by RHI Entertainment. It was released December 2, 2006, and was written by Joany Kane and directed by Stephen Bridgewater. The movie was filmed on location in Nevada City, California.
Plot.
In the midst of war in Afghanistan, Cody Cullen (John Newton) is touched by a Christmas card sent by Faith Spelman (Alice Evans) from the small, picturesque town of Nevada City, California. As months pass, the card never leaves his side, giving him the strength to survive and setting him on a mission to find her.
Press.
Hallmark Channel collaborated with Operation Dear Abby, who issued a special message in her column: "This holiday season – support the troops by sending a message to our servicemembers." The network also put together a national "Cards for Troops" campaign and a partnership with "America Supports You" to build support of Americans for the men and women of the U.S. Armed Services. Hallmark Channel also set up a satellite link to reunite Jennifer Parsley, a young woman from Porter, Texas who sent thousands of cards to troops through "Operation Gratitude" and in the process met serviceman Jeremy Harshman, who is deployed overseas.
Reception.
The movie ranked as Hallmark Channel’s highest-ever-rated telecast to the date of its premiere. The network also ranked #1 in Prime Time that day, making it the most-watched telecast on basic cable for the day.
Award nomination.
2007 Emmy Nomination for Edward Asner
Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or Movie

</doc>
<doc id="20361904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361904" title="Worthington Presbyterian Church">
Worthington Presbyterian Church

Worthington Presbyterian Church is a historic church in Worthington, Ohio, United States. Founded in 1805, the congregation is composed of 1,900 members.
The congregation worships in a Colonial Revival church building that was built in 1927. Under the name of "Worthington United Presbyterian Church," it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20361914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361914" title="Iomeprol">
Iomeprol

Iomeprol is a molecule used as a contrast medium.

</doc>
<doc id="20361927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361927" title="Iobitridol">
Iobitridol

Iobitridol is a molecule used as a contrast medium in X-ray imaging. 45.6% of the molecular mass is contributed by the three iodine atoms.
Xenetix 300 of Guerbet (Roissy, France) contains Iobitridol in 300 mg iodine/ml concentration. Recommended mean doses are 1.1 to 2.8 ml/kg body mass corresponding to 0,33 to 0,84 g iodine/kg human body mass. Injected into veins it will be filtered out by the kidneys. It is used also to fill joints or the uterus. 
Iobotridol is nonionic but watersoluble by some -OH-groups.

</doc>
<doc id="20361931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361931" title="Michael Marshall (bishop)">
Michael Marshall (bishop)

Michael Eric Marshall (born 14 April 1936) was the eighth Bishop of Woolwich in the Church of England (Anglican). 
Marshall was educated at Christ's College, Cambridge and was ordained in 1961. His first ministry position was as a curate at St Peter's Spring Hill, Birmingham after which he was temporarily a tutor at Ely Theological College and then a chaplain at the University of London. Appointed vicar of All Saints, Margaret Street in 1969, six years later he became the Bishop of Woolwich. Resigning in 1984 he became the Director of the Anglican Institute in St Louis, Missouri in the United States before returning to England to be Director of Evangelism at Chichester Theological College. He then became, first, priest in charge and, later, rector of Holy Trinity Sloane Street (1997–2007). In 2003, he founded the Awareness Foundation with the Revd Nadim Nassar. He is the President of the Awareness Foundation and co-author of the Awareness Course. A prominent author, his many books include "A Pattern of Faith"(1966), "Glory under Your Feet" (1978), "Pilgrimage and Promise" (1981), "Renewal in Worship" (1982), "The Gospel Connection" and "Flame in the Mind" (2002). In retirement he serves as an assistant bishop in London. His "SPA" (Scripture Prayer Action) ministry which was developed with the Rev'd Soon Han Choi was initially based at the Church of the Annunciation, Marble Arch and he continues to work as President of the Awareness Foundation, with special responsibility for promoting their educational ministry in the United States. Marshall's most recent book, "The Transforming Power of Prayer: From Illusion to Reality", was the 2011 Mowbray Lent book. 
In 2011, it was announced that Marshall would be spending a year in New York City as the interim rector of the Episcopal Church of the Heavenly Rest on 5th Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="20361939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361939" title="István Csizmadia">
István Csizmadia

István Csizmadia (born December 16, 1944) was a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1960s to the mid-1970s. He won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.
Csizmadia also won two medals in the K-1 4 x 500 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver in 1973 and a bronze in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="20361941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361941" title="Iopydol">
Iopydol

Iopydol is a chemical compound used as a contrast medium.

</doc>
<doc id="20361951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361951" title="Faecal calprotectin">
Faecal calprotectin

Measurement of faecal calprotectin is a biochemical test for intestinal inflammation, including inflammatory bowel disease. Under specific clinical scenario, the test may eliminate the need for invasive colonoscopy or radio-labelled white cell scanning.
Structure and function.
Calprotectin is a 36kDa calcium and zinc binding protein expressed by the gene S100 calcium-binding protein A8, S100A8. It accounts for 30 to 40% of neutrophils' cytosol. In vitro studies show it has bacteriostatic and fungistatic properties. It is resistant to enzymatic degradation, and can be easily measured in faeces.
Use as a surrogate marker.
The main diseases that cause an increased excretion of faecal calprotectin are infectious colitis, Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis and neoplasms (cancer).
Inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD) are a group of conditions that cause a pathological inflammation of the bowel wall. Neutrophils influx into the bowel lumen as a result of the inflammatory process. Measurement of faecal calprotectin has been shown to be strongly correlated with 111-indium-labelled leucocytes - considered the gold standard measurement of intestinal inflammation. Levels of faecal calprotectin are normal in patients with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
Although a relatively new test, faecal calprotectin is regularly used as indicator for IBD during treatment and as diagnostic marker 
Specific indications for measuring calprotectin are in:

</doc>
<doc id="20361954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361954" title="International Institute of Earthquake Engineering and Seismology">
International Institute of Earthquake Engineering and Seismology

International Institute of Earthquake Engineering and Seismology (IIEES), founded by Mohsen Ghafory-Ashtiany, is an international earthquake engineering and seismology institute based in Iran. It was established as a result of the 24th UNESCO General Conference Resolution DR/250 under Iranian government approval in 1989. It was founded as an independent institute within the Iran’s Ministry of Science, Research and Technology. 
Mohsen Ghafory-Ashtiany distinguished professor of earthquake engineering and risk management at International Institute of Earthquake Engineering and seismology (IIEES) which was founded by him in 1989, is Chief Editor of JSEE and IDRiM Journals; author of more than 140 papers and 3 books in the field of earthquake engineering, seismic hazard and risk analysis, risk management and planning. Ashtiany is the Director and member of the Executive committee of International Association of Earthquake engineering (IAEE), Chairman of Earthquake Hazard, Risk and Strong Ground Motion Commission of IASPEI, member of UN-ISDR Scientific and Technical commission, Director and member of board of World Seismic Safety Initiative, member of Global Earthquake Risk Model Project; Member of Geo-Hazard Initiative, Member of GSHAP, Member of Global Risk Forum-Davos, and many other scientific communities. Ashtiany was born in Tehran, Iran in 1957 and graduated from Va. Tech (USA) in 1983 with honor, and is resident of US.
On its establishment, the IIEES drew up a seismic code in an attempt to improve the infrastructural response to earthquakes and seismic activity in the country. Its primary objective is to reduce the risk of seismic activity on buildings and roads and provide mitigation measures both in Iran and the region.
The institute is responsible for much of the research and education in this field by conducting research and providing education and knowledge in seismotectonic studies, seismology and earthquake engineering. In addition conducts research and educates in risk management and generating possibilities for an effective earthquake response strategy. 
The IIEES is composed of the following research Centers: Seismology, Geotechnical Earthquake Engineering, Structural Earthquake Engineering, Risk Management; National center for Earthquake Prediction, and Graduate School, Public Education and Information Division. 

</doc>
<doc id="20361955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361955" title="Propyliodone">
Propyliodone

Propyliodone (INN, trade name Dionosil) is a molecule used as a contrast medium.

</doc>
<doc id="20361962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361962" title="Erling Olsen">
Erling Olsen

Erling Olsen (18 April 1927 – 27 June 2011) was a Danish politician for the Social Democrats. He was member of parliament 1964–66, 1971–73 and 1975–98, and was minister of housing 1978–82 and minister of justice 1993–94. Olsen was Speaker of the Folketing from 1994 to 1998. He was professor of national economics and the first dean of Roskilde University 1971–73.

</doc>
<doc id="20361968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361968" title="Iofendylate">
Iofendylate

Iofendylate is a molecule used as a contrast medium.

</doc>
<doc id="20361979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361979" title="Adipiodone">
Adipiodone

Adipiodone (INN, or iodipamide) is a molecule used as a contrast medium.

</doc>
<doc id="20361989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361989" title="Perflenapent">
Perflenapent

Perflenapent (INN/USAN), or perfluoropentane (PFP), is a fluorocarbon. It has several biomedical applications including: propellant for pressurized metered dose inhalers; gas core in microbubble ultrasound contrast agents; and occlusion therapy via the conversion of nanometer liquid droplets into micrometer sized gas microbubbles (acoustic droplet vaporization).

</doc>
<doc id="20361992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361992" title="Albert Williams (baseball)">
Albert Williams (baseball)

Albert Hamilton Williams DeSouza is an Afro-Nicaraguan former professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of five seasons in Major League Baseball, from until , all for the Minnesota Twins.
From 1977 through 1978, Williams was out of baseball, serving as a freedom fighter in Nicaragua during Nicaraguan Revolution, fighting with the Sandinista rebels. In 1979, he had to be smuggled out of Nicaragua as the government would not grant him a visa to leave the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20361996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361996" title="Bradford Elementary School">
Bradford Elementary School

Bradford Elementary School is the name of several elementary schools:
In Canada:
In the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="20361999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20361999" title="Yuri Filatov">
Yuri Filatov

Yuri Nikolayevich Filatov (; , born July 30, 1948) is a Soviet-born Ukrainian sprint canoer who competed in the 1970s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two gold medals in the K-4 1000 m event, earning them in 1972 and 1976.
Filatov also won four medals in the K-4 1000 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds (1970, 1971) and two silvers (1973, 1974).

</doc>
<doc id="20362019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362019" title="Ullurai">
Ullurai

Ullurai (Tamil உள்ளுறை "uḷḷuṟai" literally, "inner meaning") is a type of extended allusion or metaphor used in classical Tamil poetry. 
Five types of ullurai are described in the Tolkappiyam, an early treatise on grammar and poetics. These are uṭaṉuṟai, uvamam, cuṭṭu, nakai and cirappu. The first two of these, the treatise says, were in use in the classical period. The other three had been used in earlier periods, but were no longer in use in his time. Few examples of their use survive outside texts on literary theory. 
Ilampuranar, an early mediaeval commentator, describes the constituents of each of the five types of ullurai. 
Ilampuranar states that the key characteristic of ullurai is it functions as a literary device which causes the reader to perceive or understand something - a person, object or feeling - that is different from what the words of the poem describe. According to Nachchinarkkiniyar, a late mediaeval commentator, elaborates further. The essence of ullurai - which distinguishes it from other types of similies (uvamai) - is, he says, the absence from the similie not only of express terms of comparison, but also of the thing or emotion that is the subject of the comparison. He gives the example of the phrase: "coral-like lips". In order to be ullurai, the poem must not only not use the word "like", it should make no mention of "lips" at all. If it does, the literary device it uses is not considered "ullurai", but is classified as some other type of similie ("uvamai"). 
Modern commentators are divided on the nature of the relationship between ullurai and other literary techniques described in traditional treatises on Tamil poetics. Selby treats the purpose of ullurai as being the creation of iraicchi - a sense of recognition in readers, which leads them to understand the inner meaning of the poem. Other modern commentators treat iraicchi as being a type of ullurai, usually treating it as being a synonym for, or closely related to, uṭaṉuṟai.

</doc>
<doc id="20362022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362022" title="A Little Yes and a Big No">
A Little Yes and a Big No

A Little Yes and a Big No is the 1946 autobiography of German artist George Grosz. The first edition was published by Dial Press in New York City, and was translated by Lola Sachs Dorin.
In 1998, the University of California Press published a 1955 translation of Grosz's text by Nora Hodges, entitled "George Grosz: An Autobiography". The 1998 edition includes the chapter "Russia in 1922" which did not appear in the 1946 edition. In this chapter, Grosz recounts his five-month tour of Soviet Russia's most famine-stricken areas. Barbara McCloskey writes in the foreword to the 1998 edition: "Grosz rejects any glimmer of the revolutionary idealism that we might have expected from a young, radicalized artist. Gloom and suspicion, not optimism and hope, define his vision of the new Soviet regime."

</doc>
<doc id="20362031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362031" title="Metrizoic acid">
Metrizoic acid

Metrizoic acid is a molecule used as a contrast medium.
Due to its high osmolality, Metrizoic acid has a risk of inducing allergic reactions compared to lower osmolar contrast media.

</doc>
<doc id="20362034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362034" title="Cassandra (song)">
Cassandra (song)

"Cassandra" is a 1998 single by Norwegian metal band Theatre of Tragedy. This was the only single to be taken from their 1998 album "Aégis". The character Cassandra is taken from Greek mythology.

</doc>
<doc id="20362042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362042" title="Iotalamic acid">
Iotalamic acid

Iotalamic acid is a molecule used as a contrast medium.

</doc>
<doc id="20362049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362049" title="Yuri Stetsenko">
Yuri Stetsenko

Yuri Stetsenko (sometimes listed as Yuriy Zhetchenko, born April 11, 1945) is a Soviet-born Ukrainian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a gold medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Munich in 1972.
Stetsenko also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with three golds (K-2 1000 m: 1966, K-4 1000 m: 1970, 1971) and a bronze (K-4 1000 m: 1966).

</doc>
<doc id="20362056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362056" title="Ioxitalamic acid">
Ioxitalamic acid

Ioxitalamic acid (also known under the brand name Telebrix) is a monomer molecule used as a contrast medium.

</doc>
<doc id="20362069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362069" title="Ioglicic acid">
Ioglicic acid

Ioglicic acid is a molecule used as a contrast medium.

</doc>
<doc id="20362084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362084" title="Acetrizoic acid">
Acetrizoic acid

Acetrizoic acid is a molecule used as a contrast medium.

</doc>
<doc id="20362086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362086" title="Maryna Shukyurava">
Maryna Shukyurava

Maryna Shukyurava, known also by the stage name Rusia ( (born March 15, 1980 in Cierachoǔka, Homiel Voblast.), is a Belarusian rock singer in the band Indiga and was crowned "Rok-kniazoǔna" (Princess of Rock Music) at the tenth Rok-karanacyja festival.
With her band she also won the first prize at the 2003 Basovišča festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20362089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362089" title="Valeri Didenko">
Valeri Didenko

Valeri Didenko (born March 4, 1946) is a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the early 1970s. He won a gold medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
Didenko also won three medals in the K-4 1000 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds (1970, 1971) and a silver (1973).

</doc>
<doc id="20362095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362095" title="Iocarmic acid">
Iocarmic acid

Iocarmic acid is a molecule used as a contrast medium.

</doc>
<doc id="20362104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362104" title="Ioxaglic acid">
Ioxaglic acid

Ioxaglic acid (trade name Hexabrix) is an iodine containing molecule used as a low-osmolality contrast medium.

</doc>
<doc id="20362112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362112" title="Silajit Majumder">
Silajit Majumder

Silajit Majumder (, born 9 October 1965), first name also credited as "Shilajit", is an Indian Bengali male singer songwriter and actor from Kolkata.
Education.
He received his education at the Saint Paul K G school, the Scottish Church Collegiate School, and the Scottish Church College, before graduating from the Vidyasagar College of the University of Calcutta in English literature.

</doc>
<doc id="20362116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362116" title="Iodoxamic acid">
Iodoxamic acid

Iodoxamic acid is an organoiodine compound that used as a contrast medium. It features both a high iodine content as well as several hydrophilic groups.

</doc>
<doc id="20362126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362126" title="Iotroxic acid">
Iotroxic acid

Iotroxic acid (INN), also known as meglumine iotroxate (BAN), is a molecule used as a contrast medium.

</doc>
<doc id="20362137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362137" title="Empire Activity">
Empire Activity

Empire Activity was the name of a number of ships.

</doc>
<doc id="20362141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362141" title="Ioglycamic acid">
Ioglycamic acid

Ioglycamic acid is a molecule used as a contrast medium.

</doc>
<doc id="20362158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362158" title="Iobenzamic acid">
Iobenzamic acid

Iobenzamic acid is a molecule used as a contrast medium.

</doc>
<doc id="20362170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362170" title="Iopanoic acid">
Iopanoic acid

Iopanoic acid is an iodine-containing radiocontrast medium used in cholecystography. Both iopanoic acid and ipodate sodium are potent inhibitors of thyroid hormone release from thyroid gland, as well as of peripheral conversion of thyroxine (T4) to triiodothyronine (T3). These compounds inhibit 5'deiodinase (5'DID-1 and 5'DID-2) enzymes, which catalyse T4-T3 conversion in the thyroid cell, liver, kidney, skeletal muscle, heart, brain, pituitary. This accounts for the dramatic improvement in both subjective and objective symptoms of hyperthyroidism, particularly when they are used as an adjunctive therapy with thioamides (propylthiouracil, carbimazole). These are less toxic, as iodine is covalently bound in these compounds. They can be used in the treatment of patients with severe thyrotoxicosis (thyroid storm) and significant morbidity (e.g., myocardial infarction, or stroke) for rapid control of elevated plasma triiodothyronine concentrations. The use of iopanoic acid for treatment of thyrotoxicosis has been discontinued in the United States.
In addition to inhibiting deiodinase enzymes, iopanoic acid is also a substrate of type 1 deiodinase. Iopanoic acid underwent monodeiodination in the presence of type 1 deiodinase in a microsomal mouse liver preparation.

</doc>
<doc id="20362175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362175" title="Mihai Zafiu">
Mihai Zafiu

Mihai Zafiu (born June 9, 1949) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed from the early 1970s to the early 1980s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won two silver medals in the K-4 1000 m event, earning them in 1972 and 1980.
Zafiu also won six medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1974), four silvers (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1970, 1971, 1975; K-4 1000 m: 1978), and a bronze (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1973).

</doc>
<doc id="20362187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362187" title="Cleft of the Rock Light">
Cleft of the Rock Light

Cleft of the Rock Light is a privately owned lighthouse located on the Pacific coast of the U.S. state of Oregon, south of Yachats on Cape Perpetua.
It was built in 1976 by former Tillamook Rock Light attendant and lighthouse historian James A. Gibbs who was active in preserving the lantern room of Smith Island Light.
Cleft of the Rock Light is designed after Fiddle Reef Light, which operated from 1898 to 1958 in Oak Bay, British Columbia, a suburb of Victoria, Canada.
The Cleft's tower contains a stair railing from the original keeper's dwelling at Yaquina Head Light.
Other historic items include a stopwatch from Desdemona Sands Light, two brass oil cans from Tillamook Rock Light and Heceta Head Light, and a crank handle which wound the weights at Point Sur Light.
It also has two fourth order Fresnel lenses.
The Coast Guard made it an official navigational marker in 1979.
The lighthouse is part of Gibb's home, and the grounds and tower are closed to the public. However, they are conveniently viewable from U.S. Route 101 near mile marker 166.
It is just outside the northwest corner of the Cape Perpetua National Scenic Area.
Jim Gibbs died May 1, 2010. His daughter and son-in-law—who have shared the property for 27 years—will maintain the lighthouse as an official aid to navigation. The facility is still closed to the public.
Cleft of the Rock is named after a Christian hymn named "He Hideth My Soul in the Cleft of the Rock", which is based on a biblical passage.

</doc>
<doc id="20362189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362189" title="Iocetamic acid">
Iocetamic acid

Iocetamic acid is a molecule used as a contrast medium.

</doc>
<doc id="20362196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362196" title="Pink Apple">
Pink Apple

Pink Apple is the biggest gay & lesbian filmfestival in Switzerland and takes place every springtime in Zürich and Frauenfeld.
History.
In 1997 the Gay and Lesbian Film Festival Pink Apple was founded by a handful of film enthusiasts in Frauenfeld, a small city in the Canton of Thurgau in Eastern Switzerland. The Swiss ”Apple Canton“, also nicknamed ”Cider India“ because of its many apple trees, was the reason for its naming. Initially its aim was to promote the emancipation and acceptance of homosexuality in the provinces on the basis of a cultural activity. The festival was first held in 1998, showing ten films to a large crowd in the tiny Cinema Luna in Frauenfeld.
Pink Apple landed in Zurich in the wake of the lesbian and gay EuroGames held there in the year 2000. A programme with seven performances of seven films was very successful right from the start. Since then the festival has been growing continuously and the main focus is now in the "little big city" of Zurich thanks to the great public encouragement and rising demand for an annual gay and lesbian film programme. The opening of Pink Apple took place in Zurich for the first time in 2003. 
In the meantime Pink Apple has become the largest lesbian and gay film festival in Switzerland. This year about 80 films are to be shown in 80 performances. The initial audience of 500 has increased more than tenfold to approximately 7,000 people in 2008. Nevertheless, the festival still takes place in its birthplace Frauenfeld as well, where a reduced programme is shown. 
Pink Apple is based on a society and is an independent project. The members of the organizing committee (at present around twenty people) work on a voluntary basis.
Awards.
In order to encourage film making with lesbian and gay topics, a short film competition was established in 2001. Ever since, the Pink Apple Award worth 2000 Swiss Francs has been presented every year by a jury consisting of film experts. Also since 2001, the audience itself determines the most popular feature or documentary film by vote, granting it the Pink Apple Audience Award. Since 2008 a separate prize each is given to the most popular feature and to the most popular documentary film.
Past Winners.
2009: The Island, Trevor Anderson, Canada 2009
2008: No Bikini, Claudia Morgado Escanilla, Canada 2007
2007: Airplanes, Jen Heck, USA 2006 
2006: John and Michael, Shira Avni, Canada 2004 
2005: A Different War, Nadav Gal, Israel 2003 
2004: Bar Talk, Cheryl Furjanic, USA 2002 
2003: Snöchschtmol, Lawrence Grimm, Switzerland 2002 
2002: They Still Smile, Irina Sizova, Ukraine 2002 
2001: Kimberly, Bettina Disler, Switzerland/Australia 2000 
2008: XXY, Lucía Puenzo, Argentina/England/France 2007
2008: Football Under Cover, Ayat Najafi & David Assmann, Germany 2008
2007: Imagine Me and You, Ol Parker, England/Germany 2005 
2006: Paper Dolls, Tomer Heymann, Israel/Switzerland 2005 
2005: Beautiful Boxer, Ekachai Uekrongtham, Thailand 2003 
2004: D.E.B.S., Angela Robinson, USA 2003 
2003: Ruthie and Connie: Every Room in the House, Deborah Dickson, USA 2001 
2002: La parade (Notre histoire), Lionel Baier, Switzerland 2001 
2001: Trembling Before G-d, Sandi Sima Dubowski, USA/Israel 2000

</doc>
<doc id="20362201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362201" title="Charles Sabin Taft">
Charles Sabin Taft

Charles Sabin Taft was a bystander physician who was pressed into service during the assassination of Abraham Lincoln.
Lincoln's assassination.
On April 14, 1865, Taft was in the audience watching the play, "Our American Cousin," at Ford's Theatre in Washington, D.C., when Lincoln was shot. Taft was either the second or third physician to get to the President after the shooting. Due to the assassin having barricaded the entrance to the President's box, he was boosted up from the main floor of the theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="20362203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362203" title="Vicente Solórzano">
Vicente Solórzano

Vicente Hipólito Solórzano Castillo (born 27 September 1988) is a Honduran football defender currently playing for Deportes Savio.
Club career.
Solórzano started his career at Marathón but left them for Deportes Savio due to a lack of first team opportunities. He signed for Marathón again in summer 2012. He returned to Savio for the 2013 Clausura.

</doc>
<doc id="20362207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362207" title="Narendra Mohan (poet)">
Narendra Mohan (poet)

Narendra Mohan (born 30 July 1935, Lahore) is an eminent Hindi poet, playwright and critic, who also writes in Punjabi.
Biography.
DR. NARENDRA MOHAN
Born on 30 July 1935 in Lahore.After the partition, he accompanied by his parents shifted to Ambala and received his education from Matriculation to M.A at Ambala.
After six years of teaching at various colleges in Panjab and Agricultural University, Hissar( Haryana), shifted to Delhi University, Khalsa College and later on joined as Reader in Hindi Department, Delhi University. Retired in the year 2000. 
Active for the last four decades as a Playwright, Poet and Critic, Dr. Narendra Mohan has established his identity as a national figure at the literary scene. He is a trend setter in poetry (Vichar Kavita, Lambi Kavita). His critical works initiated new discourses on Partition and Manto. His complete works have been published in eight volumes. Narendra Mohan’s Ranchavali is a significant contribution to Hindi literature. 
A TV serial ‘Ujale Ki Aur’ of 26 episodes, written by him and directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee, earned him recognition and fame.
Narendra Mohan is a distinguished Playwright. His plays are: 
1.Kahe Kabir Sono Bhai Sadho (1988)
(The Play was staged at Patna (N.S.D. Workshop), Simla (Drama Festival), Delhi (Shri Ram Centre), Delhi and Jawahar Lal Nehru University.
2.Seengdhari (1988)
The play was staged at Delhi, Shri Ram Centre and at Patiala.
3.Qalander (1991)
4.No Man's Land (1994)
(The play was staged at Shri Ram Cenrtre, Delhi by Sakshi Art Group, Delhi).
5.Abhang-Gatha (2000) 
The Play was staged by Rang Samooh, Ujjain at Ujjain and at the prestigious NSD Bharat Rang Mohotsav, New Delhi, 2004. 
6.Mr. Jinnah (2005) 
The Play was staged by Arvind Gaur’s ‘Asmita’ Theatre Group, Delhi. The staging of the play was scheduled for 22, 23 June 2005. However, it was banned on 21 June 2005. The play was later staged at different theatre centres throughout the country and was translated into English and many Indian Languages.
Mohan is known for his controversial play Mr.Jinnah
7.Manch Andhere Mein (2011)
Staged by Rang Samooh, Ujjain. Virat Kalodbhav staged many shows at Mumbai and other Theatre centers’ across the country. 
8.Had Ho Gayee, Yaaro (2010]
Staged at Yamuna Nagar.
9.Malik Amber (2012)
These plays have been staged by renowned Theatre Groups and prominent directors and have been widely recognized by the readers, viewers, theatre lovers and critics. Critics and theatre persons, while discussing and analyzing his plays, have taken pains to explore at length the different features of his plays from ‘Kahe Kabir’ to ‘Abhang-Gatha’ and from ‘Mr Jinnah’ to ‘Malik Amber’. Togetherness of word and theatre has been a central characteristic of his plays. 
He has also edited works of Saadat Hassan Manto. 
Honoured by Uttar Pradesh Hindi Sansthan-Sahitya Bhusan Samman and Sahityakar Samman by Hindi Academy,Delhi. He is a literary trend-setter of two movements in Hindi Poetry called 'Vichar Kavita' and 'Lambi Kavita'. 
He has published seven collections of poems, six plays, ten books of literary criticism and fifteen edited books on various themes and genres. His poems, plays and critical articles have been translated into Punjabi, Urdu, Marathi, English and other Indian languages.
Educational and literary career.
Mohan got his Ph.D. in Modern Hindi Poetry ("Adhunik Hindi Kavita Mein Aprastut Vidhan") at Panjab University in 1966. A number of poems and articles appeared starting 1954 and by 1960, he was well known in literary circles.
His first job was as Lecturer in Hindi at Khalsa College, Ludhiana in 1958. Thereafter, he served in different Punjab Colleges and the Punjab Agricultural University as Lecturer and Asst. Professor. Moved to S.G.T.B. Khalsa College, Delhi in 1967, and joined as Reader in Hindi University of Delhi (1988–2000).
He edited the literary journal Sanchetna for 5 years (1969–73).
Published works.
Collection of Poems in Hindi
1. Iss Hadsey Mein (1975).
2. Samana Hone Par (1979)
3. Ek Agnikand Jaghen Badalta (1983).
4. Hatheli Par Angare Ki Tarah (1990).
5. Sankat Drishey Ka Nahin (1993).
6. Ek Sulagti Khamoshi (1997, 1999).
7. Ed Khadki Khuli He Abhi (2006)
8. Nele Ghore Ka Sawar. (2008). 
9. Rang Aakash Mein Shabd(2011)
रंगों की बुनावट में चमक है /
चमक में छिपा है कोई संदेश /
कल के लिए /
एक अबूझ लिपि /
ढहती इमारत की भाषा ? - Narendra Mohan 
Collection of Poems in Punjabi
Drish Badalde Hoye
Plays in Hindi
1-Kahe Kabir Sono Bhai Sadho (1988),staged at Patna (N.S.D. Workshop),Simla(Drama Festival),Delhi SRC and Jawahar Lal Nehru University.
2-Seengdhari(1988),The play was staged at SRC,Delhi and Patiala.
3-Kalander(1991), Sangeet Natak Academy, Allahabad Drama Festival, 1991 by Sambhav Art Group and in 1994 selected for Urdu Academy’s Annual Drama festival directed by Arvind Gaur
4-No Man's Land (1994),SRC, Delhi by Sakshi Group
5-Abhang-Gatha,(2000)Rang Samooh, Ujjan
6-Mr. Jinnah (2005),Play staged by Asmita Theatre Group directed by Arvind Gaur,The play Traces the psyche of Mohammad Ali Jinnah
7-Manch Andhere Mein,Staged by Rang Samooh, Ujjain.
Virat Kalodbhav staged many shows at Mumbai and other Theatre centers’ across the country. 
8.Had Ho Gayee, Yaaro (2010] Staged at Yamuna Nagar.
9.Malik Amber (2012)
Plays in Punjabi
Pagle (1991)
Sing Dhari (1991)
Kalander (2000)
Literary criticism.
Dr. Narendra Mohan wrote eleven books on Literary Criticism-
1-Adhunik Hindi Kavita Mein Aprastut Vidhan (1972)
2-Adhunikta Aur Samkaleen Rachna Sandarbh (1973)
3-Kavita Ki Vycharik Bhumika (1978)
4=Samkaleen Kahani Ki Pahachan (1978)
5-Adhunikta Ke Sandarbh Mein Hindi Kahani (1982)
6-Punjab Ke Lok Gatha Geet (1989)
7-Shastriya Aalochana Se Vidai (1991)
8-Samkaleen Kavita Ke Bare Main (1994)
9-Bisavin Shatabdi Ka Uttardh : Hindi Kahani (1996)
10-Rachna Ka Sach (2006)
11-Vibhajan Ki Trashdi : Bhartiya Katha Drishti (2008)
Edited books.
1-Hindi Kahani : Do Dashak Ki Yatra (1970)
2-Adhunik Hindi Upanyas (1975)
3-Lambi Kavitaon Ka Rachana Vidhan (1976)
4-Kahin Bhee Khatam Kavita Nahin Hoti (1978)
5-Vichar Aur Lahu Ke Beech (1980)
6-Prem Chand Ka Katha Sansar (1980)
7-Vidroh Aur Sahitya (1974)
8-Sangharsh, Parivartan Aur Sahitya (1982)
9-Sikka Badal Gaya (1975)
10-Bharat Vibhajan : Urdu Ki Shrestha Kahaniyan (1984)
11-Bharat Vibhajan : Hindi Ke Shrestha Kahaniyan (1984)
12-Khoi Hooe Khushboo :Vibhajan Ki Shrestha Kahaniyan (1984)
13-Saadat Hasan Manto Ke Natak (1991)
14-Saadat Hassan Manto Ki Kahaniyan (1992)
15-Samkaleen Hindi Kahaniyan - I, II (1994, 2000)
16-Beesveen Shatabdi : Lambi Kavitayen (1996)
17=Volumes of Significant writings,Drishyanter (1985)
18-Ek Nadi Hai Rachna (1995)
19-Complete Works of Narendra Mohan (Eight Volumes).
20-Sankaleen Natak Aur Rangmanch (2009)
21-Vibhajan: Bhartiya Bhashaon ki Kahaniyan (Vol 1 & 2)
TV serial.
Dr. Narendra Mohan Scripted Ujala ki aur Hindi serial for Indian Doordarshan,Directed by Hrishekesh Mukeerjee
AWARDS AND HONOURS
1. 'Shriomoni Sahityakar’ Award by Panjab Govt.
2. ‘Sahitya Bhusan Samman’ Award by Uttar Pradesh Hindi Sansthan. 
3. ‘Sahityakar Samman’ by Hindi Academy, Delhi.
4. ‘Sarvshreshtha Natakkar Samman’ by Natsamrat, Delhi.
5. Hindi Academy, Delhi award on his play 'Kahe Kabir Suno Bhai Sadho'.
6. First Prize on his Collection of poems 'Iss Hadsy Mein' by Language Deptt. Panjab.
7. All India Award by Ministry of Education, Govt. of India on his book of criticism 'Samkaleen Kahani Ki Pahchan’.
8. Haryana Sahitya Academi's award on his book of criticism 'Kavita Ki Vycharik Bhumika'.
DIARY AND OTHER GENRES 
1. The Eternal No: Dimensions of Protest in Literature (In English : 1985)
2. Drishyanter (1985)
3. Ek Nadi Hai Rachna (1995)
4. Sath Sath Mera Saya (Diary: 2003)
5. Saye Se Alag (Diary: 2010)
6. Complete Works of Narendra Mohan (Eight Volumes) (2005)
7. Frame sey Baahar Aati Tasveeren (2010)
TRANSLATION OF NARENDRA MOHON’S CREATIVE WORKS INTO OTHER LANGUAGES
1. Poetry collection ‘Ek Sulagti Khamoshi’ in Marathi by Dr. Mangala Vaishnav. (2001).
2. Collection of long poems ‘Sankat Drishya Ka Nahin’ in Marathi by Dr. Ganesh Raj Sonale (2001) and in Panjabi by Dr. Kirti Kesar (2002).
3. The play ‘Seengdhari’ translated into Marathi by Sri Nath Tiwari (2002).
4. Literary Diary ‘Sath Sath Mera Saya’ translated into Marathi by Dr. Mangala Vaishanav (2003). 
5. The play ‘Kahe Kabir Suno Bhai Sadho’ translated into Marathi by Dr. Mangala Vaishnav (2005).
6. The play ‘Manch Andhere Mein’ translated into Marathi by Dr. Mangala Vaishnav (2011). 
7. The Play ‘ Mr. Jinnah’ translated into:
a. Kannada by Dr. Tejasvi Kattimani, Periyar Prakashan, Dharwad, Karnataka (2006). 
b. Marathi by Dr. Mangala Vaishnav, Pratiman Prakashan, Pune (2006).
c. Urdu by Dr. Sahina Tabassum, Classic Publication, Lahore (2007).
d. Panjabi by Tarsem, Chetna Prakashan, Ludhiana (2008).
e. Gujarati by Dr. Bharti Vyas (under Publication).
f. Telugu by Dr. Basanta (under Publication).
g. English by Dr. O.P. Arora (2011).

</doc>
<doc id="20362209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362209" title="Gadoteric acid">
Gadoteric acid

Gadoteric acid (trade names Artirem, Dotarem) is a macrocycle-structured gadolinium-based MRI contrast agent. It consists of the organic acid DOTA as a chelating agent, and gadolinium (Gd3+), and is used in form of the meglumine salt. The drug is approved and used in a number of countries worldwide. It is used to assist imaging of blood vessels and of inflamed or diseased tissue where the blood vessels become 'leaky'. It is often used when viewing intracranial lesions with abnormal vascularity or abnormalities in the blood–brain barrier. Its paramagnetic property reduces the T1 relaxation time (and to some extent the T2 and T2* relaxation times) in NMR, which is the source of its clinical utility.

</doc>
<doc id="20362216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362216" title="Rospo Pallenberg">
Rospo Pallenberg

Rospo Pallenberg is a screenwriter. He was involved in the writing of the John Boorman films "", "Excalibur", and "The Emerald Forest".

</doc>
<doc id="20362220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362220" title="Roman Vartolomeu">
Roman Vartolomeu

Roman Vartolomeu (born May 9, 1950) is a Romanian flatwater canoer who competed in the early 1970s. He won a silver medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.
Vartolomeu also won a bronze medal in the K-1 4 x 500 m event at the 1973 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Tampere.

</doc>
<doc id="20362225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362225" title="Gadoxetic acid">
Gadoxetic acid

Gadoxetic acid is a gadolinium-based MRI contrast agent. Its salt, gadoxetate disodium, is marketed as Primovist in Europe and Eovist in the United States by Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals.

</doc>
<doc id="20362233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362233" title="Gadobenic acid">
Gadobenic acid

Gadobenic acid (tradename MultiHance) is a complex of gadolinium with the ligand BOPTA. In the form of the diglumine salt it functions as a gadolinium-based MRI contrast medium, under the trade name "gadobenate dimeglumine".
BOPTA is a derivative of DTPA in which one terminal carboxyl group, –C(O)OH is replaced by -C–O–CH2C6H5. Thus gadobenic acid is closely related to gadopentetic acid. BOPTA itself was first synthesized in 1995.
In the "gadobenate" ion gadolinium ion is 9-coordinate with BOPTA acting as a 8-coordinating ligand. The ninth position is occupied by a water molecule, which exchanges rapidly with water molecules in the immediate vicinity of the strongly paramagnetic complex, providing a mechanism for MRI contrast enhancement. 139La NMR studies on the diamagnetic La-BOPTA2- complex suggest that the Gd complex maintains in solution the same kind of coordination as found, by X-ray crystallography, in the solid state for Gd-BOPTA disodium salt.

</doc>
<doc id="20362243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362243" title="Johannes West">
Johannes West

Johannes West (born 1782, died 1835), was Denmark's inspector of Nordgrønland. 
He took over as inspector of Nordgrønland in 1817 after Peter Motzfeldt, even though Frederik Diderik Sechmann Fleischer had filled in for Motzfeldt in the last two years of his work, and was seen by many as his natural successor. 

</doc>
<doc id="20362246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362246" title="Bauer Watertechnology Cup">
Bauer Watertechnology Cup

The Bauer Watertechnology Cup is a tennis tournament held in Eckental, Germany since 1997. The event is part of the ATP Challenger Tour and is played on indoor carpet courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20362255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362255" title="Zwiesel–Grafenau railway">
Zwiesel–Grafenau railway

The building of the Zwiesel–Grafenau railway, today route number 906 in the timetable, was begun in 1884 by the Royal Bavarian State Railways and taken into service on 1 September 1890. With a total length of 32 km it linked the towns of Zwiesel and Grafenau in the Bavarian Forest. At Zwiesel railway station it connects to the Bavarian Forest railway ("Bayerische Waldbahn") from Plattling to Bayerisch Eisenstein, built by the Bavarian Ostbahn and opened on 16 September 1877, as well as the line to Bodenmais opened on 3 September 1928.
On the line are three stations - Zwiesel, Frauenau and Spiegelau, of which only Zwiesel station is manned - and five small request stops as well as the terminus of Grafenau.
History.
An early plan to extend the line as far as Freyung and the "Ilztalbahn" with its connexion to Passau was stopped by opposition by the town of Grafenau for a railway route via Riedlhütte and St. Oswald with a station on the "Schwaimberg". This promised a higher return as a result of having a station in the vicinity of the town centre. So the line was routed via the town of Grafenau with two halts at Grossarmschlag and Rosenau to the terminus. Subsequent plans to extend the line to Fürstenstein, in order to achieve a connexion to Passau that way, were also dropped. 
In the beginning two Bavarian D X tank locomotives worked the line. Only two days after the line opened, however, one of these two engines fell down the embankment just before Grafenau; fortunately no-one was injured.
From 1930 to 1960 the privately run Zwieselau Forest Railway terminated in Zwieselau station. This large network of 600-mm narrow gauge track was worked by steam and diesel locomotives that transported logs to the standard railway network. Its loading tracks have long since been lifted by the DB. The former log loading station at Klingenbrunn with its extensive trackage and a connexion to the 600 mm Spiegelau Forest Railway ("Spiegelauer Waldbahn") has been reduced today to just one track and classified as a halt ("Haltepunkt").
In 1953 a connexion was temporarily established (until 1956) to Freyung with a road-rail omnibus. In the second half of the 20th century passenger services were provided by Uerdingen railbuses; initially the VT 95 and later the VT 98. In the 1980s discussions again took place about closing the route. Around 1990 the successors to the railbuses, the DB Class V 100s pushed or pulled one or two branch line coaches with driving cars.
On 24 May 1993 the "Regentalbahn" took over timetabled services on the route with their Esslingen railbuses under contract from "DB-Regio Bayern". For a short time rebuilt VT 09 and VT 10 diesel railcars (formerly DB Class ETA 150), were used here. Since the beginning of 1997 the link has been worked by modern Regio-Shuttle rakes. Goods traffic came to an end on 1 October 1994.
Current Situation.
After the line had been thoroughly refurbished in 2002 at a cost of 9.6 million euros, a two-hourly timetable was introduced in 2003 with a journey time of 50 minutes. In summer 2007 the 4.7 km long section of the route between Zwiesel and Zwieselau was completely replaced for 2.3 million euros. In October and November 2008 a further 2.9 km between the stations of Frauenau and Spiegelau was renewed.
Currently Grafenau station is being worked on. The track layout is being shortened as part of a redesign of the station site. The bus station on the station forecourt is being completely rebuilt and the storage sheds in the immediate vicinity of the station are being torn down. These are no longer required since the cessation of goods services in 1994. On these areas a shopping centre and car park is being built. The town of Grafenau and the rural county of Freyung-Grafenau have invested a total of 1.3 million euros in this conversion, which also includes re-routing the roads. In summer 2008 the construction of a new platform was begun, which is east of the present one at the end of the line opposite the bus stop. This will enable a shorter connexion between bus and railway and a barrier-free access to public transport facilities.
Efforts are being made to increase the frequency of rail services to once an hour. Today you can only travel between the times when the train runs on certain buses, in which railway tickets are accepted. In order to enable hourly rail services, however, significant work would be required. The route would have to be upgraded to take faster trains, safety equipment would have to be installed and a crossing point established. The owner of the line, "DB Netz AG", has said it is only prepared to do this if the route has permanent safety measures and an order has been secured through the "Bayerische Eisenbahngesellschaft". The idea is to enable trains to cross at Spiegelau station, so that, unlike a crossing at the centre of the line in Klingenbrunn, the journey time can be speeded up by several minutes without extending waiting times for connexions at the hub in Zwiesel.

</doc>
<doc id="20362267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362267" title="Aleksandr Degtyarev">
Aleksandr Degtyarev

Aleksandr Degtyarev (born March 26, 1955) is a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the 1970s. He won a gold medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.
Degtyarev also won a silver in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1974 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="20362268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362268" title="Georg Michael Telemann">
Georg Michael Telemann

Georg Michael Telemann (20 April 1748 – 4 March 1831) was a German composer and theologian. 
Telemann was born in Plön, a grandson of the better-known Georg Philipp Telemann. He is mainly known for the church music he wrote. He died in Riga.

</doc>
<doc id="20362288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362288" title="Poor Boy (The Greenwood)">
Poor Boy (The Greenwood)

"Poor Boy (The Greenwood)" is a song written by Jeff Lynne and the Electric Light Orchestra (ELO).
The song is track number 5 from their 1974 album "Eldorado" and tells the story of the Dreamer on the hill fantasising he is one of Robin Hood's merry men, this forms the fourth dream.
""A Robin Hood type character who actually maid Marion.""
Jeff Lynne (2001 - Eldorado Remaster)
It was released as the second single A-side from Eldorado in The Netherlands, but failed to chart.
The song was used as the B-side for "Telephone Line" in the US, and in the UK the song was joined with "King of the Universe" on the flip side.
The version performed on their concert film, "Fusion – Live in London." uses the last couple of seconds, 2:27 - 2:57, reprise of "Eldorado Overture", as used for the ending of side 1 of the album.

</doc>
<doc id="20362317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362317" title="The Gates of Aulis">
The Gates of Aulis

The Gates of Aulis is the first novel by the American writer Gladys Schmitt (1909–1972) set a fictional version of 1940s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The novel tells the story of Carl Hasselmann and his sister Ellie, provincial, supersensitive Americans who wrestle with existential questions.

</doc>
<doc id="20362344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362344" title="Sapacitabine">
Sapacitabine

Sapacitabine is a drug undergoing research for potential use in chemotherapy.
Sapacitabine is an oral nucleoside analog prodrug that acts through a dual mechanism. The compound interferes with DNA synthesis by causing single-strand DNA breaks and induces arrest of the cell division cycle at G2 phase.
Both sapacitabine and its major metabolite, CNDAC, have demonstrated potent anti-tumor activity in both blood and solid tumors in preclinical studies. In a liver metastatic mouse model, sapacitabine was shown to be superior to gemcitabine (Gemzar; Lilly) or 5-FU, two widely used nucleoside analogs, in delaying the onset and growth of liver metastasis.
Clinical trials.
Cyclacel has initiated a number of clinical trials to evaluate sapacitabine in both solid and hematological tumors laying the foundation for future Phase 2 studies and combination studies with other anti-cancer agents. Three Phase 1 studies have been completed, which evaluated safety and pharmacokinetics of a variety of dosing schedules in approximately 120 patients with solid tumors. 
Sapacitabine is currently being evaluated in two Phase 2 trials in patients with advanced cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL) and in elderly patients with acute myeloid leukemias (AML).

</doc>
<doc id="20362350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362350" title="GWR 4200 Class 4277">
GWR 4200 Class 4277

Great Western Railway (GWR) 4200 Class No. 4277 is a preserved British steam locomotive. In preservation it has carried the name Hercules.
Service.
No. 4277 was built at the GWR's Swindon Works in 1920, Works No. 2857. It was painted in unlined green livery with "Great Western" on the tank sides. From 1934 a round GWR logo replaced the lettering, and this in turn was replaced in 1942 by the letters "G W R". In 1948 the locomotive passed into British Railways (BR) ownership and was given the power classification 7F. In BR ownership the livery was unlined black. It spent most of her working life in South Wales on freight trains and was withdrawn in 1964 from Aberbeeg Shed (BR shed code 86H).
Preservation.
4277 was moved to Woodham Brothers scrapyard in Barry, Glamorgan shortly after withdrawal and remained there for 20 years until 1986 when it was privately purchased.
In 2008 it was sold to the Dartmouth Steam Railway. The locomotive was then painted in lined GWR Brunswick Green livery. On 1 August 2008 it was named "Hercules", the nameplates being located on the smokebox. The nameplates are historically inauthentic for this locomotive.
The name "Hercules" was carried by two GWR locomotives, a broad gauge locomotive of the Hercules Class and the later 3031 Class No. 3043.

</doc>
<doc id="20362352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362352" title="Jorge Alberto Lozano">
Jorge Alberto Lozano

Jorge Alberto Lozano (born 19 June 1978) is a Honduran football midfielder who currently plays for Vida in the Honduran football league.
Club career.
Nicknamed "el Tata", Lozano made his professional debut for Motagua in a 7-1 over Independiente Villela. Future international goalkeeper Noel Valladares also made his pro debut in that match. He also played for Hispano, Atlético Olanchano and Deportes Savio before joining Vida.
In 2008, while at Savio, he scored goal number 15,000 in the history of the Honduran football league.
Personal life.
He married Ángela on 15 March 2001. On 20 May 2002, their daughter was born, but she died on 20 September 2005 in an accident with a truck alongside Lozano's mother. Lozano's was injured in the accident himself.

</doc>
<doc id="20362353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362353" title="Karol G. Ross">
Karol G. Ross

Dr. Karol Girdler Ross (born July 17, 1952 in North Carolina) is a leading scientist in decision-making research. She received her Ph.D. in Experiemental Psychology from the University of Tennessee and is now a Chief Scientist for Cognitive Performance Group of Florida and a Research Psychologist at the Institute for Simulation and Training (IST) at the University of Central Florida. She is currently serving a two-year appointment on the U.S. Army TRADOC Distance Learning Training Technology Subcommittee of The Army Distributed Learning Program and serves on the Defense Regional and Cultural Capabilities Assessment Working Group-Learning Objectives Subgroup. She has conducted research and development for the US Army, the USMC, the US Air Force and the Office of Naval Research. Currently at IST, she provides Senior Scientist oversight for the USMC R&D Program for Cognitive Skills Training for IED Defeat. Her work currently deals with the oversight of extensive cognitive task analysis of IED Defeat performance, the development and evaluation of performance metrics, multiple training interventions, training effectiveness evaluation, and modeling of cross cultural competence.

</doc>
<doc id="20362358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362358" title="Prednimustine">
Prednimustine

Prednimustine is a drug used in chemotherapy. It is the ester formed from two other drugs, prednisolone and chlorambucil.
It can be associated with myoclonus.

</doc>
<doc id="20362367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362367" title="Lucie Skeaping">
Lucie Skeaping

Lucie Skeaping (née Finch) is a British singer, instrumentalist, broadcaster and writer. She was a founder of the early music group the City Waites and the pioneering klezmer band The Burning Bush. She presenters BBC Radio 3's "Early Music Show", a weekly programme dedicated to the early music repertoire.
Born in London, the daughter of GP Dr Bernard Finch and the sculptor Patricia Finch, Skeaping studied at the Henrietta Barnett School, the Arts Educational School and King Alfred School before she began her training at the Royal College of Music as a violinist (with Sylvia Rosenberg) and singer (with Helga Mott), later studying the lute (with Diana Poulton) and the viol. After graduation she formed The City Waites, a four-piece group specialising in the broadside ballads of 17th-century England.
During the 1980s, Skeaping worked as a children's television presenter for BBC programmes including "Play School", "The Music Arcade" for BBC Schools (alongside Tim Whitnall), "Take Two", and, for Channel 4, the long-running 'Make Music Fun'. As a member of the Michael Nyman Band, she appeared in Peter Greenaway's 1980 mock documentary "The Falls", as subject #74, Pollie Fallory, and in Gavin Bryars' Irma. After several years performing with the proto-feminist band The Sadista Sisters, she returned to early music working with the City Waites, the Consort of Musick, the Martin Best Ensemble and the English Consort of Viols before forming her own band The Burning Bush in order to explore her own Jewish roots.
Skeaping is a specialist exponent of the English broadside ballad repertoire and the popular dance tunes to which they were sung, also playing baroque violin, fiddle and rebec. Her involvement with this often profane repertoire led to "The Daily Telegraph" describing her as "the bawdy babe of Radio 3".
As a solo artist and with her groups she has toured extensively and made recordings for Saydisc, Hyperion, ARC Music International, Regis, EMI and Decca (details at www.lucieskeaping.co.uk/cds.htm). Collaborations with other performers, broadcasters, theatre companies, historians and film-makers include Royal National Theatre, Jools Holland, Rambert Dance Company, Regents Park Open Air Theatre, Simon Schama, Waldermar Januszczak, Michael Nyman, Shakespeare's Globe, RSC, John Harle, Dominic Muldowney Ken Dodd and Roman Polanski.
Skeaping has written and presented numerous music-documentaries for BBC radio on subjects including Samuel Pepys, ballad opera, Henry VIII and the Mary Rose, the Dolmetsch family, the history of the Sephardi Jews, Nell Gywnne and the Restoration, and broadside ballads.
She is author of "Broadside Ballads" (Faber Music 2006)winner of the Music Industry Association Award for Best Classical Music Book 2006; "Let's Make Tudor Music" (Stainer and Bell 1999)[http://www.stainer.co.uk/tudormusic.html, runner-up TES Best Primary schools music Book; and the recorder anthology "Who gave thee thy Jolly Red Nose" (Peacock Press 2008). She has contributed articles to the "BBC Music Magazine", "Early Music Today", "BBC History Magazine", "History Today", "Financial Times" and others. Her book (with co-author Roger Clegg), "Singing Simpkin and other Bawdy Jigs: Musical Comedy on the Shakespearean Stage"[http://www.exeterpress.co.uk/en/Book/10/553/Singing_Simpkin_and_other_Bawdy_Jigs.html] is published by the University of Exeter Press in spring 2014.
Skeaping is Ambassador and a member of the judging panel for 'Live Music Now' (promoting young performers), Patron of the Finchley Children’s Music Group, a member of the Samuel Pepys Club.

</doc>
<doc id="20362376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362376" title="Triaziquone">
Triaziquone

Triaziquone is a drug used in chemotherapy.
It is an alkylating agent. It can react with DNA to form intrastrand crosslinks.

</doc>
<doc id="20362387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362387" title="Franks Report (1957)">
Franks Report (1957)

The Franks Report of 1957 was issued by a British committee of inquiry chaired by Sir Oliver Franks in respect of growing concerns as to the range and diversity of tribunals, uncertainty about the procedures they followed and worry over lack of cohesion and supervision. The catalyst for this was the Crichel Down Affair. However, this was a result of a decision by the British Government and the Franks committee was told to limit its discussion to formal statutory procedure and not to go into decisions of the courts or one-off decisions, which excluded the "Crichel" decision.
Basic assumptions of the report.
Tribunals are an adjudicating, rather than administrative, body and they should be fair, open and impartial. Openness is for publicity of proceedings and the reasoning behind the decision. Fairness through having a clear procedure, allowing participants to present their case fully and knowledge of requirements to meet for parties. Impartiality established from independence from the real or apparent influence of the administration.
Aims and recommendations.
Constitution of tribunals.
Chairman to be chosen by the Lord Chancellor, normally having legal qualifications for trial and mandatory for appellate tribunals. Rest of members to be chosen by the Council of Tribunals.
Procedure of tribunals.
The Council of Tribunals should direct the particular procedure in each case, with the aim of combining order with an informal atmosphere. Citizens should have a prior knowledge of the right to apply to participate and public knowledge of the proceedings unless the content is of sensitive nature, with legal representation normally allowed. Tribunals empowered to take evidence under oath, subpoena witnesses and award remedies. Decisions should give full reasons and a copy sent to all parties. Final appellate tribunal to publish its decision for lower tribunals. 
Appeals from tribunal decisions.
Appeal in the first instance should be to an appellate tribunal, but never to a minister unless the First Instance tribunal is highly competent. Common law remedies of Certiorari (direction to send records), mandamus (mandatory order) and writ of prohibition (abstain a court where it lacks competence) should never be restricted. Also the report recommended that a Councils of Tribunals be formed to perform their respective role as envisaged in the report. 
Achievements.
Most of the recommendations were implemented by the Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1958 and Tribunals and Inquiries Act 1992; others were implemented by administrative practice.
Working and number council of tribunal was mentioned in the schedules, with their function being advisory, but they could make recommendations on any matter and had to be consulted before any rule was enacted.
Right to give reasons was added, but it had to be asked for before or during the decision, and judicial review restricted the right in a few instances. List of tribunals could be stopped by ministerial power.
The report’s recommendations were not followed where appeals to the High Court (Court of Session in Scotland) were only permitted based on law and the procedure to appoint chairman and members.

</doc>
<doc id="20362391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362391" title="A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court (1921 film)">
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court (1921 film)

"A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court" is a 1921 American silent film adaptation of Mark Twain's 1889 novel "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court". The film was produced by the Fox Film Corporation (later 20th Century Fox) and directed by Emmett J. Flynn based on a screenplay by Bernard McConville. It is notable as the first film adaptation of Twain's novel and as the first film about time travel to the past.
The film stars Harry Myers as the titular Yankee Martin Cavendish. After reading Twain's novel, Cavendish dreams that he, like Twain's protagonist Henry Morgan, is transported back to the time of King Arthur (Charles Clary), where he must use modern know-how to outwit the king's foes Morgan le Fay (Rosemary Theby) and Merlin (William V. Mong). The screenplay modernizes the novel with many contemporary references, including mentions of Ford Model Ts, the Volstead Act, and the Battle of the Argonne Forest. The film was popular, and its success likely encouraged Fox to produce the later sound film adaptation of the novel, "A Connecticut Yankee". According to author Barbara Leaming, the film's hanging scene inspired Tom Hepburn, brother of Katharine Hepburn, to commit suicide in 1921.
According to silentera.com, only reels 2, 4 and 7 survive. Likewise the Library of Congress silent film database has the film incomplete. 
Reception.
The film was the seventh biggest hit of 1922 in the US and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20362392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362392" title="José María Esteban">
José María Esteban

José María Esteban (born May 27, 1954) is a Spanish sprint canoer who competed in the mid to late 1970s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Montreal in 1976.
Esteban also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-4 1000 m: 1975), a silver (K-4 500 m: 1978), and two bronzes (K-4 1000 m: 1977, 1978).

</doc>
<doc id="20362394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362394" title="Carboquone">
Carboquone

Carboquone is a drug used in chemotherapy.

</doc>
<doc id="20362397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362397" title="Marienhof (TV series)">
Marienhof (TV series)

Marienhof is a German soap opera, first shown on October 1, 1992 on German TV channel, Das Erste. It started as a weekly series, before becoming a daily program on January 2, 1995. The show was canceled in February 2011 and aired its last episode on June 15, 2011. In the 90s, the "Marienhof" became a huge success in Finland and remained a fan favorite until it was canceled to license problems.
Over the years, the show became known for tackling several social issues, such as homosexuality, homelessness, private bankruptcy, rape, drug abuse, AIDS, child abuse, suicide, cancer, adultery and murder. The show focuses on the everyday life of the residents of the "Marienhof", a fictional suburb in Cologne.
Background.
Marienhof is produced by Bavaria Fernsehproduktion GmbH in Munich. The series is set in another German city, Cologne. The first 52 episodes of the show were 45 minutes long and were shown every Tuesday and Thursday but from episode 53 onwards, this was shortened to 25 minutes. Currently the show is aired every weekday at 18:25 on Das Erste. On January 2, 1995, Marienhof was joined by Verbotene Liebe in the daily soaps schedule in Germany. The show has produced over 3,400 episodes and has starred 100 major actors, 4,000 minor actors and about 5,000 guest stars. In the show, there have been 25 weddings, 48 deaths and 13 births.
The theme tune of Marienhof is the song "Es wird viel passieren" by S.O.S..
Settings.
A fictional Cologne suburb, with businesses and shops like any normal suburb. Settings include a shopping mall, cafes, a secondary school, a discotheque and the houses of the different characters. The characters include local businessmen, students, housewives and teachers.

</doc>
<doc id="20362398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362398" title="Mycologia">
Mycologia

Mycologia is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes papers on all aspects of the fungi, including lichens. It first appeared as a bimonthly journal in January 1909, published by the New York Botanical Garden under the editorship of William Murrill. It became the official journal of the Mycological Society of America, which still publishes it today. It was formed as a continuation of the "Journal of Mycology" (14 volumes; 1885–1908) and the "Mycologial Bulletin" (6 volumes in 87 issues; Mar. 7, 1903-Mar. 1908).
Editors-in-chief.
The following persons have been editor-in-chief of the journal:

</doc>
<doc id="20362408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362408" title="Semustine">
Semustine

Semustine is a drug used in chemotherapy.
It is structurally similar to lomustine, being distinguished from it only by an additional methyl group. It has been taken off the drug market for investigation of its cancerous effects, rated as IARC Group 1 carcinogen or a known carcinogen.

</doc>
<doc id="20362424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362424" title="Atlético Valdemoro">
Atlético Valdemoro

Club Atlético Valdemoro is a Spanish football club based in Valdemoro, in the autonomous community of Madrid. Founded in 1966, it currently plays in "Primera de Aficionados", holding home games at "Estadio Municipal de Valdemoro", with a capacity for 3,000 spectators.
History.
"Atlético Valdemoro"' was founded in 1966 under the name "Agrupación Deportiva Valdemoro". It spent its entire existence fluctuating between Tercera División and the regional leagues, appearing in the Segunda División B promotion playoffs in 1990–91.
In the Copa del Rey, Valdemoro played against the likes of Real Betis and Atlético de Madrid, both in the 80s.

</doc>
<doc id="20362427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362427" title="Etoglucid">
Etoglucid

Etoglucid is a drug used in chemotherapy.

</doc>
<doc id="20362435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362435" title="List of sofers">
List of sofers

A List of sofers, (or the female "soferet").

</doc>
<doc id="20362436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362436" title="José Ramón López">
José Ramón López

José Ramón López (born November 22, 1950) is a Spanish sprint canoer who competed in the mid to late 1970s. He won a silver medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.
López also won six medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-4 1000 m: 1975), a silver (K-4 500 m: 1978), and four bronzes (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1975, K-4 500 m: 1977, K-4 1000 m: 1977, 1978).

</doc>
<doc id="20362442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362442" title="Oscar Fortín">
Oscar Fortín

Oscar Arnulfo Fortín Midence (born 25 June 1980) is a Honduran football defender who plays for Deportes Savio.
Club career.
Fortín played for Vida, but left them to join Deportes Savio before the 2011 Apertura season. He later won a court case against Vida for unilateral termination of contract.
International career.
Fortín played for Honduras at the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship in Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="20362446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362446" title="Murali Coryell">
Murali Coryell

Murali Coryell (born October 27, 1969) is an American blues guitarist and singer. Best known for performing live in small venues in New York State, Coryell has also opened for George Thorogood, Gregg Allman, B.B. King and Wilson Pickett. While touring the United States, he uses local session musicians for his performances rather than traveling with a regular backing band.
Background.
Murali Coryell was born to Julie Coryell and famed jazz fusion guitarist Larry Coryell. Murali's first interest was in playing the drums but, in a move he calls "inevitable", he switched to guitar at a young age. Wanting to avoid competition with his father and his brother, Julian, he perfected his own more mainstream style of soul and blues which draws comparisons to Jimi Hendrix and Carlos Santana. Others have likened his style to the Memphis soul produced by labels such as Hi and Stax Records.
Coryell graduated from Staples High School in Westport, Connecticut, in 1987. He received a BA in music theory and composition from the SUNY New Paltz Music Department in 1992.
The title of his seond album "2120" was a reference to 2120 Michigan Avenue, the address of now-defunct R&B record label Chess Records. Coryell's maternal grandmother was the actress Carol Bruce.

</doc>
<doc id="20362448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362448" title="Demecolcine">
Demecolcine

Demecolcine, also known as colcemid, is a drug used in chemotherapy.It is closely related to the natural alkaloid colchicine with the replacement of the acetyl group on the amino moiety with methyl, but it is less toxic. It depolymerises microtubules and limits microtubule formation (inactivates spindle fibre formation), thus arresting cells in metaphase and allowing cell harvest and karyotyping to be performed.
During cell division Demecolcine inhibits mitosis at metaphase by inhibiting spindle formation. Medically Demecolcine has been used to improve the results of cancer radiotherapy by synchronising tumour cells at metaphase, the radiosensitive stage of the cell cycle. 
In animal cloning procedures Demecolcine makes an ovum eject its nucleus, creating space for insertion of a new nucleus.
Mechanism of Action.
Demecolcine is a microtubule-depolymerizing drug like vinblastine. It acts by two distinct mechanisms. At very low concentration it binds to microtubule plus end to suppress microtubule dynamics. Recent study has found at higher concentration colcemid can promote microtubule detachment from microtubule organizing center. Detached microtubules with unprotected minus end depolymerizes with time. Cytotoxicity of the cells seems to correlate better with microtubule detachment. Lower concentration affects microtubule dynamics and cell migration.

</doc>
<doc id="20362451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362451" title="Brockton Brightfield">
Brockton Brightfield

Brockton Brightfield in Brockton, Massachusetts is one of the largest solar power plants in New England. Consisting of 1,395 photovoltaic panels on a site, it has a maximum output of 425 kilowatts. It was officially opened on October 26, 2006, on the site of the former Brockton Gas Works.
The site is said to be the largest "brightfield" in the U.S. "Brightfield" is a term for an abandoned industrial site that has been turned into a solar-power facility. It is a blend of the words "bright" and "brownfield", the latter referring to abandoned, often polluted, industrial sites that have been redeveloped. 
It was the largest photovoltaic site in New England for several years, but was surpassed by several utility-owned sites in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20362464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362464" title="Lonidamine">
Lonidamine

Lonidamine is a derivative of indazole-3-carboxylic acid, which for a long time, has been known to inhibit aerobic glycolysis in cancer cells. It seems to enhance aerobic glycolysis in normal cells, but suppress glycolysis in cancer cells. This is most likely through the inhibition of the mitochondrially bound hexokinase. Later studies in Ehrlich ascites tumor cells showed that lonidamine inhibits both respiration and glycolysis leading to a decrease in cellular ATP.
Clinical trials of lonidamine in combination with other anticancer agents for a variety of cancers has begun. This is due to its proven ability to inhibit energy metabolism in cancer cells, and to enhance the activity of anticancer agents.
Lonidamine has been used in the treatment of brain tumours in combination with radiotherapy and temozolomide. Results showed that a combination of temozolomide and lonidamine at clinically achievable, low plasma concentrations, could inhibit tumour growth, and lonidamine could reduce the dose of temozolomide required for radiosensitization of brain tumours.
A derivative of lonidamine, gamendazole, is in testing as a possible male contraceptive pill.

</doc>
<doc id="20362468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362468" title="List of people associated with Penarth">
List of people associated with Penarth

The following is a list of prominent and notable people associated with the town of Penarth in South Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="20362480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362480" title="Johny Galdámez">
Johny Galdámez

Johny Alexander Galdámez García (born September 7, 1980) is a Honduran football defender
, who currently plays for Deportes Savio in the Honduran National League.
Club career.
Galdámez joined Platense before the 2013 Clausura season.

</doc>
<doc id="20362484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362484" title="Mitoguazone">
Mitoguazone

Mitoguazone (also known as methylglyoxal bis(guanylhydrazone) or MGBG) is a drug used in chemotherapy.

</doc>
<doc id="20362510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362510" title="Bernd Duvigneau">
Bernd Duvigneau

Bernd Duvigneau (born December 3, 1955 in Magdeburg) is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two medals in the K-4 1000 m event with a gold in 1980 and a bronze in 1976.
Duvigneau also won five gold medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships, earning them in the K-4 500 m (1978, 1979) and the K-4 1000 m (1974, 1978, 1979) events.

</doc>
<doc id="20362511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362511" title="Mario Padilla">
Mario Padilla

Mario Alexander Padilla Aguilar (born 8 December 1985) is a Honduran football defender currently playing for Deportes Savio in the Honduran Liga Nacional.
Club career.
Padilla was set to return to Savio for the 2012 Clausura season but was in the end snapped up by Platense. He did return to Savio for the 2012 Apertura.

</doc>
<doc id="20362532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362532" title="Triethylenemelamine">
Triethylenemelamine

Triethylenemelamine (a.k.a Tretamine) is a drug used in chemotherapy.
It can cause chromatid aberrations in cell models.

</doc>
<doc id="20362545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362545" title="Bulgarian property bubble">
Bulgarian property bubble

There were rumors and speculations regarding the existence of a property bubble in Bulgaria since at least 2006, however many interested parties (especially banks) tended to discredit such a possibility. Most of all, since the property bubble has been the driving force in GDP growth in Bulgaria most players in the market, including government have been satisfied with the situation. 
Dynamics.
Provided that growth in GDP continued and that property prices had been sustained during the Financial crisis, there was a possibility that the growth of the bubble would return in late 2009, or early 2010. However since October, 2008 there has been sharp drop in the real estate market, including but not limited to:
Among other reasons the current property bubble burst, there is the factor of increased interest rates and bank requirements to provide mortgages, which were part of the reason why the previous conditions of late 2005 and early 2006 had provided for easy access to loans for many Bulgarians.
It may be accurate to say that the beginning of the bubble burst occurred somewhere around July-August 2008, however the visible tipping point is October 2008. Analyzing several different sources, including media, several online portals and property experts, the burst was long expected, and the Global Financial crisis was only the catalyst of events, since most financial institutions in Bulgaria are foreign investments.
The contribution of foreign investment to the Bulgarian property market has been significant. In 2006, more than 29% of property deals were signed by foreigners, more than half of whom were UK citizens. Various companies, such as Bulgarian Dreams, actively marketed Bulgarian properties to buyers overseas.

</doc>
<doc id="20362546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362546" title="Larotaxel">
Larotaxel

Larotaxel is a drug of the taxane type, used in chemotherapy.

</doc>
<doc id="20362562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362562" title="Ortataxel">
Ortataxel

Ortataxel is a drug used in chemotherapy.
, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals has the drug is in a Phase 2 clinical trial. 

</doc>
<doc id="20362569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362569" title="Bahram Akasheh">
Bahram Akasheh

Bahram Akasheh (born 1936) is an Iranian geophysicist and seismologist and Professor of Geophysics at Tehran University. He is considered one of Iran's leading experts on earthquakes and seismic activity.
Dr. Akasheh has done much work in Iran to encourage scientific research and study into earthquakes and possible mitigation measures as a response. He is a strong advocate of urban development which is coordinated with the tight regulations imposed in the 1989 seismic code in Iran by the International Institute of Earthquake Engineering and Seismology. He has also expressed a disagreement and disapproval with the notion in Iran that natural disasters are God given and has stressed the importance of science and technology and the extent to which the effects of a potential disaster can be curbed. According to Akasheh, "Earthquake education is very poor in Iran. Most people think that whatever God wills, will happen. This is absolutely wrong. This thinking is poisonous". 
Akasheh has been one of the foremost proponents for moving the Iranian capital of Tehran to Isfahan because of a distinct threat from a devastating earthquake. According to Akasheh's calculations, there is a 90 percent chance of a 6.0-magnitude quake hitting the capital and a 50 percent chance of 7.5-magnitude earthquake. The vast majority of buildings in Tehran are located on the convergence of some 100 known fault lines which in its present architectural form are incapable of withstanding even a moderate earthquake. A hypothesis presented by Akasheh indicates that a 6.8 quake in Tehran would kill more than 700,000 people. According to Akasheh, "Tehran must be rebuilt; if not it should be moved. Either we have to put up with millions of dead, millions of injured, or we need to move the capital somewhere else and take steps to decrease the population here and make Tehran more resistant to earthquakes." Following the serious damage caused by the 2003 Bam earthquake, Akasheh wrote to the President of Iran, Mohammed Khatami, in 2004 requesting a move of the capital to Isfahan which had been the nation's main centre during the Persian Empire.
He is dean of Engineering faculty of Islamic Azad University North Tehran Branch. He also has been head of geophysics department of this university since 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20362575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362575" title="Brucato">
Brucato

Brucato is an Italian surname. It is relatively uncommon in modern Italy, having been identified among only 133 citizens and ranking as the 27,322nd most common surname in the nation. It is equally scarce in the United States, appearing 825 times in the 2000 Census and ranking #27,496.
In modern Italian, "brucato" is the past participle of the verb "brucare", which means "to graze" or "to nibble."

</doc>
<doc id="20362577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362577" title="Tesetaxel">
Tesetaxel

Tesetaxel (DJ-927) is a drug being investigated for chemotherapy of various types of cancer, including breast cancer, gastric cancer, and other solid tumours.

</doc>
<doc id="20362583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362583" title="Viaggio Italiano">
Viaggio Italiano

Viaggio Italiano is Andrea Bocelli's third studio album and first classical album.
The album features some of the most popular opera arias and Neapolitan songs of all time, such as Nessun Dorma, O Sole Mio and la Donna è Mobile. Although released only in Italy in 1996, it sold close to 300,000 copies. Bocelli later received the ECHO Klassik "Best seller of the year" award for the album, after its international release, in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20362596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362596" title="Belotecan">
Belotecan

Belotecan is a drug used in chemotherapy. It is a semi-synthetic camptothecin analogue with potential antitumor activity. Belotecan binds to and inhibits the activity of topoisomerase I, stabilizing the cleavable complex of topoisomerase I-DNA, which inhibits the religation of single-stranded DNA breaks generated by topoisomerase I; lethal double-stranded DNA breaks occur when the topoisomerase I-DNA complex is encountered by the DNA replication machinery, DNA replication is disrupted, and the tumor cell undergoes apoptosis. Topoisomerase I is an enzyme that mediates reversible single-strand breaks in DNA during DNA replication.

</doc>
<doc id="20362603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362603" title="2008 China Open Super Series">
2008 China Open Super Series

The 2008 China Open Super Series is the twelfth tournament of the 2008 BWF Super Series in badminton. It was held in Shanghai, China from November 18 to November 23, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20362604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362604" title="Frank-Peter Bischof">
Frank-Peter Bischof

Frank-Peter Bischof (sometimes listed as Frank Bischof or Peter Bischof, born August 20, 1954 in Forst) is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Montreal in 1976.
Bischof also won five medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with two golds (K-4 500 m: 1978, K-4 1000 m: 1981), two silvers (K-4 500 m and K-4 1000 m: both 1982), and a bronze (K-4 500 m: 1981).
His wife, Martina, won the gold in the women's K-2 500 m event at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="20362616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362616" title="Elesclomol">
Elesclomol

Elesclomol (INN, codenamed STA-4783) is a drug that triggers apoptosis (programmed cell death) in cancer cells. It is being developed by Synta Pharmaceuticals and GlaxoSmithKline as a chemotherapy adjuvant, and has received both fast track and orphan drug status from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of metastatic melanoma. Synta Pharmaceuticals announced on February 26, 2009 the suspension of all clinical trials involving Elesclomol due to safety concerns. In March 2010, Synta announced that the FDA had approved resuming clinical development of elesclomol, and that they expected to initiate one or more clinical trials for elesclomol in the second half of the year. 
In a small, randomized phase II study, elesclomol was shown to significantly increase progression-free survival in people with metastatic melanoma when given in addition to paclitaxel (Taxol).
Mechanism of action.
Elesclomol induces oxidative stress by provoking a buildup of reactive oxygen species within cancer cells. Elesclomol requires a redox active metal ion to function. The Cu(II) complex is 34 times more potent than the Ni(II) complex and 1040-fold more potent than the Pt(II) complex. <ref>

</doc>
<doc id="20362617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362617" title="Susan Brady">
Susan Brady

Susan Brady may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20362636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362636" title="Elsamitrucin">
Elsamitrucin

Elsamitrucin (elsamicin A) is a drug used in chemotherapy. Elsamitrucin is chemically related to chartreusin.

</doc>
<doc id="20362641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362641" title="When the Deer Wore Blue">
When the Deer Wore Blue

When The Deer Wore Blue is an album by Figurines, released in 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="20362648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362648" title="Lucanthone">
Lucanthone

Lucanthone is a drug used in chemotherapy. It is a prodrug and is converted to an active metabolite "hycanthone".
Mechanism of action.
Hycanthone binds to acetylcholine receptors in the worm and results in increased sensitivity to stimulation by 5-HT causing increase in motility, paired worms are separated and reproduction is stopped. It cause damage of the integument and vitelline duct.

</doc>
<doc id="20362657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362657" title="Jürgen Lehnert">
Jürgen Lehnert

Jürgen Lehnert (born November 2, 1954) is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the mid to late 1970s. He won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.
Lehnert also won two medals in the K-4 1000 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold in 1974 and a bronze in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20362684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362684" title="Yiannis Koskiniatis">
Yiannis Koskiniatis

Giannis Koskiniatis (29 August 1983 – 29 October 2008) was a Greek footballer who played for Diagoras F.C. He played 61 games and scored 4 goals for the team.
Career.
Koskiniatis made 61 Gamma Ethniki appearances for Diagoras, scoring four goals and helping the club win promotion to the Beta Ethniki for the 2008–09 season. However, he did not play the following season due to a leg injury was dropped for a game against Olympiakos after he returned from injury. Koskiniatis went missing around midday, he drove his motobike to the top of a cliff. He left a suicide note at the top of the cliff saying “Being left out of the squad was a great injustice. I cannot take it any more.” Koskiniatis then jumped off the cliff and committed suicide. Diagoras lost the game 3:2.
It is reported that the team had sent him for psychological help.

</doc>
<doc id="20362697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362697" title="Miles O'Connor">
Miles O'Connor

Miles O'Connor (born 20 April 1982 in Mississauga, Ontario) is a Canadian soccer player who currently plays for AAC of Toronto.
Career.
He previously played for Italia Shooters, Brampton Lions and in Belgium for RRFC Montegnée.
International.
He is a former member of the Canada U-20 men's national soccer team and scored in 6 games, one goal.
Coaching.
O'Connor leads Step Up Soccer Summer Camp in Mississauga, which coached youth talents and the U-18 B of Mississauga SC.

</doc>
<doc id="20362705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362705" title="Billy Joe Camp">
Billy Joe Camp

Billy Joe Camp was elected Alabama's 48th secretary of state in November 1990 and served from January 1991 until 1993.
A Democrat, he had previously served as a commissioner on the Alabama Public Service Commission and as a gubernatorial press secretary as well as State Development Officer. In 1986 he ran for governor of the state.
Camp is an alumnus of the University of North Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="20362707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362707" title="Taklung Ma Rinpoche">
Taklung Ma Rinpoche

Tenzin Kunzang Jigme Rinpoche, the seventh Taklung Ma Rinpoche, was born in 1977 to Ngawang Tendar and Deden Zangmo. 
In 1987, the 14th Dalai Lama formally recognized him as the reincarnation of the sixth Taklung Matul Thupten Jigme Choechog Rinpoche. He spent a few years in Namgyal Monastery studying Buddhist philosophy and practice. In 1991 he entered the Institute of Buddhist Dialectics, Dharamsala to learn both the Sutra and Tantra teachings of the Lord Buddha and completed his studies in 2003. 
Having finished his Buddhist studies, he moved to Manali, Kulu, in Himachal Pradesh. Since there is no monastic seat of the Taklung Kagyu tradition in India, the Taklung Kagyu Rinpoches are jointly working for its establishment.

</doc>
<doc id="20362708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362708" title="William Auld Tait">
William Auld Tait

William Auld Tait (1826 - February 3, 1900) was a Canadian pioneer and politician. He served as a member of the Temporary North-West Council from March 26, 1874 to November 7, 1876.

</doc>
<doc id="20362748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362748" title="Harald Marg">
Harald Marg

Harald Marg (born 26 September 1954) is an East German sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1970s to the mid-1980s. At the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, he won the gold medal in the K-4 1000 m event.
Marg also won thirteen medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with six golds (K-4 500 m: 1978, 1979, 1983; K-4 1000 m: 1978, 1979, 1981), five silvers (K-2 500 m: 1975, K-4 500 m: 1982, K-4 1000 m: 1975, 1982, 1983), and two bronzes (K-4 500 m: 1981, K-4 1000 m: 1973).

</doc>
<doc id="20362767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362767" title="Gladys Schmitt">
Gladys Schmitt

Gladys Schmitt (May 31, 1909 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania – October 3, 1972 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) was an American writer, editor, and professor. 
Born to Henry and Leonore (Link) Schmitt, she attended Chatham University, then transferred and graduated from the University of Pittsburgh in 1932. She worked as an editor for "Scholastic Magazine" first in Pittsburgh and then in New York from 1933-42. From 1942-72 at Carnegie-Mellon University she became professor of English and fine arts, founding the creative writing department. 
Her second novel "David the King" was a Literary Guild selection and #1 bestseller. This book sold more than one million copies and was translated into ten languages. 
She married Simon Goldfield on November 27, 1939. They had one child, a niece whom they adopted, Betty Schmitt Culley.

</doc>
<doc id="20362778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362778" title="Sussex Greensand Way">
Sussex Greensand Way

The Sussex Greensand Way is a Roman road linking the London to Lewes Way at Barcombe Mills to Stane Street at Hardham. The road, which has almost entirely fallen out of use, follows the free draining ridge of greensand which lies north of the South Downs. It is a planned route rather than a Romanised iron age track, following a few straight alignments without any steep gradients, which linked various north-south roads and tracks. A number of important Roman villas and their farming estates were linked by the road. It is not known at what time during the Roman period the road was built.
The route.
Branching from the London to Eastbourne area Roman road at Barcombe Mills north of Lewes the road runs west through East Chiltington and past the south side of Plumpton Racecourse, where the agger can be seen beside the lane, to Streat, a Saxon placename indicative of a Roman road. Passing north of Ditchling and through Keymer it crosses the London to Brighton Way Roman road at Hassocks, where there was a Roman cemetery. West of Hassocks the road turns a little to the south, passing through Bedlam Street south of Hurstpierpoint where it briefly runs on a prominent agger alongside and then crosses the B2117, and continues past Woodmancote to Woods Mill, with short sections under or adjacent to the Woods Mill to Woodmancote road. The road then runs across the River Adur floodplain, where the Adur was bridged on wooden piles close to Stretham Manor. From the river the road runs west to the moated Buncton Manor Farm where it turns north west to West Chiltington and crosses the River Arun floodplain to join Stane Street at Hardham Remains of a Roman bath house have been found east of the junction and there was a posting station or Mansio on Stane Street at Hardham.
Purposes of the road.
The road linked numerous villa estates along the greensand ridge and joined various north-south routes. There was a Roman temple at Chanctonbury Ring and a large cemetery has been found near a crossroads at Hassocks. The road is unlikely to have had any military importance in the early Roman period when the empire was at the zenith of its power and the Sussex area was a friendly client kingdom, but as Saxon and Jute raiding became a problem along the coasts the inland route may have become a safer alternative to the coastal roads. In the aftermath of Roman rule it took some fourteen years for Saxon settlers in the Chichester area to overcome Romano-British resistance based on the fortress of Anderida at Pevensey. The road may have had military importance during this time.
Construction.
Sections made through some better preserved parts of the road show it to have been of light construction with about of metalling, usually on a low agger, but in drier places laid direct on the natural subsoil. The width of metalling varies from at the wider points, on an agger about wide, down to on terraceways crossing hillsides. The metalling on this road has been found to be flint at all the points studied, with a camber of about . Well preserved examples of the agger occur along the south side of Plumpton Racecourse and adjoining the B2117 road south of Hurstpierpoint.

</doc>
<doc id="20362797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362797" title="Zapman">
Zapman

Zapman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20362802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362802" title="Sons of Liberty (disambiguation)">
Sons of Liberty (disambiguation)

Sons of Liberty may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20362826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362826" title="Almut Lehmann">
Almut Lehmann

Almut Lehmann (married name: Peyper) (born 10 June 1953 in Stuttgart) is a German pair skater. 
With partner Herbert Wiesinger, she is a three-time German national champion and 1973 European bronze medalist. They placed 5th at the 1972 Winter Olympics. They represented the club SC Rießersee. 
Following her retirement from competitive skating, she skated professionally with the Ice Capades.

</doc>
<doc id="20362828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362828" title="2003 NASDAQ-100 Open">
2003 NASDAQ-100 Open

The 2003 NASDAQ-100 Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 19th edition of the Miami Masters and was part of the Tennis Masters Series of the 2003 ATP Tour and of Tier I of the 2003 WTA Tour. Both the men's and women's events took place at the Tennis Center at Crandon Park in Key Biscayne, Florida in the United States from March 17 through March 30, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20362834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362834" title="Ion Geantă">
Ion Geantă

Ion Geantă (born September 12, 1959) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Moscow in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20362838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362838" title="Dumol">
Dumol

Dumol may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20362840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362840" title="Mario Euceda">
Mario Euceda

Mario José Euceda González (born 5 November 1981) is a Honduran footballer who currently plays for UPNFM in the Honduran Second Division as a defender.
Club career.
Euceda played for Atlético Olanchano, but left the club in summer 2007.
In November 2009 he moved to Real Juventud. Euceda joined Honduran giants Motagua before the 2010 Apertura season.

</doc>
<doc id="20362873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362873" title="Nicuşor Eşanu">
Nicuşor Eşanu

Nicuşor Eşanu (born December 12, 1954) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1970s to the early 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a silver medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Moscow in 1980.
Eşanu also won six medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-2 10000 m: 1979), three silvers (K-2 500 m: 1978, K-4 1000 m: 1978, K-4 10000 m: 1975), and two bronzes (K-2 10000 m: 1978, 1981).

</doc>
<doc id="20362904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362904" title="Serge Marquand">
Serge Marquand

Serge Marquand was a French actor and film producer (12 March 1930 - 4 September 2004) of advanced leukemia.
He was the brother of Nadine Trintignant and Christian Marquand.

</doc>
<doc id="20362907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362907" title="Taklung Thangpa Tashi Pal">
Taklung Thangpa Tashi Pal

Taklung Thangpa Tashi Pal (1142–1210) is the Founder of the Taklung Kagyu lineage.
The Taklung Kagyu lineage remains unbroken to this day.
Taklung Thangpa Tashi Pal founded the Taklung Yarthang Monastery.
He is considered as one of the many immediate students of Pal Phagmo Drupa.
Early years.
Tashi Pal was born in 1142 AD, to the Taklung Gazi family, one of the six main ancestral Tibetan lineages. He embraced monkhood in Pal Thang-kya Monastery, where he studied and mastered the general and distinct Buddhist teachings. Owing to his vast and profound knowledge of Buddhist doctrine, he was renowned as the great sovereign and accomplished master scholar.
He travelled towards Central Tibet where he met his destined root teacher, Phagmo Drupa. For six years, Tashi Pal served his master as his personal attendant during which time he received the entire tantric and sutric teachings, including the ripening empowerment and liberating instructions of the great Mahamudra and the six yogic teachings of Naropa. Later, he spent many years in six different solitary places staying in extremely strict retreat practice by sealing off his retreat room. As a result, he achieved the supreme siddhi of enlightenment.
Taklung Kagyu.
In the year 1180 AD, he established the seat and the distinct tradition of Taklung Kagyu at Taklung Thang Dorje Den. Since then, his name came to be known as Taklung Thangpa and his distinct tradition renowned as the unequalled lineage of accomplishment, the Taklung Kagyu.
The main teaching of Taklung Kagyu is Guru Yoga and the main practice devotion and reverence towards one's root teacher. Specifically Vinaya practice was greatly emphasized. As such, Taklung Thangpa Tashi Pal, fully ordained and holder of the Vajrayana doctrine, came to be famously known for his pure morality.
Legacy.
He devoted the first half of every month to bless and teach students, and the second half to strict retreat practice. Generally, there were more than 3600 resident monks in Taklung Monastery during his time, and his disciples came from different places in India, China, Mongolia, and the three provinces of Tibet.
After giving final advice to his followers, Taklung Thangpa achieved the non-dual state of Vajradhara and died to pass into nirvana, dissolving his body and mind into the Dharmakaya in the year 1210. This was displayed to allow beings to realize the impermanent nature of life.

</doc>
<doc id="20362933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362933" title="Bryerson">
Bryerson

Bryerson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20362940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362940" title="Madanpur, Nepal">
Madanpur, Nepal

Madanpur, Nepal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20362972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20362972" title="Borislav Borisov (canoeist)">
Borislav Borisov (canoeist)

Borislav Borisov (born November 12, 1954) is a Bulgarian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1970s to the early 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Moscow in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20363020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363020" title="Racey Helps">
Racey Helps

Angus Clifford Racey Helps (1913–1970) was an English children's author and illustrator. His books were written in a simple style and feature woodland creatures and birds, with illustrations by the author. He is known also for illustrating postcards, greeting cards, jigsaw puzzles, playing cards and wrapping paper.
Biography.
Helps was born in Bristol in 1913 to Clifford R. Helps and his wife Dorothy (née Davis), who had married in Cardiff in 1911. He spent his childhood in the hamlet of Chelvey, Somerset. He was privately educated at a vicarage and later at Bristol Cathedral School. On leaving school he entered the antiquarian book business and attended the West of England College of Art.
Helps married Irene Orr on 8 April 1936. A daughter, Anne, was born in July 1937, and a son, Julian, in 1949 or 1950. He used to tell his young daughter a bedtime story every night. His first success as an author and artist came during World War II with stories written for her. When the war came, Anne was packed off to a less noisy part of the country, but she still insisted on her story, and so Helps wrote them down for her, drew pictures to illustrate them, and sent them to her.
During that time, Racey and his wife Irene Helps lived in Shepton Mallet, Somerset, and were hosts to many young American soldiers based in the town, besides running a hairdressing salon. On one occasion a publisher happened to drop in and pick up one of Helps's handwritten, illustrated booklets. Helps was invited to London to discuss publication of future work. He was published initially by Collins and later by the Medici Society. He contributed to several children's annuals published by Collins. Much of his work was published also in the United States. At least ten of his picture books appeared in German. At least one appeared in Danish.
The Helps's son Julian was born in 1949. For a while the family lived in Clevedon, Somerset, then moved to Saltford near Bath, and then in 1962 to Barnstaple, Devon, where the scenic countryside provided further inspiration for Helps's pictures.
Racey Helps suffered a fatal heart attack at his Barnstaple home in 1970, at the age of 57.

</doc>
<doc id="20363032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363032" title="Mahamadpur">
Mahamadpur

Mahamadpur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20363038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363038" title="Zoe Wiseman">
Zoe Wiseman

Zoe Wiseman (b. 1970, Marion, Indiana) is an American model and photographer known for her fine art nude photography, and is the web owner of Community Zoe and ARTnudes.com which deal specifically with fine art nude photography. Several photo books and magazines have showcased her photography.
Personal life.
In the summer of 2007 Zoe Wiseman married her longtime boyfriend Charlie Clouser, one time band member of Nine Inch Nails who wrote the score for the Saw (film series) franchise and others such as Death Sentence (2007 film) starring Kevin Bacon.

</doc>
<doc id="20363052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363052" title="Guillermo Ruiz">
Guillermo Ruiz

Guillermo Ruiz (born April 4, 1943 in Lima, Peru) is a Peruvian chess master and US Life Master. Son of Aurora and Melquiades Ruiz. He has been married since 1974 and has two children.
Guillermo learned chess at the age of 17 from a friend and went on to win the championship of Lima and then the Peruvian Chess Championship in 1973. In 1978 he immigrated to Atlanta, Georgia. He is a four-time Georgia State Champion, winning in 1979, 1987, 1995, 1996. 
In 2002 he was awarded the Georgia Chess Association 2002 Award for Contributions to Georgia Chess Community 

</doc>
<doc id="20363059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363059" title="Bozhidar Milenkov">
Bozhidar Milenkov

Bozhidar Milenkov (born December 1, 1954) is a Bulgarian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1970s to the early 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Moscow in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20363072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363072" title="1910 Paraguayan Primera División season">
1910 Paraguayan Primera División season

The following article presents a summary of the 1910 football (soccer) season in Paraguay.
First Division.
The Paraguayan first division championship was played for the "Copa El Diario", a trophy issued by the newspaper of the same name. Six teams participated in the tournament which was played in a two round all-play-all system, being the team with the most points at the end of the two rounds the champion. Club Libertad won its first championship after defeating Atlántida SC in a playoff game.

</doc>
<doc id="20363096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363096" title="Lazar Khristov">
Lazar Khristov

Lazar Khristov (born February 17, 1954) is a Bulgarian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1970s to the early 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Moscow in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20363102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363102" title="John B. Grayson">
John B. Grayson

John Breckinridge Grayson (October 18, 1806 – October 21, 1861) was a career United States Army officer and a graduate of West Point. He is well known for being a Confederate brigadier general during the American Civil War, his service during the Mexican-American War, and for his early death only three months after joining the Confederate Army of pneumonia and tuberculosis.
Early life and career.
John Grayson was born in Kentucky in 1806 to Alfred W. Grayson and Letitia Breckinridge at the Breckinridge family estate of "Cabell's Dale". After his father's death when he was around ten John's mother married Peter Buell Porter. Grayson was appointed to West Point through his ties to three very powerful families the Breckinridges, Graysons, and Porters. He graduated in 1826 and became a second lieutenant in the artillery. He was first assigned to Fort Monroe where he remained for six years. He then served in a variety of southern forts from 1832 to 1835. In 1835 the Second Seminole War broke out in Florida. John fought at Camp Izard and then at the Battle of Oloklikaha. After the Seminole War Grayson was assigned to New Orleans for eleven years. In 1847 Grayson left to fight in the Mexican-American War where he arrived as a captain of the artillery. John later became the Chief Commissariat of Major General Winfield Scott. Grayson fought in many battles in Mexico including the Siege of Veracruz, Battles of Cerro Gordo, Contreras, Churubusco, Molino del Rey, Chapultepec, and the capture of Mexico City. He became a major for his bravery at the battles of Contreras and Churubusco in 1847. Later that year Grayson was promoted to lieutenant-colonel because of his actions at the Battle of Chapultepec. After the war John Grayson was assigned to Detroit, Michigan where he became the Chief of Commissariat for seven years from 1848 to 1855. He would hold this same in New Mexico until he resigned to join the Confederate Army.
Civil War service.
After resigning his commission John joined the Confederacy in August 1861. Because of his long service and military skills Grayson was quickly appointed a Brigadier General in the Confederate Army. He then immediately became commander of the East and Middle Departments of Florida. Soon after arriving though Grayson caught both pneumonia and tuberculosis. He died soon after on October 21, 1861 in Tallahassee, Florida at the age of 55, not having fought a single battle during the Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="20363122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363122" title="Ivan Manev">
Ivan Manev

Ivan Manev (born November 23, 1950) is a Bulgarian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1970s to the early 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the K-4 1000 m event at Moscow in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20363124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363124" title="Civer, Illinois">
Civer, Illinois

Civer is a ghost town in Fulton County, Illinois, United States. Its elevation was 679 feet (207 m). The community no longer exists.

</doc>
<doc id="20363160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363160" title="Trallpunk">
Trallpunk

Trallpunk (Swedish for 'melodious punk') is a subgenre of punk music specially developed in Sweden. It is known for its fast drums, a melodic sound, and often politically oriented lyrics. Generally, Asta Kask and Strebers are considered to be the first trallpunk bands, but opinions diverge on the matter. During the 1990s, trallpunk saw increased popularity, particularly due to the club Kafé 44 in Stockholm and the band De Lyckliga Kompisarna (The Happy Friends).
Today, trallpunk is represented through bands such as Varnagel, Slutstation Tjernobyl, Greta Kassler, and De Lyckliga Kompisarna. Internationally, bands like Rasta Knast and Takahashi Gumi are examples.
Trallpunk bands.
Some trallpunk bands include:

</doc>
<doc id="20363177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363177" title="Jacob Zimmerman House">
Jacob Zimmerman House

Jacob Zimmerman House was the home of Jacob and Lena Zimmerman, European American settlers who came west over the Oregon Trail in 1851 to what became Multnomah County in the U.S. state of Oregon. Built in 1874, the house was part of a dairy farm. Members of the Zimmerman family lived on the farm from 1870 through 1992. The house and were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. In 1994, the city of Gresham began land acquisition and planning for a public park, Zimmerman Heritage Farm, with the house as its centerpiece.
The city, which owns the land, and the Fairview-Rockwood-Wilkes Historical Society (FRWHS), which owns the house, manage the Zimmerman Heritage Farm through a partnership. In 1992, the FRWHS acquired the house from Isobel Faith Zimmerman, the youngest granddaughter of the original owners. By late 2006, the society had spent an estimated $170,000 on rebuilding the foundation, upgrading the security system, fixing the porch, repairing the chimneys, replacing the roof and gutters, painting the exterior, and other work. The house is open for public tours on the third Saturday of each month from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
The Zimmermans were among the five founding families of Fairview. They arrived in the Willamette Valley in 1851 and settled on Hayden Island in the Columbia River. After floods destroyed their first crops, they re-located to a donation land claim about east of Portland. In late 1869, Jacob Zimmerman bought another donation land claim and moved into a log cabin on this site until building the original house in 1874. The Zimmermans' son, George, enlarged the farm to on which he ran a successful dairy business that continued under several relatives and lessees into the 20th century. 

</doc>
<doc id="20363213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363213" title="Infanta Maria das Neves of Portugal">
Infanta Maria das Neves of Portugal

Infanta Maria das Neves of Portugal (Portuguese: "Maria das Neves Isabel Eulália Carlota Adelaide Micaela Gabriela Rafaela Gonzaga de Paula de Assis Inès Sofia Romana, Infanta de Portugal") (5 August 1852, Kleinheubach – 15 February 1941, Vienna, Austria) was the eldest child and daughter of exiled Miguel of Portugal and his wife Adelaide of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg. Maria was an Infanta of Portugal and member of the House of Braganza by birth. Until the birth of her brother Miguel, Duke of Braganza, Maria was titled Princess Royal of Portugal, a title of pretense, given her father had been deposed in 1834. Through her marriage to Alfonso Carlos of Bourbon, Duke of San Jaime, Carlist claimant to the Spanish throne, Maria was titular Queen consort of Spain, France, and Navarre.
Marriage.
Maria married Alfonso Carlos of Bourbon, Duke of San Jaime, second son of Juan, Count of Montizón and his wife Archduchess Maria Beatrix of Austria-Este, on 26 April 1871 in Kleinheubach.
Alfonso Carlos was her first cousin once removed, as Maria's father (Miguel of Portugal) and his paternal grandmother (Infanta Maria Francisca of Portugal) were siblings.
Their union produced only a son who died some hours after his birth, in 1874. They were unable to have more children and died childless.

</doc>
<doc id="20363219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363219" title="Cannibal (2006 film)">
Cannibal (2006 film)

Cannibal is a 2006 German direct-to-video horror film written, directed and produced by Marian Dora.
Plot.
In the intro, a mother reads the story of "Hansel and Gretel" to her young boy. The setting then moves to the present day, where The Man goes about his day-to-day routines and occasionally chats with others on his computer, where he looks for someone who shares his cannibalistic fantasies. The Man meets with several people he had chatted with, but he either rejects them or is rejected (and in one case attacked) by them, except for The Flesh, a suicidal man who volunteers to be killed and eaten by The Man. The Flesh travels to The Man from Berlin, and the two bond, having sex and frolicking in the nude in and around The Man's home.
When The Flesh decides that it is time for him to die and be devoured, he tries to coerce The Man into biting off his penis, but The Man is unable to go through with it, even when The Flesh uses drugs to knock himself out in an attempt to make things easier. Disappointed, The Flesh chastises The Man. The Flesh decides to give him another chance when The Man begs him to stay just as he is about to board a train back to Berlin. Returning to The Man's home, The Flesh ingests a large amount of alcohol and pills, then instructs The Man to castrate him with a kitchen knife, which The Man succeeds at doing. The two then fry and attempt to eat the severed penis, before The Flesh seemingly dies of blood loss in a bath The Man places The Flesh in.
The Man drags The Flesh's inert body (which vomits and defecates repeatedly) to a room he has readied for slaughter. Before he can begin taking The Flesh apart, The Man is shocked to discover The Flesh is still alive, so he stabs him in the throat. The Man then beheads, guts and dismembers The Flesh, buries the inedible parts, and cooks and eats the rest; he places The Flesh's severed head at the head of the table. The Man then masturbates to video footage of what he has done, and leaves.
Production.
The film is based on the true story of Armin Meiwes who killed and ate a man whom he met on the Internet.
In 2004 director Marian Dora, accepted Ulli Lommel's assignment to make a feature film in Germany that documented the Meiwes case. Dora's finished film was rejected by Lommel as being too gory, and Dora subsequently released the movie on his own in Germany within months. Lommel set about producing his own version of the Miewes case, which became the 2007 film "Diary of a Cannibal".
Release.
The DVD was impounded pursuant to § 184a StGB in Germany/List B of the list of Media Harmful to Young People on 29 June 2007.
In the US, it was released on DVD 19 December 2006.
Soundtrack.
The US Brooklyn, New York based Glam rock band The Flesh (formed for the film) composed three songs for the official soundtrack.
Reception.
Scott Weinberg of DVD Talk rated the film 2/5 stars and wrote, "One of the sickest and freakiest movies ever to come from a nation well-known for its freaky and sick movies (Germany), Cannibal is shocking, outrageous, sickening ... and just a little bit interesting because it's based on actual events." Joshua Siebalt of Dread Central rated it 2/5 stars and wrote, "The only real selling point Cannibal has is its graphic depiction of cannibalism. There are some nasty, nasty moments throughout, but you have to get through a whole lot of nothing before you see them."

</doc>
<doc id="20363220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363220" title="Antonín Bennewitz">
Antonín Bennewitz

Antonín Bennewitz (born Benevic) (26 March 1833 – 29 May 1926) was a Czech violinist, conductor and teacher. He was in a line of violinists that extended back to Giovanni Battista Viotti, and forward to Jan Kubelík and Wolfgang Schneiderhan.
He was born in Přívrat, Bohemia as Antonín Benevic, but his name is most often seen in a German rendering, Bennewitz. He studied under Moritz Mildner (Мильднер, Мориц) (Mořic Mildner: 1812-1865) at the Prague Conservatory from 1846 to 1852. He then worked in Prague (where he was engaged as first violinist of the Estates Theatre (1852-1861)), Salzburg and Stuttgart. In 1859 he also performed in Paris and Brussels. It was during this period that on 3 December 1855 he participated in the first performance of Bedřich Smetana’s Piano Trio in G minor, Op. 15, in the Prague Konvict Hall, with Smetana himself as pianist and Julius Goltermann as cellist. In 1866 he became Professor of Violin in Prague. In 1876 he succeeded Mildner as leader of Friedrich Pixis (Bedřich Vilém Pixis)’s quartet, which became known as the Bennewitz Quartet. He became the Prague Conservatory’s Director in 1882, serving until 1901, when he was succeeded by Antonín Dvořák. He was among the founders of the Kammermusikverein, whose nationalist ideals stimulated Smetana to write his String Quartet in E minor "From My Life".
Bennewitz’s pupils helped make the Prague violin school world-famous. They included František Ondříček (who premiered the Dvořák concerto), Karel Halíř (who premiered the revised version of the Sibelius concerto), Otakar Ševčík, Franz Lehár, and three members of the Bohemian Quartet (later known as the Czech Quartet) - Karel Hoffmann and Josef Suk (violinists), and Oskar Nedbal (violist).
On 25 February 1895, he conducted to great acclaim the first complete performance of Josef Suk’s Serenade for Strings in E flat, Op. 6, with the Prague Conservatory Orchestra (two movements had been heard 14 months earlier, conducted by Suk himself). On 3 June 1896, at the Prague Conservatory, Bennewitz conducted the first (semi-public) performances of Dvořák’s symphonic poems "The Noon Witch", "The Water Goblin" and "The Golden Spinning Wheel".
In 1998 a new Bennewitz Quartet, named in honour of Antonín Bennewitz, was founded in Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="20363224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363224" title="Bowling league">
Bowling league

A bowling league is a group event where several teams bowl against each other over the course of a season. Most bowling leagues consist of four team players that meet up once a week or once every other week, usually at the same day and time. Teams of three or five players are also common. Leagues can be set up as male-only, female-only, or mixed. Four-person teams tend to be used in mixed leagues, while three- and five-player teams are more common in male-only and female-only leagues.
Leagues were established soon after the most modern type of bowling was created. Ten-pin bowling is a modern form of bowling that became organized in 1895 in New York City.
Each session, each team in the league faces one other team. In most bowling leagues each team plays three games per scheduled match. After the first week of the league, the average for each player is set, and the average can go up or down after each subsequent session as more games are bowled. Though there are "scratch" leagues where only actual score counts, most leagues use the bowler averages to determine team and/or individual handicaps. The handicap is the difference of the sum of averages between the two teams that are facing each other (sometimes then multiplied by a percentage, such as 90%), or an amount calculated from a score that is above the highest team average in the league so that each team gets a handicap amount. The handicap gives teams with lower averages a chance to compete against teams with higher averages.
Besides the fun of having a team and rolling a ball down the alley to hit a few pins, there are often weekly and seasonal cash prizes and pools that go along with the game. The point of this is to have something to work for. Some leagues will have strike pools or spare pools. This is when team members put in money to play the game. The first person to get a certain amount of strikes or spares wins the total amount of money that everyone put in. In some cases, a ticket is drawn and the bowler holding that ticket must roll a strike to win the jackpot. If no one wins it in one week, then the money carries over to the next week until someone finally gets a strike. Other common jackpots are high scratch game, high handicap game, and "mystery" game (where a score is drawn and anyone whose game matched that score wins a prize). 
Bowling leagues normally attract an adult crowd, whether it is duck pin bowling or ten-pin bowling. However, youth bowling leagues are also common, particularly on weekend afternoons. This gives kids the time to learn the game while competing with friends. They start off with bumpers and work their way up until the bumpers are no longer needed. (Bumpers are used to block the gutters so that the bowling ball always has a chance to hit some pins.)
League Scoring.
Leagues normally consist of weekly sessions that require each bowler on a team to bowl three games per week (or more/less depending on the league's rules). Some leagues have special prize funds accumulated by a small weekly fee (above that which is paid to the bowling center) that can fund cash prizes at the end of the season, or anything from a trip to Las Vegas to a bowling ball of your own.
In a given weekly session, each team will face another team in the league in scheduled competition. Teams are awarded points for winning each game, plus points for having more total pins than the other team at the end of all games that week. Scoring systems vary by league. Some of the most common ways of scoring matches in leagues that have three games per week are:
Some leagues may have scoring systems in which each individual on a team bowls an opposing team member for a point, in addition to team points being awarded. Such systems can have 30 points or more up for grabs every night.
League standings are published after each session, and teams with more points at the end of a season (or end of a half in split seasons) generally win the most money or a special prize.
Resources.
"Bowling for All" by:Joe Falcaro 
"The Book of Rules: A visual guide to the laws of every commonly played sport and game." by:Duncan Peterson

</doc>
<doc id="20363227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363227" title="Checkered Giant">
Checkered Giant

The Checkered Giant rabbit is a breed of rabbit developed in Europe.
In the UK the breed is known as Giant Papillon.
Checkered Giants are one of 47 breeds of domestic rabbits recognized by the American Rabbit Breeders Association. Mature Checkered Giant bucks should weigh at least , and mature does , but there is no specified maximum weight. The Checkered Giant is outweighed by the Giant Chinchilla and Flemish Giant.
The Checkered Giant is considered a show rabbit rather than a meat rabbit. The Checkered Giant is one of only 11 breeds with defined markings. Body type markings differ between European and American Checkered Giants, although they are considered the same breed.
Appearance.
See: Checkered Giant Rabbit coat pattern
Feed and housing.
Commercial rabbit pellets are often recommended, though this is a disputed claim amongst rabbit rescue shelters and commercial breeders. Pellets are high in fat, which will render a fatter rabbit, but is not a healthy choice for longevity concerns. Feed 1/2 cup of pellets per 5 pounds of body weight (25 mL/kg) every day. Many breeders find it can be hard to keep weight on rabbits that are not offered free choice pellets. For rabbits under 8 months of age, feed unlimited plain alfalfa pellets. Free choice hay, such as timothy-grass, should be unlimited and changed daily. Alfalfa hay should not be offered free choice to rabbits over 8 months of age because it is too rich in calcium.
Many rabbits do very well in the home. They can be litter box trained and are quite fastidious groomers. Be aware that rabbits love to chew so make sure all wires are safely hidden or in protective plastic covers and understand that some of your furniture may be nibbled. If you choose to cage your rabbit, make sure the cage is at least 3 feet by 3 feet by 4 feet (0.9×0.9×1.2 m). If the cage has a wire bottom make certain you give the rabbit a plank or sea grass mats to stand on so his feet won’t get damaged from being on the wire all the time. Provide a hide box or shelter and plenty of straw for bedding.
Common diseases and disorders.
As with other rabbits, they may carry STDs and also this breed does not do well in high or low temperatures. Sore or abscessed feet are common when housed only on wire with no solid surface to rest on.

</doc>
<doc id="20363230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363230" title="Visions Metro Weekly">
Visions Metro Weekly

Visions Metro Weekly is an alternative newspaper that focuses on local-interest stories. It is distributed often free of charge across New Jersey and neighboring New York City, particularly Harlem. The publisher and editor-in-chief of this Newark, New Jersey-based weekly is Howard J. Scott, born in 1958 in New Rochelle, New York. He is also one of the partners at Legacy Media Group as well as a political and social activist and an entrepreneur. 
The paper, known formerly as "Visions", and dedicated to covering the African-American heritage, was founded by Howard J. Scott in 1982 with his twin brother John H. Scott. Its motto is "Positive news for a change", meaning that no reports about violence are included in it. Visions Weekly has 25,000 copies in print every week. It is often distributed freely across New Jersey and especially around Harlem in New York City. Most articles are written by Scott himself. The magazine does not show much profit and is financed mostly by his own business. The paper is also known as "Twin Visions" or "Newark Weekly News".

</doc>
<doc id="20363237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363237" title="Alumni Field (Keene)">
Alumni Field (Keene)

Alumni Field is a baseball field located in Keene, New Hampshire, USA. The field, located on Arch Street, was constructed in 1948 and has served as the home of the Keene Swamp Bats of the New England Collegiate Baseball League since the 1997 NECBL season. The field is part of the athletic facilities at Keene High School and is owned by the Alumni Association. The football, soccer, and track & field teams of Keene High School also use the facility. It holds a capacity of approximately 4,100 fans.
Wilson Pond is located next to the field on the first base side. Alumni Field features three separate seating structures. The main, covered seating section is located on the first base side. On the third base side, a large, uncovered bleacher-style stand has 15 rows of seating. The third section is located behind home plate, a pair of smaller uncovered bleacher seating structures.
Alumni Field hosted the 2006 NECBL All-Star Game. The game, attended by 3,183 fans, was won by the visiting Northern Division 6–2.
Swamp Bats Attendance.
The following is a list of Swamp Bats attendance figures at Alumni Field dating back to the 2001 season. The Swamp Bats have played at the facility since 1997, but attendance records date back only to 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20363239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363239" title="Georgi Karaneychev">
Georgi Karaneychev

Georgi Karaneychev (; born 9 June 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Moldovan club FC Tiraspol as a forward.
Career.
Karaneychev start to play football in FC Trayana Stara Zagora. After that he played for FC Hebros, Chavdar Byala Slatina and FC Svilengrad 1921.
He made his competitive debut for Loko Mezdra on 8 November 2008 against Lokomotiv Plovdiv in the twelfth round of the Bulgarian top division. A few days later Karaneychev made his debut for Bulgaria U21 in a friendly match against Romania U21.

</doc>
<doc id="20363246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363246" title="Tommy Karls">
Tommy Karls

Sven Tommy Karls (born October 13, 1961) is a Swedish sprint canoer who competed in the 1980s. He won a silver medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
Karls also won a silver medal in the K-4 10000 m event at the 1985 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Mechelen.

</doc>
<doc id="20363256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20363256" title="River School">
River School

The River School is an independent Christian School, affiliated with the Christian Schools Trust. The school is located in a large late Georgian Grade 2 listed building with many outbuildings, set in of attractive wooded and open grassed areas, near the A38 road in the Fernhill Heath suburb of Worcester, England.
The school has around 160 full time day pupils aged from 2 to 16, who are drawn from the city of Worcester and surrounding towns The school is non-denominational, however it is allied, through a long standing link with St Paul's Church (Worcester) with the Evangelical Alliance.
A February 2010 Bridge Schools Inspectorate report rated the overall quality of teaching as good, with outstanding elements.
History.
The school was founded in the autumn of 1985 by parents who felt that the secular education found in the local schools did not fit with their beliefs. The school had been planned for several years by the parents, many of whom were members of charismatic churches in and around Worcester. Oakfield House where the school is sited was purchased by the Worcester Christian Education Trust, who oversee the running of the school to this day, for use as the main school.
Oakfield House was constructed in the early 19th century as a private house and has since been used as military billets, a residential girls' school and Agricultural Training Collage under the control of Worcester LEA. In 1987, the Trust purchased another building close to central Worcester for use as the Brook Nursery School, pupils aged 2–7.
The school continued to expand aided by a low-fee philosophy and generous discounts for less well off students. However, the River School like many a small enterprise has suffered setbacks over the years due to lack of funds. For this reason it was decided in 2006 to sell off the Brook School and use the money to service the trust's debt and improve the school's resources base. Since then the Brook Nursery School has been reopened on the site of the River School, which has since been greatly expanded, with further expansions planned.

</doc>
