<doc id="20273421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273421" title="Sidney Hollander Award">
Sidney Hollander Award

The Sidney Hollander Award is an award given by the Sidney Hollander Foundation, Baltimore, Maryland, USA, and named in honor of Sidney Hollander.
The Sidney Hollander Foundation.
In December 1941, a foundation was set up in order to honor Sidney Hollander. Hollander was a very influential humanitarian living in Baltimore, Maryland during the mid-20th century. Being a humanitarian, Hollander was an avid believer that all men should be treated equally. African Americans, especially, should be treated in the same way as any other American. Hollander wanted to create a place to live where everybody would be treated equally.
The Sidney Hollander Award.
The Sidney Hollander Foundation created the Sidney Hollander Award after World War II. This award was given to a person who had worked diligently towards obtaining equal rights for African Americans in Maryland. Segregation was a huge issue that both African Americans and whites were forced to deal with during this time period. While African Americans had gained many rights, including the right to vote, they were still treated very unfairly. They were forced to use different entrances to stores, different bathrooms, and many were not given proper job opportunities in fields in which they were well qualified. 
However, Sidney Hollander saw this and knew it was wrong. As a result, his family set up an award to give to any person who had helped to erase any signs of segregation in Maryland and help to achieve equal rights for all citizens of the United States. This award was handed out every year for about sixteen years (1947 – around 1964). Many recipients include organizations such as the Sun Paper, the Baltimore City Medical Society, and Loyola College. These organizations all helped to spread the word that African Americans should be treated as equal human beings in Maryland. While several awards went to organizations, there were also a few that went to individuals. These individuals include Robert Freedman, Theodore R. McKeldin and Thomas J. S. Waxter. These men were very important men in Maryland during this time period and they were all dedicated to desegregation in the state.
In 1964, the foundation realized that the government, religious organizations, and political parties were all dealing with the issue of desegregation in Maryland. Finally the issue of desegregation was seen on a higher level that could hopefully help to get it resolved. The Sidney Hollander Foundation announced that the award given the previous year would be the last. In the approximate sixteen years in which the award was handed out, many important advances were made in ending segregation in Maryland. Many people believe the Hollander Award was responsible for many of the acts of desegregation because it helped to show people what was being done in Maryland to help end segregation.

</doc>
<doc id="20273451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273451" title="Kim Hyun-Su (born February 1973)">
Kim Hyun-Su (born February 1973)

Kim Hyun-Su (born February 14, 1973) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a defender for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors. He started club career with Chunnam Dragons.
End of 2002 season, He moved to Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors. November 9, 2008, at the halftime of last match of 2008 season, his retirement was held. He will be coach with Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors.
He was part of the South Korea national football team. He played at 1996 Summer Olympics and 1998 Asian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20273463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273463" title="Toshimitsu Asai">
Toshimitsu Asai


</doc>
<doc id="20273471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273471" title="Alec Holowka">
Alec Holowka

Alec Holowka is a Canadian independent game developer, co-founder of an independent game company Bit Blot, and Infinite Ammo, where he works as lead programmer, musician and game designer. He collaborated with Derek Yu to create the award-winning game "Aquaria" and freeware game "I'm O.K - A Murder Simulator".
Background.
Alec Holowka was introduced to programming at the age of eight when his father purchased him a book "Basic Fun". Eventually he began working with a free ware group called "Zaphire Productions". Since then he worked for a number of failed start ups, including one in Winnipeg, Canada working on a PC multi-player fantasy action title and a combat racer in Vancouver, Canada for the Xbox 360.
Holowka acted as sound engineer on the 2006 freeware title "I'm O.K - A Murder Simulator" as a response to American lawyer Jack Thompson's A Modest Video Game Proposal. Holowka met Derek Yu in the comments section of popular technology website Slashdot in a post regarding Jack Thompson's proposal and along with Chris Hanson and Phil Jones formed satire company Thompsonsoft for the once off release.
After its release Holowka introduced Yu to a project he had been working on independently, Yu was interested in the project and the two officially formed developer Bit Blot the week before the Independent Games Festival deadline. The project was released on 7 December 2007 under the title Aquaria and was the recipient of the Independent Games Festival Seumas McNally grand prize for best game in March 2007.
Gameography.
Crayon Physics Deluxe.
Some music.
I'm O.K..
"I'm O.K." is a side-scrolling satirical platform shoot-em-up, which was created by Derek Yu (art), Alec Holowka (sound), and Chris Hanson (code) as a response to Jack Thompson's open letter, "A Modest Video Game Proposal." It is a "retro" style arcade game, which parodies various famous games, game companies, and game developers. The main protagonist of the game is Osaki Kim, who blames the video game industry for the death of his child. The player takes the role of the Osaki Kim as he shoots his way up to the E3 Media and Business Summit, killing game developers along the way.
Aquaria.
"Aquaria" is an action adventure game, based heavily on exploration. It is an epic story about adventures of Naija, an amnesiac underwater creature, who is in search of information about her family and her past. She explores many ancient ruins of Aquaria, an underwater world created by a mysterious creator. Created by Derek Yu and Alec Holowka, Aquaria is their first commercial game and the winner of the Independent Games Festival's 2007 Seumas McNally Grand Prize.
Owl Country.
In early 2008, Holowka along with a group of other independent developers during the Game Developers Conference 2008 in San Francisco, California created a project with most of the work being done at their hotel, the Holiday Inn. Holowka acted as musician and programmer. The project was created as a response to an incident occurring following Kokoromi's Gamma 256 party following the Montreal International Game Summit in Montreal, Canada.
Paper Moon.
On 15 August 2008 Holowka, along with newly formed developer Infinite Ammo, created "Paper Moon", a game that was picked along with another five games to be showcased at the 2008 GAMMA event.
Everyone Loves Active 2.
Holowka wrote the music for Kyle Pulver’s freeware game, "Everyone Loves Active 2".
Verge.
Holowka teamed up with Pulver again for "Verge", providing the game's music. Verge is a short side scrolling platformer focused on life and death. It was created for and won The Independent Gaming Source's Commonplace Book Competition. An extended version of the game is currently in development.

</doc>
<doc id="20273504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273504" title="Bjelanović">
Bjelanović

Bjelanović is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20273520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273520" title="Takuma Hidaka">
Takuma Hidaka


</doc>
<doc id="20273536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273536" title="Amiens railway line">
Amiens railway line

The Amiens railway line was a branch railway in the Granite Belt region of Queensland, Australia.
Cottonvale on the Southern Line between Warwick and Stanthorpe, acquired its name from one Private E Cotton a local who enlisted in the Australian Air Force. Construction of a 20-kilometre line west of Cottonvale to the village of Amiens was authorised in 1919 to assist returned soldiers who had been granted land in the region. Fruit destined for the Brisbane and Sydney markets was the main purpose of the branch.
The Amiens line was the highest in southern Queensland, with the railway reaching an elevation of 946 metres above sea level at Pozieres. Construction commenced in 1919 and the line was opened on 7 June 1920. Edward, Prince of Wales travelled the length of the Amiens branch in a royal train to officially open the line on 26 July 1920.
The Amiens branch was designed to serve an agricultural area developed for the settlement of returned servicemen after the First World War. For this reason, all the stations along the line were named after battlegrounds on the Western Front - Fleurbaix, Pozieres, Bullecourt, Passchendaele, Bapaume and Messines. The line was not built to convey passengers but rather to transport fruit from the soldiers' orchards to markets. The line closed on 28 February 1974.
References.
"Toowoomba to Wallangarra" A History of the Line by Greg Hallam 2001
"Triumph of the Narrow Gauge: A History of Queensland Railways" by John Kerr 1990 Boolarong Press, Brisbane

</doc>
<doc id="20273542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273542" title="Rock 'N India">
Rock 'N India

Rock 'N India was an annual music festival organized by event management company "DNA Networks", at the Palace Grounds in Bangalore. 
2008.
The first Rock 'N India festival was held on March 14, 2008. It included Indian bands such as Keinan and Sai, in addition to heavy metal headliners such as Megadeth and Machine Head. Over 14,700 people attended, many more than expected. The festival used two separate stages: "Stage A", the main stage for the headline acts, and the smaller "Stage B" for the opening bands. Rock 'N India was the first Indian rock festival to have an air guitar contest podium. The headlining act by Megadeth was criticized for poor sound quality. 
2009.
Iron Maiden headlined the second festival on February 15, 2009, as part of the last leg of their Somewhere Back In Time World Tour. This was the band's third visit to the subcontinent, having held the first concert of this tour, as well as a performance on the last leg of their A Matter Of Life And Death Tour, in Bangalore. The 2009 festival had attractions similar to those of the previous year, with the addition of a tattoo bar and an exhibition by the Force India Formula 1 team. The festival promoter was criticized for not making tickets available outside of Bangalore; this move was cited as a major cause for the event's low ticket sales compared to its predecessor. An estimated 17,000 people attended, down from the 40,000 that came to their first appearance in Bangalore in 2007. To compound the issues, the festival promoters were unable to get licenses for pyrotechnics and smoke machines.
2010.
The headliners for Rock 'N India 2010 were the Backstreet Boys, Richard Marx, Welsh guitarist/singer Jayce Lewis, and South African band Prime Circle.
2011.
The festival took place in Bangalore on October 30 and was headlined by heavy metal band Metallica., supported by Scottish band Biffy Clyro. This was Metallica's first performance in India. The Indian bands Guillotine and Inner Sanctum also performed. Attendance for the event was reported at around 29,000. Earlier it had been reported that the 2011 Rock 'N India would not take place. DNA Networks reportedly suffered in 2010 because of the losses .
2012.
The 2012 festival was a low key affair which featured thrash metal band Slayer, performing on October 20, and Carlos Santana on October 26. Each concert only garnered a few thousand people.
References.
http://metalbase.in/no-rock-n-india-in-2013-says-dna/

</doc>
<doc id="20273555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273555" title="Carlo Colombara">
Carlo Colombara

Carlo Colombara (born 1964 in Bologna, Italy) is an Italian operatic bass. He has sung leading roles in many major opera houses including Teatro alla Scala (Milan, Italy); the Vienna State Opera (Vienna, Austria); the Real Teatro di San Carlo (Naples, Italy); the Arena di Verona (Verona, Italy); the Royal Opera House (London, United Kingdom), and The Metropolitan Opera (New York City, New York, United States).
Biography.
Colombara began his training at age twelve with piano lessons and began singing from age fifteen, studying with Paride Venturi in Bologna. In 1986 he won the prize for the best Italian singer in the G.B. Viotti competition and the following year he won the As. Li.Co competition in Milan. He then made his professional début as Silva in Giuseppe Verdi's "Ernani" at the Teatro dell'Opera di Roma (Rome, Italy). With Zubin Mehta conducting, he performed in an open-air production of Giacomo Puccini's "Turandot" in the Forbidden City, (Beijing, China), which was recorded and broadcast worldwide. He currently lives in Barcelona, Spain.
Discography.
Colombara's discography includes recordings on compact disc (CD) and DVD for various labels.
It also includes broadcasts for radio (Radio France and Bayerischer Rundfunk (German radio), among others) and television from Teatro alla Scala, the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino and the Real Teatro di San Carlo.
CD.
Recitals
Operas
DVD.
Recitals
"(in composer order, then composition, then date)"

</doc>
<doc id="20273569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273569" title="Stakeholder management">
Stakeholder management

Stakeholder management supports an organization's strategic objectives by interpreting and influencing both the external and internal environments and by creating positive relationships with stakeholders through the appropriate management of their expectations and agreed objectives. Stakeholder management is a process and control that must be planned and guided by underlying principles. 
Stakeholder management within businesses, organizations, or projects prepares a strategy utilising information (or intelligence) gathered during the following common processes:
Stakeholder agreements is a collection of agreed decisions between stakeholders. This may be the lexicon of an organisation or project, the values of an initiative, the objectives or model of the organisation, etc. These should be signed by key stakeholder representatives.
Contemporary or modern business and project practice favours transparent, honest, and open stakeholder management processes. 
Recent developments in information technology and social media have made impact via mass media even more effective.

</doc>
<doc id="20273590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273590" title="Pascal Dombis">
Pascal Dombis

Pascal Dombis (born 1965) is a digital artist who uses computers and algorithms to produce excessive repetition of simple processes.
Life and work.
Dombis lives and works in Paris. He earned an engineering degree from the Insa University in Lyon. In 1987, he spent one year at Tufts University where he attended computer art classes at Boston Museum School and began to use computers and algorithms in his art. From 1994 to 2000, he participated in the fractalist exhibitions that were curated by the art critics Susan Conde and Henri-François Debailleux that used fractal theory to project a new paradigm for art. The fractalist show gathered various artist under this concept, such as like Miguel Chevalier, Carlos Ginzburg, Jean-Claude Meynard , Nabil Nahas and Joseph Nechvatal. In 1993, Dombis was awarded an honorary mention from Ars Electronica in Linz and in 2003 he received a Canon digital award.
Dombis is noted for his excessive use of simple algorithmic rules. When rules are input in an excessive process, new and unpredictable forms come to the fore and generate the unlikely; which is not dissimilar with the way the Surrealist exquisite corpse operated. Dombis initially worked with simplistic rules: drawing a straight line for instance. But then he used digital tools to reach the wildest proliferations possible. Visual forms appear (they are not intentionally programmed) out of the excessive enforcement of autonomous and simple rules. So Dombis does not consciously conceive a structure in advance. He lays down simple rules and lets them go through a series of interactions. Through this abuse of technological processes, Dombis tries to confront the human viewer with 'his/her' own forms of primitive irrationality.
Frank Popper wrote:
Selected exhibitions.
Dombis's work has been shown in numerous exhibitions around the world and is part of several public and private collections. In 2005 Dombis started to work on spam proliferations and realized several installations at Château de Linardié in Senouillac. In collaboration with the London based sound artist Thanos Chrysakis, he developed "BLINK" an interactive digital video art installation based on the blinking experience. "Blink" was first displayed at the Slought Foundation in Philadelphia in 2006. Recent exhibitions include the digital art biennial of São Paulo where he realized a monumental outdoor digital print installation of 300 square meters. His work was included in the 2008 retrospective "Imaging by numbers: a historical view of the computer print" at the Mary and Leigh Block Museum of Art in Evanston, Illinois.
In 2010, Dombis realized "Text(e)~Fil(e)s", a monumental 252 meter long floor ribbon commissioned by the French Ministry of Culture for the Palais-Royal in Paris. Composed of thousands of written text lines borrowed from various authors who have written on the Palais Royal, this temporary installation invited visitors to a stroll while reading a single text or experiencing a non-linear reading.
In 2013, Dombis participated in "Noise", an official collateral show of the "55th Venice Biennale of Art", based on Joseph Nechvatal’s book "Immersion Into Noise". He presented "Post-Digital Mirror", a large lenticular piece that follows the observer’s movements and produces organic and irregular shapes and lines.

</doc>
<doc id="20273592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273592" title="Grayson County News Gazette">
Grayson County News Gazette

Grayson County News Gazette is a semi-daily newspaper published on Wednesdays and Saturdays. It is based in Leitchfield, Kentucky.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="20273614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273614" title="Keisuke Funatani">
Keisuke Funatani

He was a member of U-20 Japan national football team for 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Career statistics.
As of 4 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20273620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273620" title="Debby (polar bear)">
Debby (polar bear)

Debby (1966 – November 17, 2008) was the world's oldest polar bear. She lived in the Assiniboine Park Zoo in Winnipeg. In August 2008, the "Guinness Book of World Records" certified her as not only the oldest polar bear, but one of the three oldest individuals ever recorded of all bear species.
Debby was born in the Soviet Arctic in 1966, and subsequently orphaned; she arrived in Winnipeg when she was a year old.
In November of 2008, she was found to be suffering from multiple organ failure, and was subsequently euthanized. She was 42 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="20273656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273656" title="Sunset Stampede">
Sunset Stampede

The Sunset Stampede is an annual set of races hosted by the town of Asheville, North Carolina as part of its Mountain Sports Festival. It is sponsored by Asheville's Mission Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="20273663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273663" title="Aleksandr Ivanovich Filippov">
Aleksandr Ivanovich Filippov

Aleksandr Ivanovich Filippov () (born in 1892; died in 1962) was an association football player.
International career.
Filippov made his debut for Russia on 30 June 1912 in a 1912 Olympics game against Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="20273664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273664" title="Mystic Falls">
Mystic Falls

Mystic Falls is a cascade type waterfall on the Little Firehole River, a tributary of the Firehole River. Originally named "Little Firehole Falls" by members of the 1872 Hayden Geologic Survey, the name was changed to "Mystic Falls" by members of the Arnold Hague Geological Survey in 1885 for unknown reasons.
Mystic Falls is reached via the Mystic Falls Trail which starts at Biscuit Basin in the Upper Geyser Basin.

</doc>
<doc id="20273677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273677" title="Enrica Antonioni">
Enrica Antonioni

Enrica Fico Antonioni (Cavi di Lavagna, 1954) is an Italian actress, film director and artist, the widow of Michelangelo Antonioni. She directed "Con Michelangelo" (2005), "Fare un film per me è vivere" (1996) and "Noto, Mandorli, Vulcano, Stromboli, Carnevale" (1993) films. She is also the assistant director of "Michelangelo Eye to Eye" (2005).

</doc>
<doc id="20273690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273690" title="HMQS Midge">
HMQS Midge

HMQS "Midge" was a torpedo launch that served with the Queensland Maritime Defence Force, the Commonwealth Naval Forces and the Royal Australian Navy. After entering service in 1887, "Midge" served as "picquet boat" along the Brisbane River until Federation in 1901, when she was transferred to the Commonwealth. After this, she served as a training boat until 1912 when she was decommissioned. 
Construction and design.
Following the formation of the Queensland Maritime Defence Force the colonial government decided to supplement the recently acquired vessels with a small torpedo launch. HMQS "Midge" was specifically built in England by J. Samuel White, Cowes, for this purpose and shipped out to Australia in 1887. She was of wooden construction using a combination of teak and mahogany, and cost 5,000 pounds sterling. Displacing 12 tons, she was long, had a beam and a draught of . The ship was armed with one 3-pounder gun, two machine guns, and had two sets of dropping gear for 14 inch torpedoes.
Service history.
Like HMQS "Mosquito", she was never commissioned but simply placed into service when required and therefore was usually moored at the Naval Stores Depot at Kangaroo Point on the Brisbane River. She served as a "picquet boat" until Federation in 1901 when she was transferred to the Commonwealth and served as a training ship. "Midge" was still on strength in 1911 when the Royal Australian Navy was formed but she was stripped and paid off the next year. "Midge"s engines were found to be in such good condition that they went on to be used for many years at the Royal Australian Navy's engineering school. The hull was sold as a private yacht in 1912, and was renamed "Nola II".

</doc>
<doc id="20273696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273696" title="Frank Beebe">
Frank Beebe

Frank Lyman Beebe (1914 – 15 November 2008) was a prominent falconer, writer and wildlife illustrator from Canada. 

</doc>
<doc id="20273697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273697" title="Yōsuke Nozaki">
Yōsuke Nozaki


</doc>
<doc id="20273730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273730" title="Buccaneer Bay">
Buccaneer Bay

Buccaneer Bay is a name for many water and amusement parks, such as:

</doc>
<doc id="20273740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273740" title="Junya Yamashiro">
Junya Yamashiro

Yamashiro previously played for Cerezo Osaka and Sagan Tosu.

</doc>
<doc id="20273747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273747" title="Pyotr Filippov">
Pyotr Filippov

Pyotr Pavlovich Filippov () (born September 21, 1893 in Saint Petersburg; died October 9, 1965) was a Russian Soviet football player.
International career.
Filippov made his debut for USSR on November 16, 1924 in a friendly against Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="20273751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273751" title="Quiksilver Pro France">
Quiksilver Pro France

Quiksilver Pro France is an event on the ASP World Surfing Tour. The event is held every year at Seignosse, Capbreton and Hossegor in France at the end of September and in the beginning of October.

</doc>
<doc id="20273764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273764" title="Yasumichi Uchima">
Yasumichi Uchima


</doc>
<doc id="20273777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273777" title="Karel Rüütli">
Karel Rüütli

Karel Rüütli (born on 26 December 1978 in Valga) was Chairman of the Estonian People's Union ("Eestimaa Rahvaliit") and also leader of Estonian People's Union faction in the Estonian Parliament. He left the ERL and joined the Social Democratic Party of Estonia on 14 June 2010.
Education.
Karel Rüütli acquired secondary education in Valga Gümnaasium in 1997. Rüütli continued his studies in the Estonian University of Life Sciences ("Eesti Maaülikool") in the Institute of Forestry and Rural Engineering and graduated 2004. He wrote his candidate thesis on the topic of forestry politics in Estonia.
Career.
From 2005 to 2007 Karel Rüütli has been Political Advisor in the Ministry of the Environment. He was elected to the Municipal Council of the City of Tartu from 2005 to 2007. He has been a member of the Council of Association of Estonian Cities. In April 2007, he was elected to the National Parliament. 
He has been member of supervisory boards of several state or municipal owned companies: Estonian Lottery (2003–2007), National Forest Administration (2005–2007) and Tartu Waterworks (2005–2007).
At the moment he is member of the Estonian Parliament (Riigikogu) and the Leader of the Parliamentary Fraction. He specialized in issues of educational affairs and civil control of police, prosecution and intelligent agencies being member of the Cultural Affairs Committee and the Security Authorities Surveillance Select Committee.
Party-Political Career.
Karel Rüütli has been a member of Estonian People's Union from 2001 and a member of the party's Executive Committee from 2002.
From 2001 to 2003 he was the Chairperson of the party's Youth Organisation ("Rahvaliidu Noored"). He has been from 2005 to 2008 the Vice-Chairperson of the Party Council.
From November 2008 to 28 May 2010 he was the Chairperson of the Party being the youngest chairs of parties represented in the national parliament. He left the ERL with Jaanus Marrandi, Jaan Õunapuu and Rein Randverd on 14th June, 2010 and they subsequently joined the Social Democratic Party of Estonia after the failed merger attempt with Social Democrats.
Community and Society.
Karel is a member of Estonian Society of Foresters ("Eesti Metsaüliõpilaste Selts"), the Alumni Club of the Federation of Estonian Student Unions, Alumni Association of Valga Gymnasium and a member of Supervisory Board of Heino Teder Forestry Farm Training Centre Foundation.
Karel started his active social life in the secondary school being one of the leaders of the student council.
From 2000 to 2002 he was Vice-Chair of the executive board of the Student Union of the Estonian University of Life Sciences, also a member of the university council and a member of the Council of the Federation of Estonian Student Unions. In 2002 he was one of the founders of the Foundation of the Student Union of Estonian University of Life Sciences.
Personal life.
Karel Rüütli lives together with his fiancée Merylin and their two sons - Karl-Erik and Hans-Robert.

</doc>
<doc id="20273784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273784" title="Henry Dutton (cricketer)">
Henry Dutton (cricketer)

Henry Dutton (January 17, 1847 — January 1, 1935) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Hampshire. He was born in Paddington and died in Hampshire.
Dutton made a single first-class appearance, during the 1875 season, against Kent. From the lower order, he scored 0 not out in the first innings in which he batted, and 7 not out in the second innings.

</doc>
<doc id="20273808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273808" title="Sergei Filippov">
Sergei Filippov

Sergei Pavlovich Filippov () (born in 1892; died in 1942) was an association football player.
International career.
Filippov made his debut for Russia on 30 June 1912 in a 1912 Olympics against Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="20273815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273815" title="Takuya Muro">
Takuya Muro

Club career stats.
As of 12 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20273824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273824" title="East View Stakes">
East View Stakes

The East View Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Aqueduct Racetrack in Queens, New York. It is restricted to fillies bred in the State of New York. Run in early December, the race
is contested on dirt over a distance of 11/16 miles.
The race was inaugurated in 1910 at the Empire City Race Track in Yonkers, New York as a contest for horses of either sex. Due to a New York State ban on parimutuel betting there was no race run in 1911, 1912, or 1913. It was not run in 1915 and in 1953 the event was suspended indefinitely. It was revived in 1978 with its current entry restrictions. The race was hosted by the Jamaica Racetrack from 1943 through 1946, at Belmont Park in 1947, and again at the Jamaica Racetrack from 1948 through 1953 after which it was moved to its present location at Aqueduct Racetrack.
The race was named for "East View," the name of the Westchester County, New York estate of James Butler, founder of the Empire City Race Track.
Notable winners from the pre 1953 era include National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame inductees Native Dancer and Tom Fool. In the 1942 edition of the East View Stakes, Gold Shower upset Count Fleet.
On its return in 1978 as a race for fillies only, the East View Stakes was contested at a distance of seven furlongs until 1982 when it was run at one mile (eight furlongs). From 1987 through 1992 it reverted to seven furlongs then in 1993 it was run on turf at a distance of one mile. In 1994 the distance was set at its current 11/16 miles (eight and one half furlongs). 
In 2012 it was again run at 1 mile.
Records.
Speed record: (since 1994 at current distance of 11/16 miles)
Most wins by a jockey:

</doc>
<doc id="20273849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273849" title="Indian Rummy">
Indian Rummy

Indian Rummy or Paplu is a card game in India with little variation from original rummy. It may be considered a cross between Rummy 500 (500 rum) and Gin rummy. It is played with 13 cards and at least two decks, and sometimes jokers (wild cards). It could be that Indian Rummy evolved from a version of Rummy in South Asia that goes by the name "Celebes Rummy", also called Rhuk.
Two kinds of sets are possible: a run of consecutive suited cards, and three or four of a kind (with no duplicate suits.) The basic requirement for winning a hand is at least two sequences, one of which must be "pure", i.e., made without any jokers.
Legal status.
Rummy has been declared by the courts of law to be a game of skill or mere skill. Games of skill or mere skill are excluded from the applicability of laws prohibiting betting and gambling ('Betting and Gambling' being a state subject under the Constitution of India) in all states to the exception of a few. Playing rummy online is also legal in India
Jokers.
In addition to the standard jokers in the deck, one player selects a card out of the stock. This card determines an additional set of jokers for that hand in the following manner:
Scoring.
At the conclusion of the hand, the unmade points held by the losing players are totalled. Scoring is generally rounded off to the nearest five (for example, 62 points becomes 60).

</doc>
<doc id="20273876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273876" title="INQ1">
INQ1

The INQ1 is the first product of the Hutchinson Whampoa subsidiary, INQ. The INQ1 was released in December 2008 as a social-networking phone. Retailing at a cheaper price than competitors such as the iPhone, Blackberry Storm, G1 and Nokia 5800, it also contains slightly fewer features than other 3G 'smartphones'. It is thus marketed as an entry-level phone for users wanting to access websites and web-base applications from their mobile. The phone was created for the 3 phone network.
The INQ1 integrates a range of services such as Skype, Last.fm, Ebay, Facebook, Myspace and Windows Live Messenger. The inclusion of Facebook in a prominent position has led to its description as 'the Facebook phone'.
Reaction.
The phone received generally positive reviews upon release. Some were extremely positive, with its low price, easy integration of multiple social networking features and light weight all being quoted as positive features. In particular, the phone was seen as successful for a manufacturer's first handset. 
The phone was awarded 'best handset' at the 'Mobile World Congress' in February 2009 

</doc>
<doc id="20273880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273880" title="County Bank">
County Bank

A County Bank is a kind of financial institution with the purpose of boosting rural economic development, which has developed in China since 2005. 
In 2007, China Banking Regulatory Commission promulgated “The Temporary Rule of County Bank”, in which the establishment process, organization and structure, as well as business scope of a county bank are specified. 
Afterwards, CBRC further published two rules with detailed requirements on county banks, namely "Notice on Printing and Distributing the Guidelines for Examination and Approval of the Establishment of County Banks" and "Notice on the Relevant Policies for County Banks, Loan Companies, Rural Mutual Cooperatives and Small Loan Companies". 
Up to October 31, 2008, there are 62 county banks opened in China according to CBRC's report.

</doc>
<doc id="20273891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273891" title="LB&amp;SCR Richmond class">
LB&amp;SCR Richmond class

The LB&SCR Richmond class, 0-4-2 express passenger locomotives, were designed by William Stroudley of the London Brighton and South Coast Railway in 1877. They were a larger version of his "Lyons" class (D2) which were in turn developed from his successful "D-tank" class of 1873. 
The six locomotives in this class were built at Brighton railway works and appeared in traffic between October 1878 and March 1880, intended to replace earlier classes designed by John Chester Craven on the heaviest express trains between London and Brighton. They performed well on these duties for a decade but were eventually replaced by Stroudley's larger "Gladstone" class (B1). They were then transferred to Eastbourne and St Leonards to work on expresses from those towns.
During the winter of 1900/01 the class were transferred to the duplicate list. Withdrawal commenced in April 1901 and was completed by November 1904. No examples were preserved.
They were originally classified as "B class" together with the members of the larger "Gladstone class". As all six locomotives had been withdrawn before D.E. Marsh introduced his letter/number classification scheme, they were never allocated a formal class designation.

</doc>
<doc id="20273939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273939" title="Ith">
Ith

The Ith is a ridge in Germany's Central Uplands which is up to high. It lies about 40 km southwest of Hanover and, at 22 kilometres, is the longest line of crags in North Germany.
Geography.
Location.
The Ith is immediately northwest of the Hils ridge in the Leine Uplands. It runs in a northwest-southeast direction from Coppenbrügge in the north to Holzen in the south. The highest elevation on this forested knife-edge ridge is the "Lauensteiner Kopf" at which has an observation tower, the "Ithturm", and is located in the northern half of the Ith, the so-called "Krüllbrink", between the villages of Bisperode and Lauenstein. 
The streams on the Ith flow west via the Ilse, Remte and Lenne into the Weser or east via the Saale into the Leine.
The Ith is crossed by two roads: in the north by the L 425 between Haus Harderode and Lauenstein over the "Lauenstein Pass", and in the south by the B 240 between Lüerdissen and Capellenhagen over the "Holzener Pass".
Hills.
The highest hill on the densely forested Ith is the "Lauensteiner Kopf" at . It is located in the "Krüllbrink", the name of the northern part of the Ith and has an observation tower, the Ith Tower.
This hill, together with other summits, crags and foothills of the Ith are given below in order of their height in metres (m) above Normalnull (NN unless stated otherwise):
Sport and tourism.
The Ith is a popular destination especially for hikers, climbers and glider pilots. The ridgeway draws many walkers especially in the springtime, when trees and flowers are blossoming, due to the distinctive stands of Wood Anemone and Bulbous Corydalis. There are several well-signed footpaths on the Ith heights. The section from Bisperode to Holzen of European walking route E11 runs along the crest of the Ith.
There are a large number of striking rock formations ("Klippen") along the Ith ridge, some of which may be used for climbing. These include the "Lüerdissener Klippen" that are up to 30 m high. As a result, the Ith is the busiest climbing area in the state of Lower Saxony. Almost all the rocks are named; examples include the "Adam und Eva", the "Kamel", the "Teufelsküche" ("Devil's Kitchen"), the "Mönchstein" ("Monk's Rock"), the "Krötenkopf" ("Frog's Head"), and the "Garwindelstein".
At the southern end of the ridge, north of the parish of Holzen – reached over the Holzen Pass (B 240) – lies below the 395 m high Rothenstein the Ithwiesen Glider Airfield used by the aviation sports club of Ithwiesen.
There has been an airfield on the crest of the Ith since the early 1930s. In 1942 the Nazi leadership established the Ith Reichs Glider School in Holzen-Ith. Many pilots received their basic flying training there until the end of the war. After the war ended British occupation forces used the terrain as a "Rest Centre", a type of recreation centre. In 1949 the AHQ Gliding Club, to which up to 30 active pilots in the RAF belonged, took over training on the site. In 1971 the first community service school in Germany was established here, the "Zivildienstschule I". The present glider airfield is located somewhat south east of the original one and no longer uses the old buildings. On 8 June 1979 a Bundeswehr helicopter of the Alouette II type crashed on landing on the Ith airfield. The pilot from the 12th Army Aviation Squadron ("Heeresfliegerstaffel 12") and two accompanying soldiers of the 352nd Panzergrenadier Battalion ("Panzergrenadierbataillon 352") were killed. Since 8 June 1987 there has been a monument on the Ith in their memory.
On the Ith, but not at the top, there are two other glider airfields: Hellenhagen Airfield in Halle-Bremke and Ith-West Airfield in Bisperode.

</doc>
<doc id="20273952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273952" title="Viktor Fomin">
Viktor Fomin

Viktor Trokhymovych Fomin (, ; born 13 January 1929 in Sloviansk; died 29 December 2007) was a Ukrainian and Soviet football player. Mater of Sports of the USSR (1970). The first Ukrainian Player of the year (1950).
International career.
Fomin made his debut for USSR on 26 June 1955 in an away friendly game against Sweden in Stockholm when he came out as substitute on the 41st minute (the Soviet Union won the game 6:0). He played in a 1958 FIFA World Cup qualifier, but was not selected to the final tournament squad. He also participated in the away game against Bulgaria (21 July 1955 USSR 4:0) and Finland at Dynamo Stadium in Moscow (27 July 1955 USSR 2:1). In Bulgaria he also came out as a substitute on the 25th minute while playing a full game against Finland. Fomin participated in one unofficial friendly on 27 February 1955 in India where the Soviet Union was victorious 3:0. He played all 90 minutes of play-time.

</doc>
<doc id="20273953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20273953" title="List of High Commissioners of the United Kingdom to Barbados">
List of High Commissioners of the United Kingdom to Barbados

The High Commissioner of the United Kingdom to Barbados and the Eastern Caribbean is the United Kingdom's foremost diplomatic representative in Barbados, and in charge of the UK's diplomatic mission in Bridgetown, Barbados.
As fellow Commonwealth realms and members of Commonwealth of Nations, diplomatic relations between the United Kingdom and Barbados are at the governmental level, rather than between their Heads of State (Queen Elizabeth II is head of state of both). Thus, the countries exchange High Commissioners, rather than ambassadors.
The Barbados High Commission also covers several other nations in the Eastern Caribbean including:

</doc>
<doc id="20274011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274011" title="RATB route 77">
RATB route 77

Route 77 is a trolleybus route in Bucharest, run by RATB. 

</doc>
<doc id="20274014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274014" title="José Ibáñez">
José Ibáñez

José Audelio Ibáñez (born March 14, 1968 in Tunja, Boyacá) is a retired racing cyclist from Colombia, who was a professional from 1997 to 1998. He was nicknamed "El Barón Gallero" during his career.

</doc>
<doc id="20274030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274030" title="Wendover Will">
Wendover Will

Wendover Will is a sign created for the Stateline Casino in West Wendover, Nevada in 1952. It is now a landmark for the town of West Wendover.
History.
Pat Denner was commissioned to design the sign for the Stateline Casino in 1952. Denner had just completed the Vegas Vic sign that was erected in 1951. The sign was constructed by The Young Electric Sign Company.
Wendover Will was named after the town of Wendover and William Smith, who founded the Stateline Casino. The sign was intended to draw travelers in from US Highways 40 and 50, later known as Interstate 80. The sign includes of neon tubing.
When the Stateline Casino changed ownership, the sign was donated to West Wendover. The town spent approximately $200,000 to restore the sign; the restoration was done by The Young Electric Sign Company. Wendover Will was moved to Wendover Boulevard in the town's center and a ribbon-cutting ceremony was held on June 9, 2005.
Recognition.
When the town of West Wendover was incorporated in 1991, the sign was included on the city's seal. Wendover Will was included in the "Guinness Book of Records" as the "World's Largest Mechanical Cowboy".

</doc>
<doc id="20274077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274077" title="Nikita Khromov">
Nikita Khromov

Nikita Akimovich Khromov () (born in 1892 in Saint Petersburg; died in 1934 in Rostov-on-Don) was a Russian and Soviet football player.
International career.
Khromov made his debut for Russia on 30 June 1912 in a 1912 Olympics game against Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="20274084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274084" title="Naoto Matsuo">
Naoto Matsuo

A left sided defender / midfielder who started his professional career with Vissel Kobe. He played 145 games in the top level, scoring 6 times from 1998 until 2009, with Kobe, FC Tokyo and Albirex Niigata. He was occasionally used as a right back.
He is now playing for Japanese amateur team FC Osaka in the country's 5th division.
Career statistics.
Last update: 19:16, 20 November 2012 (UTC)

</doc>
<doc id="20274113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274113" title="St Aubyn's School">
St Aubyn's School

St Aubyn's School is a co-educational, independent, preparatory school, situated in Woodford Green, England, with around 500 pupils aged between 3 and 13.
History.
The school was founded by James Crump. It began in 1884 as a boys' day and boarding preparatory school opposite Bancroft's School in Woodford Wells, moving to Broomhill Walk in 1893. 
Since 1923 the school has been situated in Bunces Lane, where its main building was once a large private town house called Pyrmont Villa, which later extended into the adjoining parklands. During the Second World War, the school was taken over by the army and the field was used as an army parade ground, during which time the school decamped to Cumberland. The school became a charitable trust in 1975, and became co-educational in 1995.
Performing Arts.
The school has a strong commitment to dance, drama and music. It has been awarded the Artsmark Silver award by the Arts Council. There are regular plays, performances and concerts by children of all ages.
Cadet Corps.
St Aubyn's is the only preparatory school in the UK to have a Cadet Corps. It is formed into three companies. Blue Coy cater for Year 4 and 5, Training Coy, Years 6-8 and Junior Coy for cadets who pass their 1 star training. They parade once a week, and as well as their annual camp, meet on numerous weekends to work on Fieldcraft, Navigation, Skill at Arms, Signals, Campcraft and Leadership. 
The Comenius Project.
The Comenius project founded by the European Union connects St Aubyn's School to schools in the Czech Republic, Italy, Poland and Turkey. This has included school exchanges and performances. The school started to take part in the Comenius scheme in 2007 and received the British Council's International School Award in 2008, in a ceremony hosted by George Alagaya in London.
Inspection.
The report of the Independent Schools Inspectorate concludes as follows: ‘St Aubyn’s very successfully achieves its aims to provide a safe learning environment for all its pupils, including the EYFS and enables them to become self confident enquiring learners who are sociable and responsible, as well as being tolerant and responsive to each others talents and needs. Its many outstanding aspects include pupils’ personal development particularly their cultural development and the leadership training they receive in Years 7 and 8. Pupils’ relationships with their peers and teachers result in happy confident boys and girls throughout the school, who settle to work quickly and generally behave well. Links with parents and the community are outstanding as is the range of extra- curricular activities. Assessment and the provision for different academic needs is also exceptionally effective. These high standards also apply to the pre-prep. They are made possible by the committed and highly experienced leadership of the head and management team and the hard work and dedication of all staff. St Aubyn’s is a truly happy multi-cultural community.’ (February 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="20274114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274114" title="The Puppy Episode">
The Puppy Episode

"The Puppy Episode" is a two-part episode of the situation comedy television series "Ellen". The episode details lead character Ellen Morgan's realization that she is a lesbian and her coming out. It was the 22nd and 23rd episode of the series' 4th season. The episode was written by series star Ellen DeGeneres with Mark Driscoll, Tracy Newman, Dava Savel and Jonathan Stark and directed by Gil Junger. It originally aired on ABC on April 30, 1997.
DeGeneres began negotiating with ABC in 1996 to have Morgan come out. When word of the negotiations got out, DeGeneres found herself at the center of intense speculation about when she or her character, or both, would come out. With DeGeneres hinting at her and her character's coming out both within the show and off-screen, the rumors were confirmed when the episode went into production in March 1997.
Despite threats from advertisers and religious groups, "The Puppy Episode" was an enormous ratings success, won multiple awards and became a cultural phenomenon. Regardless of the episode's success, DeGeneres and her show quickly garnered criticism for being "too gay"; the series was canceled after one more season and DeGeneres and guest star Laura Dern faced career backlash.
Plot.
Ellen goes out to dinner with her old friend Richard, a reporter who is in town to cover a story. His producer, Susan, joins them for dessert and she and Ellen hit it off. Ellen goes back to Richard's hotel room. He comes on to her and, uncomfortable, Ellen leaves. She runs into Susan in the hall and returns with her to her room. They continue to enjoy each other's company until Susan tells Ellen that she's gay and that she thought Ellen might be too. Ellen denies it and suggests that Susan is trying to "recruit" her. Susan sarcastically says that she'll have to call "national headquarters" and let them know Ellen got away. ("Damn, just one more and I would have gotten that toaster oven.") An agitated Ellen leaves Susan's room and returns to Richard's room, determined to have sex with him to prove to herself she is not gay.
The next day, Ellen tells her friends at the bookstore that she and Richard had amazing sex. She tells her therapist the truth, that she could not have sex with Richard. Ellen laments that she just wants someone that she clicks with. Her therapist asks if she has ever clicked with anyone and Ellen replies, "Susan."
A message from Richard that he is leaving town ahead of schedule sends Ellen rushing to the airport to see Susan. Ellen tells Susan that she was right and struggles to say the word. Finally, Ellen is able to say, "I'm gay," inadvertently broadcasting her announcement over the airport's public address system. Ellen assumes that Susan will be leaving with Richard but in fact Susan will be staying in town for several more days.
Ellen has a dream in which she is grocery shopping. She is offered a special lesbian discount on melons, her sexuality is announced to the other shoppers, she is offered a granola bar, she is beckoned toward a checkout lane with a pink triangular sign reading "10 lesbians or less" and given her grocery total of "a lesbian twenty-nine" ($11.29). She discusses the dream with her therapist and realizes that she's been suppressing her sexuality for many years. Her therapist encourages her to come out to her friends but Ellen is worried about not being accepted. 
Ellen has her friends over to come out to them. Before they arrive, she comes out to her gay neighbor Peter. When everyone else arrives, Ellen balks at telling them but Peter outs her, exclaiming "For god's sake, Ellen, tell them you're gay!" Ellen confirms that it's true and her friends are all supportive of her, although her friend Paige is hesitant.
The next day Ellen and Susan are at the bookstore. Susan tells Ellen that she does have feelings for her but she is in a long-term relationship. Ellen is heartbroken and Susan leaves. To cheer her up, her friends take her to a lesbian coffeehouse. There Ellen mistakenly thinks her waitress is coming on to her and is chagrined when a woman flirts with Paige instead of her.
Under the closing credits, Susan leads Ellen over to Melissa Etheridge, who confirms that Ellen is gay and, after completing the necessary paperwork, awards Susan a toaster oven.
Production.
By the end of the third season of "Ellen", producers were becoming frustrated by the series' lack of focus and the lack of interest that the character Ellen Morgan displayed toward the standard sitcom tropes of dating and relationships. One producer suggested that since the character showed no inclination toward dating, she should get a puppy. "It was an indication of just how lost the show was that network executives would be excited by Ellen buying a puppy", said executive producer Mark Driscoll. It was this suggestion that served as the source of the coming out episode's name. In the summer of 1996 DeGeneres and the show's other writers opened negotiations with ABC and its parent company, Disney, to have Ellen Morgan come out during season four. Word of the secret negotiations leaked in September of that year, sparking a storm of speculation as to whether the character, the actress, or both would come out. The LGBT media watchdog group Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD) launched a "Let Ellen Out!" campaign, including an "Ellen Watch" website. Disney rejected the first draft of the script, with Disney executive Dean Valentine stating that it did not go far enough. Director Junger reported that Valentine said "'If we're going to do it, let's do it.' Once he said to go as far as we could, it became great fun to write." Once final approval from Disney was secured, ABC announced on March 3, 1997 that Ellen Morgan would be coming out. "The Puppy Episode" went into production on March 7. Guest stars sought to be a part of the project. According to writer/producer Driscoll, "Suddenly all these talented actors were lining up to be in the episode. It had a buzz around it that it would be an historic episode. When Oprah came on—and she was so wonderful and open and giving—it suddenly had this great weight to it."
With word of the episode out, backlash began. The studio received at least one bomb threat and Driscoll received a telephone call informing him he was going to Hell. DeGeneres was followed by car to the studio on at least one occasion by a "suspicious man". Some within the entertainment industry assumed that the coming out was simply a ratings stunt, to which DeGeneres responded, "I did it selfishly for myself and because I thought it was a great thing for the show, which desperately needed a point of view."
DeGeneres began dropping hints in the episodes leading up to "The Puppy Episode" that she was planning to come out in real life and have her character come out as well, including such sight gags as Ellen Morgan stumbling into an actual closet so that she could come out of it. She also invited comment with her off-screen actions, as when she kissed k.d. lang while presenting her with an award at a Los Angeles Gay and Lesbian Center function in early 1997. DeGeneres finally officially came out in "TIME" magazine, with an April 14, 1997 cover emblazoned with the words, "Yep, I'm Gay". She appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" with then-girlfriend Anne Heche the day "The Puppy Episode" was set to air.
DeGeneres commented on her months of hinting at her sexuality and the media frenzy within the episode itself, giving Ellen Morgan's friends lines like "Ellen, are you coming out or not?!" and "Yeah, quit jerking us around and come out already!" Morgan's therapist comments that if Morgan does not come out she will "continue to have these dreams and then it's going to show up in your waking life as these little clues that get more and more obvious. And eventually tiresome." She also says that Morgan cannot blame her reluctance to come out on the media.
Reception.
"The Puppy Episode" and DeGeneres's attendant coming out generated enormous publicity before the show aired. Right-wing groups like the American Family Association pressured ABC to drop the storyline and "Ellen" sponsors not to advertise; two occasional advertisers, J. C. Penney and Chrysler, decided not to buy time during the episode. Another sponsor, Wendy's, decided not to advertise on "Ellen" again at all. Despite these losses of potential advertisers, ABC turned away ads from two LGBT-oriented sponsors, the Human Rights Campaign (HRC) and lesbian vacation company Olivia Cruises. Jerry Falwell called DeGeneres "Ellen Degenerate", to which DeGeneres responded, "I've been getting that since the fourth grade. I guess I'm happy I could give him work." GLAAD organized "Come Out With Ellen" house parties across the United States and HRC created "Ellen Coming Out House Party" kits that included invitations, posters and an Ellen trivia game. HRC had initially planned to send out about 300 kits. Deluged with requests, they ended up sending out about 3,000. ABC affiliate WBMA-LP in Birmingham, Alabama, citing "family values", first sought ABC's permission to move the episode out of prime-time to a late-night slot. When ABC declined the request, the affiliate refused to air the episode at all. Local LGBT organization Pride Birmingham arranged for a satellite feed of the episode and rented a 5,000-seat theatre for a viewing party, which sold out. Local activists circulated a petition requesting that Abilene, Texas-area affiliate KTXS-TV not air the episode but were unsuccessful.
"The Puppy Episode" was the highest-rated episode ever of "Ellen", drawing some 42 million viewers. "The Puppy Episode" won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series and a second for Outstanding Multi-Camera Picture Editing. The episode won a Peabody Award and DeGeneres won a GLAAD Media Award in 1998. Ellen Morgan's coming out has been described as "the most hyped, anticipated, and possibly influential gay moment on television". GLAAD credits "Ellen" with paving the way for such LGBT-themed programming as "Will and Grace", "The L Word", and "Ugly Betty" and it has been suggested that "Ellen" and these other series presenting LGBT characters have helped to reduce societal prejudice against LGBT people. The episode was ranked #46 on "TV Guide"'s list of "100 Greatest Episodes of All-Time".
Following "The Puppy Episode", "Ellen" was renewed for another season. ABC prefaced each episode of season five with a parental advisory warning. DeGeneres strongly criticized ABC for including the warnings, saying in an interview with "Entertainment Weekly", "It was like this voice like you're entering some kind of radiation center. It was very offensive, and you don't think that's going to affect ratings?" DeGeneres further noted what she believed to be hypocrisy on the part of ABC, citing episodes of ABC series "The Drew Carey Show" and "Spin City" which included two men kissing (the Carey episode was even promoted using the kiss). "There's no disclaimer on "Carey" show at all, because it's two heterosexual men, and they're making fun of heterosexuality...["Spin City" aired without a disclaimer] because neither (Michael J. Fox nor Michael Boatman) is really gay in real life." Episodes after "The Puppy Episode" dealt with Ellen's coming out to her parents and boss, quitting her job at the bookstore and finding a series of new jobs. Other episodes dealt with her search for a romantic partner and learning more about the LGBT community. Even some gay people began criticizing the amount of gay content in the series, including Chastity Bono, who was at the time working for GLAAD. Bono was quoted as saying, "["Ellen"] is so gay it's excluding a large part of our society. A lot of the stuff on it is somewhat of an inside joke. It's one thing to have a gay lead character, but it's another when every episode deals with specific gay issues." Bono would later say that the comments were taken out of context. "Ellen" was canceled after its fifth season.
With the cancellation of "Ellen", DeGeneres focused her energy on stand-up comedy, where she had begun her career. She returned to network television in 2001 with the short-lived "The Ellen Show", in which her character Ellen Richmond was openly lesbian from the start, before finding renewed success with her talk show "The Ellen DeGeneres Show".
Guest star Laura Dern faced backlash over her appearance on the show. In a 2007 interview for Degeneres's talk show commemorating the tenth anniversary of "The Puppy Episode," Dern stated that she did not work for a year and a half because of playing Susan. Nonetheless, Dern said that she was grateful for the "extraordinary experience and opportunity" of being a part of the episode. Speaking of her experience, DeGeneres said, "It was a huge step in my life. I think people sensed the honesty in it. I think it helped a lot of people, and still to this day I hear about parents and children being able to have an honest conversation through watching that show. That's ultimately what television can be: It can get conversations started."

</doc>
<doc id="20274142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274142" title="Roads in Fraser's Hill">
Roads in Fraser's Hill

Roads in Fraser's Hill, Federal Route are the federal roads in Fraser's Hill, Pahang, Malaysia. The roads are maintained by the Malaysian Public Works Department (JKR) and the Fraser's Hill Development Corporation (FHDC).
Route background.
There are eleven federal roads (Federal Route ) in Fraser's Hill including Jalan Mager, Jalan Valley, Jalan Peninjau, Jalan Genting, Jalan Lady Guillemard, Jalan Lady Maxwell, Jalan Quarry, Jalan Red Cross, Jalan Richmond, Jalan Pine Tree and Jalan Megador.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 422 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="20274176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274176" title="Nesrećnice nije te sramota">
Nesrećnice nije te sramota

"Nesrećnice nije te sramota" is a single from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba. The single was given as a gift to the buyers of Riblja Čorba 1987 album "Ujed za dušu".
B-side features song "Zašto kuće arlauče".

</doc>
<doc id="20274193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274193" title="2001 Cincinnati Masters">
2001 Cincinnati Masters

The 2001 Cincinnati Masters was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 100th edition of the Cincinnati Masters and was part of the Tennis Masters Series of the 2001 ATP Tour. It took place at the Lindner Family Tennis Center in Cincinnati, Ohio in the United States from August 5 through August 12, 2001.
The tournament had previously appeared as part of Tier III of the WTA Tour but no event was held from 1989 to 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20274208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274208" title="Italian Pakistani">
Italian Pakistani

Italian Pakistani or Pakistani Italian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20274210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274210" title="Totomi game">
Totomi game

Totomi is an animal totem pole building game by award winning game studio Rovio mobile. The basic idea of the game is to build as many totems as high as possible and as fast as possible. To build totems in Totomi you must pile up animals blocks from assembly lines into three game slots and the object is to get as many points as possible before time runs out by collecting these totems.
Building Totems.
To grow the Totomi totems you must match animals together and the higher totems you build the more time you will be given. Totomi's totem building system is based on the animal's relationships to each other (e.g.: If the animals mate, if they're friendly or whether one animal eats the other animal) 
'Breeding:' If for example you place a zebra on top of another zebra in one of the slots this means there has been breeding, which allows your totem to grow. This rule applies to all animals of the same species.
'Eating:' An example of this is if the assembly line gives you a leaf, you can feed the leaf to all plant eating animals like zebras, beavers, elephants, foxes, hippos and bears and, once consumed, your totem grows. Also in the game beavers can eat wood and fish. Birds can eat fish. Lions can eat zebras and beavers. Foxes can eat mice, birds and fish. Cats eat birds, fish and mice. Bears eat fish and leaves; crocodiles eat fish, birds, zebras, lions, cats, foxes and beavers.
'Friends:' Totems in Totomi are also built by making friend totems. These totems consist of animals that get along in the wild. For example birds, zebras, elephants and hippos can all be together in a friendly Totomi totem. Birds are also friendly with hippos.
Destroying Totems.
If you have a large animal (elephant, hippo or bear) that doesn't fit into any of your totems being built it will cause the animals in the totems to get angry or scarred and when the larger animal is dropped the animals below it in the totem get scared and get pushed away. Also some animals scare other animals away. Mice scare away elephants. Cats scare away foxes. Hippos scare away mice, beavers and crocodiles. Bears scare away mice, beavers, hippos and cats. Elephants scare away lions, beavers, fish and crocodiles.
Collecting Totems.
If your time is running out, you can cash in your totem by placing a non-matching animal on top of the totem you have built, for example by placing a bird on top of a totem made up of zebras.

</doc>
<doc id="20274234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274234" title="The Very Best of Bachman–Turner Overdrive">
The Very Best of Bachman–Turner Overdrive

The Very Best of Bachman–Turner Overdrive is a 2001 compilation album by Bachman–Turner Overdrive. It was released in Europe by Falcon Neue Medien.
Line-ups.
Tracks 1, 2, 3 and 12:<br>
Randy Bachman - lead guitar, lead vocals<br>
Fred Turner - bass guitar, lead vocals<br>
Tim Bachman - guitar, vocals<br>
Robbie Bachman - drums
Tracks 4-11:<br>
Randy Bachman - lead guitar, lead vocals<br>
Fred Turner - bass guitar, lead vocals<br>
Blair Thornton - 2nd lead guitar, backing vocals<br>
Robbie Bachman - drums
Track 13:<br>
Fred Turner - guitar, lead vocals<br>
Jim Clench - bass guitar, vocals<br>
Blair Thornton - lead guitar, vocals<br>
Robbie Bachman - drums

</doc>
<doc id="20274256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274256" title="Saša">
Saša

Saša is a South Slavic given name. It is a diminutive of Aleksandar (see Sasha), but in the South Slavic countries it is often a formal name as well. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20274273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274273" title="T. V. Rao">
T. V. Rao

T.V. Rao, born on 14 March 1946, in Andhra Pradesh, India, is regarded as "The Father of Indian HRD" . A new Human Resource Development system emerged in India in 1974 with Dr. T.V. Rao and Dr. Udai Pareek heading the movement. It was started as a "Review Exercise of the Performance Appraisal System" for Larsen & Toubro by the duo from the Indian Institutes of Management, Ahmedabad (IIMA) which resulted in the development of a new function - The Human Resources Development Function. Dr. Rao and Dr Udai Pareek were instrumental in setting up the HRD Department for L&T and making it the first company in this part of the world to have fully Dedicated HRD Department.
Dr. Rao is also the founder president of the National HRD Network and the Indian Society for Applied Behavioural Sciences (ISABS). Dr. Rao had worked as a professor at the premier management institute of India - the IIM, Ahmedabad from 1973 - 1994. After leaving the IIMA, he started working for the Academy of Human Resources Development which was set up with support from RMCEI of IIMA. He worked as its Honorary Director for some time. As HRD started growing Larsen & Toubro instituted a HRD Chair Professorship at XLRI, Jamshedpur. Dr. T.V. Rao moved to XLRI as L&T Professor to set up the Centre for HRD. Dr. Rao has also contributed majorly in the field of competency mapping and defines competency mapping as the process of identification of the competencies required to perform successfully at a given point of time.
During the last few years, Dr. Rao has been popularizing the methodology of "Developing Leadership through Feedback by Known People" (DLFKP), which he developed in the mid 1980s at IIMA and worked on it along with Prof. P. N. Khandwalla, J.P. Singh and S. Ramnarayan. This methodology is now termed by other specialists as 360 degree feedback methodology. To popularize this methodology as a development tool, he has started a 360 degree feedback club and has also conducted over 50 workshops in the last five years in India, Thailand, Philippines, Nigeria and Egypt. Currently, he is developing HRD Auditors and Trainers of Development Centers and creating manuals for HRD Audit in an effort to make HRD Audit like ISO certification. The HR Score Card as known today was created by him much before it was published from the US.
Dr. Rao is a visiting faculty at IIM Ranchi now.
Professional career.
Dr.T. V.  Rao is currently Chairman, of TVRLS, Ahmedabad. He was Professor at the Indian Institute of Management,Ahmedabad for over 20 years beginning 1973. While at IIMA he was Chairman of the Post Graduate Program, Fellow Program, Public Systems Group, Ravi Matthai Centerand also coordinated the PGP review. He left in 1994 to serve as HonoraryDirector of the Academy of Human Resources Development. He set up TVRLS in1996, two years after he left IIMA.
Dr. Rao’s consulting work is in the areas of designing and managing HRD systems of various corporations in India and other Asian countries. He assisted a number of Organizations on various HR themes. Dr.Rao’s consulting experience includes agencies like the USAID, UNESCO, UNIDO, UNICEF,FAO, Commonwealth Secretariat, London; World Bank, Action Aid, Swiss Agency forDevelopment Cooperation, ICOMP etc. and various corporations like AlexandriaCarbon Black, Gulfar, CHR Oman, Commercial Bank, Kewalram Chanrai Group,Indorama Synthetics, Thai Carbon Black, etc. and covers countries including the USA, Mexico, UK, Netherlands,Egypt, Nigeria, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia,Thailand, Philippines, Gulf countries, South Africa etc.    
The organizations with which Dr. Rao assisted include: SAIL, NTPC, Indian Oil Corporation, HPCL, Bharat Petroleum,  NALCO, SBI, Bank of Baroda, Neyveli Lignite,MRL, BEML,  Reserve Bank of India; Larsen& Toubro, Voltas, Sundram Fasteners, EID Parry, TI Group, Crompton Greaves,Transpek Industries, BILT, NOCIL, IL&FS, Mahindra and Mahindra, Escorts, Tata Finance, Titan, Taj Group of Hotels, Tata Cummins, KPMG, ICI, Hindustan Levers, Pfizer, Chanrai Group (Nigeria), Indorama, Indonesia, Godfrey Phillips India, Amway, Nestle, Wockhardt, Wyeth, Fulford, Hemas group Sri Lanka, and several of the Tata Group and Aditya Birla Group companies.
Dr. Rao and Dr. Udai Pareek are credited to have established the first dedicated department of Human Resources Development at L&T in mid seventies much before HRD was known and made it popular. Dr.Rao has been working on HRD field for the last forty years. Dr. Rao is the first to start in India Leadership Development methodology in mid-eighties using what is later termed in the USA as 360 Degree Feedback. Dr. Rao’s HRD audit methodology is fist of its kind across the world and he started it and created a HRD Score card abed on the same. Dr. Rao has authored or coauthored or edited over 50 books dealing with HRD, Education Management, Health and Population Management, Entrepreneurship Development   etc.  Dr. Rao has won several awards for his outstanding contributions to HRD.   Most Recent Publication  Managers who Make a Difference: New Delhi: IIMA Books, Random House, And October 2010. Hurconomics:  for Talent Management: New Delhi:  Pearson Education, 2011 Nurturing Institutional Excellence: Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad. (edited by Vijaya Sherry Chand and T. V. Rao), New Delhi: MacMillan India, 2011 100 Managers in Action: New Delhi: Tata McGraw-Hill, 2012
Books by Rao.
1. 100 Managers in Action: New Delhi: Tata McGraw-hill, 2012 (with Charu Sharma)
2. Entrepreneurship: A South Asian Perspective by D. F. Kuratko and T. V. Rao: New Delhi: Cengage Learning, 2012
3. Nurturing Excellence: Indian Institute of Management, New Delhi: Macmillan, (Co-authored with Vijaya Sherry Chand, 2011)
4. Managers who Make a Difference: New Delhi: IIMA Book Series, 2010 Random House.
5. Life after 360 Degree Feedback and Assessment and Development Centres; Editors T. V. Rao, Nandini Chawla and S. Ramnarayan): New Delhi: Excel Books, 2010.
6. HR Best Practices; New Delhi: Steel Authority of India (jointly with Nisha Nair, Neharika Vohra, and Atul Srivastava), 2009.
7. HRD Score Card 2500; New Delhi: Sage, Response Books, 2008
8. Hurconomics; New Delhi: Oxford & IBH, 2008 Republished by Pearson Education: New Delhi, 2011..
9. The Power of 360 Degree Feedback; (Jointly with Mr. Raju Rao), New Delhi: Response Books, Sage, 2005. (Won Two awards as best Management book of the Year: DMA and ISTD)
10. The Future of HRD; New Delhi: Macmillan India, 2003
11. HRD in Asia: First Asian Research Conference on HRD; (jointly with Ramnarayan, Udai Pareek, AAhad Usman Gani) Academy of HRD, New Delhi: Oxford and IBH, 2003.
12. HRD Audit; New Delhi, Response Books, Sage Publications, 1999
13. Institutionalization of Innovations in Education; Ahmedabad: Swiss Agency for Development Cooperation & TVRLS, 1999  (With Jaya Indiresan and M G Jomon)
14. Changing Teacher Behaviour through Feedback; Hyderabad: ICFAI, 2006, (With Udai Pareek)
15. Training for Education Managers; New Delhi: Macmillan, 2005 (With Udai Pareek)
16. 360 Degree Feedback and Assessment & Development Centers; (edited by T V Rao and Nandini Chawla) New Delhi: Excel Publications, 2005
17. Performance Planning and Review Manuals; Ahmedabad: TVRLS, 2005
18. HR @ Heart of Business; (edited by TV Rao, A Gangopadhyay, RSS Mani), New Delhi: Excel Publications, 2002.
19. Performance Management and Appraisal Systems; New Delhi: Response Books, 2004
20. 360 Degree Feedback and Performance Management Systems; (Editors T V Rao, Gopal Mahapatra, Raju Rao and Nandini Chawla) Volume 2, Excel Publications: New Delhi 2002.
21. 360 degree Feedback and Performance Management systems Volume 1; (Editors: T V Rao and Raju Rao), Excel Publications: New Delhi, 2000.
22. Organizational Renewal in NGOs: Experiences and Cases; (Co-author with Uma Jain), Hyderabad: Academy of HRD, 1996
23. Organization Development: Interventions and Strategies; (Co edited with S Ramnaryan and Kuldeep Singh), New Delhi: 1998, New Delhi: Response Books
24. Pioneering Human Resources Development: The L&T System; Ahmedabad, Academy of HRD, 1998 (Co-author)
25. Redesigning Performance Appraisal System; 1996, Tata McGraw Hill, New Delhi
26. Human Resources Development: Experiences, Interventions Strategies; 1996, Sage Publications, New Delhi
27. Performance Appraisal and Review: Trainers Manual, Operating Manual and Skills Workbook; Learning Systems, New Delhi, 1978
28. Designing and Managing Human Resources Systems; Oxford & IBH Publications, New Delhi, 1981, 1991, 2003 (Co-author) (This book has won ESCORTS award as best management book in 1982)
29. Performance Appraisal: Theory and Practice; AIMA-Vikas Management Series, New Delhi, 1984 (Also translated into Bhasha Indonesia by PPM, Jakarta).
30. Recent Experiences in Human Resources Development; Oxford and IBH, New Delhi (edited by T.V. Rao and D.F. Pereira)
31. Alternative Approaches and Strategies of HRD; (edited by T.V. Rao, K.K. Verma, E. Abraham and A. Khandelwal), Rawat Publications, Jaipur, 1987
32. Excellence Through Human Resource Development; (editors M.R.R. Nair and T.V. Rao), New Delhi, Tata McGraw Hill, 1990
33. Designing Entrepreneurial Skills Development Programmes; London, Commonwealth Secretariat, 1990 (co-author)
34. The HRD Missionary; New Delhi, Oxford and IBH, 1990 (Second edition: 2009 TVRLS)
35. Readings in HRD; New Delhi, Oxford and IBH, 1991
36. Career Planning and Promotion Policies;  Ahmedabad, Academy of HRD, 1982 (co-author)
37. Appraising & Developing Managerial Performance; AHRD Publication, 1996, reprinted at New Delhi: Excel Books, 1999
38. Institution Building in Education and Research: From Stagnation to Self-Renewal; (Eds. R.J. Matthai, Udai Pareek and T.V. Rao), All Indian Management Association, New Delhi, 1977
39. Adult Education for Social Change; Manohar Publications, New Delhi, 1980 (co-author)
40. Handbook for Trainers in Educational Management with special reference to Asia and Pacific; UNESCO, Bangkok (Co-author) 1981
41. Management Processes in Universities; New Delhi: Oxford & IBH (PSG Monograph 1, Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad 1978, co-author with R.J. Matthai and Udai Pareek)
42. Behavioural Sciences Research in Family Planning; Tata McGraw Hill, New Delhi, 1974 (co-author)
43. Doctors in Making; Sahitya Mudranalaya, Ahmedabad, 1976
44. Managing Family Planning Clinics; Asian and Pacific Development Administration Centre, Kaula Lumpur, Malaysia, 1977 (co-author)
45. Change Agents in Family Welfare: An Action Research in Organized Industry; Academic Book Centre, Ahmedabad, 1978 (co-author with Pramod Verma
46. Developing Entrepreneurship: A Handbook for Policy Makers, Entrepreneurs, Trainers and Development Personnel; Learning Systems, New Delhi, 1978 (co-author)
47. Identification and selection of Entrepreneurs; (Eds. T.V. Rao and T.K. Moulik), Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, 1979
48. Developing Motivation Through Experiencing; Oxford and IBH Publications, 1982 (co-author with Udai Pareek)
49. Entrepreneurial Skill Development Programmes in Fifteen Commonwealth Countries: An Overview; Commonwealth Secretariat, London, 1991
50. Handbook of Psychological and Instruments; Samasthi Publications, Baroda, 1974 (co-author)
51. Stewart Maturity Scale: Indian Adaptation; Manasayan, New Delhi, 1976
52. Sales Styles Diagnosis Exercises; Learning Systems, New Delhi, 1976
53. Behaviour Processes in Organizations; Oxford and IBH Publications, New Delhi, 1981 (Co-author with Udai Pareek and D M Pestonjee)
54. Measuring and Managing Organizational Climate; Ahmadabad: Academy of HRD, 1996 (With Dalpat Sarupriya and Dr. Sethumadhavan)
55. Selected Readings in HRD; New Delhi: Tata McGraw Hill, 1998 ( with Singh, Kuldeep & Nair, Baburaj)
56. HRD Philosophies and Concepts: The Indian Perspective; Ahmedabad: Academy of HRD, 1994 (with  Abraham, E & Nair, Baburaj V. Eds.)
57. HRD in the New economic Environment; New Delhi: Tata McGraw Hill, 1994 (co-edited with Silveira, D. M., Srivastava, C. M. and Vidyasagar, Rajesh) 

</doc>
<doc id="20274280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274280" title="Daniel Collins (canoeist)">
Daniel Collins (canoeist)

Daniel Collins (born 7 October 1970) is an Australian sprint canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the mid-2000s (decade). Competing in four Summer Olympics, he won two medals in the K-2 500 m event with a silver in 2000 and a bronze in 1996, with canoeing partner Andrew Trim.
Collins also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-2 500 m: 1997), a silver (K-1 500 m: 1994), and two bronzes (K-1 500 m: 1993, K-2 500 m: 1999).

</doc>
<doc id="20274331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274331" title="2002 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters">
2002 Western &amp; Southern Financial Group Masters

The 2002 Western & Southern Financial Group Masters was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 101st edition of the Cincinnati Masters and was part of the Tennis Masters Series of the 2002 ATP Tour. It took place at the Lindner Family Tennis Center in Cincinnati, Ohio in the United States from August 5 through August 12, 2002.
The tournament had previously appeared as part of Tier III of the WTA Tour but no event was held from 1989 to 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20274356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274356" title="Riblja Čorba 10">
Riblja Čorba 10

Riblja Čorba 10 is a promo compilation album by Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba. "Riblja Čorba 10" is the band's first official compilation album. It was released in 1988 in a limited number of 1,000 copies only, to mark Riblja Čorba's ten years of existence, and was given to the friends of the band and the media.

</doc>
<doc id="20274358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274358" title="1981–82 KNVB Cup">
1981–82 KNVB Cup

The 64th edition of the KNVB Cup started on September 5, 1981. The two legs of the final were played on May 12 and 18, 1982: AZ from Alkmaar (at the time called AZ'67) beat FC Utrecht 5–2 on aggregate and won the cup for the third time. From the quarter finals onwards, two-legged matches were held.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played on September 5 and 6, 1981.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played on October 31 and November 1, 1981. The Eredivisie clubs entered the tournament this round.
Round of 16.
The matches of the round of 16 were played on January 16 and 17, 1982.
Quarter finals.
The quarter finals were played on February 17 and March 17, 1982.
Semi-finals.
The semi-finals were played on March 31 and April 28, 1982.
Final.
The finals were played on May 12 and 18, 1982.
AZ would participate in the Cup Winners' Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20274385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274385" title="Avtandil Chkuaseli">
Avtandil Chkuaseli

Avtandil Noyevich Chkuaseli (; born 31 December 1931 in Tbilisi; died 12 September 1994 in Tbilisi) was a Soviet football player.
International career.
Chkuaseli played his only game for USSR on 22 July 1952 in the 1952 Olympics game against Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="20274391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274391" title="Nilamel">
Nilamel

Nilamel is a town located in Kollam District of Kerala, India. It lies on the M C Road (Thiruvananthapuram-Angamali state highway-1) and is 45 km from Thiruvananthapuram and 24 km from Kottarakara and 5km away from (kadakkal).
Origin of name.
Nilamel is the granary or rice bowl of the Kottarakkara thaluk. In Malayalam, "nilam" means "paddy field". Thus the region is named Nilamel.
NSS College Nilamel.
NSS college Nilamel can be considered as a place which cater the primary collegiate education of nearby places located in Trivandrum and Kollam districts.
College is managed by Nair Service Society. Which is located just above the cliff of town. And as a college located in village atmosphere it shows a great atmosphere to study.
Courses offered.
Biochemistry, Physics, Mathematics, Zoology, Botony
Economics, History, Malayalam, English
Geography.
Nilamel is located at .
Economy.
Most of the commercial buildings are located in Nilamel town. The Nilamel village and Nilamel grama panchayath (local administrative body) offices are located in Bunglamkunnu, about 1 km from Nilamel town.
Nearby plantations include Cashew, Paddy, Rubber, Plantain, Pepper, Ginger and Tapioca.
Kadakkal Devi Temple comes alive during Thiruvathira festival held in March, and is one of the prime festivals of the region. The temple festivities attract large crowds from various parts of the state, which are a ten day program including main festival at Thiruvathira with Eduppukuthira.
Kottukkal Guhakshetram, kadakkal Meenmutty waterfall, Kilimanoor Thampuraattippara, Mattidampara(kadakkal)
and Kilimanoor palace are nearest tourist attractions.
Transport.
Varkala Railway Station is the nearest railhead. Trivandrum International Airport is 45 km south of Nilamel.
Nilamel town is located 45 Kilometers to the north of state capital (Thiruvananthapuram). The main central road (MC road), SH1 (state highway-1) & Varkala Madathara state highway-62 pass through Nilamel Central Junction.
Demographics.
Nilamel village is known for its religious harmony with its numerous temples and mosques.

</doc>
<doc id="20274395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274395" title="Topolje, Železniki">
Topolje, Železniki

Topolje () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20274421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274421" title="Abe Sherman">
Abe Sherman

Abe Sherman (1898–1987) was proprietor of an established Baltimore newsstand located at the Battle Monument in the financial district. A well known local who started as a newsie on street corners in 1906. Abe then owned and operated as a news vendor at the foot of the War monument at Calvert and Fayette streets near the post office and city hall.
Sherman was a popular figure in Baltimore and his newsstand specialized in domestic and foreign papers like the soviet Izvestia and the Irish Post. A literary critic as well and he knew notable writers like F. Scott Fitzgerald, William Manchester, and H.L. Mencken. He started selling papers for the Baltimore Sun at one cent a copy. He was an acquaintance of baseball legend Babe Ruth before the Depression.
Sherman's longevity as news vendor has made his mark as famous as the monument that shadows his newsstand. When the city decided to redecorate the Monument square it was agreed to relocate Sherman's stand. Baltimoreans raised an uproar and the city built a modern-day news kiosk at the same site at the bequest of influential city leaders like Mayor Theodore McKeldin and Thomas D'Alesandro III.
Abe was a civic figure and veteran of World War I. Volunteering again in World War II at age 47 he was awarded the Silver Star for gallantry under fire. He raised two sons and his son Brigadier General Philip Sherman would become a Baltimore attorney who founded the Museum of Baltimore Legal History in the Clarence M. Mitchell, Jr. Courthouse, right across the street from his father's newsstand.
References.
5. http://articles.baltimoresun.com/2008-03-11/news/0803110187_1_sherlock-holmes-philip-sherman-phil-sherman
6. http://www.fau.edu/library/gen-adm27a.htm
7. http://baltimoretimeline.com/Dorbaltimorecirca1960s.htm
8. http://articles.baltimoresun.com/1997-02-27/news/1997058062_1_barnes-noble-abe-bibelot
Balkoski, Joseph M. Beyond The Beachhead: The 29th Infantry Division in Normandy. 3rd ed. Mechanicsburg, PA: Stackpole Books, 2005.
Balkoski, Joseph M. The Maryland National Guard: The History of Maryland’s Military Forces 1634-1991. Baltimore, MD: Maryland National Guard State of Maryland Military Department, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20274436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274436" title="Hill House School, Doncaster">
Hill House School, Doncaster

Hill House School is a co-educational independent school for pupils from the ages of 3 to 18 in Doncaster in South Yorkshire, England. 
In 2012, Hill House was named 'Independent School of the Year' at the independent school awards.
It is a member of both the Society of Heads and the Independent Schools Council.
Introduction.
Hill House School was founded in Doncaster as a preparatory school for boys in 1912 by Reginald Master. In the early 1970s under a new head, the school began to accept girls, and by the early 1980s had become fully co-educational. 
School history.
In 1959, Paula Haigh, the wife of the then Headmaster of Hill House School, Mr Hamilton Haigh, founded St Mary’s School on Bawtry Road as a girls' school. Hill House St Mary’s School was born when the two schools merged in August 2002, with primary age children being taught at the Rutland Street site, overlooking Doncaster's Town Fields, and with secondary age children taught at the St.Mary’s site on Bawtry Road.
In September 2008, Hill House School, reverting to its former name, relocated to the Officers’ Quarters of former RAF Finningley, previous home to Britain’s Vulcan bombers, adjacent to the modern Robin Hood Airport. In an £8 million pound project, led by Cadman Construction, the school now has numerous purpose built classrooms allied to historic function rooms. 
Since 2010, Hill House has been home to the Robin Hood Music and Drama Festival, which takes place in April each year. In September 2011, Hill House opened its new Sixth Form and Music School in a £1.1m development, and was accepted into membership of the Society of Heads.
In 2012, the school acquired 54 acres of land in nearby Blaxton which is currently being developed into sports grounds. 
Hill House School was named Independent School of the Year 2012, having been shortlisted at the Independent School Awards for the Outstanding Strategic Initiative Award and for the Outstanding Governing Body Award.
The main catchment area includes Doncaster itself, and outlying towns and villages including Tickhill, Bawtry, Epworth, Rotherham, Retford & Worksop, all of which are served by school transport.

</doc>
<doc id="20274466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274466" title="Torka">
Torka

Torka is a small high-elevation settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It no longer has any permanent residents.

</doc>
<doc id="20274471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274471" title="Sonic Subjunkies">
Sonic Subjunkies

Sonic Subjunkies (sometimes abbreviated as SSJ) was a German Digital Hardcore band based in Berlin, best known for releasing records on Digital Hardcore Recordings.
History.
Formed in the autumn of 1992, The band consisted of vocalist Holger Phrack, programmer Rob Marvin and producer/programmer Thaddeus Herrmann.The trio would later go on to release two limited edition albums and a handful of singles on Digital Hardcore, before defecting to the label Iris Light in 1998 for the release of their album "Molotov Lounge".
In later years Thaddi also contributed to other projects such as Herrmann & Kleine, but was also DJ for radio KISS FM Berlin and went on to be editor of the German music magazine de:bug. No new SSJ material has surfaced since 1998, but a re-released vinyl version of "Molotov Lounge" was bought out on Lux Nigra in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20274490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274490" title="Vladimir Shabrov">
Vladimir Shabrov

Vladimir Sergeyevich Shabrov () (born March 15, 1930 in Moscow; died May 12, 1990 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player. From 1961 until his death he worked as a diplomatic courier.
International career.
Shabrov made his debut for USSR on August 16, 1955 in a friendly against India, scoring two goals on his debut.

</doc>
<doc id="20274496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274496" title="Zabrdo">
Zabrdo

Zabrdo () is a small high-elevation settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20274499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274499" title="Spring Grove, London">
Spring Grove, London

Spring Grove is the north-western district of the town of Isleworth within the Borough of Hounslow in London, England. In general terms it lies east of the district of Lampton; north of the London Road in Isleworth; west of the Barnes-to-Feltham railway loop line; and south of the district of Osterley. Spring water that rose in the area in the eighteenth century was employed for agricultural and horticultural purposes.
The prime purpose of Spring Grove in recent centuries appears to have been the gradual provision of elegant residential areas for affluent middle-class communities, particularly from the London business and professional fraternity, following the growth of commercial and industrial prosperity.
Graceful Georgian residencies appeared first, with large plots of land. Then came the railway service and with it substantial Victorian property development, in the way of fine avenues with large detached three-storey houses. Then during the twentieth century much infilling occurred of more modest dwellings. As the turn of the twenty-first century approached, some of the large Victorian villas gave way to modern development of various forms.
The district has over the course of a century or so also embraced a number of large educational establishments, and this mix of desirable residences and solid seats of learning has given Spring Grove a reputation for being an attractive place in which to live or work.

</doc>
<doc id="20274516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274516" title="2008–09 UCI Europe Tour">
2008–09 UCI Europe Tour

The 2008–09 UCI Europe Tour was the fifth season of the UCI Europe Tour. The season began on 19 October 2008 with the Chrono des Nations and ended on 15 October 2009 with the Giro del Piemonte.
The points leader, based on the cumulative results of previous races, wears the UCI Europe Tour cycling jersey. Enrico Gasparotto of Italy was the defending champion of the 2007–08 UCI Europe Tour. Giovanni Visconti was crowned as the 2008–09 UCI Europe Tour.
Throughout the season, points are awarded to the top finishers of stages within stage races and the final general classification standings of each of the stages races and one-day events. The quality and complexity of a race also determines how many points are awarded to the top finishers, the higher the UCI rating of a race, the more points are awarded.
The UCI ratings from highest to lowest are as follows:
Final ranking.
There is a competition for the rider, team and country with the most points gained from winning or achieving a high place in the above races.

</doc>
<doc id="20274522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274522" title="Coalclaims">
Coalclaims

Coalclaims or Coal Health Claims is the collective name for two compensation schemes run by the UK Government. Responsibility for the claims lies with the Department of Energy and Climate Change which split off from the Department for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform (BERR) in October 2008. BERR itself was a rename of the Department of Trade and Industry (DTI).
These schemes exist to compensate UK coal miners and their families in relation to respiratory disease and Vibration white finger (VWF). These are the biggest personal injury schemes in British legal history and possibly the world. The claims are processed for the government by Capita (formerly IRISC who were acquired by Aon Corporation who sold the IRISC part of their operation to Capita in 2004).
Claims are processed using a system known as ICMS (IRISC Claims Management System) which is as custom application written in FoxPro). This system integrates with the BCRDL (British Coal Respiratory Disease Litigation) Pension Loss Calculator that was developed by Workflow Consulting Limited under joint instruction from the British Government and the CSG (Claimant Solicitors Group).
Claimant solicitors can also track their cases using a government sponsored website the current version of this was built and is operated by [http://www.webtechnologygroup.co.uk Web Technology Group. Prior to 2003 it was operated by Integrated Solutions Consultants Ltd of Hemel Hempstead who used to have the domain www.isc.co.uk though this has now been resold.
For the BCRDL scheme calculators to calculate the portion of quantum attributable to the miner's exposure to coal dust and their pension loss can be downloaded from the BCRDL maintained by Workflow Consulting Limited.
Controversy.
As of November 2008, two solicitors who won personal injury claims for thousands of miners have appeared before a tribunal accused of taking cuts from compensation pay-outs.Jim Beresford, 58, and Douglas Smith, 51, from Beresfords Solicitors in Doncaster, denied 11 allegations of misconduct at the hearing in London.Jim Beresford was notably the highest paid solicitor in the UK for the year of 2006 as a consequence of Coalclaims work.

</doc>
<doc id="20274524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274524" title="David Reynolds (English historian)">
David Reynolds (English historian)

David Reynolds FBA (born 17 February 1952) is a Professor of International History and a Fellow of Christ's College, Cambridge. He was awarded a scholarship to study at Dulwich College, then Cambridge and Harvard universities. He has held visiting posts at Harvard, Nebraska and Oklahoma, as well as at Nihon University in Tokyo and Sciences Po in Paris. He was awarded the Wolfson History Prize, 2004, and elected a Fellow of the British Academy in 2005. He teaches and lectures both undergraduates and postgraduates at Cambridge University, specialising in the two world wars and the Cold War. Since October 2013 he has been Chairman of the History Faculty at Cambridge.
Documentaries.
In addition to teaching Reynolds has made nine documentaries on 20th century history for the BBC, most recently "" and "World War Two: 1942 and Hitler's Soft Underbelly", both directed by Russell Barnes. He was also the writer and presenter of the award-winning ninety-part series on BBC Radio 4 "America, Empire of Liberty"
Personal life.
David Reynolds is married with one son.

</doc>
<doc id="20274530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274530" title="Baruch Tegegne">
Baruch Tegegne

Baruch Tegegne (23 January 1944 – 27 December 2010), was a prominent leader of Ethiopian Jews in Israel and advocate of their immigration in the 1980s and 1990s. He lived in Israel.
Early years.
Tegegne was born in a small Jewish village of 200 families in 1944. In 1955 he journeyed to Israel where he remained until 1963. In the 1960s, through the outbreak of the Ethiopian Civil war in 1974, when the Derg came to power and executed Emperor Haile Selassie, he was engaged in various business and agronomist activities, including setting up a communal farm for Ethiopian Jews on the border with Sudan. He journeyed as a refugee to Sudan and then on to Nigeria in 1975 and finally to Israel in 1976.
Political Activism.
Tegegne led a protest march in 1977 in Jerusalem that gained him recognition from Menachem Begin. He served in the Israel Defense Forces and worked with the Mossad in the late 1970s. In 1979 he appeared before the General Assembly of the United Jewish Communities. He also sought support from the American Association for Ethiopian Jews. He was married in 1980 to Susan Migicovsky and had a daughter named Yaffa. Beginning in 1980 Tegegne was involved in efforts to bring Ethiopian Jews to Germany and then to Canada. He met with Elie Wiesel and in 1984 led further protests in Israel and another in 1987. Although not directly involved, he was credited with raising the awareness that led to Operation Moses and Operation Solomon.

</doc>
<doc id="20274544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274544" title="RAF Skellingthorpe">
RAF Skellingthorpe

The former Royal Air Force Station Skellingthorpe, more commonly known as RAF Skellingthorpe was a station of the Royal Air Force during the Second World War. It was located in the city of Lincoln, England. It was known as "Skelly" by the RAF personnel serving there.
Second World War.
The RAF Bomber Command Station, RAF Skellingthorpe, opened in 1941 on a field previously called Black Moor, approximately south-east from the village of Skellingthorpe. 
The airfield consisted of the standard pattern of three runways, with one Type B1 and two Type T2 hangars. Nissen huts were used for accommodation.
No. 50 Squadron RAF, equipped with Hampdens, was the first squadron based at Skellingthorpe, with the first detachment of personnel arriving shortly before the runways were complete. They were followed by No. 455 Squadron RAAF (also flying Hampdens), however this squadron moved to RAF Wigsley shortly afterwards.
The 50 Squadron Hampdens were replaced with Avro Manchesters in April 1942, then, in June 1942, Skellingthorpe was closed for runway extensions to cope with the Squadron's conversion to new Avro Lancaster aircraft.
In November 1943 a further bomber squadron, No. 61 Squadron RAF operating Avro Lancasters, arrived at Skellingthorpe, and remained until February 1944 after which it transferred to RAF Coningsby in order for accommodation to be built on the Doddington Road side of Skellingthorpe airfield.
The 463 Squadron moved to RAF Skellingthorpe on 3 July 1945 with Lancaster Mks I and III from RAF Waddington.
During the war the tally of bombers lost or failed to return from Skellingthorpe reached 208: 15 Hampdens, six Manchesters and 187 Lancasters.
Postwar usage.
After the end of the Second World War, RAF Skellingthorpe was the base for No. 58 Maintenance Unit RAF, with salvaged crashed aircraft stored at the base. The Birchwood Estate was built on the airfield in the 1970s, and the A46 Lincoln Bypass was built on it in 1986.
Today that site is known as Birchwood. The local public house, The Black Swan, was named after the R/T call sign of the airfield.
Exhibition and museum.
A Heritage Room at the Community Centre in Skellingthorpe holds a public exhibition of photographs showing the history of RAF Skellingthorpe and Squadrons based there, and is part of the North Kesteven Airfield Trail.
A small public museum, part of Birchwood Community Centre in Lincoln, commemorates Nos. 50 and 61 Squadrons. Included in the museum is squadron aircraft memorabilia, photographs and records. The 50 and 61 Squadron Books of Remembrance are also held there.

</doc>
<doc id="20274555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274555" title="Harald Schmidt (TV series)">
Harald Schmidt (TV series)

Harald Schmidt is a late night television show which was broadcast on ARD and hosted by Harald Schmidt from 23 December 2004 until 14 June 2007. It returned at 17 September 2009 after the show "Schmidt & Pocher" with Harald Schmidt and Oliver Pocher ended earlier that year. 
"Harald Schmidt" followed "Die Harald Schmidt Show" ("The Harald Schmidt Show") on the German TV channel Sat. 1. The latter ended on 23 December 2003 after Schmidt, at short notice, did not renew his contract. ARD immediately showed interest in getting Schmidt back onto ARD, where he had originally begun his career. According to the German newspaper "Der Tagesspiegel", Schmidt was in contact with NDR director Jobst Plog after he had backed out of Sat. 1. Nevertheless, they did not start seriously negotiating the contract until the "Harald Schmidt Show" follow-up "Anke Late Night", broadcast by Sat. 1, was dropped. Jobst Plog said that initially the contract with Harald Schmidt (at a cost of €9.7 million per year) would run until July 2006. There are about €150,000 available for each show. Sources in the TV industry estimate the production costs alone to be about €30,000 per show. ARD announced that they planned to finance Harald Schmidt by cutting the amount that they spent on television rights for football matches. By no longer broadcasting UEFA Cup matches, ARD would have the money which it needs to finance Harald Schmidt.
Run of the program.
The pilot episode aired in December 2004, broadcast exactly one year after Sat. 1 televised the last episode of "The Harald Schmidt Show". On January 19, 2005, the first regular show followed. The program was initially aired around 11 pm on Wednesdays and Thursdays by Das Erste, one of Germany’s public broadcast stations. One Thursday a month the show did not run, replaced with the cabaret program "Scheibenwischer". Early in 2007 the broadcasting time changed to 10.45 pm. The show was repeated by all regional broadcast stations of Das Erste the same night or during the following weekend.
The last episode (a 45-minute “best of”) aired on June 14, 2007. After the summer break, Harald Schmidt was replaced by the new program "Schmidt & Pocher", which first aired October 25, 2007. The new program is only broadcast once a week on Thursdays; with a length of 60 minutes, however, it is twice as long as the previous show. The Wednesday night time slot was given to Frank Plasberg and his talk show "Hart aber fair".
Harald Schmidt and Oliver Pocher presented "Schmidt & Pocher" together. The choice of Pocher as co-moderator was criticized especially in some feuilletons. According to "Spiegel", a German newsmagazine, Schmidt ruled out the possibility of a comeback of "The Harald Schmidt Show" or "Harald Schmidt" shortly after the last episode of "Harald Schmidt" was broadcast since he was generally no longer interested in late night shows.
The concept.
An episode of "Harald Schmidt" lasted 30 minutes. The show was either recorded at 7pm the day of the show in front of an audience or broadcast live. From the start of the show until the end of 2005, the show was broadcast in Studio 449 in Cologne-Mülheim. Since January 2006 the show was moved to a bigger studio, where "The Harald Schmidt Show" was also produced. 
After a one-year break, Schmidt started his new late night show on 23 December 2004. He presented a concept that was slightly different from the former "Harald Schmidt Show". Particularly noticeable was that at first guests were not invited to the show anymore although Schmidt had explained to German entertainer Günter Jauch in a media discussion in 2002 that his show would not be possible without guests. Furthermore it also stands in contrast to the public opinion saying that the guest part usually was the more interesting one. At first the usual stand-up comedy part was also missing, but then it was re-introduced after a few episodes.
After all those changes the concept corresponded again to the one of its Sat.1 predecessor, only with less outdoor activities and little films. As in the former "Harald Schmidt Show", Manuel Andrack was Schmidt’s sidekick, and the accompanying show band consisted of nearly all musicians of the former show band with the only exception of former band leader Helmut Zerlett. Several months after the start of the show, Nathalie Licard, also known from "The Harald Schmidt Show", was again taken into the ensemble. At first she appeared sporadically, but eventually she was an integral part of the ARD show band. There she was the "non-singing singer". Twice she ever performed songs on stage; "Happy Birthday" à la Marilyn Monroe wearing a blonde wig and the German folk song "Im Salzkammergut".
A few months after the show was launched, Schmidt introduced a new structural element, an artificial "commercial break". Such an interruption was actually not necessary because ARD, a public broadcasting company, is not allowed to broadcast commercials after 8 p.m.
Nevertheless, Schmidt announced once in every show: “We’ll have a short commercial break.” Then, the band in the studio started playing a song, just as they used to do during the advert breaks of "The Harald Schmidt Show" on Sat. 1. But instead of changing to commercials the band was shown playing a song, which usually came along with a satiric dedication. The introduction of this artificial “commercial break” was a reaction to criticism from different directions claiming that the show was rather lengthy without interruption.
The focus of the show was changed to ongoing events and media criticism. Whereas, before, Harald Schmidt had often been compared to David Letterman, critics are now drawing comparisons to Jon Stewart whose "The Daily Show" deals with the latest events and the media in the United States. Reacting to criticism on the lengthiness of his program, Harald Schmidt thus joked about his new show: ""Harald Schmidt" is an knock-off of the intelligent American satirical "Daily Show" by Jon Stewart — without coming close to it.”
Starting in September 2005, Schmidt featured guests in every show again (with few exceptions). This change was not announced. When Caroline Korneli, moderator of Fritz radio station, was a guest on the show, she about the change of concept. Schmidt answered that he realized that there were in fact still persons, who, in his opinion, are worth being invited.

</doc>
<doc id="20274581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274581" title="Erwin Ramsdell Goodenough">
Erwin Ramsdell Goodenough

Erwin Ramsdell Goodenough (1893-1965) was a scholar in the history of religion. He is specifically noted for his study of the influence of Greek culture on Judaism, what some call Hellenistic Judaism. 
Born in Brooklyn, he studied at Hamilton College, Drew Theological Seminary, and then received a bachelors degree in theology from Garrett Biblical Institute in 1917. He went on to Harvard University for three years, then three more years at Oxford University, where he received the D.Phil. degree in 1923.
He then began teaching at Yale University in 1923, where he taught until he retired in 1962. He went on Brandeis University, then was given an office in the Widener Library at Harvard. He received honorary degrees from Yale, Hebrew Union College, and the University of Uppsala.
He edited the "Journal of Biblical Literature" from 1934-1942.
His papers are archived at Yale. After his death, he was honored by a volume of studies in his honor, "Religions in Antiquity: Essays in Memory of Erwin Ramsdell Goodenough", edited by Jacob Neusner, published by E.J. Brill in 1968 (reprinted by Wipf and Stock in 2004).

</doc>
<doc id="20274604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274604" title="Aleksei Shaposhnikov">
Aleksei Shaposhnikov

Aleksei Nikolayevich Shaposhnikov () (born March 16, 1899 in Nikolskoye, Vladimir Oblast; died July 4, 1962 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player.
International career.
Shaposhnikov made his debut for USSR on November 16, 1924 in a friendly against Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="20274660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274660" title="Yamashina Institute for Ornithology">
Yamashina Institute for Ornithology

The is a non-profit scientific research organization in Japan, specializing in ornithology studies. 
History.
The Yamashina Institute for Ornithology was founded by Dr. Yoshimaro Yamashina at his home in Shibuya, Tokyo as a private museum to store his collection of bird specimens and books. Marquis Yamashina was the second son of Prince Yamashina Kikumaro. He opened his museum to the public in 1942. At the Institute, Yamashina conducted research into bird taxonomy based on chromosomes, and wrote numerous technical journal articles and books on ornithology.
The Institute relocated to its present location approximately 30 kilometer east of Tokyo at Abiko, Chiba in 1984. The Institute has maintained close ties to the Imperial Family of Japan. It is chaired by HIH Prince Akishino, younger brother to the Crown Prince Naruhito of Japan, and their younger sister Princess Sayako worked as a researcher at the Institute from 1992-2005, where she specialized in the study of kingfishers.
Organization.
The Institute is organized into three research sections:
Publications and events.
The Yamashina Institute publishes several journals and reports, including the "Journal of the Yamashina Institute for Ornithology", the annual "Report of the Bird Migration Research Center" and a monthly newspaper for support group members.
The Institute also sponsors a biannual "Yamashina Yoshimaro Memorial Ornithological Award" to an individual or group who has made remarkable contributions to the development ornithology or the protection of birds.

</doc>
<doc id="20274662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274662" title="Frederic John Goldsmid">
Frederic John Goldsmid

Major-General Sir Frederic John Goldsmid KCSI, CB (born 19 May 1818, Milan died 12 January 1908, Brook Green, Hammersmith, Eng.) was a Major-General in British Army and East India Company, who also served the British government in various roles through the Middle East.
Life and career.
Goldsmid was born at Milan, Italy in May 1818, the only son of Eliza Frances (née Campbell) and Mr. Lionel Prager Goldsmid, an officer in the 19th Dragoons, and a scion of the well-known London family of that name. His maternal grandmother's father was Revolutionary War aide-de-camp David Franks. Sir Frederic, after completing his education in Paris, King's College School, and King's College London, entered the Madras army in the year 1839, when the first Afghan war was in progress, but he was not among those who fought in that campaign. Before he had been twelve months at Madras his regiment was ordered to proceed to China, and he took part in the actions at Canton and along the coast which preceded the Treaty of Nanking, receiving the Chinese war medal. While this campaign was in progress he was appointed the adjutant of his regiment; and it was then that he turned is attention to the study of Asiatic languages, in which he afterwards became so proficient.
In 1845 Goldsmid was appointed interpreter for Hindustani, the lingua franca of the native army of India; but in the following year ill-health compelled his return to England on medical certificate. He did not remain idle, however, and during the two years of his home residence he served as orderly officer at Addiscombe Military Seminary. In 1848 he returned to India, and, having passed high examinations in those subjects, was appointed in 1849 interpreter for Persian and in 1851 for Arabic, an unusual combination. During this period he obtained his company, and was Assistant Adjutant-General of the Nagpur Province subsidiary force. In Scinde he formed one of the fine band of officers gathered round him by that remarkable soldier and administrator, General John Jacob, who was the true founder of the "forward" school among Indian frontier politicians. In 1855 he had again to leave India on medical certificate; but his holiday was brief, as, recruited by the voyage, he requested to be employed on active service in the Crimea, and was at once attached as A.A.G. to Sir Robert Vivian's force, consisting of Turks in the pay of the British. He passed an examination in Turkish, and was made President of the Local Examining Committee at Kertch, received the Turkish war medal, 4th class Medjidie, and Brevet rank of Major in the Army.
In 1856 he returned to India and took up judicial work at Shikarpur, subsequently resuming the inquiry into alienated lands, and was attached to the staff of Sir Bartle Frere, then Chief Commissioner of Scinde. In this capacity he showed much tact and energy, and when it was decided to establish overland telegraphic communication from Europe through Persia and Baluchistan to India, Colonel Goldsmid was at once selected as the man best fitted to superintend the task.
From 1865 to 1870 he held the post of Government director of the Indo-European Telegraph Company, and during those six years he personally superintended the erection of the poles and the carrying of the wires across the whole extent of the Shah's kingdom. Of that arduous work he gave an interesting and modest account in his volume entitled "Telegraph and Travel," rendering full justice to the efforts of his assistants and saying little or nothing of his own. In 1866, on the completion of the first stage of his work, he received a Companionship of the Bath and the thanks of the Government of India, and in 1871, when the work was all done, a Knight Commandership of the Star of India. In 1871 he acted as British Commissioner for the delimitation of the Baluch frontier with Persia, and in the following year he was entrusted with the more difficult task of arranging the Selstan frontier between Afghanistan and Persia. It was difficult to satisfy both sides, and Sir Frederic Goldsmid's award did not satisfy the Shah, while he gave undoubted umbrage to the Ammer Shere Ali. The Selstan business was afterwards alleged to be the first cause of that Afghan ruler's taking umbrage at our policy; but its effect was probably exaggerated, although Yakub Khan, in his summary of his father's policy, makes it the starting-point of his alienation from the side of England. Sir Frederic returned to England after his Persian mission and devoted himself to the preparation of his voluminous report on Eastern Persia and to other literary work. From his knowledge of Persia and of the events that led up to the Mutiny, which has been first predicted by his old chief, John Jacob, Sir Frederic Goldsmid was entrusted with the execution of the Life of Sir James Outram, the Bayard of India, a work that met with considerable success.
In 1877 he was appointed British representative of an international commission to inquire into the whole matter of coolie emigration, and again received the acknowledgments of the Government of India, in which the Secretary of State "entirely concurred." In 1880 Sir Frederic was appointed British Controller of the Daira Sanya, and held the post for three years. During this period occurred the Arabi rebellion, and during the war Sir Frederic organised a local intelligence department at Alexandria, which rendered useful service until the surrender of Arabi after Tel-el-Kebir. In 1883 he left Egypt and accepted a mission from the King of the Belgians to the Congo that would have led to a permanent command in that region but for the complete breakdown of his health, which compelled him to return to England. The special object of this mission was to test the validity of about 300 treaties concluded with chief of the Congo basin. The may be termed his last appearance in a public capacity, and he devoted his attention during the last years of his life to literary work, much of which consisted of anonymous contributions to newspapers, reviews and work of reference like the "Encyclopædia Britannica". In this sphere he gained the reputation of being a laborious and conscientious writer, and his natural temperament was that of a literary and scientific student rather than of a soldier and man of action. He was for many years a most interested member of the committee of the Gordon Boys' Home, and till the last had take a keen interest in the Archbishop's Mission to Assyrian Christians, of which was one of the original promoters.
He married, in 1849, Mary, eldest daughter of Lieutenant-General Mackenzie Steuart, who died in 1900, and by whom he had two sons and four daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="20274668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274668" title="Blohm &amp; Voss Ha 140">
Blohm &amp; Voss Ha 140

The Ha 140 was a German multi-purpose seaplane of the 1930s. It was designed for use as a torpedo bomber or long-range reconnaissance aircraft.
Design and development.
The Ha 140 was a developed as a twin-engine floatplane, with an all-metal structure and an inverted gull wing, similar to the larger Ha 139.
The crew consisted of a pilot and radio operator, with a gunner in a revolving turret in the nose or in a second gun position to the rear.
The torpedo or bomb load was accommodated in an internal bomb bay. Three prototypes were built, but the design was not carried any further, as the similar Heinkel He 115 was selected for service.

</doc>
<doc id="20274682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274682" title="Project management simulation">
Project management simulation

Project management simulation is simulation used for project management training and analysis. 
Project management simulation is often used as training simulation for project managers. In other cases it is used for what-if analysis and for supporting decision-making in real projects.
Frequently the simulation is conducted using software tools.
Training.
Project management simulation for training is an interactive learning activity, frequently practiced as a group exercise. The purpose of the simulation is to impart to students the competencies (i.e. knowledge, skills, and attitudes) that will ultimately improve their performance.
It confronts trainees with the situations and problems that arise in real world projects. Trainees see the consequences of the decisions they make. They can track the evolution of the project parameters: scope, costs, schedule, and quality, as well as human factors. The simulation provides an opportunity for learners to solve typical project problems, to make mistakes and analyze them. 
Pedagogic goals of project management simulation can be to teach how to:
Different studies suggest that using simulation-based training for training project managers is superior to other methods.
Analysis.
Project management simulation is used to analyze real projects. The goal of the simulation is to show the user the different possible outcomes of his decisions, along with the probability that each outcome will occur. The simulation helps in reducing the project risk and in choosing the best project plan. 
In a typical simulation the project is first modeled into a software tool along with uncertain variables. A simulation is then run to check the different possible outcomes and their probability as a result of different inputs for the uncertain variables.

</doc>
<doc id="20274722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274722" title="Aleksandr Shpakovsky">
Aleksandr Shpakovsky

Aleksandr Vikentyevich Shpakovsky () (born in 1899 in Kharkiv; died in 1942 in Khabarovsk Krai in gulag camp) was a Soviet football player.
International career.
Shpakovsky played his only game for USSR on November 16, 1924 in a friendly against Turkey, scoring in that game.

</doc>
<doc id="20274735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274735" title="M150 Penetration Augmented Munition">
M150 Penetration Augmented Munition

The M150 Penetration Augmented Munition (PAM) is an explosive device developed for the Special Operations Forces of the United States Army, such as Delta Force. It is designed to destroy large, reinforced concrete structures, such as bridges, and was developed by Alliant Techsystems in collaboration with the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory.
History and function.
The PAM originated in a project run by the Livermore laboratory for the United States Air Force. In the 1980s, they were tasked with developing a two-stage explosive device: this resulted in a 2,000lb bomb, and funding from DARPA to develop a three-stage device designed to blow craters in runways. That three-stage device drew the attention of both the Department of Energy and Department of Defense, who signed a Memorandum of Understanding directing the development of a man-portable munition. This resulted in the PAM.
Each PAM consists of four primary components: a Tandem Forward Charge (TFC), a Follow Through Charge (FTC), a propulsion system, and an electronic fusing system. The PAM is placed against the structure and fires an explosive bolt, pinning the PAM in place. It then fires the TFC, which consists of two explosive devices: one, the forward charge, that cuts rebar, and the other, the hole-drilling charge, that drills a hole in the target. The FTC is then accelerated by the propulsion system into the newly-drilled hole, where it detonates, removing up to 75% of the target's ability to bear loads.
The PAM weighs 35lbs, and can be used by a single operator; an equivalent device made from a conventional explosive, such as C-4, would weigh 2,000lbs and need seven people to operate it.

</doc>
<doc id="20274736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274736" title="Blaise (software)">
Blaise (software)

Blaise is a computer-assisted interviewing (CAI) system and survey processing tool for the Windows operating system. The system is being developed by Statistics Netherlands and has been designed for use in official statistics. It is used worldwide by national statistical institutes, market research companies and related scientific research organisations for the production of official statistics.

</doc>
<doc id="20274834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274834" title="Mikhail Yakovlev">
Mikhail Yakovlev

Mikhail Vasilyevich Yakovlev () (born in 1892; died in 1942) was an association football player.
International career.
Yakovlev made his debut for Russia on July 1, 1912 in a 1912 Olympics game against Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20274867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274867" title="Roy Wood (baseball)">
Roy Wood (baseball)

Roy Winton Wood (August 29, 1892 – April 6, 1974) nicknamed "Woody", was a professional baseball player. He played all or part of three seasons in Major League Baseball from 1913 through 1915 for the Pittsburgh Pirates (1913), Cleveland Naps (1914) and Cleveland Indians (1915). Listed at , 175 lb., Wood batted and threw right-handed. A native of Monticello, Arkansas, he attended University of Arkansas. 
In a three-season career, Wood posted a .231 batting average (77 hits in 333 at bats) with one home run and 20 RBI in 119 games, including 33 runs, 12 doubles, four triples and seven stolen bases. He played first base and all three outfield positions.
Wood died in Fayetteville, Arkansas, at the age of 81.

</doc>
<doc id="20274870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274870" title="Howard Behrens">
Howard Behrens

Howard Behrens (born 1933) is an American popular artist whose original works of art are sold in fine art galleries and at auction on cruise ships. Behrens' limited and open editions are sold internationally. Behrens is also one of the top-selling artists on Princess Cruises.
Biography.
Behrens was born in Chicago, Illinois in 1933. He grew up near Washington, DC. He began drawing at age seventeen after being confined to bed following a sledding accident. His formal education in art was at the University of Maryland, College Park, where he earned a Master's Degree in painting and sculpture. Behrens resides in Potomac, Maryland.
Artistic Approach.
"Many years ago, I learned that the only way I can really achieve what I feel in my paintings is to create them using a palette knife instead of a brush. I love the boldness of the knife, and the control I have of color. Using the knife, I find that I can capture not only the softness of clouds, but also the boldness of mountains, the vibrancy of flowers, and the strength of water. I move the knife furiously as I apply deep, rich color in many layers to achieve dimension and mood." 
Even a casual observer who seeks to venture beyond the natural greatness of the scene and the power of that dull blade (the palette knife) as it shapes unwitting pigments of color into visual dreams, will recognize that Mr. Behrens' work speaks to the segment in each of us that wants a better, more beautiful world, as if by reproducing the outside in its perfect state, the artist can induce us to greater internal satisfaction. Howard Behrens is a romantic poet sculpting paint on canvas, and while he has spawned an entire cottage industry of emulators, few, if any, capture the emotional breadth of this man in love with love, life and the sun.
His approach is experiential in terms of his involvement with the formal aspects of painting; brushwork, composition, and color. The artist's process creates a lush "skin" of paint using a combination of brush and most often a "spatula," a palette knife, in the spirit of the vigorous palette knife technique adopted by the master realist, Gustave Courbet.
At once an introspective and humble man and a skilled painter, Behrens has created a world of beauty in his work that combines a love of paint, a passion for travel, and a mastery of style and color. The evolution to today's rich, distinctive, texturized style came through experimentation. "I slowly started using the palette knife to paint on canvas," said Behrens. "It started out very fine and thin using very little paint. Then, it got thicker and thicker and heavier and heavier. Finally, the most amazing thing happened - the act of painting became the subject matter." Behrens also developed a method for creation that combined travel, sketching, fine art photography and painting. Creation of paintings that integrate what he calls "big, juicy chunks of paint." 
Critique.
According to Suzaan Boettger, Howard Behrens has been "overlooked by art professionals" with justification. Behrens caters to "shopping-mall customers." His work is what some have called "Impressionistism" or "paintings that are chronologically 'contemporary' but stylistically faux historical." 
"Behrens is considered by critics and connoisseurs alike as 'the one, the only, the master' of the palette knife and, as a matter of fact, Howard Behrens, through his work, lives up to the appellation." 
If ever there was a composer of color, it is Howard Behrens, a brilliant painter who has emerged among a sea of artists to become the preeminent modern master of the palette knife and an incomparable translator of color.
"Howard is the best colorist among a large group of post-Impressionist painters in the U.S. today," shared Harriet Rinehart, founder of Rinehart Fine Arts. "Although many people try to imitate him, they always come up second best," "There are many who have tried to imitate his style, but no one has come close," added Josh Miller of Ocean Galleries in Stone Harbor and Avalon, New Jersey. "There are different people trying to do what he does, but they just don't pull it off," agreed Rick Moore of Rick Moore Fine Art in Naples, Florida." 
Following in the tradition of painters throughout the centuries, Behrens was lured by European cities, villages and hills in search of subject matter. In Behrens' art, which explores the romantic vistas of the Western world, he presents us with a jolt of recognition orchestrated with a subtlety and drama that highlights the triumph of the human spirit as manifested in merging art and nature. The creative act is not performed by the artist alone; the spectator brings the work in contact with the external world by deciphering and integrating its inner qualifications, and thus adds his contribution to the creative act. Howard Behrens acknowledges that art is, after all, a mirror of life. It remains to be constantly explored, awaiting changes of mood and self in a never-ending growth of perception.
Awards and associations.
He was selected along with fellow artists Simon Bull and Thomas Kinkade to commemorate the 2002 Salt Lake City Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="20274900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274900" title="William C. Ruger">
William C. Ruger

William Crawford Ruger (January 30, 1824 Bridgewater, Oneida County, New York - January 14, 1892 Syracuse, Onondaga County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. He was Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 1883 until his death.
Life.
He was the son of Sophia (Brown) Ruger and John Ruger (d. 1855), an attorney who practiced at Bridgewater, but removed to Syracuse, N.Y., in 1847. William C. Ruger was educated at Bridgewater Academy, then studied law with his father, was admitted to the bar in 1845, and commenced practice in Bridgewater. 
In 1853, he removed to Syracuse, N.Y., formed a partnership with his father. On May 2, 1860, he married Harriet Prosser (1836–1909), a daughter of State Senator Erastus S. Prosser, and their son was Crawford Prosser Ruger (1862–1907).
William C. Ruger was a delegate to the 1872 Democratic National Convention. In November 1882, he was elected on the Democratic ticket Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals, and died in office in 1892. He was buried at Oakwood Cemetery (Syracuse, New York).
State Senator William Ruger (d. 1843) was his uncle.

</doc>
<doc id="20274939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274939" title="Flow map">
Flow map

Flow maps in cartography are by definition of Phan (2005) "a mix of maps and flow charts, that show the movement of objects from one location to another, such as the number of people in a migration, the amount of goods being traded, or the number of packets in a network". 
Overview.
Flow maps according to Harris (1999) "can be used to show movement of almost anything, including tangible things such as people, products, natural resources, weather, etc, as well as intangible things such as know-how, talent, credit of goodwill". Flow maps can indicate things like:
In contrast to route maps, flow maps show little aside from the paths from one point to another.
Other types of flow maps.
Beside the flow maps in cartography there are several other kind of flow maps:

</doc>
<doc id="20274944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274944" title="M3 Technology">
M3 Technology

M3 Technology was founded as J&K Electronics Inc. in 1998 as a distributor of electronic components on Long Island. In 2004, the company was renamed M3 Technology, and established a new focus; the supply of parts and components to the aerospace industry.
This new aim has become the company's specialty, and has seen the company grow beyond the typical scope of a defense distributor. M3 Technology has now become The Aerospace & Defense Solutions company, and now serves customers around the globe, in a vast array of roles. To this day, the company maintains it presence in the Electronics Industry.
Among the projects the company works on is the supply of parts and components to the MRAP program, logistical support of the New Iraqi Air force, and global supply services for the armed forces of Taiwan and Japan. In addition, M3 Technology is intimately involved with the defense industry of Turkey, and is a supplier of parts and supplies to many defense contractors in the country. 
M3 Technology provides support services for platforms including:
M3 Technology is certified to the AS 9120 International Standard for Quality Management. This Standard is derived from the ISO9001 family of certifications, and registration is maintained through Underwriters Laboratories. In June 2011, the company received certification to the ANSI-ESD S20.20 Standard from QMI-SAI Global.
The company is registered as both an Exporter and a broker of United States Munitions List items through the United States Department of State and The Department of Defense Trade Controls.
Leadership
Janine Massa - President
Ken Massa - Vice President
James Yannaco - General Manager
Mike Caton - Director of Operations
Audrey Blessinger - Purchasing Manager
M3 Race Team.
In addition to its activity as the Aerospace & Defense Solutions Company, M3 Technology owns and operates a race team. Led by driver Justin Bonsignore, the team competes in the NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour.
In 2010, Justin Bonsignore was named the 2010 Sunoco Rookie of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="20274970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20274970" title="96th Flying Training Squadron">
96th Flying Training Squadron

The 96th Flying Training Squadron is part of the 340th Flying Training Group and is the reserve associate to the 47th Flying Training Wing based at Laughlin Air Force Base, Texas. It operates T-1 Jayhawk, T-6 Texan II, and T-38 Talon aircraft conducting flight training.
The 96th flew combat in the European Theater of Operations and the Mediterranean Theater of Operations between 25 December 1942 and 3 May 1945.
It flew fighter escort and air defense from 1947 to 1949 and air defense from 1951 to 1957.
The squadron was redesignated as the 96th Flying Training Squadron and trained USAF pilots to fly supersonic jet aircraft from 1973 to 1993. Since 1998 it has trained Air Force Reserve instructor pilots.
History.
World War II.
The squadron was first activated in early 1942 at Harding Field, Louisiana as the 96th Pursuit Squadron, one of the original three squadrons of the 82d Pursuit Group. It soon moved to California where it equipped with Lockheed P-38 Lightnings and began training with Fourth Air Force as the 96th Fighter Squadron. It left California in the fall and sailed for Northern Ireland, where it received additional combat training under Eighth Air Force. A month after the initial Operation Torch landings in North Africa the squadron deployed to Algeria, where it entered combat as an element of Twelfth Air Force.
In North Africa, the squadron flew antisubmarine patrols, bomber escort missions and attacked enemy shipping and airfields, moving its base east through Algeria and Tunisia. As the North African campaign drew to a close, the unit began attacking targets in Italy, earning a Distinguished Unit Citation for its actions on 25 April 1943 during an attack on enemy airfields in Foggia.
In September, the squadron participated in Operation Husky, the invasion of Sicily, during which it was awarded a second Distinguished Unit Citation for a bomber escort mission against marshalling yards near Naples. The squadron moved to Italy, where it became part of Fifteenth Air Force as part of the buildup to provide fighter cover for Fifteenth's heavy bombers. On 10 June 1944 the squadron earned a third Distinguished Unit Citation for its actions during an attack on oil refineries in Ploesti, Rumania.
Following the surrender of Germany, the squadron remained in Italy until September 1945, when it was inactivated In the course of the war the squadron destroyed 194 enemy aircraft.
Cold War.
In 1947 the squadron was again activated at Grenier Field, New Hampshire, where it was equipped with North American P-51 Mustangs as a Strategic Air Command fighter escort unit. Between April and June 1948 the squadron deployed to Ladd Air Force Base, Alaska, where it practiced rendezvousing with and escorting bombers, intercepting simulated enemy bombers and aerial gunnery. In August 1949 it was transferred to Continental Air Command and its primary role became air defense, but this mission change was brief, for the squadron was inactivated in October.
In late 1952, the squadron, now designated the 96th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, was activated under Air Defense Command (ADC). and assigned to the 4710th Defense Wing. It was stationed at New Castle Air Force Base, Delaware, where it replaced the federalized 142d Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, which was returned to the control of the Pennsylvania Air National Guard. The 96th took over the personnel, mission, and Lockheed F-94 Starfire aircraft of the inactivating 142d.
In February 1953, another major reorganization of ADC activated Air Defense Groups at ADC bases with dispersed fighter squadrons. Air Defense Groups were assigned to defense wings and assumed direct control of the fighter squadrons at those bases, as well as support squadrons to carry out their role as the USAF host organizations at the bases. As a result of this reorganization, the 525th Air Defense Group activated at New Castle and the 96th was assigned to it. In July 1953 the squadron upgraded to a newer model of the F-94, which was armed with HVAR rockets rather than cannon.
In August 1955, ADC implemented Project Arrow, which was designed to bring back on the active list the fighter units which had compiled memorable records in the two world wars. As part of this project, the 525th Air Defense Group was replaced by the squadron's World War II headquarters, the 82d Fighter Group. The 96th was inactivated along with its parent group in early 1958 when ADC ended its operations at New Castle.
Pilot Training.
In 1972 Air Training Command replaced its Major Command (MAJCON) controlled flying training units with USAF controlled units (AFCON) units. As part of this program the squadron was redesignated the 96th Flying Training Squadron and activated at Williams Air Force Base, Arizona when its parent 82d Flying Training Wing replaced the 3525th Pilot Training Wing. At Williams the unit trained USAF pilots to fly Cessna T-37 Tweet jet aircraft in the basic phase of the Undergraduate Pilot Training program. The squadron was inactivated in 1993 when Williams closed in the second round of the Base Realignment and Closure program.
In 1998, the 96th Flying Training Squadron was activated in the Air Force Reserve at Laughlin Air Force Base, Texas as an associate of the 47th Flying Training Wing. As the reserve associate unit for the wing the squadron trains Air Force Reserve pilots.
References.
Bibliography.
Further reading

</doc>
<doc id="20275025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275025" title="The Hunger and Other Stories">
The Hunger and Other Stories

The Hunger and Other Stories is the first collection of short stories by Charles Beaumont, published in April of 1957. A British edition was published in 1964 under the title "Shadow Play". The volume is out of print, and hard to find.
Reception.
Anthony Boucher praised Beaumont for his portrayal of "an eery uncertain world of unexpected terrors and betrayals," although he faulted the story selection in the "The Hunger" for including "a few items weak in either concept or execution"; Boucher concluded, however, that the volume included "enough wholly admirable stories to make the book worth every reader's while."

</doc>
<doc id="20275057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275057" title="U-KISS">
U-KISS

U-KISS (, ) is a South Korean boy band formed by NH Media in 2008. Their name is an acronym, standing for Ubiquitous Korean International idol Super Star. The group consists of Soohyun, Eli, Kiseop, Kevin, Hoon and AJ.  Their breakthrough hit was "Man Man Ha Ni" (2009) from their EP "ContiUKiss". They released their first full-length album "Only One" on February 3, 2010. In September 2011, U-Kiss released their second full-length album, "Neverland". They made their formal debut in Japan in 2011 with the release of the single "Tick Tack".  The second single is entitled "Forbidden Love" while their first Japanese full-length album was "A Shared Dream" (2012). Since their debut, the group has released three full-length albums, seven extended plays and various singles. The group also participated in various TV reality shows and films.
Life and career.
2008: Pre-debut and "Debut".
U-KISS was first formed as a six member boy-group in 2008. Kim Kibum and Kevin Woo were members of the boy band Xing but left the group in early 2007. The other four members were all individually selected by NH Media through auditions. U-KISS debuted in Japan on August 15, 2008 at the "Power of Atamix 08". The group debuted in South Korea on August 28, 2008 with a release of their first mini album, "New Generation," (N-Generation) on September 3, 2008 and a live performance of their first song "Not Young" on Mnet.  Even though they are new comer in the industry, U-KISS was considered for Japan-Korea collaborative project. A popular entertainment company, Yoshimoto Group in Japan, invested 150 billion KRW to groom U-KISS as an internationally known group. The reason behind this is their quality as a group with multilingual members: Alexander can converse in seven languages including Spanish, Portuguese, Cantonese, Japanese, Mandarin, Korean and English; Eli is fluent in English, Korean and Mandarin; the maknae Dongho can talk in Korean and Mandarin; Kevin in English while Kibum can speak Japanese.
2009–10: Only One, "variety shows" and first major concert.
U-KISS released their second mini-album "Bring It Back 2 Old School" on 2009 with its title song, "I Like You" which made them popular in Thailand.  The third mini-album titled "ContiUkiss" launched Lee Kiseop as the seventh member of the group. The title track "Man Man Ha Ni" was released following a change in their line-up.  The fourth mini album "Break Time" was released on 2010, along with their title track "Shut Up!. The group's first full-length album, "Only One", was released on February 3, 2010 spawning their highest chart-topping single in the Philippines, Bingeul Bingeul. The album also topped Hanteo Charts, Hot Tracks, Syn-nara Records and Evan Records in just one day. U-KISS then played in Malaysia, Mongolia and Japan to promote the album. U-KISS promoted the album in the Philippines through series of mall show, wherein they sold more than 1,000 copies in one day which breaks the record of the highest sales in a launch, earning them a million pesos. Due to the said success, the group had their first major concert in the Philippines dubbed as U-KISS First Kiss Tour in Manila. Aside from their music career, U-KISS also starred in their own variety shows, "All About U-KISS" , ‘’UKISS Vampire’’ and ‘’Chef Kiss’’ while the members also appeared on other shows. Kevin Woo and Alexander Lee Eusebio joined Arirang's radio show "Pops in Seoul" hosting the 'All About You' segment and were also featured on Brave Brother’s song, "Finally". Kim Eli also became an emcee of MBC's show, "Fusion". The new member Lee Kiseop appeared in a variety show known as "Uljjang Shidae 2 (Pretty Boys and Girls Season 2) ". Shin Dongho also made many appearances on shows, "The Invincible Baseball Team", "Idol Maknae Rebellion" and "My Black Mini Dress". Kibum along with Eli, also starred in the Thai drama "Autumn's Destiny" wherein their voices were dubbed due to the fact that they cannot speak Thai.
2011–2012: Japanese career, "Neverland", Tour and "DoraDora".
A US album was cancelled due to member termination of contract. The new U-KISS released their fifth mini-album, "Bran New Kiss", and a new ballad song, "0330". U-KISS released their second full-length album, "Neverland", in September with their singles "Neverland" and "Someday". A DVD, "U-KISS Days in Japan", debuted at No. 8 on the Daily Oricon Chart published in March 30, 2012. A compilation album called "First Kiss" placed second on Oricon daily charts on the day of its release. They also released the Japanese version of "Bran New Kiss" on August 24, 2011. The group released their first Japanese album, "Tick Tack", and their second Japanese album, "Forbidden Love", simultaneously with their first Japenese full-length album, "A Shared Dream". The album peaked at No.6 and No.2 respectively.
On 2012 they participated in the Music Bank concert held in Paris, France. The group became the first K-Pop group to perform in Colombia in line with the celebration of 2012's "Los 40 Principales" along with international star Shakira.
The group had their sold-out concert tour dubbed "U-KISS 1st Japan Live Tour 2012" in March that was held in Zepp Hall all over Japan. The tour lasted from March 2, 2012, to March 25, 2012. In the second week of June, two additional shows were sold-out.
This year, U-KISS has been chosen as Number 1 "Hallyu group to watch out" in Japan, while Kevin was chosen as "Luckiest Hallyu Star of 2012".
They released of their 6th mini-album in South Korea, "DoraDora" on April 25, 2012. On May 2012, DoraDora gained first spot on Germany's "German Asian Music Chart". The group also releases their 7th mini-album or the special album, "The Special to Kissme" on June 5. The second single "Te Amo" was released on June 1, 2012 on various music sites that immediately placed No.4 on 'Soribada'. The group released their third Japanese single, "Dear My Friend" on July 5, 2012. It was used as a theme song for a Japanese anime, "Stormy Night (Secret Friends)".
Aside from album releases, the group is also set to perform along with Girls Generation and Shinee at the "K-POP Nation Concert in Macao 2012". Member Kim Jaeseop (AJ) was admitted at Columbia University of United States in 2011. It was made announced on July 29, 2012 in their Japanese Live Tour that AJ will be in hiatus for 5 months and will no longer attend activities of U-KISS starting August to concentrate on his studies. According to NH Media, AJ will return in early 2013, meanwhile, U-KISS comeback in September will only feature 6 members. Before AJ's temporary departure from the group, the group attended the A-Nation opening ceremony at the Tokyo National Stadium. On August 9, 2012 they are expected to represent Korea in the "Asia Progress M", part of the A-Nation's activities, the biggest music festival in Japan. The group also performed on August 26, 2012 with Hamasaki Ayumi, M-Flo and Big Bang at the Ajinomoto Stadium.
U-KISS had the last leg of their Japan Tour in Budokan wherein they garnered 10,000 audience, their biggest to date. Meanwhile, the group released their fourth Japanese single, "One of You" on September 5, 2012. On its first week, it peak to No. 1 at the weekly chart of "Tower Records". On September 20, the group released their 7th mini album "Stop Girl" and planned to actively promote it in 10 countries including Thailand, Philippines, United States and China.
U-KISS received a special achievement award in recognition for their contribution to the "Hallyu Wave". The group attended Arirang TV‘s celebration event for their milestone of reaching over 100 Million clients. At the event, U-KISS was awarded the "Special Hallyu Achievement Award" from the minister of the Ministry of Culture, Sports, and Tourism.
U-KISS released their fifth Japanese single, "Distance" on December 12, 2012.
2013–present: fourth visit to Manila, "Collage" and the first sub-unit "uBEAT", U.S. Tour.
U-KISS participated in the "Dream KPOP Fantasy Concert" in Manila, Philippines on January 19, 2013. AJ, who was previously on hiatus, returned to U-KISS on February 16 to attend their Valentine's Day event. U-KISS will also release their first remix album on March 27, 2013. "Alone" was released on February 13, 2013, and was used as the theme song for Japanese broadcasting channel NHK's drama "Bookstore Worker Michiru’s Personal Story".
U-KISS released their third full-length album, "Collage", featuring AJ, on March 7, while the lead single "Standing Still", composed by Ryan Jhun, was released on March 6. It features Kevin solo song, "My Reason" and Eli-AJ composed duet "Party All the Time" and Soohyun-Hoon's "More Painful than Pain". The lead single "Standing Still" was first performed in "Show Champion" on March 6, a day before its release date. The group also performed at the "Formula 1" event held at the Petronas Tower in Malaysia on March 22, 2013, wherein KPOP group 2NE1 and American artists Backstreet Boys and Demi Lovato shared the same stage with U-KISS. The group stated during the press conference, ""...while we went on foreign performances, we were on stages with famous stars, but this performance feels different [...] this will be so much more meaningful because we can stand on the same place as Backstreet Boys, who we really respect. We’re so honored that U-KISS was invited to a place where people all over the world gather, and we’ll put on a great performance as the Korean representatives.""
Along with the album release, U-KISS will also embark on a Zepp Tour, dubbed as "U-KISS Zepp Tour 2013", during the summer. The expected tour attendance was to be exceeding past 60,000 peoplel. Soohyun and Kevin were also announced to be a part of the musical adaptation of "Summer Snow", along with Super Junior's Sungmin. U-KISS also released a dating simulation mobile game, "U-KISS 365" in Japan, published by Mobage.
On April 8, NH Media confirmed "U-KISS’ first sub-unit 'uBEAT' will debut at the end of April." The sub-unit is composed of members Eli and AJ with Kevin featuring on the title track as the main vocalist. The sub-unit is also said to have its title track produced by the Brave Brothers, who previously produced their hit "Man Man Ha Ni" and uBEAT is set to release a mini album with 2 or 3 new songs.
Avex Trax announced that U-KISS were to release their second full-length Japanese album, "Inside Of Me", on July 24, 2013. The group would promote the album through their national tour. The group also are all featured on their own "U-KISS Visa Card", making them the first Korean artists to appear on a Visa card for one of the three major banks, Sumitomo Mitsui, in Japan. Fans who use the "U-KISS Visa Card" will get points towards exclusive U-KISS items. U-KISS will also attend A-Nation 2013 as part of the Asia "Progress".
On October 16, 2013, it was announced that member Dongho will be leaving the group due to health and personal issues. A U.S. tour was announced in December, and will make stops in San Francisco, Los Angeles and New York in January. The group also released a hybrid clothes album allowing fans to scan t-shirts made exclusively by the members to get access U-KISS album "Only You". They met relative success with their tour as they ended up on media outlets such as "Fuse", "Good Morning America" and the "New York Post". At the New York concert U-KISS announced that fans should look forward to a ballad sub-unit soon. Currently U-KISS is gearing up for promotions of their 8th Japanese Single "Break Up" as 5 members due to AJ returning to study at Columbia University.
Members.
Former members.
! colspan="2" | Stage name
! colspan="2" | Birth name
! rowspan="2" | Date of birth
! rowspan="
! Romanized
! Hangul
! Romanized
! Hangul
Philanthropy.
On June 7, 2011, U-KISS along with other K-Pop groups like 2NE1, MBLAQ, 4Minute, FT Island and BEAST held a special show dubbed as "Seoul-Osaka Music of Hearts" to raise funds to help the victims of the 2011 Japan earthquake. The group also became the first K-Pop Idol to hold a fan-meeting in Cambodia held on June 18, 2012 dubbed as "Share The Love Charity Concert". The fanmeeting leads to a charity organization in a nearby school wherein the members interacted with the kids and passed out baseball bats and other baseball equipment for the children. The show, as a part of the benefit project was sponsored by famous Cambodian people and was even attended by the Prime Minister of Cambodia, Hun Sen.
On February 1, 2013, Soohyun and Kevin hosted a charity event for Jakarta after the heavy flooding. Soohyun and Kevin auctioned 2 CD's which they interacted with to raise the value, along with clothing that they've used. The two members also held a press conference explaining why their showcase would be postponed to April. Along with the press conference, they also visited Pluit
where they held the charity session and interacted with kids who were affected by the flooding.

</doc>
<doc id="20275096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275096" title="Estrogenic fat">
Estrogenic fat

Estrogenic fat is a form of adipose tissue (or subcutaneous fat) which develops under the influence of estrogen, and particularly estradiol, in women.
Natural physiology.
Estrogenic fat is a feminine secondary sex characteristic, which develops at puberty and is maintained by estradiol throughout a woman's fertile years. After menopause it diminishes or, in many cases, is slowly replaced by other, non-estradiol-sensitive forms of adipose tissue.
A special form of estrogenic fat is the iliac (hip) fat layer, which normally occurs below the iliac crest in females of childbearing age. Its cells contain a wider variety of fatty acids than most adipose tissues do. During the middle trimester of fetal development, when certain long-chain fatty acids are needed for organ development, the mother's iliac fat layer supplies these acids. Women who lack this normal layer are at increased risk of giving birth to underdeveloped newborns.

</doc>
<doc id="20275127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275127" title="Guy Wyser-Pratte">
Guy Wyser-Pratte

Guy P. Wyser-Pratte (born June 21, 1940 in Vichy, France) is an American financial investor and corporate raider. He is the head of New York-based Wyser-Pratte & Co., an investment fund with some $500 million in assets under management, focused on “undervalued European equities.”
Wyser-Pratte holds an M.B.A. in finance from New York University and a B.A. in history from the University of Rochester. He wrote two books on risk arbitrage (1971 and 1982).
Guy Wyser-Pratte tried to take control of Lagardere but he failed because of the opposition of the majority of shareholders.

</doc>
<doc id="20275133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275133" title="Leonid Denysenko">
Leonid Denysenko

Leonid Denysenko is an Australian artist of Ukrainian descent living in Sydney, Australia. He is notable for the introduction of the graphic art technique of "literography". He is the only surviving founding member of the Ukrainian Artists Society of Australia.
Biography and career.
Born in Warsaw in 1926 of Ukrainian émigré parents, Leonid studied art in Poland. After World War II he worked as an artist with the United States armed forces in Germany.
After arriving in Australia in 1949 with his family, he was sent to a migrant reception and training camp at Bathurst, NSW. As part of the 'assisted passage' Leonid and his brother, Yurij were under a contract to the Australian Government to work where the Government sent them, and the two young men learnt they were to be sent to Queensland as sugar cane cutters. As related by Leonid himself in a 2-page article in the "Australian Women's Weekly":
In time, the Denysenkos left the camp and Leonid with his mother and brother Yurij, helped stage a number of Ukrainian arts and craft shows in Australia. By 1950 Leonid Denysenko was already being featured in Australian media as a "migrant artist from Ukraine", and "a young Ukrainian whose pen-and- ink work is much above the ordinary".
Leonid completed the necessary examinations which allowed him to teach art in secondary and high schools and his varied career saw him work as a stage and set designer for the theatre and films, a cartoonist and illustrator of books and periodicals, a stamp designer, a leading dancer in a ballet company, an art teacher and principal and a freelance journalist.
He holds a Degree in Graphic Art, a Certificate in Education and a Diploma in Fine Arts.
Commonwealth Jubilee Exhibition of New Australian Arts and Crafts.
In 1951 Leonid Denysenko was chosen to be in charge of the New Australian Arts and Crafts Exhibition, which was part of the celebrations for the Jubilee of Australia's Federation. Denysenko's pen-and-ink sketches of Australian towns visited during the exhibition's tour were also part of the show. This touring exhibition visited capital cities and towns in all the States of Australia, including Queensland and Tasmania.
Works.
Leonid Denysenko pioneered a new graphic art technique called "literography", which uses letters from words to form detailed pictures. His most famous work is the icon "God is Love", which features an image of Jesus Christ using letters of the word "Love" written in 79 different languages.
In December 1955, the Australian Department of Immigration announced a public competition to obtain designs for a suitable stamp about migration. Designs also were sought from a further 10 artists and designers including from Leonid Denysenko. About 300 entries were received.
Despite the great response to the competition and much discussion, a stamp on the theme of migration was never issued. Instead, the Department of Immigration used many of the entries in its touring immigration and citizenship promotional displays. In 1989 the two entries by Denysenko were featured in an exhibition of these "forgotten works" at the Powerhouse Museum in Sydney.
Together with his brother Jurij, an architect, Leonid won a competition for the design of the International Monument in Fairfield in Western Sydney, that celebrates migration and the multi-ethnic community in that local government area.
Denysenko's designed the mosaics adorning the church at the Ukrainian Orthodox Centre in Canberra.
Exhibitions.
Leonid Denysenko has exhibited in group exhibitions of the Ukrainian Artists Society of Australia in both Australia, and Ukraine, and his work "God is Love" has featured in many exhibitions throughout Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20275141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275141" title="Aira Mitsuki">
Aira Mitsuki

Musical background and releases.
Aira was chosen as the winner of Mega Trance 2007 from 6,325 applicants. She released her debut single, "Colorful Tokyo Sounds No. 9", on August 8 of the same year. A song from the single was selected as the official theme for the Transformers Café, based on the "Transformers" film, in Roppongi. Mitsuki performed at an MTV-sponsored event for the film on July 25.
Her first album, "Copy", was released on September 3, 2008. It was released in two different versions: a 12-track album and a 16-track album. The albums differ in that track 8 on the 12 regular edition album is the original version of "High Bash", while the Yakenohara version appears on the extended edition, and the songs "Star Fruits Surf Rider", "Rock'n Roll Is Dead", and "Romantic Rope" are included in the extended version. Additionally, those who purchased the album through Tower Records also received an exclusive track, "Yakenohara Megamix", while those who bought the album through HMV received the track "L0ne1yBoy L0ne1yGirl" as a bonus track.
Track 1 of the album, titled "Galaxy Boy", was used as the ending song to Aichi Television's programme "Bonita!Bonita!!" It was also used to promote the "Dream car club of Tamoei Yakushiji". The album reached a peak daily position of number 31 on the Oricon chart, and a peak weekly position of number 48 and sold 3,163 copies.
Mitsuki's first major single was written as a tribute to China for the 2008 Olympics and released on March 5, 2008. Her second major (and fourth overall) single, "Robot Honey", was released on October 29, 2008 and followed by "Valentine Step" and "Sayonara Technopolis" in February 2009. She released her seventh single, "Barbie Barbie" on May 20, and a low-key compilation CD, "Aira's Science CD" on June 17, 2009.
Aira released her second studio album, titled "Plastic", on July 22, 2009 and her third album, "???" on November 17, 2010.
Musical style and influences.
Aira's musical style has been compared to the popular Yasutaka Nakata-produced acts Capsule and Perfume. Aira has stated that she is a fan of Nakata's work and cites the Pizzicato Five, Kahimi Karie, Yuki, Justice, Cornelius, and Daft Punk as influences on her MySpace page.
Aira's music usually carries themes of science fiction or pop culture with ambient sound effects, heavy use of vocoder and lyrics exploring concepts such as space, robots and technology. "Galaxy Boy", for example, is space-themed and written about a "prototypical galaxy boy" while "Sayonara Technopolis" and its B-sides are written about issues such as human apathy, global warming, and propose moving to the Moon.
Aira has experimented with different genres of music; much of "Copy" had a dance sound while "Valentine Step" has strong Latin influences and "Sayonara Technopolis" was marketed as "electro meets big beat". She has also recorded several ballads and a heavy techno cover of Lenny Kravitz's "Rock and Roll Is Dead". She has, however, remained consistent in that she uses voice filters and synthesisers.
Aira's videos make use of animation and CGI, with typically fashion-forward costumes. She has professed to being a fan of video games such as Pokémon and has stated in interviews that she is inspired by science fiction and technology. She also bought a plot of land on the Moon for the release of "Sayonara Technopolis".
Aira's compilation EP, "Aira's Science CD", contains two tracks, "Science Music" and "Senjō no Merry Christmas" which feature the thereminvox, played by Masami Takeuchi. The CD also contains a cover of Kahimi Karie's "Mike Alway's Diary" and a remix by I Am Robot and Proud, as well as versions of "Science Music" and "Senjō no Merry Christmas" sans theremin.

</doc>
<doc id="20275150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275150" title="Fotofinder">
Fotofinder

FotoFinder is a worldwide brand for medical imaging systems. The German company FotoFinder Systems GmbH was founded in 1991 and has developed imaging solutions for the early detection of melanoma and non-melanoma skin cancer.
FotoFinder methods for early skin cancer diagnosis:
Each of the presented methods is a pillar in the early detection of skin cancer. In an overall view, the diagnostic accuracy will be improved with the use of special cameras, expert software and scientific-based analysis systems.
External links

</doc>
<doc id="20275193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275193" title="Ghemme DOCG">
Ghemme DOCG

Ghemme is a red Italian wine with Denominazione di Origine Controllata e Garantita status produced in the Colli Novaresi viticultural area in the hills of the Province of Novara in Piedmont. It was awarded DOC status in 1969 and received its DOCG classification in 1997. 
The wine is made primarily from the Nebbiolo grape varietal (known locally as "Spanna") and like Gattinara, it may be blended with Uva Rara (known locally as "Bonarda di Gattinara") and Vespolina.
A minimum of 3 years total aging is required, including a minimum 20 months in wood and 9 months in bottle from November 1 of the harvest year. Riserva is a minimum 4 years total aging, including a minimum 25 months in wood and 9 months in bottle from November 1 of the harvest year.

</doc>
<doc id="20275316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275316" title="Northkill Creek">
Northkill Creek

Northkill Creek is a stream primarily located in Berks County, Pennsylvania. It feeds into Tulpehocken Creek and covers part of the Schuylkill River and Delaware River watersheds. Northkill Creek and its tributaries are high quality trout streams.
Geography.
Northkill Creek begins in the Northkill Gap on Blue Mountain near Shartlesville. The creek flows nearly roughly south to its confluence with Tulpehocken Creek just south of Bernville. Tributaries include Little Northkill, Mollhead and Wolf Creeks. The confluence with Little Northkill Creek is at Bernville. Northkill Creek's watershed covers approximately in Jefferson, Penn, Tulpehocken, Upper Bern and Upper Tulpehocken Townships and Bernville and Strausstown Boroughs in Berks County and South Manheim and Wayne Townships in Schuylkill County. The Little Northkill sub-watershed drains 52.5% of this area and provides approximately 60% of the total flow.
The bedrock is primarily sandstone interbedded with shale, slate, quartzite, chert and limestone fragments. Blue Mountain is underlain by sandstone, with quartz-rich rock. More moderate slopes are underlain by shale. This bedrock does not provide significant ability to neutralize acidic pollution. The shale component limits the bedrock's water-bearing properties and hence draught resistance.
Land use.
In the Northkill watershed, 61% of land is classified as agricultural and 37% as forested. Loss of farmland to non-agricultural use is estimated at annually.
Stream quality.
That portion of Northkill Creek from its source to the I-78 bridge is designated by the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection as an Exceptional Value stream. The remainder (from I-78 to the Tulpehocken) is designated Cold Water Fishery. The Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission designates Northkill Creek and its tributaries as wild trout streams. As such Northkill Creek and its tributaries are important nurseries and refuges for wild trout. The creek is stocked with both brown and brook trout. The watershed has historically hosted American eel, but dams have contributed to a decline in that population. Other significant populations include cutlips minnow, common shiner, blacknose dace, creek chub, and white sucker. Stream quality is stressed by acid rain (primarily from Ohio power plants), agricultural discharge (nitrates and phosphates), and non-agricultural development (siltation, road salt, animal waste, sewage).
History.
The water and associated flora and fauna of Northkill Creek supported the Lenape and early European settlers. Anabaptists and Lutherans settled the Northkill watershed in the early 18th century. In 1736, several Amish families purchased land along Northkill Creek. The Northkill Amish Settlement was the first organized Amish congregation in the U.S.
The Hochstetlers, Yoders, Hetzlers and Millers were joined by Zugs, Jotters, Glicks, Kauffmans, and Bishop Jacob Hartzler, and eventually included more than 150 residents. They constructed stone houses, planted apple orchards, and harvested hay, wheat, and rye. This community would later disband and move elsewhere. In 1754, Fort Northkill was built about two miles (3 km) east of Strausstown, near the Northkill Creek and about one mile (1.6 km) south of the base of the Blue Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="20275317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275317" title="Zabrekve">
Zabrekve

Zabrekve is a settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of Sveti Mohor ("Sankt Hermagor") and Bezovnica.
History.
During the Second World War, the Partisans burned the hamlet of Bezovnica on 10 March 1945.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to Saints Hermagoras and Fortunatus and was rebuilt in 1973. The original Baroque church was dynamited in the spring of 1944 or in March 1945 and the surviving bell tower burned down in 1972 after being struck by lightning.

</doc>
<doc id="20275335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275335" title="Ronnie Hughes">
Ronnie Hughes

Ronnie Hughes is a Mansfield, Ohio guitarist who recently completed a stint with the classic rock band, Mötley Crüe. Hughes was a founding member of local bands Van Halen and Aerosmith During the 1980s, Hughes was a staple of the L.A. California rock and roll bar "The whiskey" owned and operated by Pete Moss of Culture Club fame. Local bands and acts like Ratt, Dokken, Cinderella Dokken, Kiss, Bon Jovi, [and Tone X also played the Party House and achieved some international recognition. The bar drew named acts like The Thin Lizzy, Freddy Mercury of Queen fame, Pantera, and was an early practice and jam location for Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails.
Hughes has played with Mansfield local and regional bands including, well Mansfield has really produced no legends expect GG Allin and Scott McKinley.
Hughes is also known for his work with NASA, where he has designed logos, t-shirts, and rockets and produced the locally famous, "Who the F--- is John Glenn" shirts seen in the north central Ohio area. Ronnie is also responsible for international sexual hand gesture know as the "Shocker", some say he invented it after spending a particularly exhausting weekend with Larry Pennepacker, and as Larry has been quoted since then as saying "It's two in the pink..." etc. 
References.
Miller, L., November 13, 2008. "Local bands set for 'Party House' reunion in Mansfield on Saturday", Mansfield News Journal.

</doc>
<doc id="20275343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275343" title="Lukáš Janič">
Lukáš Janič

Lukáš Janič (born 30 December 1986 in Prešov) is a professional Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for MFK Zemplín Michalovce.
Career statistics.
"Last updated: 16 May 2010"

</doc>
<doc id="20275350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275350" title="List of Ocean's Trilogy characters">
List of Ocean's Trilogy characters

This is a list of characters from Steven Soderbergh’s Ocean’s Trilogy, starting in 2001 with "Ocean's Eleven", followed by 2004's "Ocean's Twelve" and finalized in 2007 with "Ocean's Thirteen".
The Eleven.
Danny Ocean.
A gentleman-thief from New York, who is the ringleader and idea man of the crew that robs three casinos in "Ocean’s Eleven", a Fabergé egg in "Ocean’s Twelve" and award diamonds in "Ocean’s Thirteen", in addition to conning a businessman into losing millions of dollars on the opening night of his new casino.
Danny is played by George Clooney.
Rusty Ryan.
Rusty is Danny’s right-hand man, although it is more than implied in "Twelve" that Rusty is the logistical heart of all the crew’s operations, handling the details of the day-to-day operations while Danny is more big picture. Very often shown eating some kind of fast food, his skills are used more in the planning phase of the heists, although he takes on disguises in "Eleven" and "Thirteen". His ex- girlfriend Isabel is what gets the team in trouble in "Twelve", despite Rusty condemning Danny’s efforts to win back an ex-wife in "Eleven".
Rusty is played by Brad Pitt.
Linus Caldwell.
The son of a legendary con artist, Linus is one of two newcomers to Danny’s crew, recruited by Danny in person after demonstrating his pickpocket skills – which will be one of the essential parts of the elaborate heist. Throughout the trilogy, Linus repeatedly makes attempts to gain respect as a leader figure of the crew, almost to the point of obsession. At various times, he seems to succeed: he outsmarts Danny in "Eleven" by bringing new batteries for the explosives, and in "Twelve" gets a chance to run things when half the crew end up in prison. In "Thirteen", he even takes on the challenge of wooing a woman, despite not being the charmer of the gang (which is mentioned to be Rusty), though he uses a "Gilroy," a chemical aid, for this trick, and likewise, all his positive attempts at gaining control are playfully dismissed by Danny and Rusty, most notably in the meeting with Matsui in "Twelve" where they trick Linus into believing he offended Matsui with his Kashmir lyrics.
Linus is played by Matt Damon.
Reuben Tishkoff.
A flamboyant business kingpin, Reuben is an old school business tycoon who gets muscled out of his Vegas hotel by Terry Benedict, which is the reason he finances the expensive casino-caper. He appears to be pushed over again in "Thirteen", when he is forced out of a partnership by Willy Bank, leading to a breakdown that ignites Ocean’s revenge plot against Bank. His cunning business instinct is illustrated by the fact that he was the only one to make money out of his take in the Bellagio heist (on the stock market) rather than lose money. While his good-hearted nature may have cost him these two business ventures, it appears to be exactly his appeal amongst the thieves, who make very clear in "Thirteen" their appreciation, with Danny and Rusty going so far as to imply Reuben was a mentor to them.
Tishkoff is played by Elliott Gould.
Saul Bloom.
Saul is an ulcerous old pro, who is brought out of retirement to play a crucial role in the casino-heist, playing “Lyman Zerga”, an arms dealer with a special delivery he needs to be located in the casino-vault. His presence ensures the team of a member watching the security cameras and getting the explosives into the vault. In "Twelve", Saul initially refuses to go along with the pan-European caper, but ultimately shows up as a Swiss doctor in the Lookie-loo con. In "Thirteen", Saul plays “Kensington Chubb”, a hotel reviewer.
He is portrayed by Carl Reiner.
Basher Tarr.
Basher is the ammunitions expert of the team. Talking with a heavy cockney accent, often in rhyming slang, Basher is more in it for the thrills than for the money, even calling Rusty and Danny ‘proper villains’ as opposed to the fools he unsuccessfully tries to rob a bank with in "Eleven". He is brought in to create the blackout necessary for Danny and Linus to get down the elevator shaft in "Eleven", and simulates an earthquake with a drilling machine in "Thirteen".
Basher is played by Don Cheadle.
Frank Catton.
An old acquaintance of Danny and Rusty, Frank is an experienced card dealer who has left his mark in various Vegas casinos. He is the first to be recruited for the Bellagio-plan. He is shown to have an affinity for manicures, which even leads to his arrest in "Twelve". His lack of participation in "Twelve" is made up for by his central role in the two casino-heists: first as the inside man at the Bellagio, later as a game host in Bank’s casino. The simulated quarrel with Linus’ NGC-persona results in the latter pick pocketing the vault codes out of Benedict's jacket.
Frank is played by Bernie Mac.
Livingston Dell.
Livingston is the tech-guy, a surveillance specialist who moonlights for the FBI. While a genius with computers, and surveillance equipment, Livingston’s anxiety threatens the success of the Bellagio heist. Despite his nervousness, he passes a polygraph test in "Thirteen", although he fails to rig the card shuffling machines and secretly calls Roman Nagel for help.
Livingston is played by Eddie Jemison.
The Malloy Brothers.
Living in Provo, Utah, the Malloy brothers—or "the Mormon twins"—Virgil and Turk are brought in by Danny Ocean to aid in the scheme in Ocean's Eleven and the two eventually become members of Ocean's group. The brothers are capable of adapting and becoming any character as well as their willingness to do small cons. They often serve as transportation with Turk being used as a getaway driver during Ocean's Eleven. The chemistry of the brothers consists of a constant state of arguing and bickering, which continues into their acts – and which the twins often use to their advantage. Their knowledge of remote control cars is used in "Eleven".
Virgil and Turk are played by Casey Affleck and Scott Caan.
The Amazing Yen.
The Chinese acrobat Yen is the second of two newbies in the group, called a “grease man” by Danny and Rusty, brought in for his flexibility and short posture. He is the first to actually enter the heavily guarded and secured casino-vault, brought into the underground backstage tunnels while confined in a money-cart cunningly delivered by the Malloy brothers, while being watched by Saul’s Lyman Zerga character. Once inside, Yen places the explosives from Zerga’s briefcase on the vault door, waiting for Danny and Linus to trigger it from the outside. His newfound wealth after the heist results in him inhabiting a huge Florida mansion, dressing up with a lot of bling. His specific skills are much less necessary in the subsequent heists, though in "Thirteen" he is responsible for climbing up an elevator shaft.
Yen, played by real life acrobat Qin Shaobo, only generally speaks in Mandarin, which almost everyone in the gang can understand, and can understand English. His only lines in the movies that are English are filled with cuss words, such as in "Eleven" when he shouts to Danny and Linus "Where the fuck you been?", and in "Thirteen", where the only word he says in English, repeated several times, is "Shit."
Antagonists.
Terry Benedict.
Benedict is the slick casino-owner of three Las Vegas casinos (Bellagio, MGM Grand Las Vegas and The Mirage). Having a romantic relationship with Tess Ocean makes him the perfect mark for Danny’s big plan. After the major heist, he vows to get those responsible. It is not until he gets help from the mysterious “Night Fox” that he actually does, and reluctantly offers them two weeks to cough up all the money they owe him (plus interest) before hurting them. While still an antagonist of the team, he is recruited in "Thirteen" (and therefore possibly the twelfth member of the crew in this particular scheme) after Danny’s crew runs out of money halfway through the Bank-con. Fearing Willy Bank’s competition, Benedict agrees to back the operation financially, with his own demands – yet sets up the Night Fox to double cross the team. Terry’s ruthlessness, exemplified most by his choice for his lost vault money over Tess, is ironically opposed by his forced performance as a philanthropist on "The Oprah Winfrey Show".
Benedict is played by Andy García.
François Toulour.
Best known alias, “Night Fox”, Toulour is a French Baron and master thief, whose skills are rivaled only by Danny Ocean. His ego triggers him to force Ocean’s crew into a competition. He sets the team up by telling Terry Benedict of their whereabouts, and challenges the team to determine who is the best thief, promising to pay off their debt to Benedict if he loses. While he manages to steal the target, a Fabergé egg, he later learns the egg he stole was fake and the team beat him to it. Toulour is humiliated, but pays off Benedict. He reappears in Benedict's service, attempting to foil Danny’s heist of the diamond awards in The Bank hotel. The opposite of Ocean, Toulour specializes as a Cat Burglar; as such, his jobs are more physically demanding and seemingly carried out by him alone, whereas Ocean prefers using the 'Long Con' approach to slowly manipulate the situation to his favor.
Toulour is played by Vincent Cassel.
Willy Bank.
Bank is a successful and experienced hotel owner, whose every previous hotel has won a prestigious award. He serves as the main antagonist of the third film. He thinks of himself as a credible old-timer, for he “once shook Sinatra’s hand”. After backstabbing Reuben, his soon-to-be-opened hotel-casino becomes the final target for Ocean’s eleven.
Bank is played by Al Pacino.
The Women.
Tess Ocean.
Having filed for divorce during her husband’s four year prison term, Tess moves away from New York and becomes the curator of the Bellagio art gallery. She also begins a relationship with Terry Benedict, resulting in the jealousy of her ex-husband Danny. Unknowingly, she plays a small part in the casino heist when a cell phone is put in her coat. After realizing Danny loves her more than Terry, she goes back to him and awaits him coming out of his second prison sentence (for violating his parole). In "Twelve", although Tess seems to accept her husband’s never-ending search for potential targets, she still demands that her husband take their lives more seriously. However, she is drawn into the planned theft by invitation of Linus, who needs her in the museum heist as she bears a striking resemblance to actress Julia Roberts. After she and Danny are reunited she makes him apologize for forcing her into doing something wrong.
Tess is played by Julia Roberts and is generally considered to be Ocean’s twelfth member in the second film.
Isabel Lahiri.
Only mentioned in "Eleven" as Rusty’s ex-girlfriend, Isabel appears in "Twelve" as an agent for Europol living in Amsterdam specializing in major robberies, on the hunt for the Night Fox while admirably commemorating the all time master thief Gaspar LeMarque. Her expertise, it appears, comes from her estranged father, who was, in fact, LeMarque himself, a negative legacy Isabel seems to want to break away from. However, she loved Rusty too much to give him up – before he runs off. At their next meeting, when Rusty’s in Amsterdam doing a job with the Ocean crew, she is much less forgiving, and eventually chases the men all the way to Rome.
Isabel is played by Catherine Zeta-Jones. Isabel and Tess do not appear in "Thirteen", as Danny states it is “not their fight” (referring to the revenge on Willy Bank).
Abigail Sponder.
Miss Sponder is Willy Bank’s right-hand-woman, appearing to be cold and strict, only to be seduced by Linus (in disguise) wearing a chemical substance. She deeply appreciates Bank on a platonic level, although the sentiments are not reciprocated.
Abigail is played by Ellen Barkin.
Aides.
The following helpers of the Ocean's crew generally do not know the entire master plan of each film's con, or do not share in the final loot (or so it is implied). Nevertheless, many of them could take claim to being a member of Ocean's evergrowing team, going as far as sixteen known associates in "Ocean's Thirteen", rather than the 13 the title implies.
Bruiser.
Next to Ocean’s original eleven, Denny Shields and Terry Benedict, Bruiser is the only character to appear in all three films, each time as a small aide in the plan, presumably without knowing the magnitude of the overall scheme. In "Eleven", he is paid $2 million by Danny to fake beating him up. In "Twelve", he appears in Amsterdam as a lawyer getting Frank Catton out of jail. In "Thirteen", he plays a high roller.
Bruiser is played by Scott L. Schwartz.
Roman Nagel.
Roman Nagel is a British master thief whom Rusty and Frank had worked with in the past. A technological genius, he makes the holographic Fabergé egg in "Twelve", and comes back in "Thirteen" for advice on nearly all the cons planned for the reversed big store. Nagel provides key information about the Greco security system that leads to the use of a magnetron to disable the system, and an earthquake to provide an exit plan. Further, after Livingston is "caught", he swaps out all of the shuffling machines, allowing them to run the blackjack cheat.
Nagel is played by Eddie Izzard.
Matsui.
When Rusty tricks the gang into going to Amsterdam for a job, Danny, Rusty and Linus meet up with Matsui to hear the details – hoping for a better paying job once the first one is executed. Matsui, however, was recruited by Toulour to send the Ocean-team on a heist the Night Fox performs himself. The meeting with Matsui, taking place in coffee shop De Dampkring, is composed of seemingly senseless phrases – or so it appears. It is later revealed the sign language is a practical joke ("Lost in Translation") pulled on Linus as a reminder for him not to be too eager on the team’s leadership.
Matsui is played by Robbie Coltrane.
Molly Stark.
When the Ocean-crew is in jail in Italy after the failed theft of the Coronation egg in "Twelve", the local justiciary hands them over to an American official demanding their extradition. It is revealed after the prison scene that Molly is in fact Linus’ mother.
Molly Stark is played by Cherry Jones.
Gaspar LeMarque.
The mysterious all time master thief mentioned by Isabel as an example for all active robbers, LeMarque actually plays a crucial part in the entire operation carried out by Ocean’s eleven in "Twelve". He pits the Night Fox against the Ocean crew with his master plan, which results in him getting back the Coronation Egg he once stole but gave back because his wife insisted on it; the Ocean crew getting their money from the Night Fox needed to pay back Benedict; and LeMarque getting reacquainted with his estranged daughter.
LeMarque is played by Albert Finney.
Debbie.
She is a conceirge at The Bank in "Thirteen", and after being promised a managing function in another hotel, agrees to help the crew in a variety of small ways in their elaborate con, thus functioning as an inside-(wo)man.
Debbie is played by Olga Sosnovska.
Bobby Caldwell.
Mentioned in the first two films as a legendary con artist and personal friend of the likes of Ruben and Danny, Bobby Caldwell is Linus's father. He makes an appearance in "Thirteen" as an FBI-agent working on casino fraud cases, but ultimately helps Linus in his final attempt to steal the diamonds out of a penthouse suite.
Caldwell is played by Bob Einstein.
Others.
Topher Grace.
The film actor is one of several TV-stars making a cameo appearance in "Eleven" as poker-students being taught the game by Rusty, but makes another small appearance as himself in "Twelve" as a visitor of Rusty's ill-fated west coast hotel, having trashed his room and appearing under the influence of drugs or alcohol, stating he “totally phoned in that Dennis Quaid-movie” (a reference to In Good Company, the trailer of which was shown before Ocean's Twelve.)
Walsh.
Casino-manager in Benedict's casino, who stays with Lyman Zerga during his heart attack.
Played by Michael Delano in "Eleven" and "Twelve".
Commissario Giordano.
He refuses Isabel the necessary arrest papers for the Ocean's crew, after which she forges them. This will prove useful later on, when Giordano denies Lahiri any rights to interrogate the thieves, rather turning them over to a US official.
Played by Mattia Sbragia in Twelve.
Bruce Willis.
Plays himself visiting Rome, and running into Tess-as-Julia Roberts. After many characters comment to Willis they foresaw the surprise twist of his most successful movie, Willis himself claims to have known the museum con (the “Lookie-loo with a Bundle of Joy”) all along.
Denny Shields.
Played by Jerry Weintraub, the producer of the trilogy. He merely makes a cameo as a high roller in "Eleven", but this was turned into a more significant role in the sequels. In "Twelve", in flashback, we see him (still unnamed) bragging to LeMarque about Danny's Bellagio-heist, calling him the best thief he has ever seen. In hindsight, this remark may be the kick start of all events in the second movie, as François Toulour is witness to the remark, and because of his jealousy begins to stage the complex “steal-off” with Danny, involving Terry Benedict along the way. In "Thirteen", Weintraub returns as this character, this time called Shields, being more involved in Ocean's heist on Willie Bank, partially out of guilt for getting Ocean's group in trouble in "Twelve."
V.U.P..
Short for Very Unimportant Person, he is the real Five Diamond reviewer, who is the unwilling target of harassment and embarrassment by Danny's team in order for him to give Willy Bank's casino a disastrous review – tricking the casino owner into believing Kensington Chubb (see Saul Bloom) is the actual reviewer. Rusty does make it up to the poor man at the airport by rigging a slot machine, which gives him eleven million dollars.
Played by David Paymer.

</doc>
<doc id="20275358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275358" title="Robert Graham Manson">
Robert Graham Manson

Robert Graham Manson (11 June 1883 - 14 February 1950) was a British musician.
Biography.
Robert Graham Manson was born in London, one of four sons of James Alexander Manson (born 1852), a journalist and author. One of his brothers was James Bolivar Manson (1879 - 1945) who was an artist and Director of the Tate Gallery in London from 1930 to 1938.
Robert was a student at the Royal College of Music from January 1900 to December 1903. His tutors included Arthur Somervell, Sir Frederick Bridge and Sir Charles Villiers Stanford. He played the violin, viola and piano. He went on to play in the string sections of the Scottish Orchestra and the London Symphony Orchestra before emigrating to North America. Here he played in the Cleveland Symphony Orchestra (Sokoloff, conductor) for two seasons, the Toronto Symphony Orchestra (Frank Welsman, conductor) for three seasons and then went on to become leader of the Second Violins in the New Symphony Orchestra of Toronto (Dr Von Kunits, conductor). In 1913 he returned to England and served for four years in the British Expeditionary Force during the Great War, thereafter returning to Canada to continue his work with the Toronto Symphony Orchestra.
In addition, he became a member of the Spivak String Quartet, formed and led by Eli Spivak (1902 - 1960), in which he played the viola.
He was also a composer - his works including the Symphony in G Minor. This was first performed in the County Orange Hall, Toronto (date unknown) by about 50 members of the Toronto Symphony Orchestra under the conductorship of Donald Heins, Assistant Director of the TSO. His other compositions included An Atlantean Episode (tone poem for orchestra), Niagra (orchestra), Rhapsodie Canadienne (orchestra), Ukrainian Melodies (orchestra), Quintet in F major (wind instruments), Quartet in D major (string quartet) and Alouette (string quartet).
Two of his compositions have been performed by the Toronto Symphony Orchestra. Rhapsodie Canadienne was performed in Massey Hall, Toronto on Tuesday evening, February 12 at 5.15pm, 1929 (Seventh Twilight Concert) in the Seventh Season 1928/29. Ukrainian Melodies was performed in Massey Hall, Toronto on Tuesday evening, February 15 at 5.15pm. 1927 (Fifth Season,1926/27) by the New Symphony Orchestra (pre-TSO).
Manson died in Toronto on 14 February 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="20275371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275371" title="Zala, Železniki">
Zala, Železniki

Zala is a settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It no longer has any permanent residents.

</doc>
<doc id="20275393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275393" title="Jeff Frederick">
Jeff Frederick

Jeffrey M. Frederick (born September 23, 1975) is an American politician. He served as a Republican member of the Virginia House of Delegates 2004–2010. Frederick was also chairman of the Republican Party of Virginia and a member of the Republican National Committee from May 2008 to April 2009.
Personal.
Born to an American father and Colombian mother, Frederick spent his early childhood in Northern Virginia before moving to Florida after his stepfather's retirement from the U.S. Navy. He graduated from Lakewood High School in St. Petersburg following his junior year, having been admitted to Emory University in Atlanta after three years of high school. He received degrees from Oxford (1995) and Emory (1997) colleges in Economics and Political Science. In 2001, he married Amy Elizabeth Noone and they have two daughters and a son. Frederick's personal interests include sailing and cycling.
Political career.
House of Delegates.
Frederick was elected to the Virginia House of Delegates in November 2003 after defeating John A. "Jack" Rollison III, an 17-year incumbent Republican state legislator from Northern Virginia, in the June Republican primary with 58% of the vote. In the general election, he took the position that there was plenty of money in Richmond if adequately prioritized for transportation and pledged to cut waste from the state government, opposing tax increases for transportation improvements, such as funding for adding lanes to Interstate 95 or additional cars for the Virginia Railway Express, both of which were eventually achieved without an increase in transportation taxes.
Frederick is the first known Hispanic to be elected to any position in Virginia state government. First elected at age 28, he was also the (then) youngest member of the legislature at that time.
He represented Eastern Prince William County in the Virginia House of Delegates.
After his first year in the legislature, where he was the only freshmen in his House class to oppose Governor Mark Warner's historic increase in state taxes, Warner made Frederick a top target for defeat by state Democrats, tapping another long time Prince William politician in Hilda Barg, an 18 year Democratic member of the Prince William Board of Supervisors, who challenged Frederick.
Frederick was chosen to deliver the House Republican response to Governor Tim Kaine's State of the Commonwealth Address in January 2007.
In 2007, Frederick won re-election to a third term, with 59% of the vote in a strongly Democrat-leaning district. In this race Frederick received the endorsement of locally elected Democrats and unlikey organizations like the Virginia League of Conservation Voters.
Frederick has served on several boards and commissions, among them the Northern Virginia Transportation Authority, and the Virginia Small Business Commission, where he was Chairman.
On February 13, 2009, Frederick announced that he would not run for another House term, keeping a promise he had previously made to not run if he became state party chairman, a job he won in May 2008. Frederick encouraged his wife Amy to run to replace him. Amy Frederick issued a statement on April 28 that she would not be a candidate.
Legislative History.
In the legislature, Frederick had a conservative voting record yet worked frequently with Democrats. He had a number of significant legislative accomplishments, including major land-use reforms such as requiring traffic impact studies (Gov. Tim Kaine's signature transportation accomplishment) and providing local governments limited impact fee authority. He also sponsored Virginia's back-to-school sales tax holiday and co-sponsored legislation to eliminate the state sales tax on groceries. His legislation began Community College Transfer Grants to make a 4-year college education more affordable for low income students. As Vice-Chairman of the Virginia Small Business Commission, he sponsored legislation to create small business health insurance pooling, and in 2009 as Chairman of the Commission, carried a bill to make no-mandate health insurance available so more small businesses could afford health care for their employees. Early in his tenure, he successfully lobbied for significant increases in transportation funding for his district. Frederick has also passed a number of bills related to military personnel, including providing in-state tuition to active-duty military dependents and extending all tax and government deadlines to deployed personnel. He has said that his proudest achievement is the passage of his bill to expand the number of metabolic tests given to newborn children, which has saved a number of lives.
Legislative Scores.
Frederick has a record that includes both honors and awards and criticism from organizations that rate the performance of legislators.
Republican Party of Virginia.
In 2008, Frederick ran for Chairman of the Republican Party of Virginia (RPV) against the will of the state's Republican establishment. Frederick challenged former Lt. Governor John H. Hager, the incumbent chairman and father of Henry Hager, son-in-law to President George W. Bush. He won the Chairmanship in a May 31, 2008 state convention, capturing a rumored 60% of the vote, with the actual figure being unknown due to Hager appearing on the convention stage and requesting Frederick be elected by acclamation. The following year, he was removed from the position by the party's central governing body, after a series of disputed allegations characterized as "a thin case that one can only suspect there were other motives behind Frederick’s demise." It was proposed that Frederick's election and later removal represented a conflict within the party between insiders and outsiders (or grassroots versus establishment). After his removal, Frederick considered seeking the chairman job again at the party's 2009 convention, but later declined.
The Federal Election Commission fined the Republican Party of Virginia and the company owned by Jeff Frederick for problems that arose when his company, Gen-X Strategies, made an in-kind contribution in a federal election year but intended for state political activities.
Senate election.
On August 23, 2011, Frederick defeated Tito Muñoz in the Republican primary to challenge Senator Linda T. "Toddy" Puller for a seat in the Senate of Virginia. Frederick was defeated in the general election on November 8, 2011. He received 45% of the votes, winning in Prince William County (51%) and Stafford County (56%), and losing in Puller's home county of Fairfax (34%).

</doc>
<doc id="20275416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275416" title="Joint Monitoring Programme for Water Supply and Sanitation">
Joint Monitoring Programme for Water Supply and Sanitation

Update: In May 2013, the JMP released its latest estimates on the use of various types of drinking-water sources and sanitation facilities at the national, regional and global levels. 
Overview
The WHO/UNICEF Joint Monitoring Programme (JMP) for Water Supply and Sanitation is the official United Nations mechanism tasked with monitoring progress towards the Millennium Development Goal (MDG) relating to drinking-water and sanitation (MDG 7, Target 7c), which is to: "Halve, by 2015, the proportion of people without sustainable access to safe drinking-water and basic sanitation". 
The JMP is required to use the following MDG indicators for monitoring:
• Proportion of population using an improved drinking-water source;
• Proportion of population using an improved sanitation facility.
An improved water source is defined by the JMP as one that, by nature of its construction or through active intervention, is likely to be protected from outside contamination, in particular from contamination with fecal matter. An improved sanitation facility is defined as one that is likely to hygienically separate human excreta from human contact. 
As well as reporting on the national, regional and global use of difference types of drinking water sources and sanitation facilities, the JMP actively supports countries in their efforts to monitor this sector and develop evidence based planning and management, plays a normative role in indicator formation and advocates on behalf of populations without improved water or sanitation. 
The JMP is housed within the World Health Organization and UNICEF, and supported by a Strategic Advisory Group of independent technical and policy experts as well as various Technical Task Forces convened around important specific topics. 
JMP activities.
The JMP’s 4 priority areas of activity for 2010-2015 are:
1. maintaining the integrity of the JMP database and ensuring accurate global estimates;
2. disseminating data to stakeholders;
3. fulfilling the JMP’s normative role in developing and validating target indicators;
4. enhancing interaction between countries and JMP.
In May 2013, the JMP released its latest estimates on the use of various types of drinking-water sources and sanitation facilities at the national, regional and global levels. 
The JMP makes its data and information available through a variety of channels and formats, including workshops in countries, its major biennial reports and website (www.wssinfo.org), the UNICEF statistical website (www.childinfo.org), and through Google Public Data. The data are also used by the World Bank and the World Health Organization's Statistical Information System (WHOSIS). 
The JMP collaborates with other international and national organizations to strengthen global and domestic monitoring. The Programme also plays an advocacy role, highlighting the right to improved drinking water and sanitation for populations missing out and helping to target interventions. 
In preparation for the post-2015 period, the JMP has initiated four working groups which are developing potential future targets and indicators for water, sanitation, hygiene and equity/non-discrimination).
Vision and mission.
The JMP vision is to accelerate progress towards universal and sustainable access for underserved populations in the developing world to safe water and basic sanitation, including the achievement of the MDG targets by 2015.
The JMP’s mission is to be the trusted source of global, regional and national data on sustainable access to safe drinking-water and basic sanitation, for use by governments, donors, international organizations and civil society. 
Estimation method.
The JMP does not collect primary data itself. Instead, to the extent possible, it exclusively uses data from primary sources such as censuses and national household surveys that are conducted by national statistical authorities every few years. These surveys include the UNICEF-supported Multiple Indicator Cluster Surveys (MICS) and the USAID funded Demographic and Health Surveys (DHS). One of the challenges faced by the JMP is that the definitions for an improved water source and improved sanitation are not consistent across countries. Another challenge is that censuses and surveys are only conducted every few years. The JMP thus uses linear regression to estimate data for a given year in a particular country even if no survey or census was carried out in that year, in order to be able to compare data across countries for the given year. 
Reasons for discrepancies between national and international (JMP) coverage estimates.
The indicators used by the JMP are controversial because they cannot always match cultural and local perceptions of what works or not, and can differ from national estimates. Discrepancies between national and international (JMP) coverage estimates are generally due to one or more of the following:
1) Use of different definitions of access including poorly defined access categories
2) Exclusion of users of shared sanitation facilities of an otherwise improved type, from those considered to have improved sanitation
3) Use of latest survey or census findings vs. use of an interpolated estimates based on linear regression
4) Use of different population estimates, including a different distribution of urban and rural populations
5) Use of “old” estimates which do not reflect the latest or all findings from new sample surveys or a new census
6) Use of “reported” line ministry data vs. use of independently verifiable data from sample surveys or censuses
Challenges.
Complete information about drinking water safety, and the reliability and sustainability of drinking water and sanitation facilities is not available globally, and so these dimensions are not included in the current indicator definitions. Systematically testing the microbial and chemical quality of water at the national level in all countries is prohibitively expensive and logistically complicated. However, the JMP is working to include these challenging dimensions to the extent possible in future indicators. Between 2002 and 2008, the Rapid Assessment of Drinking-Water Quality (RADWQ) project was designed and the quality of drinking-water from improved sources was evaluated in a number of pilot countries. In 2011 the JMP focused its thematic report on equity, safety and sustainability. In 2012 the JMP has been supporting the piloting of water quality testing alongside household surveys.
Continued efforts are also needed to reduce urban-rural disparities and inequities associated with poverty; to dramatically increase coverage in countries in sub-Saharan Africa and Oceania; to bring sanitation progress on track; and to look beyond the MDG target towards universal coverage.

</doc>
<doc id="20275472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275472" title="Pashalik of Berat">
Pashalik of Berat

The Pashalik of Berat was a pashalik created in modern-day central Albania by Ahmet Kurt Pasha in 1774 and dissolved after Ahmet's ally, Ibrahim Pasha of Berat was defeated by Ali Pasha in 1809, thus incorporating the pashalik, with the Pashalik of Janina. This pashalik was one of the three pashaliks created by Albanians in the period of Albanian Pashaliks.
Creation and rule of Ahmet Pasha.
The Pashalik of Berat was created after Ahmet Kurt Pasha managed to complot with the Sublime Porte against Mehmed Pasha Bushati in 1774. For his service, the sultan gave him territories in central Albania. He managed to grow his pashalik until his death in 1787, incorporating territories of all central Albania, bordering to the north with the Pashalik of Scutari and to the south with the Pashalik of Janina.
Ahmet Kurt Pasha was the grandfather of Ali Pasha, and father of Ali's mother, Hanka.
Conquest by Ali Pasha.
After the death of Ahmet Kurt Pasha, the territory of the pashalik was ruled by a close ally of him, Ibrahim Pasha of Berat.
As this territory belonged to the Middle Albania, Ibrahim Pasha was roused at this encroachment. This made, Ali Pasha to start a war with the Pashalik of Berat. After some fruitless negotiation, Ibrahim Pasha sent a body of troops under the command of his brother Sephir, bey of Avlona. Against these, Ali summoned the armatoles of Thessaly; and after villages had been burnt, peasants robbed and hanged, and flocks carried oif on both sides, peace was made. Ibrahim gave his daughter in marriage to Mookhtar, the eldest son of Ali, and the disputed territory as her dower. As Sephir bey had displayed qualities which might prove formidable hereafter, Ali contrived to have him poisoned by a physician ; and, after his usual fasliion, he hanged the agent of the crime, that no witness might remain of it. Ali Pasha has said that he should prevail over the pasha of Berat, become vizir of Epirus, fight with the Sultan, and go to Constantinople. In 1808, Ali Pasha defeated Ibrahim Pasha, incorporating its territory in the Pashalik of Janina.
Economy.
Whether Mahometan or Christian the Albanians of that tract are equally independent and unruly. They pay neither capitation nor any other tax; nominally they acknowledge the authority of the Pasha of Berat; and by their bravery and their poverty they have hitherto escaped subjection to Ali of Janina.
The local population and the tradesmen neither pay the kharatj nor any other tax, except a contribution of thirty paras a head per annum to Ibrahim Pasha of Berat, for the liberty of trading to his ports. The right of pasturage on the lands of the town of Himara, that of gathering velanidhi on the mountains, and that of fishing in the northern bay of Palermo are enjoyed in common by all the inhabitants. Maize is grown in the plain adjacent to the northern beach, where the two torrents, which embrace the town, overflow in the winter, and prepare the land for receiving that grain.

</doc>
<doc id="20275507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275507" title="Karin Wolfe">
Karin Wolfe

Karin Wolfe (born April 6, 1944 in Dallas, Texas) is an American actress. She is probably best known for her role of Mary Anderson on the soap opera "Days of our Lives".

</doc>
<doc id="20275524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275524" title="Hans Berglund">
Hans Berglund

Hans Berglund (February 24, 1918 – September 17, 2006) was a Swedish sprint canoer who competed from the late 1930s to the late 1940s. He won the gold in the K-2 1000 m event at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.
Berglund also won two medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-4 1000 m: 1948) and a silver (K-2 1000 m: 1938). Note that the K-4 1000 m event was not part of the Summer Olympics until the 1964 games in Tokyo. It was considered an extraordinary event and was part of the International Canoe Federation's 1948 world championships rather than the 1948 Games.
Berglund's son, Bo, competed in the K-2 1000 m event at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="20275525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275525" title="Douglas B. Leeds">
Douglas B. Leeds

Douglas B. "Doug" Leeds (March 15, 1947 – May 9, 2011) was an advertising/media executive who was the founder and Chairman/CEO of Storeboard Media LLC. Leeds was also known for producing two Broadway shows and serving as President of The American Theatre Wing, which founded, manages and presents The Tony Awards annually on CBS Television.
Leeds was a 1965 graduate of Worcester Academy and matriculated to Babson College. He served as a trustee for both.
Advertising & media career (1976–2011).
In 2006 Doug Leeds founded Storeboard Media, an indoor billboard company which holds the exclusive right to place advertising on security pedestals at the front entrance of over 19,000 retail chain stores (CVS, Walgreens, Duane Reade, etc.) throughout the United States. The company's media reach is over one billion consumer impressions per month. Among its current advertising clients are: P&G, Colgate, Unilever, Beiersdorf, L'Oréal, Johnson & Johnson, Coca-Cola and Alberto Culver.
Before founding StoreBoard Media LLC, Leeds was President and CEO of the award-winning point-of-purchase advertising firm, Thomson-Leeds Company, Inc. and worked with clients including American Express, Sony, Philip Morris, Ford and Microsoft. In 1967 the company was acquired by Ogilvy & Mather which subsequently was purchased by WPP Group. Leeds who continued as company President/CEO led a group in 1993 to successfully purchase Thomson-Leeds Company back from WPP. The company went on to win more awards (POPAI) for designing and producing outstanding merchandising programs than any company in the world. In September 2000 Leeds sold the company to Array Market Group and continued as Chairman of the Thomson-Leeds division until 2003, when he left to create The Tori Group, Inc. In 2005 The Tori Group, along with The Jeffrey Development Group Ltd., purchased Impact Media and created StoreBoard Media LLC.
In developing numerous innovative merchandising concepts, Leeds was granted patents from the US Patent Office ranging from a retractable pen for American Express to a suction cup window display holder for Hunter Douglas Inc.
Doug Leeds was active in the industry trade association, POPAI (Point of Purchase Advertising International), serving as Vice Chair of its Board of Directors and Chair of numerous committees, including its Annual Conference and Marketplace Show at Jacob Javits Convention Center. In 2002 Doug Leeds was the youngest member ever elected to the POPAI Hall of Fame. A frequent speaker at industry conferences, Leeds has published numerous articles in trade journals such as BrandWeek and Potentials In Marketing. He also authored chapters in the best-selling college textbooks on sales promotion and merchandising: "The Sales Promotion Handbook", published by Darnell and contributed to McGraw-Hill's "The Customer Is Always Right!" As a merchandising expert, Leeds was featured in "The Wall Street Journal", "The New York Times" and was a guest on CNBC's "Money Watch" and CNN's "Power Lunch". Leeds also served on the corporate boards of University Home Services Inc, Auto Data Systems and C-360, Inc.
The American Theatre Wing and other not-for-profit activities.
Doug Leeds was an active board member of multiple not-for-profit educational, cultural and health organizations. He was known for his visible roll as President of The American Theatre Wing, which is the founder of The Tony Awards for excellence on Broadway. Leeds joined The American Theatre Wing in 1990, was elected Secretary/Treasurer in 1991 and Vice-Chairman in 2003. In his time with The American Theatre Wing Leeds chaired multiple committees including, Benefit, Finance, Grants, By-Laws and Strategic Planning. From 2004 to 2008 he served as President. From 2003 to 2008 he co-hosted "Working In The Theatre", which is telecast on CUNY TV weekly in select markets. He also represented the organization as a member of the Tony Management Committee and the Tony Administration Committee.
In 1983, with Chappy Morris and Christine Biddle, Leeds founded and Chaired (1983–1999) The Lobby Gallery Associates at The Whitney Museum of American Art, which became one of the leading young professional groups supporting a museum in the United States. The group has since been renamed The Whitney Contemporaries. In 1992 Leeds was elected Trustee of the museum and Chair of its Membership Committee.
Leeds also served as a trustee of Guild Hall of East Hampton, The Checkerboard Foundation and The Frick Council of The Frick Museum. In addition, he was a board member of Ronald McDonald House Associates and a member of The International Advisory Board of the Children's Radio Foundation and The Dream Team at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, which fulfills wishes of Sloan-Kettering patients and their families. Leeds was a graduate and trustee of Worcester Academy and Babson College, where he received his BS degree in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="20275529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275529" title="Ahmet Kurt Pasha">
Ahmet Kurt Pasha

Ahmet Kurt Pasha was the founder and the first ruler of the Pashalik of Berat. He descended from the house of Muzakaj, which had founded in the medieval ages the Muzakaj Principality of Berat.
Creation of the Pashalik.
Ahmet Kurt Pasha managed to conspire with the Sublime Porte against Mehmed Pasha Bushati in 1774, thus creating the Pashalik of Berat. For his service, the Sultan gave him territories in central Albania. He then managed to extend his pashalik until his death in 1787, incorporating territories of all central Albania, bordering to the north with the Pashalik of Scutari and to the south with the Pashalik of Yanina.
Ahmet Kurt Pasha was the grandfather of Ali Pasha, being the father of Ali's mother, Hanka.

</doc>
<doc id="20275533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275533" title="Uncial 0207">
Uncial 0207

Uncial 0207 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 4th-century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Book of Revelation 9:2-15, on one parchment leaf (19 cm by 15 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 29 lines per page, in a small uncial letters.
The leaf is paginated (no 478).
The text-type of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type with numerous alien readings. Aland placed it in Category III. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 4th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Ernst von Dobschütz in 1933.
The manuscript was found in Egypt. Mario Naldini published its facsimile. It was digitized by the CSNTM in 2011.
The codex currently is housed at the Laurentian Library (PSI 1166) in Florence.

</doc>
<doc id="20275547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275547" title="Oleg Volkov">
Oleg Volkov

Oleg Volkov is a Russian pianist, b. 1958.
He was second to Marc Raubenheimer at the 1982 Paloma O'Shea Competition and subsequently served as Victor Merzhanov's assistant professor at the Moscow Conservatory. In 1990 he settled in the United States and began a concert career.

</doc>
<doc id="20275558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275558" title="Lennart Klingström">
Lennart Klingström

Lennart Klingström (18 April 1916 – 5 July 1994) was a Swedish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1940s and early 1950s. He won the gold in the K-2 1000 m event at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.
Klingström also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with three golds (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1948, 1950; K-4 1000 m: 1948) and a silver (K-1 500 m: 1950).

</doc>
<doc id="20275588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275588" title="Wladimir Rodrigues dos Santos">
Wladimir Rodrigues dos Santos

Wladimir Rodrigues dos Santos (born 29 August 1954 in São Paulo) was a former football (soccer) player in the left back role.
As a player, Wladimir had a long and distinguished career, best remembered for his time at Corinthians, becoming one of the most highly regarded defenders this team has ever produced.
He won four São Paulo State Championships (in 1977, 1979, 1982 and 1983) and is the most capped player in Corinthians history with 803 matches played.
In 1998 Federação Paulista de Futebol named him in the Paulista League all time best XI, alongside players like Rivelino, Ademir da Guia, Pelé, Djalma Santos and others.[http://noticias.uol.com.br/pelenet/quemequem/show.jhtm?id=481]
He was also named, by Placar Magazine, as the best left back in Corinthians history.[http://placar.abril.com.br/timedossonhos/poster/cor_1024.jpg]

</doc>
<doc id="20275590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275590" title="Ibrahim Pasha of Berat">
Ibrahim Pasha of Berat

Ibrahim Pasha of Berat was the second and last ruler of the Pashalik of Berat, in office from 1787 to 1809.
Ruler.
After the death of Ahmet Kurt Pasha, the territory of the pashalik was ruled by a close ally of him, Ibrahim Pasha of Berat. As this territory belonged to the Middle Albania, Ibrahim Pasha was roused at this encroachment. This made, Ali Pasha to start a war with the Pashalik of Berat.
Rivalry with Ali Pasha.
After some fruitless negotiation, Ibrahim Pasha sent a body of troops under the command of his brother Sephir, bey of Avlona. Against these, Ali summoned the armatoles of Thessaly; and after villages had been burnt, peasants robbed and hanged, and flocks carried oif on both sides, peace was made. Ibrahim gave his daughter in marriage to Mookhtar, the eldest son of Ali, and the disputed territory as her dower. As Sephir bey had displayed qualities which might prove formidable hereafter, Ali contrived to have him poisoned by a physician ; and, after his usual fasliion, he hanged the agent of the crime, that no witness might remain of it.
In 1808, Ali Pasha defeated Ibrahim Pasha, incorporating its territory in the Pashalik of Janina.
Economy.
The local population and the tradesmen neither pay the kharatj nor any other tax, except a contribution of thirty paras a head per annum to Ibrahim Pasha of Berat, for the liberty of trading to his ports. The right of pasturage on the lands of the town of Khimara, that of gathering velanidhi on the mountains, and that of fishing in the northern bay of Palerimo are enjoyed in common by all the inhabitants. Maize is grown in the plain adjacent to the northern beach, where the two torrents, which embrace the town, overflow in the winter, and prepare the land for receiving that grain.

</doc>
<doc id="20275600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275600" title="Aqua America">
Aqua America

Aqua America is a utility company servicing over 2.8 million residential customers in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Illinois, Texas, New Jersey, Indiana, Virginia, Florida, and North Carolina.
Acquisitions.
Though the company began in Pennsylvania and remains headquartered in Bryn Mawr, over the past five years the company has purchased smaller private utilities across the 12 states, gradually extending southward. Such acquisition comprises the bulk of Aqua America's stated business model. Acquisitions of large private companies included the purchases of AquaSource in 2003, Heater and Florida Water Services in 2004, and the New York Water Service Corporation in 2007.
The company's largest subsidiary is Aqua Pennsylvania, which has been a part of Aqua America since 1996 and accounts for slightly more than half of 2007 operating revenue and provides water services to 50% of the company's total customer base. Aqua Pennsylvania operates in the greater urban and suburban Philadelphia area.

</doc>
<doc id="20275608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275608" title="Ejvind Hansen">
Ejvind Hansen

Ejvind Hansen (July 28, 1924 – December 19, 1996) was a Danish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1940s and the early 1950s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a silver in the K-2 1000 m event at London in 1948.
Hansen also won three medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver (K-1 4 x 500 m: 1950) and two bronzes (K-1 4 x 500 m and K-2 500 m: both 1948).

</doc>
<doc id="20275616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275616" title="Renee Grant-Williams">
Renee Grant-Williams

Renee Grant-Williams is a vocal coach living in Nashville, TN. She is also an active classical singer, conductor, communication skills expert, and published author. Grant-Williams is considered one of the most effective voice coaches in the business and has been a consultant to nearly every major record label. Her client roster includes Faith Hill, Tim McGraw, Miley Cyrus (Hannah Montana), Christina Aguilera, Kenny Chesney, Bob Weir (Grateful Dead), Martina McBride, Keith Urban, Dixie Chicks, Carrie Underwood, Linda Ronstadt, and more.
Biography.
A full scholarship brought her a Bachelor of Music degree from the San Francisco Conservatory of Music. Additional studies include work at Carnegie-Mellon University (Pittsburgh, PA), the Music Academy of the West (Santa Barbara, CA), the American Institute of Musical Studies (Graz, Austria), and the conducting and opera divisions of the Banff School of Fine Arts (Alberta, Canada). 
Grant-Williams has held a variety of positions, including Director of the Division of Vocal Music at the University of California Berkley, Music Director at the Actors Studio of New York City, adjunct voice faculty at the San Francisco Conservatory of Music, Artist-in-Residence with the San Mateo Chamber Music Society in California, co-founder of the new music ensemble KOTEKAN, and national sales director for the New York music production company David Horwitz Music.
Grant-Williams founded and conducted the San Francisco Community Chorus, as well as the recently formed Music City Community Chorus in Nashville, and directs the Excelsior Chamber Orchestra.
She draws upon a diverse musical background. She has been featured in several recordings, including a recording of Brahms Duets for 1750 Arch Records, KOTEKAN Percussion ensemble recordings for Reference Recordings, and a featured solo in the movie The Good Old Boys starring Stacy Spacek and Tommy Lee Jones. Although trained in opera, she sang lead for the Timms Brothers, a country band. She was cast as the lead in an Off-Broadway show produced by Dream Girls’ creator, Tom Eyen, and was musical director and lyricist for a production at the Actors Studio. She was also the lyricist and music director for the original musical play Hillbilly Women based on the eponymous book by Kathy Kahn, and directed by Arthur Penn (Bonnie and Clyde, Little Big Man).
Grant-Williams’ book Voice Power: Using Your Voice to Captivate, Persuade, and Command Attention has been published by AMACOM Books NY and endorsed by Paul Harvey, legendary ABC News radio commentator, as well as US Senator Fred Thompson. This book has been described as the “Dress For Success” equivalent for the speaking voice.
Voice Power was chosen by SoundView Executive Book Summaries as one of the best books of the year, as well as one of the top books of the decade.
A professional speaker herself, Grant-Williams provides coaching to business leaders, attorneys, public speakers, and politicians. A 10 year member of the National Speakers Association, she also presents communication skill training programs to associations and business organizations throughout the United States.
In addition to her communication skills book, Grant-Williams offers products that include a three-part DVD Vocal Master Class, a warm-up CD for singers, and a speech training CD Speaking with Emphasis and Conviction. She was also asked to create and teach a course for public speakers for Barnes & Noble’s now defunct Online University.
She has been quoted or appeared in "Business Week", "New York Times", "The Tennessean", "Boston Globe", "Chicago Tribune", "San Francisco Chronicle", "New York Post", Associated Press, UPI, "TV Guide", "US Weekly", "Cosmopolitan", "Elle", "Southern Living", Singer Universe, "Country Weekly", "Pro Sound News", American Songwriter, MusicRow Magazine', and "Mix Magazine". She has been seen on many broadcast outlets including ABC, CBS, NBC, Fox, Bravo, USA, MTV, CMT, GAC, BBC, PBS, and NPR.
Grant-Williams’ skills were used in a recent Country Music Association, Closeup Magazine article, where she explained, “Emergency repairs are often what bring singers to me. But the goal is to keep accidents…from happening.” 

</doc>
<doc id="20275624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275624" title="Bobby Orrock">
Bobby Orrock

Robert Dickson "Bobby" Orrock, Sr. (born November 13, 1955) is an American politician. Since 1990 he has been a member of the Virginia House of Delegates, representing the 54th district in the east central part of the state, including parts of Caroline and Spotsylvania Counties. He is a member of the Republican Party.
Orrock has been a member of the House committee on Health, Welfare and Institutions since he first became a delegate; he has chaired that committee since 2010. He also has served on the committees on Agriculture (1990–1993 and 1995–2001, co-chair 2000–2001), Agriculture, Chesapeake and Natural Resources (2002–),Chesapeake and Its Tributaries (1990–1994), Counties, Cities and Towns (1994–2009), Finance (1998–), Mining and Mineral Resources (2000–2001), and Rules (2012–).
Early life, education, career.
Orrock was born in Fredericksburg, Virginia. He attended Ladysmith High School in Caroline County, graduating in 1974. After two years at Germanna Community College, he transferred to Virginia Tech, receiving a B.S. degree in agriculture education in 1978. He received an M.Ed. degree in the same subject from Virginia State University in 1988.
Orrock is a teacher at Spotsylvania High School.

</doc>
<doc id="20275639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275639" title="Bernhard Jensen">
Bernhard Jensen

Jakob Bernhard Christian Jensen (February 16, 1912 – June 17, 1997) was a Danish flatwater canoer who competed in the late 1940s. He won a silver in the K-2 1000 m event at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.
Jensen also won two bronze medals at the 1948 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in London, earning them in the K-1 4 x 500 m and the K-2 500 m events.

</doc>
<doc id="20275647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275647" title="Seacoast Career Schools">
Seacoast Career Schools

Seacoast Career School is a technical school career college with locations in Sanford, Maine and Manchester, New Hampshire that was founded in 1995, as Seacoast Works Business School. Originally the school focused on practical business skills preparing students for entry-level positions in business offices. Since Premier Education Group acquired the school in 2001, the name and focus of the school has changed. Now called Seacoast Career School, the focus of the educational experience is based upon hands-on application in the medical field. 
Accreditation.
Seacoast is accredited by the following accrediting bodies:

</doc>
<doc id="20275668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275668" title="Roy Assaf">
Roy Assaf

Roy Assaf is a New York based jazz pianist and composer. Born in Beer Sheba, he studied at Tel Aviv Conservatory, Berklee College of Music and Manhattan School of Music, from which he received an MA in May, 2008. In 2008, he was one of 21 individuals to receive an American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP) Young Jazz Composer award for age group 18-29. Assaf has also won the 31st Down Beat Student Award for Outstanding Performance, 2nd place in the Charlie Palmieri Memorial Piano Competition, Eubie Blake National Jazz Institute Award, America Israel Cultural Foundation Prize for Young Israeli Musicians and the 30th Down Beat Student Award for Best Jazz Arrangement.
References.
in Beer Sheba

</doc>
<doc id="20275677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275677" title="QuantumDigital">
QuantumDigital

QuantumDigital, Inc., is a company based in Austin, Texas. It was originally founded in 1986 as Quantum Systems. QuantumDigital was one of the first companies in the U.S. to launch an electronic ordering system, called Q-Direct, for the direct mail industry. The Q-Direct client software was distributed on physical CD-ROM media. Orders were placed via modem connection from the customer's computer to the company's server.
The company was founded by Jim Damman. Initially, Damman used a dot matrix printer and sheets of offset-printed card stock to meet the direct mail needs of real estate professionals, having held a career in real estate himself for several years. Steve Damman, Jim Damman's son and current President/CEO, joined the company in 1992. The dot matrix printer was subsequently replaced by laser printers. In addition to its flagship product—a "Jumbo" postcard—the company offered a specialized business-reply mailer format to a few of its customers, including its highest-volume customer at the time, Weichert Realtors.
The company's Jumbo postcard, or "Quantumcard" as it came to be known, featured a real estate agent's photo, company logo, contact information and a brief message on the address side of the card. Quantumcards could be mailed to almost any residential address in the United States, either from a customer-provided mailing list or a list generated by the company, which could then be further refined to mail to a single street, a neighborhood area or an entire zip code as specified by the customer.
Timeline and overview.
In late 1997, the company acquired their first color printer—the Xerox Docucolor 40. This enabled the company to offer color personalization on the address side of the card.
In 1999, the company changed its name to QuantumMail.com and launched a new web site which featured an improved online ordering system. Support for Q-Direct continued until nearly all of QuantumMail.com's customers had switched over to the online ordering system. Q-Direct was officially shut down in late 1999. By this time, the company had expanded its product line to include panoramic postcards and mailed flyers. In addition to its direct mail products and services, the company started a print and ship division called QuantumCopy.com (later re-branded as QuantumPrint). Initial product offerings included flyers, bookmarks and brochures.
In late 2002, the company launched an online design utility which gave customers the ability to customize both sides of their postcards and other marketing pieces.
In May 2003, the company introduced two new services, “My Quantumcard” and “My Library”, which allowed customers to create, save and edit their marketing pieces.
In October 2004, QuantumMail.com received a printing milestone award from Xerox corporation for having printed more than four million pieces in a single month with a pair of Xerox iGen3 printers.
In early 2006, the company changed its name to QuantumDirect to reflect that the company was more than just a provider of direct mail services. The purpose for this was twofold; First, it served as a name under which the company could better seek out enterprise-level business opportunities and, second, it created an entity under which both the direct mail and print & ship divisions would operate. By this time in its history, QuantumDigital was experiencing rapid growth, printing approximately 6 million direct-mail pieces every month for independent real estate companies and franchise organizations, small businesses and enterprise-level corporations.
In December 2007, QuantumDirect announced a new brand and company name, QuantumDigital, to better describe the innovations in the digital direct marketing world. This strategy also included combining all three of the company's former brands into one.
In 2008, QuantumDigital launched a completely redesigned web site and announced the addition of e-mail marketing to their list of services. 2008 also marked the launch of MapMail, an online tool which allows customers to specify a geographic area using Google Maps technology to send mailings to postal recipients within the specified area. In May 2008, QuantumDigital donated print services and was a premier sponsor of "Uncorked"—an annual fundraiser organized by Mobile Loaves & Fishes, a non-profit organization which provides assistance to the homeless and working poor. On November 24, 2008, QuantumDigital launched its official blog "The Direct Marketing Voice."
In 2010, QuantumDigital launched "TriggerMarketing" – an automated, trigger-based lead generation program which sends an alert to a user's mobile device every time a completed job or new listing appears in the client's database, prompting them to initiate a marketing mailing to the surrounding area or neighborhood. The mail pieces feature direct response mechanisms such as a personalized URL, QR code, and texting to a short code number. The system tracks each response and sends an alert back to the user along with contact information for the new lead. The system also provides report generation functionality to assist users in evaluating the effectiveness of their direct marketing campaigns.
Also in 2010, QuantumDigital added two Xerox iGen4 EXP presses and anticipates production will reach between one and two million impressions per month on each system.
QuantumDigital (then QuantumDirect) was honored as one of the "Fastest Growing Companies in North America" in Deloitte's "Technology Fast 500" list for 2006, and was listed as "One of Texas' Fastest Growing Technology Companies" in Deloitte's "Texas Technology Fast 50 Program" in 2006 and 2008. The company made the Inc. 500 lists for 2005 and 2006, and was also honored as one of the "Fastest Growing Private Companies in America" in Inc Magazine's "Inc. 5000" in 2008. QuantumDigital has also received accreditation from the Better Business Bureau (BBB) under the classification of Mailing Services. In March 2009, QuantumDigital was awarded a Silver Marketing Excellence Award for Sales Support/Lead Generation and a Bronze Marketing Excellence Award for Digital Marketing by NAPL, the National Association for Printing Leaders. In the fall of 2009, QuantumDigital achieved the G7 Master Printer designation from IDEAlliance for their commitment to consistent and accurate results in their digital print workflow.

</doc>
<doc id="20275688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275688" title="Craig Sechler">
Craig Sechler

Craig Sechler (born September 8, 1951) is an American film and voice actor, based in Washington D.C.
Early life.
Sechler was born on September 8, 1951 and grew up in the U.S. state of New Jersey.
Personal life.
Sechler is married to Julie Waterman.

</doc>
<doc id="20275690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275690" title="Thor Axelsson">
Thor Axelsson

Ture Wilhelm "Thor" Axelsson (born July 3, 1921) was a Finnish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1940s. He won two bronze medals at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, earning them in the K-2 1000 m and K-2 10000 m events. He was born in Helsinki.
Axelsson also won a gold medal in the K-2 500 m event at the 1948 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in London.
Note that the K-2 500 m event did not become an official event at the Summer Olympics until the 1976 Games in Montreal. The event has been on the Olympic program since then.

</doc>
<doc id="20275701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275701" title="Damon Minor">
Damon Minor

Damon Reed Minor (born January 5, 1974, in Canton, Ohio) is a former Major League Baseball first baseman for the San Francisco Giants. He also played one year in Japan for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles in . He is the hitting coach for Triple A New Orleans Zephyrs (Class AAA PCL for Florida Marlins)
Given the nickname "Tiny" by Barry Bonds because of his large frame, 6' 7" 230 lbs, Minor is currently a co-owner of Minor-Foral Baseball Academy, where he gives hitting lessons and coaches prep summer showcase teams.
College career.
Minor played four years of baseball at the University of Oklahoma from to as the designated hitter and was a three-year starter. He helped his team win the National Championship and made it back to the College World Series in . His best season came in 1996, when he batted .348 with 14 home runs and 62 RBI and was named an All-American Honorable Mention.
Minor leagues.
Minor was drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the 12th round of the 1996 Major League Baseball Draft. He started his minor league career in 1996 with the Low-A Bellingham Giants. He had one of his best years in with the High-A Bakersfield Blaze; he hit .289 with 31 home runs and 99 RBI. Minor split between High-A San Jose and Double-A Shreveport. In , again with Shreveport, he hit 20 home runs and had 82 RBI.
Major leagues.
Minor made his major league debut on September 2, , for the San Francisco Giants, and appeared in 10 games that year. In , he played 19 games in the majors and spent most of the season with Triple-A Fresno. In , he spent nearly the entire year in the majors. In 83 games, Minor hit .237 with 10 home runs and 24 RBIs. He spent all of 2003 in the minors with the Giants' and Phillies' organizations. After re-signing with the Giants in the offseason, Minor appeared in 24 games for the Giants in . and became a free agent after the season.
Japan.
In , Minor signed with the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles of Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball, but was limited to 6 games because of injuries.
Post-playing career.
In , Minor became a volunteer coach for his alma mater, the University of Oklahoma to help with their hitting. He currently resides in Edmond, Oklahoma. He co-owns a baseball academy and coaches a prep team.
Personal life.
Minor's twin brother, Ryan, was also a Major League Baseball player for the Baltimore Orioles and Montreal Expos. They were teammates at Oklahoma from 1993 to 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20275711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275711" title="Ocean's Trilogy">
Ocean's Trilogy

The Ocean's Trilogy is a series of 3 caper comedies directed by Steven Soderbergh and produced by Jerry Weintraub for Warner Bros., between 2001-07.
The first of the films, "Ocean's Eleven" (2001) was a remake of the 1960 film of the same name and was followed, due to an immense commercial success, by sequels "Ocean's Twelve" (2004) and "Ocean's Thirteen" (2007). The films combine well-known elements from heist films and con artist films, presented in a slick and cool style, with a notable absence of violence and gunplay, and an emphasis on humor and lightheartedness.
Films.
In "Ocean's Eleven", master thief Danny Ocean, just out of prison, plans an elaborate casino-heist to win back his ex-wife, recruiting a wild bunch of thieves and con men to pull off the complex job.
In "Ocean's Twelve", Ocean's crew goes to Europe for some heists to get back enough money to pay casino tycoon Terry Benedict, but seem to run into a thievery competition.
In "Ocean's Thirteen", the eleven plan to rig a new casino's opening night after its ruthless owner (Al Pacino) double crosses one of the gang.
Soderbergh and George Clooney have downplayed the possibility of an "Ocean's Fourteen" or subsequent sequels.

</doc>
<doc id="20275715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275715" title="Frivolous or vexatious">
Frivolous or vexatious

In the law of several jurisdictions, such as Ireland and New Zealand, frivolous or vexatious, when used to describe an action such as a complaint or a legal proceeding, is a term used to deny (or attempt to deny) its being heard, or to dismiss or strike out any ensuing judicial or non-judicial processes.
While the term is referenced in laws and regulations, it is often not defined by statute, being developed instead by decisions of the courts.
In Ireland.
Meaning.
The term is not defined in statute law, but has been defined in legal cases. One of the earliest cases was "Keaveney v. Geraghty", where the plaintiff's libel proceedings were stayed on the grounds that they were frivolous, vexatious, and an abuse of the process of the court. The plaintiff was effectively declared a vexatious litigant.
A case is frivolous if it has no reasonable chance of succeeding, and is vexatious if it would bring hardship on the opposite party to defend something which cannot succeed.
Usage.
The term is used in many Acts of the "Oireachtas" and statutory instruments. For example, the Data Protection Commissioner shall investigate any complaint made to him about the contravention of the Data Protection Acts, unless he is of the opinion that it is frivolous or vexatious and the head of a government department may refuse access to records under the Freedom of Information Act if the request is frivolous or vexatious. The High Court and Supreme Court may order an action to be stayed or dismissed, or judgment to be entered, where an action or defence is frivolous or vexatious.

</doc>
<doc id="20275717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275717" title="Albanian Pashaliks">
Albanian Pashaliks

The Albanian Pashaliks () were three Ottoman pashaliks ruled by Albanian pashas from about 1760 to 1831 and covering roughly the territory of modern Albania, Kosovo, and Northwestern Greece.
Pashalik of Scutari.
The Pashalik of Scutari, or Pashalik of Shkodra (1757–1831) was a semi-independent entity under the Ottoman Empire, created by Albanian leaders of Northern Ottoman Albania, today's Northern Albania, Southeast Montenegro, most of Kosovo and West Macedonia.
The weakening of Ottoman central authority and the timar system brought anarchy to the Albanian-populated lands. In the late 18th century, two Albanian centers of power emerged: Shkodër, under the Bushati family; and Janina, under Ali Pasha of Tepelenë. When it suited their goals, both places cooperated with the Sublime Porte, and when it was expedient to defy the central government, each acted independently.
In 1757, Mehmed Bey Bushati proclaimed himself Pasha of Shkodër, eying at a degree of autonomy/independence Mehmed Ali Pasha had established for himself in Egypt. His son and successor Kara Mahmoud pursued a policy of military expansion; he established his control over northern Albania (up to the Shkumbi River) and over Kosovo. He launched two attacks on Montenegro (1785, 1796) and defeated resp. outlasted several Ottoman expeditions dispatched to subdue him.
Kara Mahmoud's autonomous pashalik did receive the attention of the Austrian and Russian foreign office, both regarding him a potential ally against the Sublime Porte.
In 1796, Kara Mahmoud was killed when he suffered defeat at the hands of the Montenegrins. He was succeeded by his brother Ibrahim Pasha, a less warlike personality loyal to the Ottoman Empire (-1810). The Bushati Dynasti continued to hold on to the Pashalik until an Ottoman army under Mehmet Reshid Pasha besieged Rozafat Castle at Shkodër in 1831 and forced Mustafa Bushati to surrender (1831). The pashalik was dissolved, the Vilayets of Shkodër and of Kosovo established.
An uprising in Shkodër in 1833-1836 failed in reestablishing the autonomy enjoyed under the Bushati. The latter established the Bushati Library in the 1840es, which played an important role in the cultural awakening of northern Albania.
Pashalik of Janina.
The Pashalik of Yanina, or Pashalik of Janina (1787–1822) was a semi-independent entity under the Ottoman Empire, created by Ali Pasha, an Albanian leader of Southern Ottoman Albania, encompassing areas of modern northern Greece and southern Albania.
In 1787 Ali Pasha was awarded the pashaluk of Trikala in reward for his support for the sultan's war against Austria. This was not enough to satisfy his ambitions; shortly afterwards, he seized control of Ioánnina, which remained his power base for the next 33 years. Like other semi-autonomous regional leaders that emerged in that time, such as Osman Pazvantoğlu, he took advantage of a weak Ottoman government to expand his territory still further until he gained "de facto" control of most of Albania, western Greece and the Peloponnese, either directly or through his sons.
Ali's policy as ruler of Ioánnina was governed by little more than simple expediency; he operated as a semi-independent despot and allied himself with whoever offered the most advantage at the time. In order to gain a seaport on the Albanian coast Ali formed an alliance with Napoleon I of France who had established Francois Pouqueville as his general consul in Ioánnina. After the Treaty of Tilsitt where Napoleon granted the Czar his plan to dismantle the Ottoman Empire, Ali switched sides and allied with the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in 1807. His machinations were permitted by the Ottoman government in Istanbul for a mixture of expediency - it was deemed better to have Ali as a semi-ally than as an enemy - and weakness, as the central government did not have enough strength to oust him at that time.
The poet George Gordon Byron, 6th Baron Byron visited Ali's court in Ioánnina in 1809 and recorded the encounter in his work "Childe Harold". He evidently had mixed feelings about the despot, noting the splendour of Ali's court and the Greek cultural revival that he had encouraged in Ioánnina, which Byron described as being "superior in wealth, refinement and learning" to any other Greek town. In a letter to his mother, however, Byron deplored Ali's cruelty: "His Highness is a remorseless tyrant, guilty of the most horrible cruelties, very brave, so good a general that they call him the Mahometan Buonaparte ... but as barbarous as he is successful, roasting rebels, etc, etc.."
In 1820, Ali ordered the assassination of a political opponent in Constantinople. The reformist Sultan Mahmud II, who sought to restore the authority of the Sublime Porte, took this opportunity to move against Ali by ordering his deposition. Ali refused to resign his official posts and put up a formidable resistance to Ottoman troop movements, indirectly helping the Greek Independence as some 20,000 Turkish troops were fighting Ali's formidable army. In January 1822, however, Ottoman agents assassinated Ali Pasha and sent his head to the Sultan.
After his death the pashalik ceased to exist.
Pashalik of Berat.
The Pashalik of Berat was a pashalik created in modern day central Albania by Ahmet Kurt Pasha in 1774 and dissolved after Ahmet's ally, Ibrahim Pasha of Berat was defeated by Ali Pasha in 1809, thus incorporating the pashalik, with the Pashalik of Janina. This pashalik was one of the three pashaliks created by Albanians in the period of lbanian Pashaliks.
The Pashalik of Berat was created after Ahmet Kurt Pasha managed to complot with the Sublime Porte against Mehmed Pasha Bushati in 1774. For his service, the sultan gave him territories in central Albania. He managed to grow his pashalik until his death in 1787, incorporating territories of all central Albania, bordering to the north with the Pashalik of Scutari and to the south with the Pashalik of Janina.
Ahmet Kurt Pasha was the grandfather of Ali Pasha, and father of Ali's mother, Hanka.
After the death of Ahmet Kurt Pasha, the territory of the pashalik was ruled by a close ally of him, Ibrahim Pasha of Berat.
As this territory belonged to the Middle Albania, Ibrahim Pasha was roused at this encroachment. This made, Ali Pasha to start a war with the Pashalik of Berat. After some fruitless negotiation, Ibrahim Pasha sent a body of troops under the command of his brother Sephir, bey of Avlona. Against these, Ali summoned the armatoles of Thessaly; and after villages had been burnt, peasants robbed and hanged, and flocks carried oif on both sides, peace was made. Ibrahim gave his daughter in marriage to Mookhtar, the eldest son of Ali, and the disputed territory as her dower. As Sephir bey had displayed qualities which might prove formidable hereafter, Ali contrived to have him poisoned by a physician ; and, after his usual fasliion, he hanged the agent of the crime, that no witness might remain of it. Ali Pasha has said that he should prevail over the pasha of Berat, become vizir of Epirus, fight with the Sultan, and go to Constantinople. In 1808, Ali Pasha defeated Ibrahim Pasha, incorporating its territory in the Pashalik of Janina.
Sources.
"History of Albanian People" Albanian Academy of Science. ISBN 99927-1-623-1

</doc>
<doc id="20275719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275719" title="Nils Björklöf">
Nils Björklöf

Nils Björklöf (April 13, 1921, Ingå – September 16, 1987) was a Finnish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1940s. He won two bronze medals at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, earning them in the K-2 1000 m and K-2 10000 m events.
Björklöf also won a gold medal in the K-2 500 m event at the 1948 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in London.
Though born in Finland, Björklöf died in Stockholm.
Note that the K-2 500 m event did not become an official event at the Summer Olympics until the 1976 Games in Montreal. The event has been on the Olympic program since then.

</doc>
<doc id="20275772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275772" title="NCAA Men's Division I Football Bowl Subdivision alignment history">
NCAA Men's Division I Football Bowl Subdivision alignment history

This is a list of NCAA Men's Division I Football Bowl Subdivision alignment history. Teams in "italics" are no longer in the Football Bowl Subdivision. Teams in bold italics have announced transitions to FBS.

</doc>
<doc id="20275787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275787" title="Ken Kurson">
Ken Kurson

Ken Kurson (born October 23, 1968) is a political consultant, journalist, and author who currently serves as editor of "The New York Observer". He previously served as executive vice president of Jamestown Associates, a political consulting firm based in Princeton, New Jersey and Washington, DC. PolitickerNJ ranked him as the 71st most influential individual in New Jersey politics on their 2009 Power List.
Work with Rudy Giuliani.
Kurson is co-author with former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani of "Leadership". Published in October 2002, "Leadership" became an immediate best seller, spending twenty-five weeks on the New York Times Bestseller List, including five at Number One. With over a million copies in print, "Leadership" garnered wide praise from critics, including glowing reviews in the "New York Times" ("a confident, dynamic primer on basic business ethics and grace under pressure"), the "New York Times Book Review" ("sturdy and leavened with flashes of wry wit"), and "Business Week" ("blustery, unapologetic, and marked by an obvious passion").
From Jan. 1, 2002 – Dec. 31, 2006, Kurson served as the Deputy Director of Communications for Giuliani Partners, the consulting company founded by Rudy Giuliani. Kurson wrote speeches and editorials with Giuliani and traveled with him to a dozen countries and nearly every state. Giuliani's speech to the 2004 Republican National Convention, written with Kurson, was broadcast on national television and earned praise as the standout speech of the convention. Kurson's published work with Giuliani includes editorials in "Time", "Newsweek", the "New York Post", and a full-page editorial about European anti-Semitism in the "New York Times" that followed a meeting at the State Department with Colin Powell and the American Ambassador to the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe. Kurson also collaborated with the former Mayor on his speech at the 2008 Republican National Convention, joined by John Avlon.
Giuliani presidential campaign.
Kurson served as Chief Operating Officer during Rudy Giuliani's unsuccessful 2008 campaign for the Republican presidential nomination. Kurson was among the first hires of the Rudy Giuliani Presidential Committee, responsible for the Mid-Atlantic Region -- New Jersey, Delaware, and Maryland. In May 2007, he was promoted to Chief Operating Officer, reporting to Michael DuHaime. He served in this role until Giuliani withdrew from the race on January 30, 2008. In November 2007, during a debate about Jewish issues with surrogates for Sen. John McCain and Gov. Mitt Romney, Kurson said, "if Bill Clinton was 'the first black president,' then the former New York mayor would be the first Jewish president."
Publications.
Kurson was the founder of greenmagazine.com and "Green Magazine", a personal finance site and magazine that was acquired by Bankrate in 1999. "The Industry Standard" and the "New York Times" ran substantial profiles of Kurson in 2000. "Yahoo! Internet Life" named Green to its list of "100 best websites for 2001," featured on its cover.
Doubleday published Kurson's first book, "The Green Magazine Guide to Personal Finance" in April 1998 as its lead Spring paperback title. It enjoyed positive reviews/mention in "Worth", "Wired", "Playboy", "Publishers Weekly", "Detroit News", "Salon.com" and elsewhere.
Kurson was a contributing editor at "Esquire", where for five years (1997–2001), his monthly section, "Green," covered the world of investing.
Kurson is the co-author with CNBC television personality David Faber of "The Faber Report", published by Little, Brown in 2002.
Kurson is also the co-author of the personal memoir of biotechnology executive John Crowley entitled "Chasing Miracles: The Crowley Family Journey of Strength, Hope and Joy". It was published by New Market Press in January 2010 to coincide with the release of "Extraordinary Measures", the film dramatizing Crowley's work to find a treatment for his two youngest children who were diagnosed with Pompe Disease.
In January 2013, Kurson was named the editor of "The New York Observer" by the newspaper's publisher, Jared Kushner.
Musical career.
Ken Kurson graduated from Glenbrook North High School in Northbrook, Illinois in 1986. In high school, he led three-piece punk group Circles, whose tape "The Defenestration of Prague" earned a rave review from influential punk fanzine Maximumrocknroll, which noted that the song "War Heroes is an instant classic." From 1986 - 1990, Kurson played bass for the legendary Chicago rock band, Green. He is the younger brother of bestselling author Robert Kurson. While playing with Green, Ken wrote a song called "My Sister Jane" about his sister, the former Jane Kurson (now Jane Glover), who is not the same person as the film editor Jane Kurson, who edited "Neighbors" and "Bad Girls". The song appears on Green's third album, "White Soul". After leaving Green in 1990, Kurson founded The Lilacs with David Levinsky. Their first EP, "The Lilacs Love You", was produced by Material Issue front man Jim Ellison. That release was followed by another 7", The Lilacs Hate You. Their full-length CD "The Lilacs Rise Above the Filth" was produced by Brad Wood and appeared in January 1992. Kurson lives in South Orange, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="20275797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275797" title="Kurt Wires">
Kurt Wires

Kurt Oskar Wires (April 28, 1919, Helsinki - February 22, 1992) was a Finnish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1940s and early 1950s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won three medals with two golds (1952: K-2 1000 m, K-2 10000 m) and one silver (1948: K-1 10000 m).

</doc>
<doc id="20275803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275803" title="Quiksilver Pro Gold Coast">
Quiksilver Pro Gold Coast

Quiksilver Pro Gold Coast is an event on the ASP World Surfing Tour. The event is held every year at Coolangatta in Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20275823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275823" title="Yrjö Hietanen">
Yrjö Hietanen

Yrjö Jalmari Hietanen (12 July 1927, Helsinki – 26 March 2011) was a Finnish sprint canoer who competed in the 1950s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won two gold medals at Helsinki in 1952 in the K-2 1000 m and K-2 10000 m events.

</doc>
<doc id="20275824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275824" title="Rab Smith">
Rab Smith

Rab Smith is a Scottish former competitive darts player.
Career.
Smith won the 1977 British Matchplay, beating Bill Lennard in the semi-finals and then Eric Bristow in the final. In 1977 he also won the Golden Darts Championship and the British Pentathlon.
Smith played in six successive Embassy World Darts Championship. In the first ever World Championship in 1978, Smith defeated Ireland's Patrick Clifford 6–0 in the first round but lost in the quarter finals to Sweden's Stefan Lord. In 1979, Smith beat USA's Conrad Daniels in the first round and then avenged his defeat of Lord in the previous year by beating him in the second round, he went on to bow out in the quarter final once more, losing to then-reigning champion Leighton Rees of Wales. Smith suffered a first round exit in 1980, lost to Tony Sontag. In 1981, he beat Wayne Lock in the first round, before losing to American Nicky Virachkul in the second round. He then suffered two successive first round exits, losing to fellow Scot Jocky Wilson in 1982 and to Australian Kevin White in 1983.
Smith reached the final of the 1980 Winmau World Masters, beating Cliff Lazarenko, Canadian Bob Sinnaeve and Virachkul to reach the final, where he lost to John Lowe.
In popular culture.
In An American Werewolf in London, Smith is the player throwing the darts in match on tv in the apartment of the character played by Jenny Agutter. Smith's opponent is Cliff Lazarenko.

</doc>
<doc id="20275838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275838" title="John Sedgley">
John Sedgley

John Brian Sedgley (born 17 February 1939) is a former English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Worcestershire between 1959 and 1961.
Sedgley's first two first-class games, in 1959, were against Cambridge and Oxford Universities respectively. In 1960 he appeared on 11 occasions, and made his highest score in June when he scored 95 against Derbyshire before being run out.
His first-class career was completed in 1961 with two matches in June, in neither of which was he successful.

</doc>
<doc id="20275841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275841" title="Vistlip">
Vistlip

Vistlip (typeset as vistlip) is a five member Japanese visual kei rock band that formed on July 7, 2007 and is currently signed to Delfi Sound and Marvelous Entertainment.
The band was reported to have been driving along Nagae Tunnel down the Joushin’etsu Expressway in Nagano city, Nagano prefecture, when the band's car, driven by the drummer Tohya, crashed into the tunnel wall at approximately 1:15 a.m. The band’s manager, Asako Sakakibara (31), had been in the backseat when the impact forced her out of the car. Sadly, the damage that her body sustained led to her untimely death. According to highway police, the rest of the passengers sustained minor neck and arm injuries and no other fatalities were reported.
After the accident the band took a six month break from their activities. They resumed their activities in February 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20275842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275842" title="John Connor (soccer)">
John Connor (soccer)

John Connor (born 8 June 1953 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a retired Canadian association football player who earned 4 caps for the Canadian national side in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20275864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275864" title="Eastern Lebanon County High School">
Eastern Lebanon County High School

Eastern Lebanon County High School, referred to as ELCO High School, is located in Myerstown, Pennsylvania. It is a four-year high school with a total student enrollment of 810.
Graduation rate.
In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4-year cohort graduation rate. Eastern Lebanon County School District's rate was 85% for 2010.
Academic achievement.
11th Grade Reading
11th Grade Math:
11th Grade Science:
College remediation.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 29% of Eastern Lebanon County School District graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Dual enrollment.
The high school offers a Dual Enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at their high school, including the graduation ceremony. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offers a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions.
For the 2009-10 funding year, the school district received a state grant of $1,730 for the program.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006-2009. Eastern Lebanon County High School received did not apply for funding in 2006-07. In 2007-08 it received $149,609. In 2008-09 received $45,413 for a total of $195,022 from the Commonwealth. The district received a total funding of $479,645. Of the 501 public school districts in Pennsylvania, 447 of them received Classrooms for the Future grant awards 
Bullying policy.
In 2009, the administration reported there were no reported incidents of bullying in the school. In 2011, an incident of bully, at the high school, resulted in criminal charges for a student.
The Eastern Lebanon County School Board adopted a policy which prohibits bullying by district students and the faculty. The policy defines bullying and cyberbullying. The Board directs that complaints of bullying shall be investigated promptly, and corrective action shall be taken when allegations are verified. No reprisals or retaliation shall occur as a result of good faith reports of bullying. The board expects staff members to be responsible to maintain an educational environment free from all forms of bullying. All Pennsylvania schools are required to have an anti-bullying policy incorporated into their Code of Student Conduct. The policy must identify disciplinary actions for bullying and designate a school staff person to receive complaints of bullying. The policy must be available on the school's website and posted in every classroom. All Pennsylvania public schools must provide a copy of its anti-bullying policy to the Office for Safe Schools every year, and shall review their policy every three years. Additionally, the district must conduct an annual review of that policy with students. The Center for Schools and Communities works in partnership with the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime & Delinquency and the Pennsylvania Department of Education to assist schools and communities as they research, select and implement bullying prevention programs and initiatives.
Education standards relating to student safety and antiharassment programs are described in the 10.3. Safety and Injury Prevention in the Pennsylvania Academic Standards for Health, Safety and Physical Education.
Extracurriculars.
The high school offers a variety of clubs, activities and sports. Eligibility for participation is determined by the school board policy.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
Other Schools in the District.
Apart from the high school, there are two elementary schools and one 6–8 grade middle school. The two elementary schools are located in Jackson Township, and Newmanstown (referred to as Fort Zeller Elementary School), and the middle school is located on the same campus as the high school.
In response to the growing student population within the school district, an intermediate school has been constructed on the same campus as the middle and high school buildings. This building contains grades 3-5 from across the district.

</doc>
<doc id="20275942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275942" title="T. E. Breitenbach">
T. E. Breitenbach

Thomas E. Breitenbach (born July 29, 1951 in Queens, New York) is a self-taught American artist best known for his painting "Proverbidioms", a raucous and comical depiction of over 300 common proverbs and clichés. He also collaborated with Jim Morrison of The Doors, shortly before Morrison's death, on a painting intended for use on his "An American Prayer" album. Breitenbach studied architecture and fine arts (in an independent study program) at the University of Notre Dame, before leaving to become the youngest person to receive the Rome Prize Fellowship in visual arts. Breitenbach declined the second year of the fellowship and, inspired by the castles and museums of Europe, returned home determined to build a castle-studio to house his art and eventually become a museum. During the planning stages he painted "Proverbidioms" and later published it.
Periods and technique.
Breitenbach’s earliest works are dark allegories spurred by his vision of man’s nature as being hopelessly irrational and violent. Influenced by Carl Jung, Breitenbach's subjects are constructed using archetypal symbols and are intended to provoke strong emotional responses from the observer. Breitenbach emphasizes that these paintings are not surrealism, because surrealists tend to use personal and dream symbols which are not an effective form of language. He was awarded the Rome Prize in 1973 by the Society of Fellows of the American Academy in Rome in the visual arts category.
In 1974, Breitenbach started work on a painting of contemporary proverbs, idioms, and clichés, after feeling challenged by a review of Pieter Bruegel's sixteenth-century painting of Dutch proverbs, "Netherlandish Proverbs", suggesting that language was particularly colorful "back then". This became "Proverbidioms", his best-known work, completed in 1975 at the age of 24. This large painting illustrates over 300 common expressions like "You are what you eat", "butterflies in the stomach", "the rat race", and so on, and identifying the sayings became a kind of puzzle for his audience. "Proverbidioms" has been turned into a poster, jigsaw puzzle, and appeared on the TV show "Beverly Hills, 90210" in a few episodes.
Breitenbach's extensive use of humor in this work was a major departure from the mood of his early paintings, though social commentary is still present in "Proverbidioms", for example in the sewer pipe running into the river, and the white female vs. black male representing "I've got a bone to pick with you," a reference to both the women's and the civil rights movements. Breitenbach further maintains that much is revealed about man’s nature through the literal painting of his expressions. Therefore, the artist did not shy away from placing wise expressions such as "Don't put all your eggs in one basket", and "Many hands make light work", alongside crude ones like, "flat as a board" and "knockers". In 1980 the artist began publishing posters of this and other works. These became quite popular both for their entertainment value and for use in education.
After his marriage in 1979 and the birth of his first child, Breitenbach's paintings became particularly colorful. He blames this on the ultra-bright toys that were strewn about the house, but his painting technique also enhances this. He uses traditional Flemish oil-glazes, a meticulous process. Light penetrates the transparent paint layers, striking the pure-white gesso panels (made of chalk and glue) and reflecting back at the viewer, creating a luminous effect.
Breitenbach went on to paint a dozen more such humorous puzzle paintings, often with specific themes (see "Major Works", below).
Jim Morrison triptych.
In the fall of 1970, while still at college, Breitenbach sent pictures of his artwork to Jim Morrison and offered to paint an album cover. Morrison accepted and sent Breitenbach his ideas for a triptych,[http://www.tebreitenbach.com/morrisonletter.htm] along with two autographed, private editions of his poetry. Morrison liked the finished painting and asked if he could use it on an album of poetry he was working on. This was his "An American Prayer" album published seven years after his death. Unfortunately, the album’s producers were not aware of Morrison’s intention to use the painting.

</doc>
<doc id="20275947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275947" title="Marianna Prjevalskaya">
Marianna Prjevalskaya

Marianna Prjevalskaya, praised by the critics as a "master of piano" and "a grand pianist", captivates audiences with the emotional intensity, maturity, richness and beauty of tone.
Winner of the 53rd Jaen International Piano Competition in Spain, Marianna is also a laureate of numerous international piano competitions of great importance such as 2007 “Paderewski” International Piano Competition in Poland, the 2008 Seoul International Piano Competition, the 2008 “Jose Iturbi” International Piano Competition in Valencia, where she also got a special “Kawai” prize, the 2008 Ferrol International Piano Competition, the 2009 Jose Roca International Piano Competition in Valencia, 2010 Takamatsu International Piano Competition in Japan, 2010 Sendai International Piano Competition in Japan, 2010 Albacete National Piano Competition in Spain, and receiving a Special Prize for the Best Spanish Pianist at the 2011 Maria Canals International Piano Competition in Barcelona. Marianna also received prizes at Young Concert Artists International Auditions in New York in 2004, the Kosciuszko Foundation Chopin Piano Competition in New York 2004, at the Beethoven Piano Competition of the Beethoven Society of Europe in London in 2002, at Dudley International Piano Competition in 2003 in United Kingdom, at the Gold Chappell Medal Piano Competition in London in 2003 and at Marisa Montiel Piano Competition in Linares in Spain, where she also received a Special Prize for Musicality at the age of 14.
During her career, Marianna appeared at important venues at different festivals such as the Minato Mirai Hall of Yokohama in Japan during the International Piano Concert Festival, the Grosser Saal of the Mozarteum in Salzburg during the Salzburg Festival, Festival Russo at the Academia Santa Cecilia of Rome, Bologna Festival, Norwich and Norfolk Festival in the United Kingdom, Divertimento Festival in Poland. She also gave performances at Teatro Goldoni in Florence, Auditorio de Galicia en Santiago de Compostela, Auditorio Manuel de Falla in Granada, Palau de la Musica in Valencia, Steinway Hall, Weill Recital Hall and Yamaha Artists Services Piano Salon in New York. She offered recitals dedicated to 150th Anniversary of Chopin´s death at the Chopin Museum in Valdemossa in Palma de Mallorca, as well as recitals dedicated to 200th Anniversary of Chopin´s birth in Foundation Eutherpe in Leon and at the Music Festival "Caro Chopin" in Monza, Italy. As a soloist, Marianna performed with Galicia Symphony Orchestra, Valencia Symphony Orchestra, Albacete Symphony Orchestra, Granada Symphony Orchestra, Korean Symphony Orchestra, Takamatsu Symphony Orchestra, Sendai Philharmonic Orchestra, Paderewski Pomeranian Philharmonic Orchestra, Rzeszow Philharmonic Orchestra and Panama Symphony Orchestra.
Marianna was invited to participate in the European Piano Forum in Berlin as well as participated in the Summer Music Academies in Salzburg Mozarteum, Euro Arts Music Academy in Leipzig, Jose Iturbi International Piano Master Classes in Valencia, Holland International Music Sessions and the International Keyboard Institute and Festival in New York, receiving lessons from prominent musicians such as Emmanuel Ax, John O’Conor, Piotr Paleczny, Peter Frankl, Claude Frank, Andrej Jasinski, Boris Slutsky, Dominique Merlet, Choong‐Mo Kang, Akiko Ebi, Michail Voskresensky and Galina Egyazarova.
Born in 1982, Marianna Prjevalskaya started to play the piano at the age of six having her mother Tatiana Prjevalskaya as her teacher for the following eleven years. Marianna made her debut with a symphony orchestra at the age of nine and in 1992 moved to Spain with her family. After winning a scholarship from Foundation Pedro Barrie de la Maza, she continued her studies at the Royal College of Music in London studying with the legendary Irina Zaritskaya and Kevin Kenner graduating in 2003. Later on the same year she joined Toradze Piano Studio becoming a student of Alexander Toradze at Indiana University South Bend and in 2005 entered the Yale University School of Music studying with Boris Berman. Marianna holds Bachelor of Music from the Royal College of Music in London, Artist Diploma from Indiana University of South Bend, Master of Music and Artist Diploma from Yale School of Music being awarded the Irving S. Gilmore Scholarship. From 2007 for one year Marianna served as a graduate associate teaching piano and playing chamber music at the Yale School of Music.
Marianna's new Naxos CD with works by Scarlatti, Haydn, Schumann and Zárate will be released in August. Beyond her musical life, Marianna is interested in photography and art painting.

</doc>
<doc id="20275949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275949" title="Gaston Lenôtre">
Gaston Lenôtre

Gaston Lenôtre (20 May 1920 – 8 January 2009) was a French pastry chef and caterer.
Biography.
Lenôtre was born in Normandy, France. His mother, Éléonore, was one of the first women chefs in Paris during the 1900s, and was the chef of the Rothschild family. His brother Marcel was also a talented chef who worked for the Grand Hôtel in Paris.
As a patriarch, he liked to work with his family members, twelve of them at one time; including the third generation of Lenôtre chefs, amongst which was his son Alain, the founder of the Culinary Institute located in Houston, USA.
He is the uncle of Patrick Lenôtre (Pavillon des Princes, Paris), a well known French chef .
Achievements.
Lenôtre made bold moves during his lifetime. Among his list of firsts: the first chain of upscale bakeries in Paris, a bakery-café bistro in the first French shopping mall, the first central kitchen in the country outside of Paris, the first professional French re-training chef school, the first line of frozen desserts distributed all over France, and the first International bakery franchises (now in a dozen countries including Germany, Japan and Kuwait) Edit: There is no store in Hong Kong. Among the prominent chefs he trained are David Bouley and Michel Richard. He was one of the main inspirations for the character Gusteau in the 2007 Pixar film "Ratatouille".
Lenôtre wrote nine recipe books with his daughter Sylvie that have been translated into English, German, and Japanese and have sold close to a million copies. He also was the official caterer of the Football World Championship held in France in 1998 and of the French Olympic team in Sydney, Australia. He catered for presidents, kings, and celebrities all over the world.
Death.
He died at his home in the central French region of Sologne after a long illness on 8 January 2009, aged 88.

</doc>
<doc id="20275959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20275959" title="Celebrations Group">
Celebrations Group

Celebrations Group was a chain of British greeting cards stores. Most of their stores traded under the names of Cardfair and Card Warehouse.
Celebrations Group was formed in 2006 when it purchased part of the Greeting Card Group from administrators PricewaterhouseCoopers.
The Company.
The company had 288 stores across the United Kingdom and employed around 1800. It had a head office in Peterborough.
Celebrations Group also fully owned the transactional website Calendar Factory.
Administration.
On October 8, 2008 Kroll Corporate Advisory & Restructuring Group (now known as Zolfo Cooper Europe) were appointed administrators of the company. The company entered administration due to cash flow difficulties.
Card Factory.
On November 28, 2008 it was announced that Card Factory had purchased 76 of the groups 288 as part of a rescue package securing around 500 of the 1800 jobs.
Closure.
The remaining 212 stores that were not purchased by Card Factory stopped trading on January 11, 2009,
with only managers and assistant managers in on January 12, 2009 to deal with official store closures. Celebrations’ transactional website Calendar Factory stopped trading just before the New Year after it had run out of stock.

</doc>
<doc id="20276002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276002" title="Frank Hargrove">
Frank Hargrove

Frank DuVal Hargrove, Sr. (born January 13, 1927) is an American politician. From 1982 to 2010 he served in the Virginia House of Delegates, representing the 55th district in the northeast suburbs of Richmond, in and around Hanover County.
On January 26, 2009, Hargrove announced that he would not run for reelection.
Death penalty.
Hargrove supported expansion of the death penalty early in his career. At one point, he proposed a return to public hangings as a way to increase the value of the death penalty as a deterrent. Beginning in 2001, he began introducing annual bills to abolish or restrict the death penalty, saying that life without parole was a sufficient and cheaper alternative.

</doc>
<doc id="20276003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276003" title="Danco Coast">
Danco Coast

The Danco Coast () is that portion of the west coast of the Antarctic Peninsula between Cape Sterneck and Cape Renard. This coast was explored in January and February 1898 by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition under Adrien de Gerlache, who named it for Lieutenant Emile Danco who died on the expedition.
The coast is bordered by the Aguirre Passage which separates it from Lemaire Island.

</doc>
<doc id="20276012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276012" title="Doug McCarthy">
Doug McCarthy

Doug McCarthy is an English darts player.
McCarthy played in four BDO World Darts Championships. In 1979, he beat Charlie Ellix in the first round but lost in round two to John Lowe. In 1980, McCarthy beat Conrad Daniels in round one before losing to Jocky Wilson in the second round. In 1981, McCarthy lost in the first round to Ceri Morgan and 1982 he beat Jerry Umberger in round one but lost in round two to Bobby George. McCarthy also played in four World Masters tournaments but failed to reach the quarter final stage.
McCarthy also represented England on 19 occasions and was a member of the England Team including Eric Bristow and John Lowe which won the Europe Cup in 1978.
Almost 20 years after his last televised appearance, McCarthy qualified the PDC World Grand Prix in Ireland but lost in the first round to former World Champion Richie Burnett. McCarthy is still active in the game, most recently playing in the 2008 Isle of Man Open and still playing Super League darts in County Durham.

</doc>
<doc id="20276015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276015" title="NIR Class 4000">
NIR Class 4000

The Class 4000 is a type of diesel multiple unit currently in service with Northern Ireland Railways.
History.
The fleet covers 20 DMUs which were procured by Translink. None of the Northern Irish rail network is electrified, and diesel multiple units have been used since nationalisation in the 1950s.
Prior to 2000, the rolling stock used by NIR consisted of a mixture of diesel multiple unit types that had entered service between 15 and 25 years previously. The main type was the Class 80, based on the Mark 2b bodyshell. These were a fleet of 3-car and 4-car units built in two batches between 1973 and 1978, with a total of 22 sets eventually constructed. Additional capacity on the network was provided with the entry into service of the Class 450, which consisted of nine 3-car units that entered service in 1985 and were based on the Mark 3 bodyshell. However, chronic underinvestment in the railway meant that by the millennium these were still the newest domestic trains in service. Indeed, by 2000 it was estimated that the network as a whole required investment totalling £183 million simply to bring it up to basic safety standards.
New Trains.
Recognising that the railways serve an important role in the growth of the local economy, the devolved Northern Ireland Assembly granted funding for improvements in December 2000 following the report of the Railways Task Force. Included in this total funding package was £80 million for the procurement of brand new rolling stock, the largest order for new trains in the history of NIR. The result was the Class 3000, a type of DMU purchased from CAF in Spain. This numbered a total of 23 three-car units intended for use throughout the network, and was designed to replace the increasingly outdated Class 80. The new trains entered service between 2004 and 2005. However, this was a like for like replacement meaning there remained a need for older rolling stock to be retained. As a consequence, NIR was incapable of introducing the service enhancements it desired, due to a continuing lack of trains.
"New Trains Two".
The expanding local economy of Northern Ireland led to increasing pressure to improve the rail network, with recommendations made in a debate in the Northern Ireland Assembly in May 2007. Among these was the purchase of rolling stock that would, at the very least, replace the remaining Class 80 and Class 450 trains. Translink instituted the "New Trains 2010" (later renamed "New Trains Two") proposal to bring about the purchase of new trains, but decided that it needed to improve its service frequency to go with the associated infrastructure improvements, which would mean expanding the fleet. The consequence of this was to expand the New Trains Two proposal so that up to 20 new trains would be purchased, which would replace the remaining Class 450 and 80 units and expand NIR's fleet by as many as seven extra trains. The go-ahead for this was given on the publication of the draft budget of the Department for Regional Development, which allocated £137 million over three years to Translink, included in which was the money for 20 new trains.
Translink issued the invitation to tender (ITT) for the new units in June 2008. Three firm offers were received; Bombardier Transportation offered the Class 172 "Turbostar" currently being built for operation on the British network; Hyundai Rotem offered a variant of the 22000 Class "ICR" purchased by Iarnród Éireann (although this was ruled out because of NIR's desire to have units with ⅓ and ⅔ spaced doors); and CAF offered a variant of the existing C3K units. The similarity with the existing sets led to CAF winning the bid chosen in March 2009. The first of the new trains were delivered in March 2011 and after testing the first unit entered service in September 2011.
Timetable.
The timetable for the introduction of the new rolling stock was released at the same time as the ITT:
Specification.
Although the C4K trains are externally similar to the C3K fleet, internally they have significant differences. Each three car train has a seating capacity of 212, with fewer table bays and extra standing room. They have 1 toilet compared to the C3K's two. The units also have a new traction system, with an MTU 390kW engine providing power to both the traction motors and auxiliary generators. This, combined with the fact that a three car C4K train is four tonnes lighter than a C3K unit, gives a resultant increase in fuel economy.
Usage.
The C4K units have replaced the total of thirteen remaining trains of the older Class 80 and Class 450 rolling stock. The capacity increases provided by the introduction of the C4K fleet has allowed NIR to operate longer trains. Of the seven extra sets, NIR has earmarked five for running in six-car formations, with the other two planned to improve service frequency on the Derry~Londonderry Line once renovation work has been completed, and a new passing loop laid. The contract between Translink and CAF also allows for the purchase of an additional 20 vehicles, allowing the trains to be extended to 4-car units.
Technical Problems.
It has been reported on several websites that at least one member of the Class 4000 has been taken out of service on several occasions with major engine failure, and has already been re-engined.

</doc>
<doc id="20276016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276016" title="Incremental computing">
Incremental computing

Incremental computing, also known as incremental computation, is a software feature which, whenever a piece of data changes, attempts to save time by only recomputing those outputs which "depend on" the changed data. For example, a spreadsheet software package might use incremental computation in its recalculation feature, to update only those cells containing formulas which depend (directly or indirectly) on the changed cells.
Explicit versus Implicit.
Explicit approaches to incremental computing require the programmer to explicitly specify the algorithms and data structures that will be used to preserve unchanged sub-calculations. Implicit schemes, on the other hand, enable a normal non-incremental program to be evaluated in a manner that preserves unchanged sub-calculations, or to be transformed into a program that does this explicitly.
Smallest unit of change.
An incremental computing system typically has a predefined smallest unit of change that will be individually tracked. If a change is made that is smaller in scope than this smallest unit, the containing unit will be deemed to have changed. For example, if just one numerical digit of a seven-digit number in a cell in a spreadsheet is altered, the whole cell will be treated as changed.
For a spreadsheet, the smallest unit is a cell, whereas for make, it is typically an individual file. This means that in codice_1, something can be a dependency of an entire file - but not of elements "within" files, such as individual functions.
Incremental compilers address the problem of having to recompile an entire compilation unit of a program if any of the source files the unit depends on have changed.
Implementation.
A conservative (theoretically sub-optimal) implementation technique for incremental computing is for the software to build a dependency graph of all the data elements that may need to be recalculated, and their dependencies. The elements that need to be updated when a single element changes are given by the transitive closure of the dependency relation of the graph. In other words, if there is a path from the changed element to another element, the latter will be updated (even if the value does not actually change).
The dependency graph may need to be updated as dependencies change, or as elements are added to, or removed from, the system. It is used internally by the implementation, and does not typically need to be displayed to the user.
Partial evaluation can be seen as a method for automating the simplest possible case of incremental computing, in which an attempt is made to divide program data into two categories: that which can vary based on the program's input, and that which cannot (and the smallest unit of change is simply "all the data that can vary"). Of course, partial evaluation can be combined with other incremental computing techniques.
Other implementation techniques exist. For example, a topological evaluation order may be used to avoid the precomputation of elements that need to be reevaluated as in FrTime, which also avoids the problem of unnecessary updates. If a language permits cycles in the dependency graph, a single pass through the graph may not be sufficient to reach a fixed point. In many cases, complete reevaluation of a system is semantically equivalent to incremental evaluation, and may be more efficient in practice if not in theory.

</doc>
<doc id="20276020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276020" title="Leonardo Farkas">
Leonardo Farkas

Leonardo Julio Farkas Klein (born March 20, 1967) is a Chilean businessman and philanthropist.
Early years.
Farkas's parents were Jews of Hungarian descent who emigrated from Transylvania to South America in 1939.
Farkas studied commercial engineering at the University of Santiago, Chile. In the 1980s, he emigrated to the United States and made a living working in show business as a piano player while traveling throughout the country. He also worked in several Caribbean cruising companies until the death of his father. Farkas then returned to Chile to manage the family business. He has stakes in several industries, the mining sector being the most important.
Consideration of presidential candidacy.
In October 2008 Farkas announced that he was considering being an independent candidate for the presidential election of 2009. Initially, he declined to comment on the issue. However, on December 5, he announced he would not be running.
Philanthropy.
Farkas is widely known in Chile by his appearances in the Chilean telethon(Teleton), a fundraising campaign for handicapped children. Farkas donated hundreds of millions of pesos, and in 2008, donated 1000 millions pesos (US$2 million approx.), becoming the first individual to donate such amount of money to this campaign (matched hours later by José Luis Nazar during the same event).
Farkas has been very critical of the Chilean upper class, stating that “they’re usually very stingy and elitist” and don’t do enough to mitigate Chile’s social problems. He has also said that if elected president “all Chileans would have their own house”. This rhetoric of appealing to the masses of poor people has gained him substantial support among that social group and some harsh criticism from his business peers and local politicians, often labeling him as a “populist” in search of some spotlight.
During the rescue operation in Copiapó, Chile of the trapped miners, Farkas donated a US$10,000 check for each of the 33 rescued men. Farkas reportedly gave the checks in the miners' names to each of the families and set up a separate fund to collect donations, The Associated Press reported.
On July 1, Farkas was given an award by the Viña del Mar Mayor for his contributions to the city.
Farkas is also known as a patron of many other charities, including the March of the Living an annual educational program which brings students from all over the world to Poland, to study the history of the Holocaust and examine the roots of prejudice, intolerance and hate. 

</doc>
<doc id="20276029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276029" title="Davis Coast">
Davis Coast

Davis Coast () is that portion of the west coast of the Antarctic Peninsula between Cape Kjellman and Cape Sterneck. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Captain John Davis, the American sealer who claimed to have made the first recorded landing on the continent of Antarctica at Hughes Bay on this coast in the "Cecilia", February 7, 1821.

</doc>
<doc id="20276038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276038" title="Dalmianagar">
Dalmianagar

Dalmianagar (, ) is one of the oldest and biggest industrial towns in India. It is situated at Dehri-on-Sone on the banks of the Son River in Rohtas district of Bihar. This is a city and a Municipality in Rohtas district in the state of Bihar, India, combinedly known as Dehri-Dalmianagar Nagar Palika.
History.
The Industrial town of Dalmianagar was founded by the famous industrialist Ramkrishna Dalmia, a doyens of business in 20th century India and founder of the Dalmia Group. He was assisted by his younger brother Jaidayal Dalmia and son in law Sahu Shanti Prasad Jain in establishing many factories of Rohtas Industries Ltd. in Dalmianagar.
Shanti Prasad Jain took over Rohtas Industries Ltd. from his father-in-law, and under his stewardship, Dalmianagar developed into a massive industrial town from 1940s till 1980s with factories producing sugar, cement, paper, chemicals, vanaspati, etc. employing top professionals of the country. Dalmianagar boasted of vast and beautiful housing colony, gardens, clubs, schools, market complexes, hospital etc. for its employees. Rohtas Industries had their own private aircraft in those days and a small air-field near Dalmianagar.
The prosperity of Dalmianagar started to decline in mid 1970s as the law and order situation in this industrial town began to worsen. Local mafia indulged in dacoity and kidnapping. Slowly, executives and professionals began to leave and the factories were mismanaged. By mid 1980s factories started to shut down. Massive electricity bills remained unpaid by Rohtas Industries Ltd. to the State Electricity Board. There were irregularities in payment of salaries and wages to employees. By 1990s Dalmianagar looked like a ghost town.
Rohtas Industries Dalmianagar and Dehri-Rohtas Light Railway.
The Dehri Rohtas Light Railway started off as Dehri Rohtas Tramway Company in 1907 promoted by The Octavius Steel and Company of Calcutta. The original contract was to build a 40 km feeder line from Rohtas to the East Indian Railway's Delhi - Calcutta trunk route at Dehri-on-Sone. Soon thereafter, the tramway company was incorporated as a light railway in order to acquire the assets of the then defunct Dwara - Therria Light Railway in Assam. The DRLR opened to traffic in 1911 and was booming by 1913-14 when it carried over 50,000 passengers and 90,000 tons of freight, the goods traffic mainly consisting of marble and stone. In 1927, a 2.5 km spur was added to Rohtasgarh Fort from Rohtas.
Rohtas Industries brought the line up to Tiura Pipradih by adding another 25 km to the DRLR, most of which passed through their property.
The DRLR operated a very mixed bag of locomotives. It started off with 0-6-2 tank locomotives, three of which arrived from the Dwara - Therria Railway after it closed in 1909. In the pre IRS years, it also used 0-6-0, 0-4-0 (Sentinal) and 0-6-4 variants of tank locomotives. After the wartime increase in traffic the railway brought as many as eight new ZB class 2-6-2 tender locomotives, orders for which were equally split between Hudswell Clarke and Krauss Maffei. At its peak, the DRLR used to operate two daily passengers trains in each direction from Dehri-on-Sone and Tiura Pipradih, a run of 67 km. Apart from this the railway carried marble and stone traffic to the mainline at Dehri on sone.
The railway also purchased several locomotives second hand notable among which were the A/1 class 2-8-4 tank locomotives built by Hudswell Clarke that arrived from the Pulgaon - Arvi system of Central Railway in 1959. Other unique locomotives that operated on DRLR were the several ex. Kalka - Simla Railway K class 2-6-2 tank engines by Kerr Stuart and 2-6-4 tank engines by Henschel that arrived from the Shahdara - Saharanpur Light Railway.
Due to the decline in traffic and competition to road in the late 1970s, the DRLR succumbed and closed to traffic on July 16, 1984.
Although the DRLR was a hotspot for narrow gauge enthusiasts from Europe in the 1970s, not much has appeared about it in the media since its closure. Brian Manktelow from London, England decided to unravel the fate of DRLR rolling stock in 1994 and visited the area. Below is a brief trip report:
An unannounced chance visit to the Rohtas Industries works Jan 19th, 1994 proved very fruitful. After making personal contact with the management, we were given permission and a guide to visit all three sites.
Rohtas Industries BG (5'6") Shed.
All seven locomotives were present in and around the shed. The three Jung tanks and the two old East Indian Railway (EIR) 0-6-4 tank locomotives were seen in very clean condition and ready to run. The fourth Jung tank engine was stripped down for long-term repair. The only really grubby looking loco of the lot was the Kerr Stuart saddle tank engine. Considering that these locomotives had not turned a wheel since the early 1980s, they were indeed in remarkable condition and everyone around spoken to was optimistic that one day the order will come for them to return to service and they will be ready for it!
Dehri Rohtas Railway 0-6-4T #6 Avonside works# 1982 of 1926. Dehri Rohtas Railway, 1980/01/14 
Rhotas Industries Ltd. No.6 is a broad gauge 0-6-4 tank locomotive built by Vulcan Foundry in 1908. Prior to arriving at RIL in 1967, it worked for Eastern Railway as ER No.34308. 
- All locomotives except No.1 & 3 were in good stored condition, looking very presentable
- No.1 was in poor condition - No.3 was completely dismantled, under prolonged heavy repair.
The Dehri Rohtas Light Railway (2'6") running shed.
Here it was a completely different story. The railway closed on July 16, 1984 and since then nothing has moved. In the shed there were seven ZB class and three tank engines, one being Kalka Simla Railway. All were seen totally rusted through and shot to pieces with trees and vegetation running riot on, through and around them. They are still locked up and guarded and inaccessible without permission though.
- All locos were seen in poor or derelict condition
- No.7-9, 11-13 and No.15 were brought new by DRLR.
- No.24 is ex. Kalka Simla Railway, Northern Railway No.529
- RI 1 is ex Dwara - Therria Light Railway
- Most of the above locos still had their work plates intact
- The ZBs had raised brass numerals on the cabside and raised brass DRLR lettering on some of the tenders
The Dehri Rohtas Light Railway (2'6") running shed.
The workshop is situated a little way outside of the town and was once again found locked up and guarded. Upon entry we found a time warp on the whole place. Two ZB locomotives were seen stripped down in mid repair and seven tank engines in various stages of dereliction. Also present was a small Orenstein & Koppel diesel engine that was locked up in a wire cage compound so details are not available. Also in the works were several items of coaching stock all dating back from the early 1900 and built in Leeds, England.
On the railway itself, the old exchange sidings with the mainline were packed with rusting narrow gauge wagons and boxcars. The entire track leading from the sidings and out into the country has been lifted but the track bed was quite easy to follow. The area around the loco shed and in the factory boundaries is still intact although fenced off and inaccessible from the local paths and roads. Vast amount of wagons still survive but all like the locos are in deplorable condition.
- This is how the workshop was left at closure of the line in 1984
- RI 2 is ex Dwara - Therria Light Railway
- No.23 is ex. Kalka Simla Railway, Northern Railway No.514
We have not seen any reports of visits to the works or the railway since this time. Although twelve years have passed since the last reported visit, it would hardly come as a surprise to us if it is still much the same. In Brian's words, "If anything, or at all still exists and you are able to get in all right, you will be in seventh heaven! It was a fantastic time warp, be warned that you will need at least half a day to cover the three sites plus the usual tea and biscuits chat time."
A slightly modified version of No.5, the No. 6 engine was a 0-6-4T also built by Avonside in 1926. by Mick Pope
Every well equipped railway needs an ambulance coach. This is the Dehri Rhotas Railway's version powered by a converted jeep. How do they turn the jeep at the destination? Easy, they insert a jack under the centre and spin it round - which is fine unless it falls off part way round - which it did on our visit!. Dehri on Sone, 1980

</doc>
<doc id="20276045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276045" title="George Robertson (footballer born 1883)">
George Robertson (footballer born 1883)

George Robertson (1883 – after 1921) was a Scottish professional footballer who played for Clyde in the Scottish Football League and for Blackburn Rovers and Birmingham in the English Football League.
Born in Glasgow, Robertson started his career with local club Clyde as a left half. He moved to England with Blackburn Rovers in 1902, where he was used in a more attacking role. Returning to Clyde the following year, he spent another seven years with the club, and appeared in the 1910 Scottish Cup Final, where Clyde lost to Dundee in a second replay. In 1910 he joined Birmingham, where he spent four years before moving into non-league football with Bloxwich Strollers. After serving in the First World War, he played for Brierley Hill Alliance.

</doc>
<doc id="20276050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276050" title="Economic history of Scotland">
Economic history of Scotland

The economic history of Scotland charts economic development in the History of Scotland from earliest times, through seven centuries as an independent state and following Union with England, three centuries as a country of the United Kingdom. Before 1700 Scotland was a poor rural area, with few natural resources or advantages, remotely located on the periphery of the European world. Outward migration to England, and to North America, was heavy from 1700 well into the 20th century. After 1800 the economy took off, and industrialized rapidly, with textile, coal, iron, railroads, and most famously shipbuilding and banking. Glasgow was the centre of the Scottish economy. After the end of the First World War in 1918, Scotland went into a steady economic decline, shedding thousands of high-paying engineering jobs, and having very high rates of unemployment especially in the 1930s. Wartime demand in the Second World War temporarily reverse the decline, but conditions were difficult in the 1950s and 1960s. The discovery of North Sea oil in the 1970s brought new wealth, and a new cycle of boom and bust, even as the old industrial base had decayed.
Earliest times.
Scotland is roughly half the size of England and Wales, but has only between a fifth and a sixth of the amount of the arable or good pastoral land, which made marginal pastoral farming and, with its extensive coastline (roughly the same amount of coastline as all of the rest of Great Britain at 4,000 miles), fishing, the key factors in the pre-modern economy. Only a fifth of Scotland's land is under 60 metres above sea level. Its east Atlantic position means that it has very heavy rainfall: today about 700 cm per year in the east and over 1,000 cm in the west. This encouraged the spread of blanket peat bog, the acidity of which, combined with high level of wind and salt spray, made most of the islands treeless. The existence of hills, mountains, quicksands and marshes made internal communication and conquest extremely difficult. 
Mesolithic hunter-gatherer encampments are the first known settlements in the country, and archaeologists have dated an encampment near Biggar to around 8500 BC. Neolithic farming brought permanent settlements, and the wonderfully well preserved stone house at Knap of Howar on Papa Westray dating from 3500 BC predates by about 500 years the village of similar houses at Skara Brae on West Mainland, Orkney. From the commencement of the Bronze Age to about 2000 BC the archaeological record shows a decline in the number of large new stone buildings constructed. Pollen analyses suggest that at this time woodland increased at the expense of the area under cultivation. Bronze and Iron Age metalworking was slowly introduced to Scotland from Europe over a lengthy period. Scotland's population grew to perhaps 300,000 in the second millennium BC.
Following a series of military successes in the south, forces led by Gnaeus Julius Agricola entered Scotland in 79 and later sent a fleet of galleys around the coast as far as the Orkney Islands. The geographer Ptolemy's identified 19 "towns" from intelligence gathered during the Agricolan campaigns. No archaeological evidence of any truly urban places has been found from this time and the names may have indicated hill forts or temporary market and meeting places and most of the names are obscure. Archaeology and dendrochronology suggests that the occupation of southern Scotland started before the arrival of Agricola. Whatever the exact dating, for the next 300 years Rome had some presence along the southern border.
Middle Ages.
Early Middle Ages.
The early Middle Ages was a period of climate deterioration, with a drop in temperature and an increase in rainfall, resulting in more land becoming unproductive. Lacking the urban centres created under the Romans in the rest of Britain, the economy of Scotland in the early Middle Ages was overwhelmingly agricultural. With a lack of significant transport links and wider markets, most farms had to produce a self-sufficient diet of meat, dairy products and cereals, supplemented by hunter-gathering. Limited archaeological evidence indicates that throughout Northern Britain farming was based around a single homestead or a small cluster of three or four homes, each probably containing a nuclear family, with relationships likely to be common among neighbouring houses and settlements, reflecting the partition of land through inheritance. Farming became based around a system that distinguished between the infield around the settlement, where crops were grown every year and the outfield, further away and where crops were grown and then left fallow in different years, in a system that would continue until the 18th century. The evidence of bones indicates that cattle were by far the most important domesticated animal, followed by pigs, sheep and goats, while domesticated fowl were very rare. Imported goods found in archaeological sites of the period include ceramics and glass, while many sites indicate iron and precious metal working.
High Middle Ages.
Although the Scottish economy of this period was still dominated by agriculture and by short-distance, local trade, there was an increasing amount of foreign trade in the period, as well as exchange gained by means of military plunder. By the end of this period, coins were replacing barter goods, but for most of this period most exchange was done without the use of metal currency.
Most of Scotland's agricultural wealth in this period came from pastoralism, rather than arable farming. Arable farming grew significantly in the "Norman period", but with geographical differences, low-lying areas being subject to more arable farming than high-lying areas such as the Highlands, Galloway and the Southern Uplands. Galloway, in the words of G.W.S. Barrow, "already famous for its cattle, was so overwhelmingly pastoral, that there is little evidence in that region of land under any permanent cultivation, save along the Solway coast." The average amount of land used by a husbandman in Scotland might have been around 26 acres. There is a lot of evidence that the native Scots favoured pastoralism, in that Gaelic lords were happier to give away more land to French and Middle English-speaking settlers, whilst holding on tenaciously to more high-lying regions, perhaps contributing to the Highland/Galloway-Lowland division that emerged in Scotland in the later Middle Ages. The main unit of land measurement in Scotland was the "davoch" (i.e. "vat"), called the "arachor" in Lennox. This unit is also known as the "Scottish ploughgate." In English-speaking Lothian, it was simply ploughgate. It may have measured about , divided into 4 "rath"s. Cattle, pigs and cheeses were among the most produced foodstuffs, but of course a vast range of foodstuffs were produced, from sheep and fish, rye and barley, to bee wax and honey.
Pre-Davidian Scotland had no known chartered burghs, though most, if not all, of the burghs granted charters by the crown already existed long before the reign of David I. His charters gave them legal status, a new form of recognition. Scotland, outside Lothian, Lanarkshire, Roxburghshire, Berwickshire, Angus, Aberdeenshire and Fife at least, largely was populated by scattered hamlets, and outside that area, lacked the continental style nucleated village. David I established the first chartered burghs in Scotland, copying the burgher charters and "Leges Burgorum" (rules governing virtually every aspect of life and work in a burgh) almost verbatim from the English customs of Newcastle-Upon-Tyne. Early burgesses were usually Flemish, English, French and German, rather than Gaelic Scots. The burgh’s vocabulary was composed totally of either Germanic and French terms. The councils which ran individual burghs were individually known as "lie doussane", meaning the dozen.
Late Middle Ages.
In this period, with difficult terrain, poor roads and methods of transport there was little trade between different areas of the country and most settlements depended on what was produced locally, often with very little in reserve in bad years. Most farming was based on the lowland fermtoun or highland baile, settlements of a handful of families that jointly farmed an area notionally suitable for two or three plough teams, allocated in run rigs to tenant farmers. They usually ran downhill so that they included both wet and dry land, helping to offset some of the problems of extreme weather conditions. Most ploughing was done with a heavy wooden plough with an iron coulter, pulled by oxen, which were more effective and cheaper to feed than horses. Obligations to the local lord usually included supplying oxen for ploughing the lord's land on an annual basis and the much resented obligation to grind corn at the lord's mill. The rural economy appears to have boomed in the 13th century and in the immediate aftermath of the Black Death was still buoyant, but by the 1360s there was a severe falling off incomes that can be seen in clerical benefices, of between a third and half compared with the beginning of the era, to be followed by a slow recovery in the 15th century.
Most of the burghs were on the east coast, and among them were the largest and wealthiest, including Aberdeen, Perth and Edinburgh, whose growth was facilitated by trade with the continent. Although in the south-west Glasgow was beginning to develop and Ayr and Kirkcudbright had occasional links with Spain and France, sea trade with Ireland was much less profitable. In addition to the major royal burghs this era saw the proliferation of less baronial and ecclesiastical burghs, with 51 being created between 1450 and 1516. Most of these were much smaller than their royal counterparts, excluded from international trade they mainly acted as local markets and centres of craftsmanship. In general burghs probably carried out far more local trading with their hinterlands, relying on them for food, raw materials. The wool trade was a major export at the beginning of the period, but the introduction of sheep-scab was a serious blow to the trade and it began to decline as an export from the early 15th century and despite a levelling off, there was another drop in exports as the markets collapsed in the early-16th century Low Countries. Unlike in England, this did not prompt the Scots to turn to large scale cloth production and only poor quality rough cloths seem to have been significant. 
There were relatively few developed crafts in Scotland in this period, although by the later 15th century there were the beginnings of a native iron casting industry, which led to the production of cannon and of the silver and goldsmithing for which the country would later be known. As a result the most important exports were unprocessed raw materials, including wool, hides, salt, fish, animals and coal, while Scotland remained frequently short of wood, iron and in years of bad harvests grain. Exports of hides and particularly salmon, where the Scots held a decisive advantage in quality over their rivals, appear to have held up much better than wool, despite the general economic downturn in Europe in the aftermath of the plague. The growing desire among the court, lords, upper clergy and wealthier merchants for luxury goods that largely had to be imported led to a chronic shortage of bullion. This, and perennial problems in royal finance, led to several debasements of the coinage, with the amount of silver in a penny being cut to almost a fifth between the late 14th century and the late 15th century. The heavily debased "black money" introduced in 1480 had to be withdrawn two years later and may have helped fuel a financial and political crisis.
Early modern era.
Sixteenth century.
From the mid-sixteenth century, Scotland experienced a decline in demand for exports of cloth and wool to the continent. Scots responded by selling larger quantities of traditional goods, increasing the output of salt, herring and coal. The late sixteenth century was an era of economic distress, probably exacerbated by increasing taxation and the devaluation of the currency. In 1582 a pound of silver produced 640 shillings, but in 1601 it was 960 and the exchange rate with England was £6 Scots to £1 sterling in 1565, but by 1601 it had fallen to £12. Wages rose rapidly, by between four or five times between 1560 and the end of the century, but failed to keep pace with inflation. This situation was punctuated by frequent harvest failures, with almost half the years in the second half of the sixteenth century seeing local or national scarcity, necessitating the shipping of large quantities of grain from the Baltic. Distress was also exacerbated by outbreaks of plague, with major epidemics in the periods 1584-8 and 1597-1609. There were the beginnings of industrial manufacture in this period, often utilising expertise from the continent, which included a failed attempt to use Flemings to teach new techniques in the developing cloth industry in the north-east, but more successful in bringing a Venetian to help develop a native glass blowing industry. George Bruce used German techniques to solve the drainage problems of his coal mine at Culross. In 1596 the Society of Brewer's was established in Edinburgh and the importing of English hops allowed the brewing of Scottish beer.
Seventeenth century.
In the early seventeenth century famine was relatively common, with four periods of famine prices between 1620 and 1625. The invasions of the 1640s had a profound impact on the Scottish economy, with the destruction of crops and the disruption of markets resulting in some of the most rapid prize rises of the century. Under the Commonwealth, the country was relatively highly taxed, but gained access to English markets. After the Restoration the formal frontier with England was re-established, along with its customs duties. Economic conditions were generally favourable from 1660 to 1688, as land owners promoted better tillage and cattle-raising. The monopoly of royal burghs over foreign trade was partially ended by and Act of 1672, leaving them with the old luxuries of wines, silk, spices and dyes and opening up trade of increasingly significant salt, coal, corn and hides and imports from the Americas. The English Navigation Acts limited the ability of the Scots to engage in what would have been lucrative trading with England's growing colonies, but these were often circumvented, with Glasgow becoming an increasingly important commercial centre, opening up trade with the American colonies: importing sugar from the West Indies and tobacco from Virginia and Maryland. Exports across the Atlantic included linen, woollen goods, coal and grindstones. The English protective tariffs on salt and cattle were harder to disregard and probably placed greater limitations on the Scottish economy, despite attempts of the King to have it overturned. However, by the end of the century the drovers roads, stretching down from the Highlands through south-west Scotland to north-east England, had become firmly established. Scottish attempts to counter this with tariffs of their own, were largely unsuccessful as Scotland had relatively few vital exports to protect. Attempts by the Privy Council to build up luxury industries in cloth mills, soap works, sugar boiling houses, gunpowder and paper works, proved largely unsuccessful. 
18th century.
By the start of the 18th century, a political union between Scotland and England became politically and economically attractive, promising to open up the much larger markets of England, as well as those of the growing British Empire. The Scottish parliament voted on 6 January 1707, by 110 to 69 to adopt the Treaty of Union. It was a full economic union; indeed, most of its 25 articles dealt with economic arrangements for the new state known as "Great Britain." It added 45 Scots to the 513 members of the House of Commons and 16 Scots to the 190 members of the House of Lords, and ended the Scottish parliament. It also replaced the Scottish systems of currency, taxation and laws regulating trade with laws made in London. England had about five times the population of Scotland at the time, and about 36 times as much wealth.
Agriculture.
Contacts with England led to a conscious attempt to improve agriculture among the gentry and nobility. Haymaking was introduced along with the English plough and foreign grasses, the sowing of rye grass and clover. Turnips and cabbages were introduced, lands enclosed and marshes drained, lime was put down, roads built and woods planted. Drilling and sowing and crop rotation were introduced. The introduction of the potato to Scotland in 1739 greatly improved the diet of the peasantry. Enclosures began to displace the runrig system and free pasture. The Society of Improvers was founded in 1723, including in its 300 members dukes. earls, lairds and landlords. The Lothians became a major centre of grain, Ayrshire of cattle breading and the borders of sheep. However, although some estate holders improved the quality of life of their displaced workers, enclosures led to unemployment and forced migrations to the burghs or abroad.
Exports.
The economic benefits of union were very slow to appear, primarily because Scotland was too poor to exploit the opportunities of the greatly expanded free market. Some progress was visible by 1750, such as the sales of linen and cattle to England, the cash flows from military service, and the tobacco trade that was dominated by Glasgow after 1740. However, Glasgow immediately re-exported nearly all the tobacco, so it did not stimulate local business, and that port exported few Scottish products. The tobacco trade collapsed during the American Revolution, when it sources were cut off by the British blockade of American ports. An important new trade to develop with the West Indies that made up for the loss of the tobacco business. The Scottish Enlightenment was made possible by union, and was indeed a remarkable intellectual event, but it had few direct benefits for the economy at large. Scotland in 1700 was a poor rural, agricultural society with a population of 1.3 million. Its transformation into a rich leader of modern industry came suddenly and unexpectedly.
Glasgow.
In Glasgow, merchants who profited from the American trade in the 1730-1790 era began investing in leather, textiles, iron, coal, sugar, rope, sailcloth, glassworks, breweries, and soapworks, setting the foundations for the city's emergence as a leading industrial centre after 1815. Initially relying on hired ships, by 1736 it had 67 of its own, a third of which were trading with the New World. Glasgow emerged as the focus of the tobacco trade, re-exporting particularly to France. The merchants dealing in this lucrative business became the wealthy tobacco lords, who dominated the city for most of the century.
By 1790 the expanded and prosperous trade with the West Indies reflected the extensive growth of the cotton industry, the British sweet tooth, and the demand in the West Indies for herring and linen goods. During 1750-1815, 78 Glasgow merchants not only specialized in the importation of sugar, cotton, and rum from the West Indies, but diversified their interests by purchasing West Indian plantations, Scottish estates, or cotton mills. They were not to be self-perpetuating due to the hazards of the trade, the incident of bankruptcy, and the changing complexity of Glasgow's economy.
Other burghs also benefited. Greenock enlarged its port in 1710 and sent its first ship to the Americas in 1719, but was soon playing a major part in importing sugar and rum.
Linen.
The linen industry was Scotland's premier industry in the 18th century and formed the basis for the later cotton, jute, and woollen industries as well. The Scottish members of parliament managed to see off an attempt to impose an export duty on linen and from 1727 it received subsidies of £2,750 a year for six years, resulting in a considerable expansion of the trade. Paisley adopted Dutch methods and became a major centre of production. Glasgow manufactured for the export trade, which doubled between 1725 and 1738.
Scottish industrial policy was made by the Board of Trustees for Fisheries and Manufactures in Scotland, which sought to build an economy complementary, not competitive, with England. Since England had woollens, this meant linen. Encouraged and subsidized by the Board of Trustees so it could compete with German products, merchant entrepreneurs became dominant in all stages of linen manufacturing and built up the market share of Scottish linens, especially in the American colonial market.
19th century.
Scotland grew steadily in the 19th century, from 1,608,000 in the census of 1801 to 2,889,000 in 1851 and 4,472,000 in 1901. The economy, long based on agriculture, began to industrialize after 1790. At first the leading industry, based in the west, was the spinning and weaving of cotton. In 1861 the American Civil War suddenly cut off the supplies of raw cotton and the industry never recovered. Thanks to its many entrepreneurs and engineers, and its large stock of easily mined coal, Scotland became a world centre for engineering, shipbuilding, and locomotive construction, with steel replacing iron after 1870. 
Liberalism emerged from urban Scotland, the free-trade sentiments and strong individualism of entrepreneurs merging with the radical emphasis on education and self-reliance as a means of community betterment. Despite political challenges, especially by the 1900s, these distinctive liberal values remained strong.
Banking.
The first Scottish banks, Bank of Scotland (Edinburgh, 1695) the Royal Bank of Scotland (Edinburgh, 1727) are still in operation. By the early 19th century Glasgow had strong banks as well and Scotland had a flourishing financial system. There were over 400 branches, amounting to one office per 7000 people, double the level in England. The banks were more lightly regulated than those in England. Historians often emphasize that the flexibility and dynamism of the Scottish banking system contributed significantly to the rapid development of the economy in the 19th century.
The British Linen Company, established in 1746, was the largest firm in the Scottish linen industry in the 18th century, exporting linen to England and America. As a joint-stock company, it had the right to raise funds through the issue of promissory notes or bonds. With its bonds functioning as bank notes, the company gradually moved into the business of lending and discounting to other linen manufacturers, and in the early 1770s banking became its main activity. Renamed British Linen Bank in 1906, it was one of Scotland's premier banks until it was bought out by the Bank of Scotland in 1969.
Emigration.
Even with the growth of industry there never were enough good jobs, so during the 1841-1931 era, about 2 million Scots emigrated to North America and Australia, and another 750,000 relocated to England. By the 21st century, there were about as many people of Scottish descent in both Canada (see Scotch Canadians) and the U.S. (see Scottish American) as the 5 million remaining in Scotland.
The Industrial Revolution.
During the Industrial Revolution, Scotland became one of the commercial, intellectual and industrial powerhouses of the British Empire. Beginning about 1790 the most important industry in the west of Scotland became textiles, especially the spinning and weaving of cotton, which flourished until the American Civil War in 1861 cut off the supplies of raw cotton; the industry never recovered. However, by that time Scotland had developed heavy industries based on its coal and iron resources. The invention of the hot blast for smelting iron (1828) had revolutionized the Scottish iron industry, and Scotland became a centre for engineering, shipbuilding, and locomotive construction. Toward the end of the 19th century steel production largely replaced iron production. Emigrant Andrew Carnegie built the American steel industry, and spent much of his time and philanthropy in Scotland.
Cities.
As the 19th century wore on, Lowland Scotland turned more and more towards heavy industry. Glasgow and the River Clyde became a major shipbuilding centre. Glasgow became one of the largest cities in the world, and known as "the Second City of the Empire" after London. 
The industrial developments, while they brought work and wealth, were so rapid that housing, town-planning, and provision for public health did not keep pace with them, and for a time living conditions in some of the towns and cities were notoriously bad, with overcrowding, high infant mortality, and growing rates of tuberculosis.
Dundee.
Dundee upgraded its harbour and established itself as an industrial and trading centre. Dundee's industrial heritage was based on "the three Js": jute, jam and journalism. East-central Scotland became too heavily dependent on linens, hemp, and jute. Despite the cyclical nature of the trade which periodically ruined weaker companies, profits held up well in the 19th century. Typical firms were family affairs, even after the introduction of limited liability in the 1890s. The profits helped make the city an important source of overseas investment, especially in North America. However, the profits were seldom invested locally, apart from the linen trade. The reasons were that low wages limited local consumption, and because there were no important natural resources; thus the Dundee region offered little opportunity for profitable industrial diversification.
Coal.
Coal mining became a major industry, and continue to grow into the 20th century producing the fuel to heat homes factories and drive steam engines locomotives and steamships. By 1914 there were 1,000,000 coal miners in Scotland. The stereotype emerged early on of Scottish colliers as brutish, non-religious and socially isolated serfs; that was an exaggeration, for their life style resembled coal miners everywhere, with a strong emphasis on masculinity, egalitarianism, group solidarity, and support for radical labour movements.
Railways.
Britain was the world leader in the construction of railways, and their use to expand trade and coal supplies. The first line opened in 1831. Not only was good passenger service established by the late 1840s, but an excellent network of freight lines reduce the cost of shipping coal, and made products manufactured in Scotland competitive throughout Britain. For example, railways open the London market to Scottish beef and milk. They enabled the Aberdeen Angus to become a cattle breed of worldwide reputation.
Shipbuilding.
Shipbuilding on Clydeside (the river Clyde through Glasgow and other points) reached its peak in the years in the 1900-1918 era, with an output of 370 ships completed in 1913, and even more during the First World War. The total output from some 300 firms (that is, 30-40 at any one time) exceeded 25,000 ships. 
The first small yards were opened in 1712 at the Scott family's shipyard at Greenock. After 1860 the Clydeside shipyards specialized in steamships made of iron (after 1870, made of steel), which rapidly replaced the wooden sailing vessels of both the merchant fleets and the battle fleets of the world. It became the world's pre-eminent shipbuilding centre. "Clydebuilt" became an industry benchmark of quality, and the river's shipyards were given contracts for warships, as well as prestigious liners such as the Queen Mary and the Queen Elizabeth 2. 
Major firms included Denny of Dumbarton, Scotts Shipbuilding and Engineering Company of Greenock, Lithgows of Port Glasgow, Simon and Lobnitz of Renfrew, Alexander Stephen and Sons of Linthouse, Fairfield of Govan, Inglis of Pointhouse, Barclay Curle of Whiteinch, Connell and Yarrow of Scotstoun. Equally important were the engineering firms that supplied the machinery to drive these vessels, the boilers and pumps and steering gear - Rankin & Blackmore, Hastie's and Kincaid's of Greenock, Rowan's of Finnieston, Weir's of Cathcart, Howden's of Tradeston and Babcock & Wilcox of Renfrew. The biggest customer was Sir William Mackinnon, who ran five shipping companies in the 19th century from his base in Glasgow. 
A representative entrepreneur in Glasgow was William Lithgow (1854–1908), who at the age of 16 inherited £1,000 and at his death left a fortune of £1.75 million. Starting with partners whom he later bought out, he employed innovative designs and concepts such as interchangeable components, helped finance his customers by purchasing shares in their ships, and continuously expanded his shipyard. When rivals went bankrupt during the depression years of the 1880s and 1890s, Lithgows survived. His children and grandchildren built the company into the world's largest private shipbuilding firm by 1950, but the family sold the yards to the government in 1977 and diversified their holdings into other industries.
The companies attracted rural workers, as well as immigrants from Catholic Ireland, by inexpensive company housing that was a dramatic move upward from the inner-city slums. This paternalistic policy led many owners to indoors government sponsored housing programs as well as self-help projects among the respectable working class.
Rural life.
A handful of powerful families, typified by the dukes of Argyll, Atholl, Buccleuch, and Sutherland, owned the best lands and controlled local political, legal and economic affairs. As late as 1878, 68 families owned nearly half the land.
Agriculture in the Lowlands was steadily upgraded after 1700, and standards remained high. However, after the repeal of the Corn Laws in mid-century, when Britain adopted a free trade policy, grain imports from America undermined the profitability of crop production. The result was a continuous exodus from the land—to the cities, or further afield to England, Canada, America or Australia.
The traditional landed interests held their own politically in the face of the rapidly growing urban middle classes, for the electoral reforms of mid-century were less far-reaching in Scotland than in England. The landed interests managed to ensure that the political weight of numbers was skewed disproportionately in their favour.
The Highlands meanwhile were very poor and traditional, with few connections to the uplift of the Scottish Enlightenment and little role in the Industrial Revolution. The 100 or so wealthiest landlords needed cash to maintain their position in London society, and had less need of soldiers now that warfare had abated. Therefore they turned to money rents, displaced farmers to raise sheep, and downplayed the traditional patriarchal relationship that had historically sustained the clans. A new group appeared, the "crofters," emerging for the first time in the late 18th and early 19th centuries. They were poor families living on "crofts" or very small rented farms used to raise potatoes, with kelping, fishing, and spinning of linen, and military service, as important sources of revenue.
The era of the Napoleonic wars, 1790–1815, brought prosperity, optimism, and economic growth to the Highlands. The economy grew thanks to wages paid by kelping industry (where men burned kelp for the ashes), fisheries, and weaving, as well as and large scale infrastructure spending such as the Caledonian Canal project. On the East Coast, farmlands were improved, and high prices for cattle brought money to the community. Service in the Army was also attractive to young men from Highlands, who sent pay home and retired there with their army pensions. The prosperity ended after 1815, and long-run negative factors began to undermine the economic position of the poor tenant farmers or "crofters," as they were called. The adoption by the landowners of a market orientation in the century after 1750 dissolved the traditional social and economic structure of the north-west Highlands and Hebrides Islands, causing great disruption for the crofters. The Highland Clearances and the end of the township system followed changes in land ownership and tenancy and the replacement of cattle by sheep.
20th century.
Ships.
Clydeside shipyards before the First World War began in 1914 had been the busiest in the world, turning out more than a third of the entire British output. They expanded dramatically during the war, primarily to produce transports of the sort that German submarines were busy sinking. Confident of postwar expansion, the companies borrowed heavily to expand their facilities. But after the war, employment tumbled as the yards proved too big, too expensive, and too inefficient; in any case world demand was down. The most skilled craftsmen were especially hard hit, because there were few alternative uses for their specialized skills. A serious weakness on the engineering side was a lag in developing the new technology of turbine engines, diesel engines, and welding techniques. The yards went into a long period of decline, interrupted only by the Second World War's temporary expansion. In the 21st century, only a handful of ship yards remain active.
Fish.
The years before the First World War were the golden age of the inshore fisheries. The main port was Aberdeen. Landings reached new heights, and Scottish catches dominated Europe's herring trade, accounting for a third of the British catch. The boats employed 34,000 men in 1911, with another 50,000 women on shore employed part-time in processing. High productivity came about thanks to the transition to more productive steam-powered boats, while the rest of Europe's fishing fleets were slower because they were still powered by sails. Scotland's fishermen had acquired nearly one thousand steam drifters by 1914, valued over two million pounds. However, the escalating level of capital expenditure necessitated new sources of capital; it came principally from merchants and fish salesmen. The fishermen now had to share their profits, and became entangled in informal contracts, tie-in sales and fast-accumulating debts. The shared cultural background facilitated mutual trust. The option of state intervention and government money was debated and rejected.
Deindustrialization.
Deindustrialization took place rapidly in the 1970s and 1980s, as most of the traditional industries drastically shrank or were completely closed down. A new service oriented economy emerged to replace traditional heavy industries.
Oil.
Since the Second World War, the economy has been fully integrated into the overall British economy, with the most distinctive feature being the discovery of oil offshore in the North Sea. The oil brought new wealth and new people to the most isolated areas.
The discovery of the giant Forties oilfield in October 1970 was an initial sign that Scotland was about to become a major oil producing nation, a view confirmed when Shell Expro discovered the giant Brent oilfield in the northern North Sea east of Shetland the following year. Oil production started from the Argyll field (now Ardmore) in June 1975 followed by Forties in November of that year.
John Brown & Company's shipyard at Clydebank transformed itself from a traditional shipbuilding business to a factor in the high technology offshore oil and gas drilling industry. After 1972 the firm has been owned by three multinational corporations, and its adaptation to drilling has been affected by the complexities of fluctuating international markets and changing technologies. Employment in the yard is far lower.

</doc>
<doc id="20276053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276053" title="Mount Castro">
Mount Castro

Mount Castro () is a mountain, high, on the north side of Seller Glacier, southeast of Mount Gilbert, in the central Antarctic Peninsula. It was photographed from the air by the British Graham Land Expedition in 1937, and by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition in 1947. It was surveyed from the ground by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in December 1958, and named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for João de Castro, a Portuguese navigator who made pioneer experimental investigations of the variation of the magnetic compass.

</doc>
<doc id="20276059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276059" title="Akkrum railway station">
Akkrum railway station

Akkrum is a railway station located in Akkrum, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 1 September 1868 and is located on the Arnhem–Leeuwarden railway. The services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Akkrum:

</doc>
<doc id="20276060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276060" title="Great American Stakes">
Great American Stakes

The Great American Stakes is a defunct American Thoroughbred horse race last run annually at Belmont Park in Elmont, New York. Open to two-year-old horses, it was last competed at a distance of five and a half furlongs.
It was inaugurated as a five furlong race at the Gravesend Race Track at Gravesend on Coney Island, New York. A legislated ban on parimutuel betting by the State of New York resulted in the cancellation of the race in 1911 and 1912 and the Gravesend track never reopened. The race was moved to the Aqueduct Racetrack in Queens, New York was still there in 1973, By 1977, the event was being hosted by Belmont Park in Elmont, New York.
Of interest, in the 1936 running of the Great American Stakes, Fairy Hill defeated War Admiral and in 1977, Alydar easily beat Affirmed.

</doc>
<doc id="20276071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276071" title="Mount Coman">
Mount Coman

Mount Coman () is a prominent isolated mountain which rises above the ice-covered plateau of Palmer Land, located just westward of the Playfair Mountains in Antarctica. It was discovered by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition, 1947–48, under Finn Ronne, who named this mountain for Dr. F. Dana Coman, physician with the Byrd Antarctic Expedition of 1928–30.

</doc>
<doc id="20276086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276086" title="George VI Ice Shelf">
George VI Ice Shelf

The George VI Ice Shelf () is an extensive ice shelf that occupies George VI Sound which separates Alexander Island from Palmer Land in Antarctica. The ice shelf extends from Ronne Entrance, at the southwest end of the sound, to Niznik Island, about south of the north entrance between Cape Brown and Cape Jeremy. It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in association with George VI Sound.

</doc>
<doc id="20276090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276090" title="Atala T">
Atala T

Atala T (Founded in 2002 as Everway Inc) is a web portal and internet service provider . Atala T provides dedicated Internet services to value minded consumers.
History.
Atala T was founded as Everway Inc by Eddie Mack and Sarah W. Mack on June 4, 2002. Everway became one of the smallest ISP's on the net with only subscribers in the low thousands. The mission of the new company was to simply provide in-expensive reliable internet services and products to value minded individuals. On April 30, 2002, Everway Launched its fully own ISP service and IM service called Everway Online and EIM (Everway Instant Messenger). Everway Online provided Dial-up and DSL services at extremely lower prices than CompuServe and AOL. In ordeer to provide this service, Everway teamed up with AffinityPath LLC. (Which is now Barracuda Networks).
Death and re-birth.
On May 5, 2005 Everway experienced a world wide service interruption. The cause of the interruption was one of the main Affinity Path servers crashed and caused hundreds of people to be left without dial-up service, however DSL services and IM services were not affected. This led to Everway building a temporary Dial-up server until normal service was restored. Everway never recovered from the incident and with Affinity Path nowhere in sight, was forced to shut down its Internet service department. Thousands of customers were outraged and were furious that Everway decided to kill its Internet service department. This was the result that killed Everway because the Internet department was the backbone of the company. Hundreds of jobs were lost but most people ended up in customer support. Everway gave each and every one of their subscribers their money back and the situation ended peacefully. On December 28, 2006, Sarah W. Mack (the majority partner in Everway) acquired the original Everway Inc. and rebranded it as "New Atala T Internet Services Limited." Everway Inc. became wholly owned by Atala T as a result of the acquisition. After the acquisition by Sarah W. Mack, Everway was renamed Atala T Internet Services on February 8, 2007. Soon after the acquisition, Sarah W. Mack took over as the CEO of the new company and re-built it from the ground up. Currently Atala T has over 35,000 subscribers. On August 1, 2009, CEO Sarah W. Mack decided to pull the plug on the Atala T brand of Internet Services. There are talks of a brand new company in 2020.
Current services and products.
Atala T.B.S Version 9.0
Atala T Mail
Atala T T.B.S. For Mac
References.
Atala T Corporate Site
Affinity Path Information
Atala T T.B.S
Atala T Google Search

</doc>
<doc id="20276137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276137" title="Eklund Islands">
Eklund Islands

The Eklund Islands () are a group of islands which rise through the ice near the southwest end of George VI Sound towards the south of the Antarctic Peninsula.
The largest island, in extent and rising to , was discovered in December 1940 by Finn Ronne and Carl R. Eklund of the United States Antarctic Service during their sledge journey south from Stonington Island to the southwest part of George VI Sound and return. At that time this large island, named by Ronne for Eklund, the ornithologist and assistant biologist of the expedition, was the only land protruding above an area of hummocky ice. V. E. Fuchs and R. J. Adie of the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey sledged to the southwest part of George VI Sound in 1949, at which time, because of a recession of the ice in the sound, they were able to determine that the island discovered by Ronne and Eklund is the largest of a group of mainly ice-covered islands. On the basis of the original discovery, the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names recommends that the name Eklund be applied to the island group rather than the single island discovered by Ronne and Eklund.

</doc>
<doc id="20276159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276159" title="Golden Chain">
Golden Chain

There are multiple uses for the term Golden Chain:

</doc>
<doc id="20276166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276166" title="Henry Charlick">
Henry Charlick

Henry Charlick (8 July 1845 London, England – 26 July 1916 Adelaide, Australia) was a leading Australian chess master in the 1880s. He won the second Australian Chess Championship at Adelaide 1887 with 7.5 points out of 9 games, ahead of reigning champion Frederick Karl Esling (7 points) and George H. D. Gossip (6.5). Charlick scored 6/8 in the third championship at Melbourne 1888, tying for first with William Crane, Jr., ahead of William Tullidge (5.5), but narrowly lost the playoff to Crane (1 win, 2 losses, 1 draw).
Charlick Gambit.
In the early 1890s, Charlick introduced the dubious chess opening 1.d4 e5?!, which is sometimes called the Charlick Gambit. Charlick's idea was to meet 2.dxe5 with the gambit 2...d6 "with the object of preventing White from playing a close game." Today, 1.d4 e5 is usually called the Englund Gambit, and the 2.dxe5 d6 offshoot that Charlick pioneered is usually called the Blackburne–Hartlaub Gambit. Modern theory considers 2...d6 even more dubious than the main line 2...Nc6 3.Nf3 Qe7, since White obtains a large advantage after 2...d6 3.Nf3 Bg4 4.Bg5! Qd7 5.exd6 Bxd6 6.Nbd2.
Illustrative games.
Following are two games showing Charlick's attacking style of play.
Apperly vs. Charlick, Correspondence, Australia 1894: 
1. d4 e5 2. dxe5 d6 
3. Bf4 Nc6 4. exd6 Qf6 5. Bc1 Bxd6 6. c3 Bf5 7. e3 O-O-O 8. Nd2 Qg6 9. h3 Nf6 10. Ngf3 Rhe8 11. Qa4 Bc2 12. Nb3 Ne4 13. Nh4 Qg3! 14. fxg3 Bxg3+ 15. Ke2 Bd1# 0–1
Charlick vs. William Crane, Jr., Australian Championship playoff 1888: 
1. e4 e5 2. Nf3 Nc6 3. Nc3 Nf6 4. Bb5 Bb4 5. d3 d6 6. O-O O-O 7. Ne2 Ne7 8. Ng3 Ng6 9. Bg5 Be6 10. c3 Bc5 11. Nh5 c6 12. Ba4 Bg4 13. Nxf6+ gxf6 14. Bh6 Re8 15. h3 Bd7 16. b4 Bb6 17. Bb3 Be6 18. Nh2 f5 19. exf5 Bxf5 20. Qf3 Be6 21. Ng4 Bxb3 22. Nf6+ Kh8 23. Nxe8 Bc2 24. Qxf7 1–0

</doc>
<doc id="20276213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276213" title="Red Star Daily">
Red Star Daily

The Red Star Daily () is the main newspaper in Mordovia. The newspaper was founded in 1965 by a group of natives living in the town of Kovylkino, who wanted a fortnightly newspaper to be published to the citizens of the republic. It is still in production.

</doc>
<doc id="20276214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276214" title="GB Railways">
GB Railways

GB Railways was the parent company of a number of train operating companies, running the Anglia Railways franchise from January 1997 and launching Hull Trains and GB Railfreight. GB Railways was also involved in the management of the Estonian rail company Edelaraudtee and had an investment in Great Southern Rail in Australia. 
The company was acquired by FirstGroup in August 2003. 
History.
GB Railways was formed in October 1996 by entrepreneurs with diverse backgrounds initially to bid for rail franchises in the United Kingdom during the privatisation of British Rail. After being awarded the Anglia franchise in 1996, GB Railways was listed on the Alternative Investment Market in January 1997.
In October 1997 as part of the "Great Southern Railway Consortium" with Legal & General, Macquarie Bank, RailAmerica, G13 Pty Ltd and Serco, it acquired the interstate passenger services of Australian National Railways, which were operated as Great Southern Rail. In 1998 GB Railways, as part of the "Inter Capital Express" consortium, was shortlisted for a high-speed rail service from Sydney to Canberra. In September 2000 GB Railways, as part of the "Western Freight" consortium with AMEC Engineering, lodged a bid for the Westrail freight business in Western Australia.
In October 1999 the company announced the sale of its 19.7% share in Great Southern Rail to Serco.
In September 2000 GB Railways launched Hull Trains (with an 80% shareholding), an open access InterCity rail operator running trains between Hull and London King's Cross.
In November 2000 GB Railways acquired an interest in the Estonian passenger rail operator Edelaraudtee through Estonian subsidiary "GB Railways Eesti AS", for 10million Kroon ($540,000), with investment and stock increase deals over five years as part of the agreement. GB Railways owned 20% of the shares, with the majority owners being Edelaraudtee chairman Henn Ruubel and lawyer Marcel Vichmannile. In 2002 GB Railways investment in the company was only £70,000 - it provided management to the company on a fee basis.
GB Railways launched freight train operating company GB Railfreight in March 2001.
In 2001 the company was rumoured to be in takeover talks with potential suitors. The company's services were badly affected by the speed restrictions imposed on all train operators by Railtrack after the Hatfield rail crash, and was making a net loss despite receiving an increased subsidy from the Strategic Rail Authority. 
In 2002 a consortium of GNER and Freightliner attempted to acquire the company, valuing it at around £1 per share, or £8.75 million; GNER sought the passenger trains operations, whilst Freightliner sought the GB Railfreight subsidiary. The offer was rejected without discussion and the companies ceased the acquisition attempt.
In July 2003 FirstGroup made a takeover offer for GB Railways, offering £2.50 per share offer, with further deferred consideration of £2.00 if the Greater Anglia Rail Franchise was won and £0.50 if either the Northern Rail or Wales & Borders franchises were won. None of the bids were successful.
Legacy.
Hull Trains continued as a subsidiary of FirstGroup, being rebranded First Hull Trains in 2008. FirstGroup sold GB Railfreight to Eurotunnel in June 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20276231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276231" title="Jack Hall (architect)">
Jack Hall (architect)

"For other people with the name Jack Hall, see Jack Hall (disambiguation)"
John "Jack” Hughes Hall (1913–2003) was an American architect and industrial designer working in the Modernist style. Hall is best known for his residential works on Massachusetts' Cape Cod which were designed to nestle within, rather than overtake, the natural landscape. 
Hughes was born on Long Island. He graduated from Princeton University in 1935. Following graduation he worked as a freelance news reporter in Europe. Hall began visiting Cape Cod, Massachusetts in 1938, and immediately became fascinated by the landscape – enough to purchase an farm compound on Bound Brook Island (no longer an island) in Wellfleet from Katie Dos Passos, wife of the writer John Dos Passos. Following the U.S. entry in World War II Hall enlisted in the United States Army and was discharged honorably in 1946.
Hall and friends, Jack Phillips and Hayden Walling were three self-taught, designer-builders in Wellfleet who created a welcoming environment for European Modernists arriving in the mid-1940s. In 1946, Hall began a design-build practice in Wellfleet which he continued intermittently until he retired. Projects included the Peter’s Hill Restaurant building, the Hatch Cottage, and many studios, renovations, and additions. 
In 1956, Hall began working for a succession of New York City architectural firms including Nardin and Radoczy, Tom Lee Ltd., Hughes & Hood, and George Nelson and Company. His study of industrial design led to work on a number of major traveling exhibitions for the United States Information Agency including the exhibition "Graphics USA" in 1963 with Ivan Chermayeff (son of Serge Chermayeff). While with Hughes and Hood he designed many showrooms in the United States and Europe for the Fieldcrest Mills. 
In 1959, he spent four months in Moscow helping to assemble an installation titled "The Jungle Gym," George Nelson’s contribution to the American National Exhibition. Hill worked with Charles and Ray Eames on a light fixture in 1964 and designed a café table for the Museum of Modern Art’s restaurant. In 1957 Hill opened an office in New York City, and began simultaneously teaching at the Parsons School of Design’s industrial design department. During this period he worked on residential projects completing the design of many townhouse renovations including one for Serge Chermayeff and his wife Barbara Chermayeff.

</doc>
<doc id="20276236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276236" title="William B. Mitchell">
William B. Mitchell

William Mitchell (19 November 1832 - 21 August 1900) was a distinguished American lawyer and judge from Minnesota. He was the namesake of William Mitchell College of Law and father of William DeWitt Mitchell, U.S. Attorney General during the Hoover Administration.
Early life.
Mitchell was born to Scottish immigrants in Ontario, Canada near Niagara Falls, New York. He attended Jefferson College in Cannonsburg, Pennsylvania and graduated in 1853. In school, he befriended Eugene Wilson, a native of Morgantown, in present-day West Virginia. Wilson convinced Mitchell to return with him and study law under Wilson's father after graduation. Four years later, they completed their schooling and were admitted to the Virginia Bar. Instead of remaining in Virginia, however, the two headed west, settling in the city of Winona, then in the Territory of Minnesota. Over the next seventeen years, Mitchell served as a city council member, bank president, member of the Minnesota House of Representatives, and head of a newly incorporated railroad company. The latter position served him well in his judicial tenure, as the rapidly expanding borders of the United States brought accompanying changes in its corporate and commercial laws.
Judicial career.
In 1874, Mitchell was appointed to a judgeship in Minnesota's Third Judicial District. In 1881, he was appointed to the Minnesota Supreme Court. In his eighteen years on the court, he wrote more than 1,500 opinions, making huge contributions to the state's jurisprudence on issues such as negligence, state constitutional law and the common law of riparian rights and navigable waters. At one point, President Benjamin Harrison nominated Mitchell for an open seat on the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals, but he eventually withdrew from consideration. Mitchell won bipartisan support in the judicial elections of 1886 and 1892, but failed to win the Republican Party's nomination in 1898 and left the supreme court the following year. After it was incorporated into the U.S. as a protectorate, Mitchell was offered the position of Chief Justice of Puerto Rico. He turned it down. Instead, he was selected as the first Dean of the law school that would bear his name, William Mitchell College of Law (then the St. Paul College of Law), but he died from a stroke before taking the position.
Reputation.
Mitchell enjoyed a reputation as a great jurist in his day. He was well regarded in Minnesota and the country. In a letter to a friend in Minnesota, renowned Harvard Law Professor James Bradley Thayer wrote:
I have long recognized Judge Mitchell as one of the best judges in this country, and have come to know also the opinion held of him by lawyers competent to pass on an opinion on such a question . . . Pray do not allow your state to lose the services of such a man. To keep him on the bench is a service not merely to Minnesota, but to the whole country and to the law. Your state it is that is now on trial before the country. The question is: Can Minnesota appreciate such a man? Is it worthy to have him? I am not going to believe that a state which can command the services of one of the few judges in the country that stand out among their fellows as pre-eminent, that give it distinction, will refuse to accept these services.
Mitchell was also included in the two-volume "Great American Judges", a biographical compendium of the one hundred greatest state and federal judges in American history.

</doc>
<doc id="20276260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276260" title="Laura Molina (beach volleyball)">
Laura Molina (beach volleyball)

Laura Molina (born December 11, 1986) is a beach volleyball player from El Salvador, who represents his native country at the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. She also represented her home country at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games in Cartagena, Colombia, partnering Diana Romero.
She also played a the NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit in 2007, 2008 and 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20276277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276277" title="Rodeo Municipality">
Rodeo Municipality

Rodeo is one of the 39 municipalities of Durango, in north-western Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Rodeo. The municipality covers an area of 1,854.9 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 11,231. 

</doc>
<doc id="20276281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276281" title="Old Hall, Hurworth-on-Tees">
Old Hall, Hurworth-on-Tees


</doc>
<doc id="20276283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276283" title="Almelo de Riet railway station">
Almelo de Riet railway station

Almelo de Riet is a railway station located in Almelo, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 3 October 1926 and is located on the Almelo-Salzbergen railway line.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Almelo de Riet:

</doc>
<doc id="20276292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276292" title="Christopher Tennant">
Christopher Tennant

Christopher Tennant (born August 17, 1978) is an American magazine editor, artist, and author of "The Official Filthy Rich Handbook", published by Workman Publishing in June 2008.
Tennant graduated from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 2000 with degrees in political science and journalism. While at Madison, he served as Editor in Chief of the "Badger Herald", America's largest independent daily student newspaper. 
"The Official Filthy Rich Handbook"—a satirical guide to fitting in with America’s “top .0001 percent”—was pitched as a “quasi-sequel” to the best-selling 1980 classic "The Official Preppy Handbook", also published by Workman. It was excerpted in the June 2008 issue of "Vanity Fair", and received notice for its effusive blurbs by Tom Wolfe, Dominick Dunne, and P. J. O'Rourke, who called it "a paragon of naked wit."
After periods at "New York" magazine and "Talk", in 2003 Tennant co-founded "Radar" magazine and Radaronline.com, the irregular satirical pop culture magazine and web site. He left the magazine in February 2008 to finish work on his book. According to the "New York Post", Tennant coined the popular portmanteau "celebutard" as a "Page Six" freelancer in 2006.
From 2008 to 2010 he was the Executive Editor of "The Daily Front Row", a cheeky fashion glossy distributed at New York Fashion Week. He is currently a contributing editor at "Vanity Fair" and editor at large of "Playboy". 
In 2011, he launched a side career making Victorian-style aquatic dioramas. 

</doc>
<doc id="20276315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276315" title="San Luis del Cordero Municipality">
San Luis del Cordero Municipality

San Luis del Cordero is one of the 39 municipalities of Durango, in north-western Mexico. The municipal seat lies at San Luis del Cordero. The municipality covers an area of 543.9 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 2,013. 

</doc>
<doc id="20276339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276339" title="Pussyfoot (film)">
Pussyfoot (film)

Pussyfoot is a 2008 comedy film directed by Dusan Sekulovic.
Synopsis.
The film tells the story of a bristly-faced resident expat, Irwin, and his friends as they experience their second coming-of-age in New York City. For Irwin, there are “women” and then there are “girls”: women want to get married and girls just want to have fun. For the single Anny, there are three types of men: married, gay and idiots. Polish polka bars, confusing self-help books and a mythical hooker who never sleeps with her clients confound the friends’ American journey.
Cast.
The cast includes:
Awards and recognition.
The film screened at the 2008 Fort Lauderdale International Film Festival, was a 2008 Moondance International Film Festival Finalist and was named the Audience Award Feature Film at the 2008 Chashama Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20276349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276349" title="Automotive industry crisis of 2008–10">
Automotive industry crisis of 2008–10

The automotive industry crisis of 2008–2010 was a part of a global financial downturn. The crisis affected European and Asian automobile manufacturers, but it was primarily felt in the American automobile manufacturing industry. The downturn also affected Canada by virtue of the Automotive Products Trade Agreement.
The automotive industry was weakened by a substantial increase in the prices of automotive fuels linked to the 2003-2008 energy crisis which discouraged purchases of sport utility vehicles (SUVs) and pickup trucks which have low fuel economy. The popularity and relatively high profit margins of these vehicles had encouraged the American "Big Three" automakers, General Motors, Ford, and Chrysler to make them their primary focus. With fewer fuel-efficient models to offer to consumers, sales began to slide. By 2008, the situation had turned critical as the credit crunch placed pressure on the prices of raw materials.
Car companies from Asia, Europe, North America, and elsewhere have implemented creative marketing strategies to entice reluctant consumers as most experienced double-digit percentage declines in sales. Major manufacturers, including the Big Three and Toyota offered substantial discounts across their lineups. The Big Three faced criticism for their lineups, which were seen to be irresponsible in light of rising fuel prices. North American consumers turned to smaller, cheaper, more fuel-efficient imports from Japan and Europe.
Asia.
China.
In 2008, the Chinese government reduced automotive taxes in order to spur flagging sales. In January 2009, Chinese auto-manufacturer Chery reported unprecedented monthly sales. (See also Automobile industry in China)
India.
Citing falling production numbers, the State Bank of India reduced interest rates on automotive loans in February 2009.
For the first few months of 2009, Tata Motors conducted a widespread marketing campaign heralding the debut of the Tata Nano. Billed as "the people's car," the manufacturer hopes the low cost will encourage customers to purchase the vehicle despite the ongoing credit crisis.
Japan.
With high gas prices and a weak US economy in the summer of 2008, Toyota reported a double-digit decline in sales for the month of June, similar to figures reported by the Detroit Big Three. For Toyota, these were attributed mainly to slow sales of its Tundra pickup, as well as shortages of its fuel-efficient vehicles such as the Prius, Corolla and Yaris. In response, the company has announced plans to idle its truck plants, while shifting production at other facilities to manufacture in-demand vehicles. On December 22, 2008, Toyota declared that it expected the first time loss in 70 years in its core vehicle-making business. Loss of $1.7 billion, in its group operating revenue, would be its first operating loss since 1938 (Company was founded in 1937). Toyota saw its sales drop 33.9 percent and Honda Motor by 31.6 percent.
On 5 December 2008 Honda Motor Company announced that it would be exiting Formula One race with immediate effect due to the 2008 economic crisis and are looking to sell the team. Honda has predicted that there may be reductions among part-time and contract staff. Upper management bonuses would also be reassessed and directors in the company will take a 10 percent pay cut effective January 2009.
Nissan, another leading Japanese car manufacturer, announced that it also would be slashing production and will reduce its output by 80,000 vehicles in the first few months of 2009.
In December 2008, Suzuki, Japan's fourth biggest car manufacturer, announced that it will cut production in Japan by about 30,000 units due to falling demand. The company is expected to face its first profit drop in eight years for financial year ending in March 2009.
On 16 December 2008, Fuji Heavy Industries, Japan's largest transport equipment manufacturer and the maker of Subaru brand cars, announced that it would exiting World Rally Championship at the end of the 2008 championship, "this sudden decision was in response to the widespread economic downturn that is affecting the entire automotive industry", and came one day after competitor Suzuki exited the sport.
Reported in Bloomberg on December 23, 2008, that Mitsubishi Motors is to widen production cuts on falling demand. The Japanese maker of Outlander sport-utility vehicles, will scrap the night shifts at two domestic factories as the deepening global recession saps auto demand. The carmaker will halt the night shift at its Mizushima plant, excluding the minicar line. Nighttime work at the Okazaki factory will stop from February 2. The cuts are part of Mitsubishi's move to reduce planned output by 110,000 vehicles in the year ending March because of tumbling sales in Japan, the U.S. and Europe. Japan's vehicle sales may fall to the lowest in 31 years in 2009, according to the country's automobile manufacturers association. Mitsubishi will also halt production of passenger cars on every Friday next month at the Mizushima factory in western Japan. The Okazaki plant in central Japan will close every Saturday in January and for another five days.
Toyota, on December 22, 2008, slashed profit forecasts amid a sales slump. The Japanese automaker, often held up with Honda as a success story for the rest of the auto industry to follow, said it expected a slim profit margin of US$555 million for the year ending in March 2009. Toyota had originally been projecting a massive profit of $13.9 billion for that period. Their sales in the United States were down 34 per cent and were down 34 per cent in Europe as well. They expected a loss which would be the equivalent of about $2 billion (CDN)." Toyota President Katsuaki Watanabe said the impact on the company from the struggling global economy has been "faster, wider and deeper than expected." "The change that has hit the world economy is of a critical scale that comes once in a hundred years," Watanabe said, speaking in Nagoya.
Facing its first loss in nearly sixty years, Toyota sought loans from the Japanese government.
On November 4, 2009, Toyota announced its immediate withdrawal from Formula One, ending the team's involvement in the sport after eight seasons. See also 2009–2010 Toyota vehicle recalls.
South Korea.
Hyundai-Kia's continued success was unusual at a time when most automakers saw their sales falling sharply, with leading automaker GM even filing for bankruptcy. Hyundai-Kia took significant advantage of the prolonged automotive crisis by producing affordable yet high quality and well designed vehicles. Rapid globalization has seen state of the art factories being built in several countries including Slovakia, the United States and China. The manufacturing facilities have been geared-up to build products that are designed and engineered for local markets. The Kia cee'd is a leading example, being designed, developed and engineered in Germany and built in Slovakia.
Unlike others, this crisis turned into an opportunity for many South Korean automakers. Korean automaker Hyundai offered customers who have lost their jobs to return a new-car purchase for a refund. The continued growth and success is attributable to the country's fuel-efficient and well-equipped, yet affordable cars with generous warranties, such as the Kia Picanto, Kia cee'd and Hyundai i30, which attracted global consumers at a time of severe economic recession, rapidly rising oil prices and increasing environmental concerns. South Korean automakers therefore had a competitive advantage against expensive luxury vehicles and SUVs from US, Japanese and German automakers.
During the fourth quarter of 2008 to the first quarter of 2009, which was the height of this automotive crisis, the extremely weak South Korean won, especially against the US dollar and Japanese yen, significantly boosted the price competitiveness of South Korean exports in key markets. Another factor that helped maintain this momentum was an increasingly improving brand awareness, attributable to the introduction of the country's own luxury vehicles such as the Hyundai Genesis and Hyundai Genesis Coupe, which received highly positive awards in the press and reviews. Hyundai's brand grew by 9% in 2008, surpassing Porsche and Ferrari, while it used the Super Bowl football broadcast, the world's most expensive commercial air time, to promote the Hyundai brand in the United States.
Nonetheless, South Korean automakers were not completely immune to this automotive crisis and in December 2008 Hyundai Motor Company had begun reducing production at plants in the U.S., China, Slovakia, India and Turkey because of sluggish demand. The company missed an earlier projection of 4.8 million units for 2008 and announced a freeze of wages for administrative workers and shortened factory operations as demand weakens amid a global financial crisis.
South Korea's fourth largest automaker, SsangYong Motor, owned by the Chinese automobile manufacturer SAIC (Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation), is the worst affected company in this crisis as it manufactures mainly heavy petroleum consuming SUVs. The carmaker recorded its fourth straight quarterly losses by the end of 2008 with red ink of $20.8 million in the third quarter. Also during the July to September period, sales dropped 63 percent to 3,835 vehicles. Its production lines have been idle since December 17 as part of efforts to reduce its inventory. The automaker has halted production twice previously this year. In December 2008, SAIC gave an ultimatum to the SsangYong union to accept its restructuring plan or face the parent company's withdrawal, which, if implemented, would mean certain bankruptcy. A 70% share of "SsangYong" was acquired by India's Mahindra & Mahindra Limited in February 2011.
However, the South Korean Ministry of Knowledge Economy said that there will be no liquidity provision at the government level for five automakers - Hyundai, Kia, GM Daewoo, Samsung Renault and Ssangyong."We have no plans to inject liquidity into the carmakers," a ministry official said. "It has been repeatedly made clear."
Europe.
In Europe where car sales had also drastically decreased, consideration was being given to financial support for the automotive industry, particularly in France, Germany and Italy. German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier and Jean-Claude Juncker, Luxembourg's Prime Minister and head of the Eurogroup of single currency nations, discussed the possibility of a common rescue package to be agreed by all the EU member states.
France.
On November 20, 2008, French automobile manufacturer PSA Peugeot Citroen predicted sales volumes would fall by at least 10% in 2009, following a 17% drop in the current quarter. As a result, it planned to cut 2,700 jobs. On 11 February 2009, PSA announced it would cut 11,000 jobs world wide, however none of these are expected to be in France.
Renault announced a net profit for 2008 of 599 million euros for the 2008 financial year. This was a 78% drop in profits from the 2007 financial year. European sales fell 4% and world wide sales 7%, forcing Renault to abandon their 2009 growth targets. This however made Renault one of the few car makers to return a profit. Renault consistently struggled to return profits in the 1990s.
France/Germany.
On November 24, 2008, French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel agreed to support the crisis-stricken automobile industry in France and Germany. Detailed plans would be announced shortly.
Italy.
On December 16, 2008 Fiat in Italy announced that it will extend its temporary plant closures in Italy by a month; the Pomigliano d'Arco, the main plant for its Alfa Romeo cars will be shut for four weeks. However, on February 20, 2009, reacting to actions by the Italian government to stimulate the automotive sector, Fiat said its plant closures would be curtailed. The company also forecast that sales in Europe will drop by 14 percent in 2009.
On January 20, 2009 the company announced that it had entered into an agreement, subject to regulatory approvals, to acquire 35% of Chrysler. Fiat's 35% stake in Chrysler would not involve a conventional sale of shares, but would be achieved in return for allowing Chrysler to utilise some of Fiat's fuel efficient technologies (Chrysler's February submission to the U.S. government included a commitment to produce nine Fiat-derived vehicles over a four-year period starting in 2010, including four hybrid-electric and battery-electric models). Chrysler would be accorded access to Fiat's sales outlets in Europe, while in reciprocation Fiat will also gain access to Chrysler's dealership network in the U.S., where it is predicted smaller models such as the Fiat Grande Punto may be successful. In the past, Fiat has had trouble gaining a foothold in the American markets, whilst Chrysler has never held a strong market share in Europe since it sold its UK based Rootes Group and France based Simca to PSA Peugeot Citroen in the 1980s.
On January 22, 2009, Fiat announced a 19% drop in revenues in the last three months of 2008. Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said the government would meet to discuss the issue.
Russia.
Russia's automotive industry was hit hard by the Late 2000s recession, which started from United States. Production of passenger cars dropped from 1,470,000 units in 2008 to just 597,000 units in 2009. Lorry production fell from 256,000 to 91,000 in the same period.
In late 2008, the Russian government introduced protectionistic measures, worth $5 billion, to improve the situation in the industry. This included $2 billion's worth of bailouts for troubled companies and $3 billion credits to buyers of Russian cars. Prime minister Vladimir Putin described the move as vital in order to save jobs. The tariffs for imported foreign cars and trucks were increased to a minimum 50% and 100%, respectively. The tariffs are linked to engine size of the vehicle. The increased duties led to protests in Russian cities, most notably in Vladivostok, as the import of Japanese cars is an important sector of the city's economy.
The most efficient anti-crisis measure executed by the Russian government was the introduction of a car scrappage scheme in March 2010. Under the scheme, buyers of new cars can receive a subsidy which is 600,000 rubles ($20,000) at maximum. Sales of Russia's largest carmaker Avtovaz sales doubled in the second quarter of 2010 as a result, and the company returned to profit.
Spain.
Spanish automobile manufacturer SEAT (a subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group) cut production at its Martorell plant by 5% on 7 October 2008, due to a fall in general sales. This affected 750 employees and continued until July 2009. SEAT is still continuing to install solar panels in its Martorell plant near Barcelona.
Sweden.
On December 11, 2008, the Swedish government provided its troubled auto makers, Volvo and Saab, with support amounting to SEK 28 billion (3.5 billion USD). The two companies had requested assistance, faced with the financial difficulties of their U.S. owners Ford and General Motors. The plan consists of a maximum of SEK 20 billion in credit guarantees, and up to SEK 5 billion in rescue loans. On 18 February 2009 General Motors warned Saab may fail within ten days, should the Swedish government not intervene. On 20 February, an administrator was appointed to restructure Saab and assist in it becoming independent of its troubled parent General Motors. General Motors have confirmed their intention to sell their Swedish subsidiary, Saab. Of Sweden's 9 million population, 140,000 work in the car industry and they account for 15% of exports.
United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom, Jaguar Land Rover, now owned by Tata Motors, was seeking a $1.5 billion loan from the government to cope with the credit crisis.
On 22 December 2008, Tata declared that it would inject "tens of millions" of pounds into the company it had acquired from Ford Motor Corporation in early 2008. British Prime Minister Gordon Brown also stated the intention to help out car industry in U.K.
On 8 January 2009, Nissan UK announced it was to shed 1200 jobs from its Washington, Tyne and Wear factory in North East England due to the automotive industry crisis of 2008. This announcement was made, despite the plant recently being hailed as the most efficient in Europe.
General Motors UK subsidiary Vauxhall Motors, whose brand is the second most popular in the UK has two bases in the UK, a factory in Ellesmere Port, Cheshire and their headquarters and design and development centre in Luton, Bedfordshire. It is as yet unknown whether these plants will be affected by the GM cutbacks. The group along with their sister subsidiary, Opel of Germany, was supposed to be sold in their majority to Magna International, an Austro-Canadian company who supply many parts to large car companies, but General Motors cancelled the transaction.
UK bus manufacturer Optare received an order from Arriva in November 2008 for the manufacture of 53 buses in a contract worth over £6million, securing 500 jobs at the company's Assembly factory in Cross Gates, Leeds, West Yorkshire and the parts centre in Cumbernauld, North Lanarkshire.
UK Van and commercial vehicle manufacturer LDV Group asked the UK government for a £30 million bridging loan to facilitate a management buyout of the group. On the same day this was refused. LDV has since said it has a viable future and intends to become the first volume producer of electric vans should the management buyout take place. Production at LDV's factory in Birmingham, West Midlands (where it employed 850 staff) has been suspended since December 2008 due to falling demand. Eventually, no buyout materialised and LDV was declared defunct on 15 October 2009.
Along with several other countries, the UK government launched a "scrappage incentive scheme" in order to support the crisis stricken industry. Cars registered prior to 31 July 1999, later extended to 29 February 2000, were eligible to be scrap in exchange for a discount of £2000 on a new car, half of which was provided by the government and the other half by the dealer. The scheme came to an end on 31 March 2010.
North America.
Canada.
The Canadian auto industry is closely linked to the U.S., due to the Automotive Products Trade Agreement and later the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), and is in similar trouble.
United States.
The crisis in the United States is mainly defined by the government rescue of both General Motors and Chrysler. Ford secured a line of credit in case they require a bridging loan in the near future. Car sales declined in the United States, affecting both US based and foreign car manufacturers. The bridging loans led to greater scrutiny of the U.S. automotive industry in addition to criticism of their product range, product quality, high labour wages, job bank programs. The government-backed rescue of the American auto industry gained the support of a 56% of Americans in 2012 according a Pew Research Center poll.
While the "Big Three" U.S. market share declined from 70% in 1998 to 53% in 2008, global volume increased particularly in Asia and Europe. The U.S. auto industry was profitable in every year since 1955, except those years following U.S. recessions and involvement in wars. U.S. auto industry profits suffered from 1971-73 during the Vietnam War, during the recession in the late 1970s which impacted auto industry profits from 1981–83, during and after the Gulf War when industry profits declined from 1991–93, and during the Iraq War from 2001–03 and 2006-09. During these periods the companies incurred much legacy debt.
Facing financial losses, the Big Three have idled many factories and drastically reduced employment levels. GM spun off many of its employees in certain divisions into independent companies, including American Axle in 1994 and Delphi in 1999. Ford spun off Visteon in 2000. The spin-offs and other parts makers have shared Detroit's downturns, as have the U.S.-owned plants in Canada. Altogether the parts makers employ 416,000 people in the U.S. and Canada. General Motors alone is estimated to have lost $51 billion in the three years before the 2008 financial crisis began. GM is set to reacquire factories from its Delphi subsidiary during its Chapter 11 restructing.
The 2005 Harbour Report estimated that Toyota's lead in benefits cost advantage amounted to $350 US to $500 US per vehicle over North American manufacturers. The United Auto Workers agreed to a two-tier wage in recent 2007 negotiations, something which the Canadian Auto Workers has so far refused. Jared Bernstein, the chief economist of Vice President Joe Biden, noted in an interview with WWJ-AM in Detroit that most of the 2007 contract concessions apply only to new hires, while older workers "still benefit from contracts that were signed a long time ago." However, only 30% of parts used by the Big Three employ union labor, with 70% sourced from non-union labor.
Delphi, which was spun off from GM in 1999, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy after the UAW refused to cut their wages and GM is expected to be liable for a $7 billion shortfall.
In order to improve profits, the Detroit automakers made agreements with unions to reduce wages while making pension and health care commitments. GM, for instance, at one time picked up the entire cost of funding health insurance premiums of its employees, their survivors and GM retirees, as the U.S. did not have a universal health care system. With most of these plans chronically underfunded in the late 1990s, the companies have tried to provide retirement packages to older workers, and made agreements with the UAW to transfer pension obligations to an independent trust. Nonetheless, non-unionized Japanese automakers, with their younger American workforces (and far fewer American retirees) will continue to enjoy a cost advantage.
Despite the history of their marques, many long running cars have been discontinued or relegated to fleet sales, as GM, Ford and DaimlerChrysler shifted away resources from midsize and compact cars to lead the "SUV Craze". Since the late 1990s, over half of their profits have come from light trucks and SUVs, while they often could not break even on compact cars unless the buyer chose options. Ron Harbour, in releasing the Oliver Wyman’s 2008 Harbour Report, stated that many small “econoboxes” of the past acted as loss leaders, but were designed to bring customers to the brand in the hopes they would stay loyal and move up to more profitable models. The report estimated that an automaker needed to sell ten small cars to make the same profit as one big vehicle, and that they had to produce small and mid-size cars profitably to succeed, something that the Detroit three have not yet done. SUV sales peaked in 1999 but have not returned to that level ever since, due to higher gas prices.
In the case of Chrysler Corporation, compact and mid-sized vehicles such as the Dodge Neon, Dodge Stratus and Chrysler Cirrus were produced profitably during the 1990s concurrently with more profitable larger vehicles. However, following the DaimlerChrysler merger in 1998, there was a major cost-cutting operation at the company. The result was the lowering of benchmarked standards for Chrysler to aim at. This directly led to the following in Chrysler's case. There was realignment of the Chrysler Group model range with those of GM and Ford (i.e. a skew towards larger vehicles).
The Detroit Big Three had been slower to bring new vehicles to the market compared with foreign competitors. The Big Three have battled initial quality perceptions in spite of reports showing improvements.
Falling sales resulted in the Big Three's plants operating below capacity. GM's plants were operating at 85% in November 2005, well below the plants of its Asian competitors, and was only maintained by relying on cash incentives and subsidized leases. Rebates, employee pricing, and 0% financing boosted sales but drained the automaker's cash reserves. The subprime mortgage crisis and high oil prices of 2008 caused the popularity of once best-selling trucks and SUVs to plummet. Automakers were forced to continue offering heavy incentives to help clear excess inventory. Due to the declining residual value of their vehicles, Chrysler and GM stopped offering leases on a most of their vehicles in 2008.
In September 2008, the Big Three asked for $50 billion to pay for health care expenses and avoid bankruptcy and ensuing layoffs, and Congress worked out a $25 billion loan. By December, President Bush had agreed to an emergency bailout of $17.4 billion to be distributed by the next administration in January and February. In early 2009, the prospect of avoiding bankruptcy by General Motors and Chrysler continued to wane as new financial information about the scale of the 2008 losses came in. Ultimately, poor management and business practices forced Chrysler and General Motors into bankruptcy. Chrysler filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on May 1, 2009 followed by General Motors a month later.
On June 2, GM Motors announced the sale of the Hummer brand of off-road vehicles to Sichuan Tengzhong Heavy Industrial Machinery Company Ltd., a machinery company in western China, a deal which later fell through.
Effects of environmental expectations and changing product demand.
Environmental politics and related concerns regarding carbon emissions have heightened sensitivity to gas mileage standards and environmental protection worldwide. In a 2007 edition of his book "An Inconvenient Truth", Al Gore criticized the Big Three. "They keep trying to sell large, inefficient gas-guzzlers even though fewer and fewer people are buying them." For example, Japan requires autos to achieve of gasoline and China requires . The European Union requires by 2012. By comparison, U.S. autos are required to achieve only presently. Other nations have adopted standards that are increasing mpg requirements in the future. When California raised its own standards, the auto companies sued.
The Big Three received funding for a $25 billion government loan during October 2008 to help them re-tool their factories to meet new fuel-efficiency standards of at least by 2020. The $25 billion in loans from the Department of Energy to the auto manufacturers were actually authorized by Congress early this year but not funded. Automakers could use these loans to "equip or establish facilities to produce ‘advanced technology vehicles’ that would meet certain emissions and fuel economy standards; component suppliers could borrow funds to retool or build facilities to produce parts for such vehicles."
Effect of 2008 oil price shock and economic crisis.
In 2008, a series of damaging blows drove the Big Three to the verge of bankruptcy. The Big Three had in recent years manufactured SUVs and large pickups, which were much more profitable than smaller, fuel-efficient cars. Manufacturers made 15% to 20% profit margin on an SUV, compared to 3% or less on a car. When gasoline prices rose above $4 per gallon in 2008, Americans stopped buying the big vehicles and Big Three sales and profitability plummeted. 
The financial crisis played a role, as GM was unable to obtain credit to buy Chrysler. Sales fell further as consumer credit tightened and it became much harder for people with average or poor credit to obtain a bank loan to buy a car. During 2007, nearly 2 million new U.S. cars were purchased with funds from home equity loans. Such funding was considerably less available in 2008. In addition, stock prices fell as shareholders worried about bankruptcy; GM's shares fell below 1946 levels. Furthermore, the instability of the job market and individual consumers' finances discourages consumers who already have a working vehicle from taking on a new loan and payments, which affected almost all major manufacturers.
The annual capacity of the industry is 17 million cars; sales in 2008 dropped to an annual rate of only 10 million vehicles made in the U.S. and Canada. All the automakers and their vast supplier network account for 2.3% of the U.S. economic output, down from 3.1% in 2006 and as much as 5% in the 1990s. Some 20% of the entire national manufacturing sector is still tied to the automobile industry. The transplants can make a profit when sales are at least 12 million; the Big Three when sales are at least 15 million.
By December 19, 2008, oil prices had fallen to $33.87 per barrel, but the automobile crisis continued.

</doc>
<doc id="20276351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276351" title="San Pedro del Gallo Municipality">
San Pedro del Gallo Municipality

San Pedro del Gallo is one of the 39 municipalities of Durango, in north-western Mexico. The municipal seat lies at San Pedro del Gallo. The municipality covers an area of 2,008.3 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 1,486. 

</doc>
<doc id="20276354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276354" title="Carrington Power Station">
Carrington Power Station

Carrington Power Station (now also sometimes known as Partington Power Station) refers to a now demolished coal-fired power station, built at the meeting of the Manchester Ship Canal and the River Mersey in Trafford, Greater Manchester in North West England. Construction of a Combined Cycle Gas Turbine power station, on the same site, is currently underway.
History.
Background.
The station's site, on the south-east bank of the point where the River Mersey runs into the Manchester Ship Canal, was acquired by Manchester Corporation in 1916 as an alternative site for Barton Power Station, but was never developed. The construction of a power station on the site did not occur until after the Second World War. The Manchester Corporation Electricity Department began planning the station in 1947. Planning was continued by the British Electricity Authority, following the nationalisation of the industry in 1948. It was initially planned for the site to comprise two stations; an A station and a B station. Each station was to have a capacity of 240 megawatts (MW), a total capacity of 480 MW over the site, but only the A station was built.
Construction, design and specification.
Because the station's site was surrounded by water on two sides, its strata was variable and so all of the buildings' foundations were piled. Approximately 7,850 piles were made, all of reinforced concrete construction, with an average length of and with a load of 50 tonnes per pile. The station's main buildings consisted of a turbine hall, boiler house and a pair of chimneys. Other structures included workshops, storage areas, a canteen and office block buildings. The approximate dimensions of the main buildings measured by . 10,300 tonnes of steel was used in the main buildings' steel frame, erection of which began in November 1949, and the construction of the superstructure beginning in December 1950. The steel frame was clad with brick, while copings and cills were made from artificial stone. The station had granolithic flooring, but the turbine hall and boiler room floors were tiled. The roofs were made from reinforced concrete with glass glazing. Two elevators were provided, to give access to all floors. The station's two chimneys were each high and of brick construction. Ten million bricks were used in the construction of the station.
Commissioning of the station's first generating set took place in 1953. All of the station's generating sets were commissioned by 1956. The station was officially opened by Sir William Walker on 20 July 1956. By then, the British Electricity Authority had become the Central Electricity Authority. This in turn became the Central Electricity Generating Board in 1957.
The station generated electricity using four 60 megawatt (MW) Metropolitan-Vickers turbo-alternators, giving the station a total generating capacity of 240 MW. Steam for the generators was provided by seven boilers. Boilers no. 1 to 4 were produced by Babcock & Wilcox, and boilers no. 5 to 7 by John Brown Land Boilers. The latter were the first made by this company to be commissioned by the Central Electricity Authority.
Later history.
Initially the station operated at base load, and maintained a good load factor into the middle of its life. Between 1984 and 1985 the station broke its own output records. In the final years of its operating life it retained a high availability, to meet the peaks of winter evening electricity demands. After the United Kingdom's electric supply industry was privatised in 1990, the station was operated by PowerGen. It continued generating electricity until it was closed in 1991, and was demolished several years later.
Future use of site.
A gas-fired Combined Cycle Gas Turbine power station is to be built on the station's site. Bridestone Developments have planned a £500 million station, capable of generating 860MW of electricity, enough power to supply half a million homes. Irish utility company ESBI purchased an 85% stake in the project from Carlton Power in September 2008. It is expected that the station will be able to have Carbon Capture and Storage facilities, when the technology is viable. The station will also be a combined heat and power plant, capable of providing nearby businesses with steam if they require a supply. Bridestone were granted planning permission to build the station by the Department of Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform in July 2008. This meant the plans were not subject to approval from Trafford Council. Its construction is expected to begin in late 2009 or early 2010. It will provide 600 construction jobs, with construction expected to take two years. Fifty permanent jobs will be provided upon the completion of the station in 2013. There had previously been plans to build a smaller power station on the site, but these have since been replaced by the current plans. The project was officially launched on 23 January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20276388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276388" title="Súchil Municipality">
Súchil Municipality

Súchil is one of the 39 municipalities of Durango, in north-western Mexico. The municipal seat lies at San Pedro del Gallo. The municipality covers an area of .
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 6,928. 

</doc>
<doc id="20276397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276397" title="Shanana">
Shanana

Shanana may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20276410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276410" title="List of works by Caspar David Friedrich">
List of works by Caspar David Friedrich

This is an incomplete list of works by the German Romantic artist Caspar David Friedrich (1774–1840) by completion date where known. Friedrich was a prolific artist who produced over 500 attributed works; however, he is generally known for only a small number of works seen as emblems of Romanticism.
In line with Romantic ideals of the time, Friedrich intended that his paintings would function visually only, and thus he was cautious that the titles given to his work were not overly descriptive or evocative. It is likely that some of today's relatively literal titles, such as "The Stages of Life", were not given by the artist himself, but were instead adopted during one of the revivals of interest in the artist during the late 19th or early 20th century.
Complications arise when dating Friedrich's work, mainly because he often did not directly name or date his canvases. However, he kept a carefully detailed notebook on his output, which has been used by scholars to tie paintings to their completion dates.

</doc>
<doc id="20276412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276412" title="International Chamber of Shipping">
International Chamber of Shipping

The International Chamber of Shipping is the world's principal shipping organisation, representing around 80% of the world’s merchant tonnage; through membership of national shipowners' associations, concerned with all regulatory, operational and legal issues.
A major ICS activity is at the United Nations agency with responsibility for the safety of life at sea and the protection of the marine environment, the International Maritime Organization.
ICS is unique in that unlike other international shipping trade associations it represents the global interests of all the different trades in the industry: bulk carrier operators, tanker operators, passenger ship operators and container liner trades, including shipowners and third party ship managers.
ICS has consultative status with a number of intergovernmental bodies which have an impact on shipping, these include: the World Customs Organization, the International Telecommunications Union, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, and the World Meteorological Organization. The ICS also has close relationships with industry organisations representing different maritime interests such as shipping, ports, pilotage, the oil industry, insurance and classification societies responsible for the surveying of ships.
Relocation to the Baltic Exchange.
In October 2011, the International Chamber of Shipping left office space on Carthusian Street, near the Barbican Estate, owned by the UK Chamber of Shipping and moved to the Baltic Exchange on St Mary Axe.

</doc>
<doc id="20276424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276424" title="Topia Municipality">
Topia Municipality

Topia is one of the 39 municipalities of Durango, in north-western Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Topia. The municipality covers an area of 1,617.8 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 7,984. 

</doc>
<doc id="20276446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276446" title="Diversity University">
Diversity University

Diversity University was the first MOO dedicated specifically for educational use. Like other MUDs, it was an online realm that allowed people to interact in real time by connecting to a central server, assuming a virtual identity within that realm, "teleporting" (in other words, transporting your character) or "walking" to virtual rooms, and holding text-based conversations with everyone else who had entered the same virtual room. The MOO server kept track of which characters were in each virtual "room," so that the comments of each character would be sent back to the computers of every other person whose character was "in" the same virtual "room." What distinguished Diversity University from other MOOs was its central structuring metaphor as a virtual university campus, as well as its pioneering use for actual online classes.
History and Purpose of Diversity University.
Diversity University was created in summer 1993 by its founder (and original "arch-wizard"), Jeanne McWhorter, then a sociology graduate student at the University of Houston. In an interview with a reporter, she described her initial purpose in creating the online educational environment: "It all began when I got interested in getting social workers online. . . . Social workers all tend to be computerphobes - part of it is that we have it in our mind that computers dehumanize. I think computers do anything but - I think people are much more open and willing to talk about themselves when they're online." Quittner continues, "McWhorter figured that Diversity University would be a way to attract educators and students to computing as a communications medium." The overarching idea was a virtual, online university space, allowing teachers and students to interact in real time. Diversity University was originally hosted on a server at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, although it moved to two other server environments during its life, since it often struggled for financial support and institutional backing. Its final homes were Marshall University and the University of Wisconsin - Parkside.
Diversity University did not charge any hosting fees to faculty members and other educators who brought classes onto the MOO. Because the text-based interface required minimal computing resources for people to access the MOO, Diversity University espoused an egalitarian mission, which they articulated on their Web site: "The mission of Diversity University is to develop, support and maintain creative and innovative environments and tools for teaching, learning and research through the Internet and other distributed computing systems, and to guide and educate people in the use of these and other tools, to foster collaboration in a synergistic climate, and to explore and utilize applications of emerging technology to these ends in a manner friendly to people who are disabled, geographically isolated or technologically limited".
Structure of Diversity University.
Although MOOs are virtual spaces - basically computer objects in a database - they are usually organized around a central spatial metaphor. For Diversity University, that metaphor was a physical university campus, with buildings that represented the various subject fields of the participants on DU, along with other types of buildings that you might find on a typical university campus. In his master's thesis on "Design in Virtual Environments Using Architectural Metaphor," Dace A. Campbell used Diversity University's campus as an example of virtual architecture; one can still see DU's "campus" structure as Figure 1.3 in that thesis.
Guests who connected to Diversity University landed in a "room" in the "Student Union," in a kind of orientation space, while registered characters would land in whatever "room" was their virtual home in that environment. Once in a room, characters could use various commands to navigate around the virtual space. For example, they could type "out" to exit from the room to an adjoining room or hallway, and they could also use the cardinal directions (n, s, e, w) to "move" in those directions from room to room, building to street, street to connected street, and also into other virtual buildings on the campus. When creating "rooms," therefore, people who had building rights on the MOO were encouraged to use the appropriate version of the command (@dig) so that they would create not a free-floating, unconnected room, but a room that was joined to another room (or hallway), in the appropriate virtual building, allowing users to "walk" around the MOO. A variety of other commands, ranging from basic to advanced, were also supported.
Because the overarching structure was metaphorical, characters and guests on the MOO had the "magical" ability to "teleport" (or jump) from a room in one virtual building to another room "somewhere else" by using commands such as @go (to go to a room by its object number or name) and @join (to join another character in a room). Rooms could be open or locked, to allow (or prevent) people from joining other characters in that virtual space. Programmers on the MOO could also create "virtual objects" that had the ability to move characters from room to room, such as virtual cars, a magical tour globe that provided you with a guided tour of English-related rooms in the environment (programmed by one of Diversity University's "wizards," Ulf Kastner), and a Points of Interest Board that served as a kind of portal to every site listed on the board, among others. Many of these features have been incorporated into newer, three-dimensional versions of Multi-User Virtual Environments, such as Second Life.
Sample Educational Projects.
Josh Quittner's March 1994 article about Diversity University described one of the first uses of DU as a space to hold actual university classes. In Spring 1994, Leslie Harris (then an assistant professor at Susquehanna University) and Cynthia Wambeam (working as a composition instructor at the University of Wyoming) paired their English composition classes and held inter-class discussions of shared readings within Diversity University. Because the MOO environment was text-based, it offered students practice in articulating ideas in writing, which was reinforced in an inter-class LISTSERV. Harris and Wambeam discussed their experience and its effect on student writing skills in an article in Computers and Composition.
Because the MOO created a virtual reality by describing its environment, it provided an excellent space for reenactments of literary texts, in which visitors can be "immersed" in the world of the novel or fictional work. One such project was a recreation of Dante's Inferno (the first book of Dante's Divine Comedy), also by students in courses taught by Leslie Harris. Students recreated some of the circles of Hell within the MOO, populated with virtual robots that could interact with one another and with visitors to the site. Since the rooms were interconnected, visitors could go down from level to level, experiencing parts of Dante and Virgil's journey. The fifth circle of hell was depicted virtually by students in Professor Harris' course.
Two similar projects on Diversity University were an interactive version of The Waste Land by T. S. Eliot, with rooms in the MOO world reflecting sections of Eliot's poem, and a "MOO Bedford" created by R. J. LaRoe that allowed visitors to the MOO to explore the world of Moby-Dick. Various English-related educational projects existed on the MOO.
Educators in other fields brought students to Diversity University, taking advantage of the close fit between Constructivist teaching methods and the MOO environment. For example, Professor Tom Danford of West Virginia Northern Community College taught a microbiology course within the MOO environment. As Dick Banks explains, "The constructivist assignments Professor Danford's microbiology course include a student microscope slide set, an instructional object of some sort, and participation in a group project. The group projects are separate rooms, each devoted to a specific disease or pathogen. Students were divided into three member groups and the disease/organism was assigned in the beginning of the semester. At the end of the term, each group will present its room and contents to the class." When you visit a room in a MOO, you see its description as you enter the room, and you can also create virtual objects in a room that themselves can be described. In a room that is supposed to represent a bacterium or other pathogen, students need to describe the features of the room in very specific detail, so that the room is scientifically accurate. The students are thus learning in a creative way the structure of the organism they are studying, while indirectly teaching that structure to anyone who visits the room and more directly to their fellow students in the course.
A team run by Marcus Speh ran a course on "Object-oriented programming using C++". This course had about 80 registrants and ran over about 8 weeks. Its value was recognised by a "Best of the Web" award in WWW1 in 1994 [http://botw.org/1994/awards/educate.html]
Another notable project on DU was the Librarians' Online Support Team (LOST), led by Isabel Danforth, which held professional development workshops within the MOO environment for librarians who were trying to understand the growing significance of the Internet to librarianship. In an announcement for one of those workshops, Danforth explained the purpose of the group and the significance of Diversity University as a platform for such collaborations:
The Librarian's On-Line Support Team (L.O.S.T.) is an organization that
is coordinated by a steering committee consisting of academic, research,
public, and K- 12 librarians from wide-spread locations. The group provides
space for librarians, many of whom are being thrust into cyberspace with
minimal training and support, to get both formal and informal instruction
and mentoring. Librarians with various levels of background can meet to
share ideas and experiences informally. The group is currently based at
the virtual campus of Diversity University, a cyberspace location that
offers both real-time and delayed interaction via computer and currently
supports over 4,000 educators and students world-wide. Information about
L.O.S.T. and its programs can be found at:
 http://admin.gnacademy.org:8001/~lost
LOST epitomized Diversity University's ability to foster collaboration among educators, which was one of Jeanne McWhorter's original purposes in creating the environment. Other initiatives included an online biology conference held simultaneously on Diversity University MOO and BioMOO, and a bilignual recreation of El Paso and Ciudad Juárez within the MOO environment, demonstrating the usefulness of the environment for foreign language education. Realizing the special importance of the immersive experience of visiting a MOO, foreign-language educators created other MOO spaces entirely in those target languages.
Educational Tools in the MOO.
Because faculty members at universities were holding class sessions on DU MOO, the MOO wizards developed objects that provided some typical classroom capabilities. For example, faculty members on the MOO could use a "Generic Slide Projector" to "project" a series of text "slides" to everyone in the room, which allowed faculty members to give "pre-recorded" instructions to students, without having to type those instructions on the spot. An object called a $note (basically, a kind of text file) could be created to work like a blackboard. When students entered a room (for example, a separate room for small-group discussions), students could "read" the blackboard, which would give them questions to discuss or instructions on what to do during the class time. If faculty members wanted to record the discussions that took place in a room, they could use a "Generic Recording Device" to create a transcript of the session, for later review. Although similar tools have now been incorporated into Learning Management Systems, Multi-User Virtual Environments, and other programs for online conferencing, some of those tools were subject to the criticisms leveled by Tari Fanderclai, who asserted that faculty using new pedagogical environments like a MOO should adapt their teaching techniquest to take advantage of the special possibilities of the MOO, rather than trying to make a MOO more like a traditional classroom.
The online teaching tools did help faculty members conduct their classes within the decentralized and potentially chaotic MOO world, and they reveal as well the power and flexibility of the Object-oriented programming environment. Faculty members did not need to possess programming skills to create objects within the MOO world that performed significant functions. If they wanted an object on which they could write notes, comparable to a course blackboard, they could create an object of that class, which would inherit all the features of the parent object. If they wanted a Generic Recording Device to record the student discussions that went on in the room, they could issue a relatively simple command (for example, @create #2978 named MyRecorder), which would create for them an object with those desired features. Faculty pioneers using the MOO could create lists of MOO help sheets — for example, MOO Help and Policy Texts, and the Composition in Cyberspace Project — making it easier for other faculty to use the environment. That cooperative spirit of users helping one another out — the recognition that "everyone was once a newbie is, a new user of the technology" — informed Diversity University MOO. Its shared, collaborative, highly social environment made it an early example (along with other MOOs) of a Social network service, with a kind of network effect that resembled later Web 2.0 environments.
Closing.
"Diversity University" shut down in 2006. Its domain name, codice_1, was allowed to expire on October 26, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20276453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276453" title="Joseph Neubauer">
Joseph Neubauer

Joseph Neubauer, born in Israel on October 19,1941 is an American businessman and the former CEO of Aramark Corporation. Before joining Aramark, he served as vice-president at PepsiCo and Chase Manhattan Bank. Neubauer is listed at #82 on Fortune's top paid CEO list. As a CEO he was able to lead Aramark to a successful fiscal year in 2010, generating around 12.6 billion dollars in revenue.

</doc>
<doc id="20276517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276517" title="Jean Cassou">
Jean Cassou

Jean Cassou (9 July 1897 – 19 January 1986) was a French writer, art critic, poet and member of the French Resistance during World War II.
Biography.
Jean Cassou was born at Deusto, near Bilbao, (Spain). His father was French (with a Mexican mother) and his mother Milagros Ibañez Pacheco was from Andalucia (Spain). 
His father, who had the prestigious degree "Ingénieur des Arts et Manufactures", died when Jean was only sixteen. His mother gave Jean and his sister basic Spanish culture, and he learnt French and Spanish classics side by side at school. Jean did secondary studies at the Lycée Charlemagne while providing for the needs of his family, then began study for the "Licence d'espagnol" (Spanish) degree at the Faculty of Letters in Paris. This he followed in 1917 and 1918 by getting a Masters degree at the Bayonne Lycée and, though interrupted many times, was not mobilised in World War I. He was Secretary to Pierre Louÿs, writing from 1921 to 1929 his monthly chronicle "Spanish Letters" in the cultural magazine "Le Mercure de France" (of which he was editor). He became in 1923 the writer for the Ministry of State Education and in 1926 published his first novel.
In 1932 Jean Cassou became an inspector of historic monuments. In 1934 he became a member of the Vigilance Committee of anti-fascist intellectuals and director from 1936 of the review "Europe". In 1936 he was a member of the cabinet of Jean Zay, Minister of State Education and of the Art-schools of the Popular front. He was then in favour of the Spanish Republic and socialism, and approached the communist party – but broke with then in 1939 at the time of the Germano-Soviet pact. On the approach of the German army, he went to the castle at Compiègne and devoted himself to the safeguard of the national heritage.
Relieved of his post as conservator at the Museum of Modern Art by the Vichy régime, he joined the Resistance in September 1940, writing its first leaflets. Among his friends who shared his views were Claude Aveline and Agnès Humbert and they founded the clandestine group the Groupe du musée de l'Homme, together with Boris Vildé, Anatole Lewitsky and Paul Rivet. With Claude Aveline, Agnès Humbert, Simone Martin-Chauffier and Marcel Abraham, he drafted the group's periodical called "Résistance" (six numbers between December 1940 and March 1941). When many members of the group were arrested, he escaped the Gestapo and took refuge at Toulouse. He was agent of the "Bertaux group" in August 1941, was arrested in December for his activities at the Musée de l'Homme and sentenced to a year in a Vichy prison where he composed in his head, there being no possibility of writing anything down, his "Thirty-three sonnets composed in secret", which were published in 1944 under the pseudonym of "Jean Noir".
Freed after a year in prison, he was sent by the ST to an internment camp at Saint-Sulpice (Tarn). After a month, following a plea from the Resistance to the director of ST, he was released in June 1943 and continued his active work for the Resistance using the pseudonyms "Alain" and Fournier". He became inspector of the southern zone. The provisional government of the French Republic in Algeria named him in June 1944 as Commissioner of the Republic for the Toulouse Region. In August, at the time of the liberation of the town, his car met an armed German patrol: two of his companions were killed and he was left for dead. He spent three weeks in a coma. General Charles de Gaulle came to his bedside to present him with the Croix de la Libération. Though his job was replaced he kept the title, but resigned after convalescing for a year. 
In 1945 Jean Cassou regained his post as Chief of Conservation at the national museums, a post he kept until 1965. In 1971 he received the "Grand Prix national des Lettres" and in 1983 the "grand Prix de la Société des Gens de Lettres" for the whole of his work. He died on 18 January 1986 and is buried in the Cimetière de Thiais, near Paris. He was a militant activist for the Peace Movement and brother-in-law of the philosopher Vladimir Jankélévitch. A bronze bust by Madeleine de Tézenas is in the Place de la Résistance in Toulouse.

</doc>
<doc id="20276520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276520" title="Apeldoorn De Maten railway station">
Apeldoorn De Maten railway station

Apeldoorn De Maten is a railway station located in Apeldoorn, The Netherlands. The station was opened on 10 December 2006 and is located on the Amsterdam–Zutphen railway ("Oosterspoorweg") between Apeldoorn and Zutphen. The services are operated by Arriva.
Facilities.
The station has a single track line, with one platform. In front of the station is a car park and cycle parking. The following bus services also stop near the station.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Apeldoorn De Maten:

</doc>
<doc id="20276527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276527" title="Carmen Everts">
Carmen Everts

Carmen Everts (born 12 April 1968 in Wilhelmshaven) is a German politician, political scientist and civil servant, a former member of the Parliament of Hesse for the Social Democratic Party of Germany, and an expert on political extremism. In 2009, she was appointed by the government of Hesse as head of department at the Hessian State Agency for Civic Education, responsible for research on the communist dictatorship in East Germany and demographic research.
Everts studied law and political science, and earned a doctoral degree in political science in 1999. In her doctoral thesis, she analyzed political extremism in the far-right party Die Republikaner (REP) and the far-left party Partei des Demokratischen Sozialismus (PDS, now Die Linke). Her doctoral supervisor was Eckhard Jesse.
Carmen Everts has been a member of the SPD since 1989, and was chair of the local party in Kreis Groß-Gerau from 2003 to 2008. She was employed by the SPD in Hesse from 1999 until her election to parliament, from 2003 as a scientific adviser to the parliamentary group of the SPD.
In the Hesse state election, 2008, she was elected to the Parliament of Hesse.
On 3 November 2008, Everts declared, together with fellow MPs Silke Tesch, Jürgen Walter and Dagmar Metzger, that she would not support Andrea Ypsilanti as Prime Minister of Hesse, in a planned election. Ypsilanti, chair of SPD in Hesse, was supposed to form a government with support of the leftist extremist party Die Linke, the successor of the East German communist party. Everts stated her decision was based on her aversion to the party Die Linke, which she said has "extremist" elements. She has criticized the party Die Linke of having a "divided, negative attitude towards democracy and the rule of law". Without the support of her parliamentary group, Ypsilanti gave up her bid to become Prime Minister, leading to new elections in 2009.
Carmen Everts did not run for another term as a member of parliament in the 2009 election. She returned to her job as a scientific adviser to the SPD parliamentary group, before she was appointed as head of department at the Hessian State Agency for Civic Education in 2009.
Everts went to school with Jürgen Walter, the former vice chair of SPD in Hesse.
In 2010, she left the socialdemocratic party. 

</doc>
<doc id="20276531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276531" title="Irv Anderson">
Irv Anderson

Irvin Neil "Irv" Anderson (June 18, 1923 – November 17, 2008) was a Minnesota politician and member of the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1965 to 1983, and again from 1991 to 2007.
From International Falls, Anderson entered politics at approximately the same time that he was elected union president at the M & O Paper Company, the International Falls paper mill where he worked. A Democrat, he represented the old District 64 and 64B and, later, District 3A. The sprawling district included all or portions of Beltrami, Itasca, Koochiching, Lake of the Woods and St. Louis counties in the northern part of the state.
Anderson served as majority leader of the House from 1973 to 1981, and again, briefly, in 1993 before becoming Speaker of the House in September 1993, a position he held until 1997. He continued to serve in the legislature until 2007, opting not to run for re-election in 2006 due to health concerns.
Anderson fought in World War II as a United States Navy pilot from 1942 to 1945, earning the Air Medal for his performance. The Air Medal is awarded to any person who, while serving in any capacity in or with the Armed Forces of the United States, distinguishes themselves by meritorious achievement while participating in aerial flight. He also helped create Minnesota's memorial to World War II veterans.
Anderson died at Mercy Hospital in Coon Rapids on November 17, 2008. He was buried in St. Thomas Aquinas Catholic Cemetery in International Falls. On April 15, 2009, Governor Tim Pawlenty approved a bill designating U.S. Highway 53 from Virginia to International Falls as the Irv Anderson Memorial Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="20276532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276532" title="RIBO">
RIBO

RIBO can stand for:
Ribo is the nickname of football player Rivaldo
ribo- is a combining form referring to the sugar ribose or some compound with a ribose component, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20276547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276547" title="Joint Munitions Command">
Joint Munitions Command

The Joint Munitions Command (JMC) is the latest in a series of commands since World War II that have managed the nation's ammunition plants. Since 1973, those commands have been headquartered on Rock Island Arsenal.
Brig. Gen. Kristin K. French commands the JMC. The headquarters on Rock Island Arsenal is responsible for munitions production (ammunition plants) and storage (depots) facilities in 16 states. JMC employs 20 military, over 5800 civilians and 8300 contractor personnel. Of these approximately 14,000 personnel, more than 650 work in the headquarters on Rock Island Arsenal. JMC has an annual budget of 1.2 billion dollars.
JMC provides bombs and bullets to America's fighting forces – all services, all types of conventional ammo from 2,000-pound bombs to rifle rounds. JMC manages plants that produce more than 1.6 billion rounds of ammunition annually and the depots that store the nation's ammunition for training and combat. It is responsible for the management and accountability of $26 billion of conventional munitions and stores $39 billion of missiles.
The JM&L LCMC is one of four life cycle management commands in the Army. Its role is to integrate significant elements of acquisition, logistics, and technology, fostering a closer relationship between the JMC, Program Executive Office-Ammunition and the Army Research Development and Engineering Center. The JM&L LCMC, headquartered at Picatinny Arsenal, New Jersey, and has a 10-person staff that integrates the efforts of PEO-Ammunition, JMC, and ARDEC.
JMC has a partnership with the ARDEC and PEO-Ammunition to manage ammunition over its life cycle. ARDEC, which is headquartered in New Jersey and has an office on Rock Island Arsenal, is the research and development arm. PEO-Ammunition and its project managers are the ammunition life cycle managers and are responsible for acquisition of ammunition. JMC manages the ammunition plants and has the responsibility for storing and shipping the ammunition to wherever in the world it is needed. JMC is the logistics arm of the JM&L LCMC.
JMC Locations.
JMC operates a nationwide network of installations and facilities where conventional ammunition is produced and stored.
Production and Storage
Production
Storage
Training and Special Services
While all JMC facilities are government-owned, contractors operate the 10 production-only facilities and Hawthorne Army Depot.
BRAC.
The following installations closed on or before 2011 as part of the 2005 Base Realignment and Closure Commission findings

</doc>
<doc id="20276570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276570" title="Dice (horse)">
Dice (horse)

Dice (1925–1927) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred by Harry Payne Whitney, he was purchased as a yearling by Gladys Mills Phipps who raced him under her Wheatley Stable banner.
After making a winning debut in an overnight race at Jamaica Racetrack in New York, Dice went on to win four straight important races for his age group. After a one mile workout at Saratoga Race Course in preparation for the following weeks Saratoga Special Stakes, Dice suddenly began bleeding from the nostrils and died.
Dice was retrospectively voted co-winner with Reigh Count as the American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt for 1927, an award won by his sire Dominant in 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="20276580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276580" title="Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award">
Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award

The Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award is the highest recognition given by the U.S. Government to employers for their support of their employees who serve in the National Guard and Reserve. To be eligible for the award, an employer must be nominated by one of its Guard or Reserve employees, or a family member of that employee.
The Freedom Award was instituted in 1996 by then-Secretary of Defense William Perry under the auspices of the National Committee for Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve (ESGR). ESGR is a Department of Defense agency established in 1972 whose mission, according to its Web site, is to “gain and maintain employer support for Guard and Reserve service by recognizing outstanding support, increasing awareness of the law, and resolving conflicts through mediation.” The award was created to recognize the ways the nation’s employers support their Guard and Reserve employees, and is the highest in a series of ESGR awards that include the Patriot Award, the Above and Beyond Award, and the Pro Patria Award.
A senior Defense Department official presents the awards at a dinner ceremony in Washington, DC; past presenters have included the Secretary of Defense, the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, the Army Vice Chief of Staff, and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Since 1996, over 100 employers have received the Freedom Award.
Freedom Award Web site.
In 2008, ESGR launched a Web site for the Freedom Award. Using videos, news articles, profiles of recipients, and tips about employer best practices, the site provides information about the support that employers across the nation provide to their Guard and Reserve employees and their families. The site also houses the nomination form for the award.
Sources.
This article contains information from a U.S. Government Web site in the public domain.
References.
http://www.esgr.mil

</doc>
<doc id="20276590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276590" title="History of Ohio State University">
History of Ohio State University

The Ohio State University was founded in 1870 as a land-grant university in accordance with the Morrill Act of 1862 under the name of Ohio Agricultural and Mechanical College. The school was originally situated within a farming community located on the northern edge of Columbus, and was intended to matriculate students of various agricultural and mechanical disciplines. The university opened its doors to 24 students on September 18, 1873. In 1878, the first class of six men graduated. The first woman graduated the following year. In 1878, in light of its expanded focus, the college permanently changed its name to the now-familiar "The Ohio State University". Ohio State began accepting graduate students in the 1880s, with the university awarding its first master's and doctoral degrees in 1886 and 1890 respectively. 1891 saw the founding of Ohio State's law school. Presently, the university has reached the ranking of becoming a "Public Ivy", as well as very receiving high rankings and awards from many institutions, including "U.S. News", Academic Ranking of World Universities. 
Formative years (1870–1891).
The Ohio State University was founded in 1870 as a land-grant university in accordance with the Morrill Act of 1862 under the name of Ohio Agricultural and Mechanical College. Initially, it was thought that one of Ohio's two existing public universities (Ohio University and Miami University) would be designated as the land-grant institution, and each engaged in a vigorous competition to win over the state legislature. At the strong urging of Governor Rutherford B. Hayes, however, it was ultimately decided to establish a new university to be located near the legislature in Columbus. Hayes' role in founding the university is recognized in Hayes Hall (named after Rutherford, not Woody), the oldest building still standing on the campus. Hayes later noted that the founding of Ohio State was one his two greatest achievements—the other being Ohio's ratification of the Fifteenth Amendment.
The school was originally situated within a farming community located on the northern edge of Columbus, and was intended to matriculate students of various agricultural and mechanical disciplines. From its inception, a debate was waged between those in favor of broadening the university's focus to encompass the liberal arts and sciences and those who favored a more limited focus. Governor Hayes viewed the selection of the university's location as key to keeping the university free of excess influence by the state's agricultural interests. As such, he worked strongly behind the scenes to ensure that the campus would be located in the city of Columbus rather than the more agriculturally oriented towns of Springfield or Urbana. The campus' location near the state capital combined with Hayes' plan of an expanded board of trustees based upon one member from each of the state's congressional districts ensured that his vision for the new university's curriculum would be put into place. Subsequently, the new board of trustees voted on the spectrum of disciplines to be offered. The ("broad-gauge") faction was led by university trustee Joseph Sullivant. When the votes were completed, it had been decided to offer seven fields of study: agriculture, ancient languages, chemistry, geology, mathematics, modern languages, and physics. Only the ancient languages curriculum came down to a close vote, passing by a margin of 8–7. Later that year, the university welcomed its first class of twenty-four students, including three women. In 1878, and in light of its expanded focus, the college permanently changed its name to the now-familiar "The Ohio State University."
Two factors in Ohio State's formative years would hinder the university's immediate development: hostility from the state's agricultural interests and competition for resources from Miami University and Ohio University. The first arose from the curriculum debate. Fueled by the agriculture interests and the Springfield business community that supplied them, the attitude of Ohio farmers towards the university had turned from one of indifference to one of outright hostility. By 1880, this hostility had begun to make its presence felt in the state legislature. The second hindrance came in the form of competition for state allocations from Ohio's two older public institutions. At the time of Ohio State's creation, these institutions had been derided by then Governor Hayes as borderline sectarian colleges that, in over sixty years of history, had failed to provide Ohio with a real state university. It was this view that was fundamental in the decision to found a new university as recipient for the Morrill Act funds, making Ohio unique among Great Lakes states in founding a new university for this purpose, as well as considerably strengthening the hand of those who advocated a broad based curriculum. However, the founding of this new university combined with their own precarious financial positions (Miami would close for a dozen years due to a lack of enrollment) had awakened the older institutions to compete vigorously for the attention of the state legislature. The first of these issues would be resolved by the end of the decade. Resolution of the second would not occur until 1906. Even then, the inherent tension of agricultural interests within the larger context of a comprehensive research university and the competition among state universities in a decentralized higher education system would, to varying degrees, remain permanent issues with which Ohio State would be forced to contend. 
Of fundamental importance in this period was the role of former President Rutherford B. Hayes who, a decade earlier, had lobbied strenuously as Governor for the university's founding. Upon returning to Ohio in 1881, the former President spent the next decade using his considerable political influence to lobby for the university's interests. In 1887 he formally joined the university's board of trustees where, until his death in early 1893, he essentially acted as the university's de facto president. By 1891, Ohio State had grown to a degree that Governor James E. Campbell recommended a permanent levy on the tax duplicate to support its continued growth. The significant role that the fledgling university had begun to play within the state, as well as the peace that Hayes had brokered with the state's agricultural interests, was underscored by the fact that the proposal passed without opposition despite the insistence of Ohio State's board of trustees that neither Miami nor Ohio universities be included in the bill.
Emergence as Ohio's flagship university (1892–1916).
Ohio State began accepting graduate students in the 1880s, with the university awarding its first master's and doctoral degrees in 1886 and 1890 respectively. 1891 saw the founding of Ohio State's law school. 
In 1906, Ohio State President William Oxley Thompson along with the university's supporters in the state legislature put forth the Lybarger Bill with the aim of shifting virtually all higher education support to the continued development of Ohio State while funding only the "normal school" functions of Miami and Ohio University. Although the Lybarger Bill failed narrowly to gain passage, in its place was passed the compromise Eagleson Bill, which determined that all doctoral education and research functions would be the role of Ohio State and that the two older institutions would not offer instruction beyond the master's degree level. This arrangement would stand for the next fifty years until population growth had necessitated additional Ph. D programs in the state.
1912 saw the formation of Ohio State's Graduate School to coordinate the university's burgeoning master's and doctoral enrollments. In 1914, Ohio State's college of medicine was formed through a merger with Starling Medical College. That year also saw the founding of Ohio State's School of Dentistry. In 1916, the board of trustees approved the formation of a College of Commerce and Journalism.
Subsequently, Ohio State's solidifying of its role as the state's flagship, comprehensive university was fairly rapid, as demonstrated by its 1916 induction into the prestigious Association of American Universities. To date, it remains the only public university in Ohio to be extended AAU membership.
Growth and challenge (1917–1945).
This momentum was further accelerated by Governor Harry L. Davis, who in his 1921 inaugural address declared that, "In Ohio State University the commonwealth has an educational institution which should become the largest and best state institution in the United States. This is evidenced by the development of the institution in recent years, and I desire specifically to ask the co-operation of the General Assembly in the effort which I propose to make to help the Ohio State University to attain that goal in the not too distant future." He subsequently shepherded a one-eighth of a mill tax levy through the legislature to fund a university building fund. Seventy-two percent of the funds were earmarked for the Ohio State University with the remainder split between Miami University and Ohio University. By decade's end, the university's enrollment stood at 15,126 a more than fourfold increase from just twenty years prior.
With the onset of the Great Depression, Ohio State would face many of the challenges affecting universities throughout America as budget support was slashed, and students without the means of paying tuition returned home to support families. By the middle thirties, however, enrollment had stabilized due in large part to the role of FERA (the Federal Emergency Relief Administration) and later the NYA (National Youth Administration). By the end of the decade, enrollment had still managed to grow to 17,568. Two important initiatives were also begun during this decade. Each would come to play increasingly important roles in the university's development up to the present time. In 1934, the Ohio State Research Foundation was begun to bring in outside funding for faculty research projects. In 1938, a development office was opened to begin raising funds privately to offset reductions in state support.
Making a name for itself (1946–present).
In 1952, Ohio State founded the interdisciplinary Mershon Center for International Security Studies, which it still houses. In 2003, the United States Department of Homeland Security decided to base the National Academic Consortium for Homeland Security at the university.
Presently, the university has reached the ranking of becoming a "Public Ivy", as well as very receiving high rankings and awards from many institutions, including "U.S. News", Academic Ranking of World Universities, The Lombardi Program on Measuring University Performance, Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching, and The Public Accounting Report.
The university now provides education to about 59,091 students in eight campuses throughout Ohio and is governed by President Gordon Gee. According to the Chronicle of Higher Education, he will receive a base salary of over $1 million, the highest of any public university president in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20276591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276591" title="Cathleen Calbert">
Cathleen Calbert

Cathleen Calbert is an American poet and writer, author of five poetry collections. Her writing has appeared in "Ms. Magazine, The Nation, The New Republic, The New York Times, The Paris Review, Poetry, Ploughshares," and elsewhere. She was born in Jackson, Michigan and raised in southern California. She received her B.A. from the University of California at Berkeley, her M.A. from Syracuse University, and her Ph.D. from the University of Houston. Currently, she is a professor of English at Rhode Island College.
Published works.
Books
Chapbooks

</doc>
<doc id="20276602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276602" title="Run-off-road collision">
Run-off-road collision

A run-off-road collision is a type of single-vehicle collision that occurs when a vehicle leaves the roadway. Contributing factors often include loss of control or mis-judging a curve, or attempting to avoid colliding with another road user or an animal.
If the vehicle strikes a fixed object (an object that will move very little when struck, such as a tree, bridge structure or utility pole) or rolls over, the crash is likely to result in injuries or fatalities. 2005 statistics from the US show that run off road crashes resulted in 31% of fatal crashes, but were only 16% of all crashes. Run-off-road collisions where the vehicle is sliding or spinning and runs broadside into a fixed obstacle are particularly dangerous, since the vehicle doors and sides provide less protection to occupants than the front of the car.
Clear zones.
An important concept in understanding run-off-road crashes is the clear zone. This is the roadside area that is free from obstacles and dangerous slopes. Early research at the General Motors Proving Grounds found that 80% of their test drivers stopped or regained vehicle control within 30 feet (9 m) of the edge of the travel lane. As a result, civil engineers began to try to provide thirty feet of clear, flat ground next to rural highways. The result was fewer crashes. Current guidance adjusts the desired clear zone width for curvature, roadside slope, speed and volume. More width is recommended on the outsides of curves, where the ground slopes down away from the road, and on high speed, high volume roads.
Prevention and mitigation.
There are several ways to reduce consequences of run-off-road collisions. They fall into three main categories: preventing run-off-road incidents, minimizing the likelihood of a crash or roll-over if the vehicle travels off the shoulder, and reducing the severity of those that do occur.
Roadway cross section improvements.
Roadway cross section improvements include high friction overlays, improving curve banking, and widening shoulders or travel lanes. The intention is to help the driver to keep the car on the roadway. They are usually expensive unless included in a highway reconstruction project.
A relatively inexpensive countermeasure is the placement of a "Safety Edge" — a 30° compacted taper on the edge of the pavement. This helps any driver that runs off the edge of the roadway to maintain control while trying to steer back onto the pavement. A vertical edge dropoff often results in overcorrection, leading to a head-on collision, rollover, or a run-off-road collision on the far side of the road. Pavement edge dropoffs are problematic on roads where the hard shoulder is narrow or nonexistant. The safety edge adds about 1% to the pavement costs while building or resurfacing a road.
Hazard removal or modification.
If possible, hazards should be removed, or modified to be less dangerous. Examples include tree removal, or extending cross culverts out of the clear zone. Where costs and right-of way allow it, this should be the first choice. However, many local roads have narrow rights of way, and clear zone improvements may require right-of-way takings or easements. This may not be cost-effective on low to medium volume rural roads.
Guard rail is used to reduce the severity of run-off-road crashes by interposing a barrier that is more forgiving to vehicle occupants. It is important to note that guard rail is itself a hazard and should only be used where it shields traffic from a hazard that is more dangerous than it is. It may not reduce the number of run-off-road crashes, since it is longer and closer to the road than the hazard behind it. Properly designed and installed, it will reduce the severity of crashes that do occur. One study found that installing guard rail above an embankment would only reduce run-off-road crashes by only 7%. However, injury and fatal crashes were reduced by 45%.
Delineation.
Where hazard removal and guardrail reduce the severity of run-off-road crashes, delineation aims to reduce the frequency of crashes by helping drivers stay on the road. It includes pavement markings, object markers, curve warning signs, delineators, and arrows and chevrons on curves. It is used where other improvements would be too costly or ineffective, as an interim method until other improvements can be installed, and to help drivers avoid collisions with guarderail. Signing improvements will generally reduce crashes by about 30%. Because of its low cost, delineation is often the measure of choice on lower volume roads.
Some of these measures can also reduce the frequency and severity of head-on collisions. Median barriers are a form of guard rail that turn head-on crashes into fixed object crashes. Curve delineation and cross-section improvements can reduce loss-of-control incidents.
Cost-effectiveness.
Since most roadway improvements are funded by taxes or user fees, it is important that safety improvements pay for themselves. On low speed, low volume local roads, expensive improvements are likely to produce less in savings than they cost, and thus divert scarce resources from locations where they could be better used. On high speed, high volume freeways, high quality clear zones are worth the cost.

</doc>
<doc id="20276677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276677" title="Roy Faulkner">
Roy Faulkner

Robert "Roy" Faulkner (born 5 August 1897 in Paisley, Scotland) was a Canadian association football player who earned 3 caps for the Canadian national side between 1925 and 1926, scoring 1 goal. He played club football in Scotland for St Anthony's and Maryhill, in England for Blackburn Rovers, Queens Park Rangers and South Shields, and in Canada for Toronto Clarkes and Toronto Ulster United; in the American Soccer League with Philadelphia and Providence.

</doc>
<doc id="20276697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276697" title="Serafino Ghizzoni">
Serafino Ghizzoni

Serafino Ghizzoni (born L'Aquila, Italy, 16 October 1954) is a former Italian international rugby union footballer, who played the 1st Rugby World Cup in 1987.
Biography.
Born and raised in L'Aquila, Ghizzoni started playing rugby at L'Aquila Rugby as wing; he debuted as senior in 1972 and won the Italy's Cup in 1973.
He won his first cap for Italy on 6 February 1977 in the FIRA Championship against France A1; he won his first "full international" one month later in Casablanca vs. Morocco.
Three years later he won two Italian championships in a row with L'Aquila Rugby.
Ghizzoni was part of the team that played the 1st World Cup in Australia and New Zealand; he won his last cap against the All Blacks.
In the last years of his career he moved to full-back; in 1994 he won his last domestic title with L'Aquila as underdog, beating the highly rated Milan Rugby (which was at the time owned by Silvio Berlusconi) in the championship final in Padua.
Since his retirement he has been running his family business (car and bus renting), and working as a ski instructor and amateur mountain rally driver.

</doc>
<doc id="20276710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276710" title="California mastitis test">
California mastitis test

The California Mastitis Test (CMT) is a simple cow-side indicator of the somatic cell count of milk. It operates by disrupting the cell membrane of any cells present in the milk sample, allowing the DNA in those cells to react with the test reagent, forming a gel. It provides a useful technique for detecting subclinical mastitis.
Development.
Whiteside described a reaction between sodium hydroxide and milk that resulted in the thickening of mastitic milk. The utility of this reaction as a field test was limited by the fact that the reaction was sometimes difficult to observe, and would eventually occur even in normal milk. A refined version of the test, which enhanced its sensitivity, and eliminated the confounding effect of milk fat, uses an anionic surfactant, which forms a gel with the DNA in somatic cells in the milk
Use.
A four-well plastic paddle is used, one well being for each quarter of the cow to be tested. Foremilk is discarded, and then a little milk drawn into each well. An equal volume of test reagent is added, and gently agitated. The reaction is scored on a scale of 0 (mixture remains unchanged) to 3 (almost-solid gel forms), with a score of 2 or 3 being considered a positive result. A special reagent for the test is marketed under the name 'CMT-Test', but domestic detergents are frequently used instead, being cheaper and more readily available. Fairy Liquid is as suitable as a reagent for the CMT, although many cheaper detergents are not.

</doc>
<doc id="20276719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276719" title="Alain &amp; Marie LeNotre Culinary Institute">
Alain &amp; Marie LeNotre Culinary Institute

Inheriting the love of cooking from both his father Gaston LeNotre and grandparents, Alain LeNotre and his wife Marie LeNotre founded the Lenotre Culinary Institute of Houston Texas, USA in 1998. The Alain & Marie LeNotre Culinary Institute, known as Culinary Institute LeNotre, awards associate degrees and diplomas in hospitality management, baking and pastry and the culinary arts. It is one of two post-secondary schools in Houston, Texas, accredited by the American Culinary Foundation.
Alain LeNotre, a Certified Pastry Chef, candy marker and ice cream maker was also trained as a cook at the Grande Vefour, a 3-star Michelin Restaurant in Paris, France. He earned an executive MBA from the Sorbonne and has over 40 years of experience.
Marie LeNotre, Director of the Culinary Institute LeNotre since 1998. Mrs. LeNotre acquired a Master’s Degree in Public Health Education from the University of Texas and a Master’s Degree in English and Creative Writing from the University of Houston. Marie LeNotre helped create the Culinary Endowment & Scholarship, the "Gaston LeNotre Scholarship," [http://gastonlenotrescholarship.weebly.com/] for underprivileged students who aspire to a culinary career. She was also 2004/2005 and 2005/2006 President of the Houston Texas Chapter Les Dames d’Escoffier, a society of professional women of achievement in the food and beverage industry.
Culinary Institute LeNotre hosts Kris Bistro and Wine Lounge whose, "purpose is to give students the experience of working and serving at a restaurant before they head out into the real world." 
"I had one of the most exquisite meals the other week when his restaurant -- an incubator for budding young student chefs at the school." 
Degrees offered.
The college offers both a Diploma and an Associate of Applied Science degree in the Culinary Arts. It also offers a Culinary Management program.
Teaching faculty.
The Culinary Institute employs Chefs who have more than 10 years experience in the field and instructors hand picked by Alain LeNotre.
External links.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="20276782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276782" title="Apeldoorn Osseveld railway station">
Apeldoorn Osseveld railway station

Apeldoorn Osseveld is a railway station located in Apeldoorn, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 10 December 2006 and is located on the Apeldoorn–Deventer railway. The services is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Facilities.
The station has two platforms, a car park, cycle parking and a nearby bus stop where the service 5 stops. The stop is called "Talma Borgh" and is approximately 400 metres south of the station along the Ravelijn.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Apeldoorn Osseveld:

</doc>
<doc id="20276822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276822" title="Edik Baghdasaryan">
Edik Baghdasaryan

Edik Baghdasaryan is a prominent investigative journalist known for his stories exposing government corruption in Armenia. He is the head of the Armenian Association of Investigative Journalists and editor of Armenia's only investigative journalism newspaper, Hetq. He is based in Armenia's capital Yerevan.
Awards.
In September 2008, Baghdasaryan won the 2008 Global Shining Light Award at the Global Investigative Journalism Conference held in Norway for his series of articles "The Minister and the Mining Sector," which revealed how Armenia's former Minister of Nature Protection Vardan Ayvazyan had allocated mines (mostly for gold and poly-metallic) to more than a dozen relatives' names, thus violating several laws.
Physical assaults and death threats.
On November 17, 2008, Baghdasaryan became the target of a violent attack, which he believes is connected with his reporting. He was ambushed and beaten by three unknown assailants as he was getting into his parked car shortly after leaving his office in downtown Yerevan at 8 pm. Baghdasaryan said that the attack was unprovoked and that the assailants did not demand anything particular from him. Two people attacked him, dealing heavy blows to him, while a third person hit him behind the head with a large object, causing him to faint; they took off part of his clothing, leaving him half naked. The assailants fled after a security worker from a nearby construction site alerted by the quarrel fired a shot into the air. Baghdasaryan was hospitalized and suffered a head injury.
In 2006, Baghdasaryan received threats via email following an article that criticized Armenia’s most powerful businessman Gagik Tsarukyan. The email threatened to kill anyone who offended Tsarukyan, whom the letter writer referred to as "king."

</doc>
<doc id="20276824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276824" title="Uncial 0208">
Uncial 0208

Uncial 0208 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 6th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Colossians 1:29-2:10,13-14; 1 Thessalonians 2:4-7,12-17, on two parchment leaves (23 cm by 16 cm). Written in two columns per page, 31 lines per page, in very large uncial letters. It is a palimpsest, the upper text contains the text of Prosper of Aquitaine's "Chronicon".
The text-type of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.
In Colossians 2:2 it reads του θεου πατρος και του Χριστου for του θεου Χριστου; the reading of the codex is supported by minuscule 1908.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Ernst von Dobschütz in 1933.
It was digitised by the CSNTM.
The codex currently is housed at the Bayerische Staatsbibliothek (29022 e) in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="20276830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276830" title="WOW FM">
WOW FM

WOW FM could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20276834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276834" title="Nick Hanauer">
Nick Hanauer

Nick Hanauer is an American entrepreneur and venture capitalist living in Seattle, Washington.
Business career.
After earning his philosophy degree from the University of Washington, Hanauer got his business start at the family-owned Pacific Coast Feather Company, where he continues to serve as co-chair and CEO. In the 1980s he co-founded Museum Quality Framing Company, a large West Coast franchise. 
In the 1990s Hanauer was one of the first investors in Amazon.com (where he served as adviser to the board until 2000). He founded gear.com (which eventually merged with Overstock.com) and Avenue A Media (which in 2007, under the new name aQuantive, was acquired by Microsoft for $6.4 billion). 
In 2000, Hanauer co-formed the Seattle-based venture capital company, Second Avenue Partners. The company advises and funds early stage companies such as HouseValues Qliance, and Newsvine.
Civic activism.
Hanauer is co-founder of The True Patriot Network, a political action tank framed upon the ideas he and Eric Liu presented in their 2007 book, "The True Patriot".
Hanauer is active in the Seattle community and Washington’s public education system. He co-founded the League of Education Voters (LEV), a non-partisan political organization dedicated to improving the quality of public education in Washington. He also serves on the boards of Cascade Land Conservancy, The University of Washington Foundation, The University of Arizona's Mount Lemmon Science Center and the Biosphere2 climate research project.
2012 TEDtalk controversy.
In May 2012, several online news outlets reported the TEDtalk from Hanauer presented on March 1, was not chosen to be posted by TED. In the short presentation he speaks about the rising income inequality in the US, and the problems that may cause to further business ventures, as he feels the middle class consumer is far more responsible for job creation than wealthy entrepreneurs like himself. Thus he proposed the necessity for higher median incomes rather than tax cuts for high incomes, stating that if cutting high income tax rates really worked "we would be drowning in jobs", instead of unemployment being at current numbers. 
Curator of the private organisation, Chris Anderson stated that he felt Hanauer's talk was "explicitly partisan" and included "a number of arguments that were unconvincing". "Huffington Post" writer Jillian Berman expressed bewilderment since TED had previously issued talks by politicians such as Al Gore or David Cameron without hesitation. TED reserves the right to post only the talks it considers to be most effective. Hanauer partially defended Anderson's decision in an interview with Sam Seder, saying he could understand that the position he himself offered in his talk might be controversial to the business community and that Anderson might have received unproportional critique for his decision to hold back the talk. The original presentation is available on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="20276863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276863" title="Great Western Holdings">
Great Western Holdings

Great Western Holdings was formed in December 1994 to bid for rail franchises in the United Kingdom during the Privatisation of British Rail. Shares in the company were held by Richard George, Brian Scott and some other British Rail managers (51%), FirstBus (24.5%) and 3i (24.5%).
Great Western Holdings bid for a number of rail franchises winning the Great Western and the Regional Railways North West franchises in 1996 and 1997.
In March 1998 FirstGroup bought the remaining 75.5% of shares it did not own to give it 100% ownership.

</doc>
<doc id="20276878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276878" title="Dagmar Metzger">
Dagmar Metzger

Dagmar Metzger (born 10 December 1958 in Berlin) is a German lawyer and politician, and a former member of the Parliament of Hesse for the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD).
She has been a member of the SPD since 1990, and was elected to the city council of Darmstadt in 1997. In the council, she headed the committee for culture and science from 2001 to 2006. Dagmar Metzer is the daughter-in-law of former Darmstadt mayor Günther Metzger.
In the Hesse state election, 2008, she was elected to the Parliament of Hesse.
She became known to a broader audience in March 2008, after she declared that she would not support Andrea Ypsilanti as Prime Minister of Hesse, in a planned election. Ypsilanti, chair of SPD in Hesse, was supposed to form a government with support of the leftist extremist party Die Linke, the successor of the East German communist party. The SPD party had, before the election, vowed not under any circumstances to cooperate with Die Linke. Her father-in-law also told journalists that Dagmar Metzger's father, a social democrat from Berlin, under threat of life had opposed the forced unification of SPD and the Communist Party of Germany to form the East German communist party.
In November 2008, Andrea Ypsilanti once again tried to form a government with support of Die Linke, but Metzger and her fellow SPD MPs Silke Tesch, Jürgen Walter and Carmen Everts declared they would not support Ypsilanti as Prime Minister if she formed a government with support of Die Linke, and the election of Ypsilanti as Prime Minister was canceled.
This led to the 2009 Hesse state election. Dagmar Metzger did not run for another term as a member of parliament in the 2009 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20276894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276894" title="Alexandros Vasileiou">
Alexandros Vasileiou

Alexandros Vasileiou (, 1760-1818) was a Greek merchant and scholar, one of the representatives of the modern Greek Enlightenment.
He was born in Gjirokastër, Ottoman Empire (today's Albania). Vasileiou was one of many Greek merchants in the 18th-19th centuries that were involved in the fields of education and literature. A. Vasileiou played an essential role in the Greek Enlightenment movement. His contact with Adamantios Korais, a major figure of Greek literature at that time, was of unique importance for him, while he lived in Paris. 
Correspondence between the two men was continuous. A. Vasileiou adopted the ideas of Korais to the Greek language question and confronted the conservative scholar Neofitos Doukas. He was the author of a number of articles in the "Hermes o Logios" magazine (a Greek literary magazine, published in Vienna). At the same time he supported financially the publication of several issues of Logios Ermis and other literature material. 
Because of his trading businesses he lived in several cities throughout Europe: Amsterdam, Marseille, Lyon, Paris, Vienna, Trieste. In Trieste, he was also consul of the Ottoman Empire. He died in Trieste in 1818, a few days after declaring bankruptcy. His brother, Michael Vasileiou, was also a notable scholar and merchant living in Constantinople.

</doc>
<doc id="20276901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276901" title="Benjamin Parry">
Benjamin Parry

Benjamin Parry (February 1634 – 4 October 1678) was Church of Ireland Bishop of Ossory from 27 January 1678 until his death later the same year.
Life.
Parry was born in February 1634 in Dublin and baptised on 12 March, the son of Edward Parry (Bishop of Killaloe) and Miss Price. His siblings were John Parry (bishop), his predecessor as Bishop of Ossory; Edward Parry; Robert Parry; Mary Parry who married John Bulkeley; and Elinor Parry who was a love and correspondent of John Locke and later married Richard Hawkshaw. Benjamin Parry was educated at Trinity College, Dublin and Jesus College, Oxford before becoming a Fellow of Corpus Christi College, Oxford in 1654. He was ordained, later becoming the prebendary of Knaresborough and a canon of York. he also served as rector of Hope, Flintshire, rector of Godington, Oxfordshire and rector of St Antholin's, London. Arthur Capell, 1st Earl of Essex, the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, appointed him as one of his chaplains in 1672. In 1674, he became Dean of Ossory, becoming Dean of St Patrick's in 1675. After his brother John died (on 21 December 1677), Parry succeeded him as Bishop of Ossory, and was consecrated on 27 January 1678. He also succeeded his brother as rector of Llaniestyn, Anglesey and of St Andrew's, Dublin. However, he died within the year, on 4 October 1678 and is buried with his father and brother in the vestibule of St. Audoen's Church, Dublin.
Descendants.
Benjamin Parry married Elizabeth Barrington, the sister of Herbert Barrington. Their children were four sons and one daughter- George born c.1672, Benjamin, James who was baptised in St. Michan's Church, Dublin on 7 August 1674, Thomas who died about the 26th March 1679 and Catherine who died about the 10th of April 1676 and who are both buried at St. Audeon’s Church, Dublin.
Monument.
The vestry book of St. Audeon’s Church, Dublin states at 16 April 1681 that in a recess on the northern side of the church door, a corner of the north-west part of the church (now the vestibule) was railed off with "a rail and banister," for the Parry family burial place. It measured 14 feet by 8 feet and a rent of forty shillings a year was due for it by the Parry family, which was split fifty-fifty between the Prebendary and Churchwardens of St. Audeons. It acquired the name of the "Bishop of Ossory's Chapel". Many generations of the Parrys were buried in this tomb, which, having become defaced by time, was, on the repair of the Church in 1848, surmounted with an inscribed white marble slab at the expense of Dr. John Parry's representatives, Dame Emma Elizabeth Puleston of Albrighton Hall, Shropshire, relict of Sir Richard Puleston, Bart., Anna Eleanora, Frances and Elizabeth Hawkshaw, daughters of Lieutenant Colonel John Stuart Hawshaw of Divernagh, County Armagh. The monument of the spot, which still exists, reads- "“In memory of Edward Parry and his two sons John and Benjamin Parry, who were interred near this spot. Edward Parry, D.D., Pro-Vice-Chancellor of the University of Trinity College, Dublin, was consecrated Bishop of Killaloe, 28th March, 1647, and died of the plague in this city, July 20th, 1650. John Parry, D.D., was promoted to the Deanery of Christ’s Church, Dublin, Apl. 2, 1666; was consecrated Bishop of Ossory Apl. 22, 1672; and departed this life Dec. 21st 1677. Benjamin Parry DD was promoted to the Deanery of St Canices Kilkenny Feb. 19th 1673, to the Deanery of St. Patrick's Dublin Feb. 17th 1674, was consecrated Bishop of Ossory on the death of his brother John Parry and departed this life Oct. 4th 1678. On the repairing of this church AD 1848 by permission of the Rev. James Howie AM prebendary of the same. Dame Emma Elizabeth Puleston of Albrighton Hall, Shropshire relict of Sir Richard Puleston Bart and Anna, Eleanora, Frances, and Elizabeth Hawkshaw, daughters of the late Lieut Colene John Stewart Hawkshaw of Divernagh Co. Armach, caused this new monument to be erected in memory of the above named bishops. The said Sir Richard Puleston and Lieut. Colonel John Steward Hawkshaw having been Lineally descended from the above named Edward Parry. The monument underneath was the one originally erected by the said John Parry to the memory of his Father Edward Parry”"

</doc>
<doc id="20276902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276902" title="Toledo Bullfrogs">
Toledo Bullfrogs

The Toledo Bullfrogs was to be a professional arena football team based at the Lucas County Arena in Toledo, Ohio. They were scheduled to begin play in the af2, the developmental league of the Arena Football League, in 2010, until that league folded in 2009. The team has never played a game and the Toledo Bullfrogs website now leads directly to the Toledo Walleye website, which seems to indicate that the franchise is defunct.
History.
On September 22, 2008, Toledo Arena Sports, Inc. (a non-profit group led by the owners of the International League's Toledo Mud Hens which also owns the ECHL's Toledo Walleye), announced that an af2 franchise was coming to the arena.
On November 18, the Bullfrogs announced their name, logo, and colors. The name was chosen as an homage to the city sitting on what was formerly the Great Black Swamp, ergo, when the city was founded, there was a frog infestation. This heritage is also immortalized in the Lucas County Courthouse and Jail, where a frog is depicted in the floor mosaic.
Season-by-Season.
!Totals || 0 || 0 || 0 

</doc>
<doc id="20276938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276938" title="Inmaculada Martínez Cervera">
Inmaculada Martínez Cervera

Inmaculada Martínez Cervera (Valencia, Spain, 5 October 1971) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the main opposition People's Party (PP).
Single at the time of her election, she is licensed in pedagogy and worked for the Valencian Youth Institute. In 2000 she was selected as part of the PP list for the Spanish Congress of Deputies for Valencia province. Placed thirteenth on the list in a district where the party had never won more than eight seats she failed to be elected at the March 2000 General Election. However a PP gain at that election, coupled with the unprecedented resignation of four PP deputies, resulted in her joining the Congress in April 2002. For the 2004 election she was promoted to tenth place on the PP list, however in that election the PP lost one of their nine seats and the lack of vacancies during the legislature meant that she did not sit in the 2004-2008 parliament. She did not stand in the 2008 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20276951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276951" title="Robert Hamilton (Northwest Territories politician)">
Robert Hamilton (Northwest Territories politician)

Robert Hamilton (September 16, 1842 County of Argenteuil, Lower Canada - January 27, 1911 Saint Boniface, Manitoba) was a pioneer, politician and immigration agent. He served as an appointed member of the Council of the Northwest Territories from 1872 to 1876.

</doc>
<doc id="20276953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276953" title="Rex Hooton">
Rex Hooton

Rex Clive Hooton (born 14 February 1947) is a former New Zealand cricketer who played first-class cricket for Auckland and Northern Districts. A right-hand bat and slow left-arm orthodox spin bowler, Hooton played 19 first-class matches from 1968 until 1980, and enjoyed some success with both the bat and occasionally with the ball. He scored three half-centuries during his career, as well as taking five wickets at a respectable 12.60.
Career.
Hooton was born in Auckland, New Zealand, and played his earliest major cricket matches for Waikato during the winter of 1968. He joinred Northern Districts in January 1969, and played his first match for them on 27 January against Canterbury. Opening the batting, Hooton scored two and three as the match ended in a draw. Hooton did not feature in another Northern Districts line up until Christmas Day 1969, where he faced Central Districts, scoring 46 in his only innings as the match ended in another draw. This was the first of seven matches Hooton played during the 1969-70 season, where he scored 228 runs including one fifty at 20.72. He also took four wickets at 14.25 with his spin bowling. These included figures a match against the Australian touring team in Napier on 2 March 1970, having been chosen for the New Zealand Under-23s. Batting at three, Hooton failed to make a substantial impact, scoring six and five as Australia won by an innings and 20 runs.
Hooton played five more matches over the winter of 1971-72, scoring 132 runs at 14.66, however he failed to pass fifty with a high score of 41. His final season, after a seven year absence, was the winter of 1979-80, where he played six matches for Auckland. This final season was Hooton's most successful with the bat, scoring 233 runs at 29.12, including two fifties, one of which matches his career best 54. He also took one final wicket with his spin, ending with a bowling average of 6.00. It was during this season that Hooton played his only List-A match, also for Auckland, where he scored 16 runs, however he did not bowl.
Later life.
After his retirement as a 1st Class player, Rex coached Auckland to a win the Shell Cup in the 1989-90 season and the Shell Trophy in 1990-91. He later turned his hand to selecting and was convenor when Auckland won the Shell Trophy again in 1994-95.
Rex is a Vice President and Honorary Member of Auckland Cricket, and Past President of both the Auckland Cricket Society and the Auckland University Cricket Club, where he is also a Life Member. He is currently the School Cricket Coach at St Kentigern College in Auckland and during the winter months travels to the UK to take up a similar role at St Edward's School in Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20276958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276958" title="Realsoft">
Realsoft

Realsoft Oy, was founded in 1989, by two Finnish brothers Juha Meskanen and Vesa Meskanen, to develop and market a product called Real 3D. Real 3D - nowadays known as Realsoft 3D - is a graphics software tool for production of high quality photorealistic graphics and animation.
Products.
Real3D (3D modeling software) for Amiga and Windows platforms.
Realsoft3D software for Windows, Mac OS X, Linux and IRIX platforms.
Movie3D 3D modeling and animation software built on Realsoft's technology

</doc>
<doc id="20276976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276976" title="Rail transport in Burma">
Rail transport in Burma

Burma (now known as Myanmar since gaining independence) has a railway network that is run by Myanmar Railways, a state owned railway company under the Ministry of Railways.
History.
In May 1877, the first train left Rangoon for Prome, a town on the Irrawaddy 163 miles away and, particularly after the annexation of Upper Burma in 1886, lines toward the Chinese border were quickly constructed, partly so that the British could get easy access to the resource rich hinterland, and partly in the hopes of building a railway to the Yunnan province of China from the port city of Rangoon (most of South-East Asia was under French control and Rangoon, for a brief period of time, was viewed as a staging point for trade with China). The railway to China never materialized and, by the early 1900s, most of what exists in Burma today had already been constructed.

</doc>
<doc id="20276986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20276986" title="The True Patriot Network">
The True Patriot Network

The True Patriot Network (TPN) is an American political action organization. It was founded in 2007. TPN is located in Seattle, Washington.
Background.
TPN was founded in 2007 in Seattle, Washington by Eric Liu and Nick Hanauer. The group is based upon their 2007 book, The True Patriot [http://www.ndn.org/books/books-we-recommend.html]. The authors define true patriotism as country above self and explain how patriotism is lived every day in service to others, stewardship of resources, shared sacrifice, and other progressive values.
The organization aims to connect other progressive Americans, who are interested in changing politics and culture.
Statement of purpose.
Eric Liu and Nick Hanauer wanted TPN to bring people more in line with the progressive patriotic values they set forth in their book.(From TPN hopes to do so through public events, publishing projects, educational ventures, creative contests, and online communities. (From [http://www.truepat.org.)

</doc>
<doc id="20277007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277007" title="Atlantic High School (Port Orange, Florida)">
Atlantic High School (Port Orange, Florida)

Atlantic High School is a public high school located in Port Orange, Florida. The school started in 1994 and currently serves about 1,100 students in grades 9 to 12 and is part of Volusia County Schools.
Athletics.
The schools athletic teams are known as the Atlantic Sharks. Their colors are teal and black. The school competes in FHSAA District 4.
Atlantic won the state championships in women's bowling in 2010, went to the state final four twice in women's basketball, and the football team has made the playoffs the last couple years.
Ronnie Williams is the number one ranked player in Florida for women's basketball and ha committed to the University of Florida.
Chris Jones is a top ranked football player who has committed to UCF in his junior year.
Career Academies.
AHS currently (2013) offers three Career Academies:
The Academy of Law and Government(A.L.A.G.),
Communications and Arts in Performance(C.A.P.A.), and the
Horticulture, Environmental and Marine Science(H.E.M.S.) Academy.
Career Academies offer a unique opportunity in the area of your choice. Students who belong to an academy can expect to go on field trips, hear guest speakers and hands-on training.
A.L.A.G. Is a gold star academy and attracts students from the Orlando area city of Deltona.
References.
Atlantic High School 2013 Handout

</doc>
<doc id="20277009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277009" title="Otto von Corvin">
Otto von Corvin

Otto Julius Bernhard von Corvin-Wiersbitzki (12 October 1812 – 2 March 1886) was a German author.
Biography.
Corvin was born in Gumbinnen (Prussia) to the Rittmeister, and later director of the postal administration, of Gumbinnen Friedrich August Heinrich von Corvin-Wiersbitzki. His parents divorced in his childhood and after his father's death in 1822 Corvin was raised by his mother, who had moved to Halberstadt. He attended military school in Potsdam and Berlin-Lichterfelde, eventually becoming a lieutenant in the Prussian Army.
He left the military in 1835 to devote himself to writing. His novels and dramas did not attract notice, but a book of instruction on swimming — he was very talented in this area having organized the swimming pool at his army post and taught the people there how to dive and swim — was quite popular. He also founded magazines on outdoor life and horses, the first of their kind in Germany, and they did well. With this success, he was able to marry. In Leipzig, he put out a sports almanac for 1844 and "Taschenbuch für Jäger und Naturfreunde" ("Handbook for Hunters and Friends of Nature").
His circle of friends crystallized into the first literary club in Germany, and they waged a small war against the police and bureaucracy. An enthusiastic Protestant, he wrote historical studies of which "Historische Denkmale des christlichen Fanatismus" ("Historical Monuments to Christian Fanaticism"; 1845) is a typical title. This particular book was released in conjunction with the inauguration of the German Catholic movement in Leipzig, and was later republished as "Der Pfaffenspiegel" (1869) and supplemented by "Die Geissler" (3d ed., 1892-1893). A political magazine, "Die Locomotive", was shut down by the government censors. His "Illustrirte Weltgeschichte für das Volk" ("Popular Illustrated History of the World") did very well. In search of an effective and cheap reproduction technology for the illustrations in his "History", he developed a process eventually called "Corviniello," later fine-tuned while he was in prison, which became widely used.
In 1848, he fought in the barricades in the French uprising. The French provisional government then offered him generous support for democratic uprisings in Germany, however his offer to the Frankfurt parliament to form a national army was sharply rebuffed. In 1848-1849, after participating in the Berlin uprising, he took part in the Baden revolt, first as a colonel of militia under Mieroslawski in Mannheim, then as chief of the general staff in Rastatt. In Rastatt, he along with many others, found himself trapped there on June 30 by the Prussians. In September 1849, a court martial condemned him to death, but the sentence was commuted to six years' solitary confinement, which he passed at Bruchsal.
On his release, he went to London where he taught German and worked for Charles Dickens on "All the year round" and "Household Words". In 1857 in Soden, he finished the memoirs of his prison experience. An attempted return to Germany at Hamburg was frustrated by police chicanery, and he returned to London, his memoirs finally being published in 1861 in Amsterdam. That year he traveled to the United States of America to cover the Civil War for "The Times" and Augsburg "Allgemeine Zeitung", returning to Berlin in 1867 as a special correspondent for the New York "Times".
In Berlin, the Corvins lived with Prince Felix Salm and his wife Agnes Salm-Salm, whom they had met in America. Corvin edited the Salms' memoirs of Mexico and Emperor Maximilian. He covered the Franco-Prussian War for the Vienna "Neue Freie Presse", and papers in America, London and Germany. His experiences are described in his book "In France with the Germans" (1872). In 1878, he founded an association of German writers in Leipzig.
He died in 1886 in Wiesbaden.

</doc>
<doc id="20277019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277019" title="2008–09 Savannah State Lady Tigers basketball team">
2008–09 Savannah State Lady Tigers basketball team

The 2008–09 Savannah State Lady Tigers basketball team competed in American basketball on behalf of Savannah State University. The Lady Tigers were members of the NCAA Division I-AA, as an independent. The head coach is Cedric Hardy, who served his fifth year. The team played its home games at Tiger Arena in Savannah, Georgia.
The Lady Tigers entered the season seeking to improve on the 14–15 record posted in the 2007–08 season, but finished with a 8–20 regular season record. The Lady Tigers were 1–2 in the Division I Women's Independent Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20277023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277023" title="Silke Tesch">
Silke Tesch

Silke Tesch (born 5 July 1958 in Dautphetal-Holzhausen) is a German politician and a former member of the Parliament of Hesse for the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). 
On 5 April 2003, she was elected to the Parliament of Hesse. She was a member of the Bundesversammlung in 2004.
She was reelected to Parliament in the Hesse state election, 2008. On 3 November 2008, however, she declared, together with fellow SPD MPs Carmen Everts, Jürgen Walter and Dagmar Metzger, that she would not support Andrea Ypsilanti as Prime Minister of Hesse, in a planned election. Ypsilanti, chair of SPD in Hesse, was supposed to form a government with support of the leftist extremist (according to the Verfassungsschutz) party Die Linke, the successor of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED). The SPD party had, before the election, vowed not under any circumstances to cooperate with Die Linke.
Without the support of her party, Silke Tesch could not run for another term as a member of parliament in the 2009 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20277024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277024" title="Appingedam railway station">
Appingedam railway station

Appingedam is a railway station located in Appingedam, The Netherlands. The station was opened on 15 June 1884 and is located on the Groningen–Delfzijl railway. The original station building was nominated for heritage status, but was demolished after a fire in 1978. Nowadays the station is unstaffed and only basic platform facilities, as a shelter and a ticket machine, remain. The station is operated by Arriva.
Train service.
The following services currently call at Appingedam:

</doc>
<doc id="20277026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277026" title="Railways of Burma">
Railways of Burma

Railways of Burma may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20277041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277041" title="Basel Samih">
Basel Samih

Basel Samih Zaidan (born 17 June 1981)
Samih played for Al Sadd in the 2007 AFC Champions League. He also appeared for Qatar in an unofficial match at the 2002 West Asian Games.
Club career statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of 21 August 2011"
1Includes Emir of Qatar Cup.
2Includes Sheikh Jassem Cup.
3Includes AFC Champions League.

</doc>
<doc id="20277100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277100" title="Hamood Al Yazeedi">
Hamood Al Yazeedi

Hamood Al Yazeedi (born 1990) is a Quatari footballer. He currently plays as a winger for Al Sadd.

</doc>
<doc id="20277113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277113" title="Burrowing (politics)">
Burrowing (politics)

Burrowing is a slang term used in the United States to describe the practice in which political appointees are given civil service protection. Except for judges, political appointees are subject to losing their jobs when a new administration takes power. On the other hand, career government officials are protected from losing their jobs when a new administration takes over. Burrowing is therefore the practice of re-assigning people who do not have civil service protection into jobs that have civil service protection.

</doc>
<doc id="20277127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277127" title="Marie LeNotre">
Marie LeNotre

Marie LeNotre is the wife of Alain LeNotre, son of prestigious gastronomy chef Gaston Lenôtre. She was appointed Director of the Culinary Institute Alain & Marie LeNotre in 1998.
Education.
Marie LeNotre has a Bachelors Degree in Psychology from the University of Houston, a Bachelors Degree in Drama from the University of Athens, Greece, a Master's Degree in Public Health Education, from the University of Texas, and a Master's Degree in English and Creative Writing from the University of Houston.
Philanthropy.
In 2001, Marie LeNotre, with a group of philanthropist socialites of Houston, created the Culinary Endowment & Scholarship, a Texas non-for-profit organization that raises scholarship funds for underprivileged students who aspire to a culinary career. One hundred tuition scholarships have been disbursed so far to such students after many Charity Galas and the support of many generous friends. Marie is the President of the Houston Chapter Les Dames d' Escoffier, a society of professional women of achievement in the food and beverage industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20277156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277156" title="Gejza Pulen">
Gejza Pulen

Gejza Pulen (born 19 May 1979 in Rožňava) is a Slovak football goalkeeper.
Career statistics.
Last updated: 9 June 2009

</doc>
<doc id="20277177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277177" title="Jürgen Walter (SPD)">
Jürgen Walter (SPD)

Jürgen Walter (born 23 August 1968 in Jugenheim) is a German lawyer and politician, and a former member of the Parliament of Hesse for the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD).
He completed his law studies in 1996, and has since worked as an attorney. Walter became a member of the SPD in 1987, and was chairman of Jusos in Hesse from 1996 to 1999. He was a member of the city council of Gernsheim from 1993 to 2002. Jürgen Walter is a member of the Netzwerk Hessen, which together with the Netzwerk Berlin strongly supported the policies of Chancellor Gerhard Schröder.
In 1999, Walter was elected to the Parliament of Hesse. Until 2003, he was Secretary General of SPD Hesse, and from 2003 until November 2008, he was vice chairman of SPD Hesse. From February 2003 to January 2008, he was chairman of the SPD parliamentary faction in the Hessian parliament.
In August 2006, he was a candidate for the nomination as top candidate (and Prime Minister candidate) of SPD in Hesse. He received 165 votes, while leftist Andrea Ypsilanti received 175 votes.
On 3 November 2008, he declared, together with fellow SPD MPs Carmen Everts, Silke Tesch and Dagmar Metzger, that he would not support Andrea Ypsilanti as Prime Minister of Hesse, in a planned election. Ypsilanti, chair of SPD in Hesse, was supposed to form a government with support of the leftist extremist party Die Linke, the successor of the East German communist party. The SPD party had, before the election, vowed not under any circumstances to cooperate with Die Linke.
Without the support of his party, Jürgen Walter could not run for another term as a member of parliament in the 2009 election.

</doc>
<doc id="20277187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277187" title="Fabius (horse)">
Fabius (horse)

Fabius (foaled April 6 1953) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. In a career that lasted from 1955 through 1957 he ran sixty-two times and won eighteen races. He was best known for his performances in the 1956 Triple Crown: after finishing second in the Kentucky Derby he won the Preakness Stakes and finished third in the Belmont Stakes.
Background.
Fabius was a "delicate-looking" brown horse bred and raced by Lexington, Kentucky's Calumet Farm. He was from the first crop of foals sired by Citation who won the 1948 U.S. Triple Crown for Calumet in 1948 and became an inductee of the Hall of Fame. Citation was considered a disappointment as a stallion and Fabius was his only winner of a Triple Crown race. He was out of the mare Shameen, a daughter of the British Eclipse Stakes winner Royal Minstrel who was a son of the 2,000 Guineas Stakes winner, Tetratema. As a member of Thoroughbred "Family" 3-o, Fabius was distantly related to the British Classic winners Santa Claus, Carrozza and Shahrastani. Although Fabius was bred in Kentucky, his pedigree was overwhelmingly European: of the sixteen horses in the fourth generation of his pedigree, only two were of American origin.
The colt was sent into training with Horace A. "Jimmy" Jones and was usually ridden by Bill Hartack.
Racing career.
In his first race of 1956 Fabius won the Florida Purse at Hialeah Park Race Track. He then ran third in both the Fountain of Youth at Gulfstream Park and Hialeah's Flamingo Stakes. Four days before the 1956 Kentucky Derby Fabius recorded a one length win in the Derby Trial Stakes at Churchill Downs leading to his being considered a serious contender for the first leg of the Triple Crown: six of the previous eight Derby winners had finished either first or second in the Trial. In the Derby, Fabius went to the front after quarter of a mile and held the lead well into the stretch. An eighth of a mile from the finish he was overtaken by the favorite Needles and finished second, beaten three quarters of a length.
In the Preakness Stakes at Pimlico Race Course, Fabius started 2.5/1 second favorite behind Needles in a field of nine colts, with some observers expressing the view that the shorter distance and tighter turns could give him an edge over the Derby winner. Hartack sent Fabius into the lead half a mile from the finish and the Calumet colt held a clear advantage as the runners turned for home. Needles came from well back in the field to reduce the margin but could not catch Fabius, who won the second leg of the U.S. Triple Crown by one and three quarter lengths.
Fabius was expected to start favorite for the Belmont Stakes, especially after an impressive win in the Jersey Stakes on May 26 which led some commentators to draw comparisons with his sire Citation. In his final prep race, however, he ran disappointingly when he was beaten six lengths by the 23/1 outsider Ricci Tavi in the Leonard Richards Stakes at Delaware Park Racetrack. In the Belmont, Fabius got the better of a prolonged struggle with Ricci Tavi and Charlevoix to turn into the stretch one and a half lengths in front. As in the Derby, he was overtaken by Needles at the eighth pole and finished third, with the fast-closing Career Boy taking second place.
The rivalry between Fabius and Needles continued into 1957, but early in the year it was another Calumet horse, the five-year-old Bardstown who proved the best of the Handicap division. In early March, Fabius produced a "blazing stretch run" to win the Armed Handicap at Gulfstream Park, but in the climactic race of the Florida campaign Fabius and Needles were decisively beaten by Bardstown in the Gulfstream Park Handicap.
Stud record.
Fabius retired from racing to become a breeding stallion for Calumet Farm, but proved to be a failure as a sire of winners. From his few offspring, the best may have been multiple Canadian stakes winner, Fabe Count.

</doc>
<doc id="20277195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277195" title="Pat Kerwick">
Pat Kerwick

Pat Kerwick (born 18 May 1982) is an Irish hurler who played as a right wing-back for the Tipperary senior team.
Kerwick made his first appearance for the team during the 2006 Waterford Crystal Cup and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until he was dropped from the team prior to the 2012 National League. During that time he has won two Munster winners' medals. He ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
At club level Kerwick plays with Killenaule.
Playing career.
Club.
Kerwick plays plays his club hurling with Killenaule, however, he has enjoyed little success.
Inter-county.
Kerwick made his senior competitive debut for Tipperary in the 2006 Waterford Crystal Cup against Limerick, however, he remained on the periphery of the team for a number of seasons.
In 2008 Kerwick made his National Hurling League debut against Offaly in 2008, lining out at right half-forward and scoring 1-1 from play. Later that season he made is championship debut as Tipperary later reached the Munster final where they defeated a resurgent Clare team by 2-21 to 0-19. It was Kerwick's first Munster winners' medal. Tipperary were subsequently defeated in a tense All-Ireland semi-final by Waterford on a scoreline of 1-20 to 1-18. 
Kerwick won his second Munster medal in 2009 as Tipp defeated Waterford by 4-14 to 2-16. After a six-week lay-off and a facile semi-final win over Limerick, Tipp qualified for an All-Ireland final meeting with Kilkenny. For much of the match it looked as if Tipp would pull off a shock and deny 'the Cats' a record-equaling four-in-a-row. Two quick goals in the space of a minute, one from a penalty by Henry Shefflin, sealed a 2-22 to 0-23 victory and defeat for Tipperary. In spite of this defeat Kerwick was subsequently nominated for an All-Star award.
During the 2010 championship campaign Kerwick played no part in Tipperary's campaign. In spite if this he won an All-Ireland medal that year following Tipp's 4-17 to 1-18 defeat of Kilkenny. Kerwick sang "The Galtee Mountain Boy" following the presentation of the Liam MacCarthy Cup to Tipperary, reminiscent of the singing of "The West's Awake" after Galway's win in 1980.
Kerwick fell out of favour with new Tiperary manager Declan Ryan, and played no part in the 2011 championship. He was eventually dropped from the panel in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20277215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277215" title="Common Existence">
Common Existence

Common Existence is the fifth full-length album from rock band Thursday. It was released on February 17, 2009 on Epitaph Records. The band began recording at Dave Fridmann's Tarbox Road Studios on August 11, 2008. The album was completed in November 2008.
Song information.
The band explores many subjects, including marriage (”Last Call”), fatherhood (”As He Climbed the Dark Mountain”), and physical abuse (”Time’s Arrow”).
In a March 2009 interview, Rickly explained the album's title refers to humanity's shared experience, and that many of the songs were influenced by the words of his favorite poets and authors.
The album includes the track "As He Climbed The Dark Mountain," which previously appeared on the band's split EP with Japanese hardcore band Envy. The song "Last Call" originates from 2005 when five demos were leaked. While the first four were released on A City by the Light Divided, "Last Call" had not been released up until now.
On December 9, 2008, the band released the first new track from the album, "Resuscitation of a Dead Man", on their MySpace page. In early February, another new track, "Friends in the Armed Forces", was released for streaming on the band's MySpace page. In successive interviews with Spin.com and Rock Sound, keyboard player Andrew Everding and vocalist Geoff Rickly explained the track's significance:
"song is about a personal experience that Geoff had with someone we know who's serving in the Iraq conflict. It can be forced down your throat to support someone who's fighting for a cause you don't believe in... We support you as people but we don't support your efforts." - Andrew Everding, Rock Sound interview
"I have a close friend in the service and several others that have finished their tours... The song was inspired by my conversations with them and by my conversations with their family members. It's about the shifting of perspective when it comes to wrong and right - ultimately, the song is a wish for peace and wellbeing for my friends." - Geoff Rickly, Spin.com interview
A music video was filmed for "Resuscitation of a Dead Man" which features various pyrotechnics such as sparks falling around the band. Footage includes the band performing in a red room and urgent scenes of a man being rushed on a gurney. Later on, Thursday's amplifiers become engulfed in fire as well. In an interview on "No. 1 Countdown", band members stated that all pyrotechnics were indeed real and frequently singed their hair.
On September 15, 2009 Thursday with release a digital exclusive deluxe edition of "Common Existence" with five bonus tracks, the music video for "Resuscitation of a Dead Man" and a digital booklet.
Reception.
The album so far has a score of 72 out of 100 from Metacritic based on "generally favorable reviews". AbsolutePunk gave it an 88% and said, "Over the course of the last few years, Thursday has seemed to be the forgotten band, one we take for granted. But with "Common Existence", Thursday will be knocking down doors throughout 2009." Punknews.org gave it a score of four stars out of five and said, "true return to indie-dom, Common Existence is a good fit for Epitaph. Both sides prove they still know what good post-hardcore music sounds like. [...] "Common Existence" washes the bad taste of Sage Francis and Escape the Fate right out. The record is somehow forward-thinking, further pushing the more atmospheric approach glimpsed at on the band's split with Envy last year, yet speckled with retro stylings of previous albums. Sputnikmusic also gave it four stars out of five and stated, "Just when Thursday seems to stir in unfamiliar, unwanted territory, they manage to find a way to make it happen." "The A.V. Club" gave it a B and said it was "the band’s densest, most accomplished album to date, with sonic layers and the complexity of a big-budget record, without the bloat." "NME" gave it a score of seven out of ten and called it "a worthy addition to Thursday’s canon."
Other reviews are average, mixed or negative: "Blender" gave it a score of three stars out of five and said it "amps up the band’s aggro guitars, cookie-monster yells and proggy ambition." "Billboard" gave it an average review and said it "melds the band's hardcore influences with shoegaze and atmospheric elements, with mixed results." "The New York Times" also gave it an average review and called it "the least pungent and immediate Thursday album since its debut. In places it sounds like an experiment, sometimes a successful one." Melodic.net gave it a score of one-and-a-half stars out of five and called it "one of the biggest letdowns".
Track listing.
All music by Thursday. All lyrics by Geoff Rickly.
Digital deluxe edition bonus tracks
Personnel.
Thursday
Additional Musicians
Production
Art

</doc>
<doc id="20277230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277230" title="International Cotton Advisory Committee">
International Cotton Advisory Committee

The International Cotton Advisory Committee (ICAC) is an association of governments of cotton producing, consuming and trading countries which acts as the international commodity body for cotton and cotton textiles. 
Structure and history.
Founded at the International Cotton Meeting in Washington, DC in 1939, the ICAC advocates for cotton producing nations, publishes studies and technical information on the cotton industry, and holds an annual Plenary Meeting of member states. Its 2008 Plenary Meeting, the 67th, was held in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso in 2008. While most of the world's cotton producing nations are members, two of the ten largest producers (The Peoples Republic of China and Turkmenistan) are not members of the ICAC. All of the top five cotton exporting nations are members.
Member states.
Member nations and date joining:

</doc>
<doc id="20277236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277236" title="Pi Delta Kappa">
Pi Delta Kappa

Pi Delta Kappa (ΠΔΚ) was a regional collegiate sorority operating in Ohio from 1907 to 1913. The sorority planned to become a national organization, but ultimately absorbed itself into Chi Omega.
History.
Pi Delta Kappa was recognized by national fraternities, at least to be mentioned in their respective publications. Sigma Alpha Epsilon and Delta Delta Delta are but two of the groups that recorded the growth of Pi Delta Kappa.
An authority on fraternities in the US, Baird's Manual of American College Fraternities (1912 edition), covering Pi Delta Kappa, specifies the three chapters have a combined total of 75 members. Pi Delta Kappa was grouped with "Women's General Fraternities," which included the contemporary members of the National Panhellenic Conference.
The sorority's eventual absorption into Chi Omega was included in noteworthy publications, including Banta's Greek Exchange (1913).
Insignia.
According to Baird's Manual, 1912 edition: The official magazine was "The Hour Glass", the official colors were brown and yellow, and the official badge was an owl wearing a mortarboard with the sorority's letters.

</doc>
<doc id="20277268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277268" title="Bill Janis">
Bill Janis

William R. "Bill" Janis (born October 15, 1962, in Chicago) is an American politician of the Republican Party. From 2002 to 2012, he was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates. He represented the 56th district west of Richmond, including Goochland and Louisa Counties and part of Henrico County.

</doc>
<doc id="20277284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277284" title="Indian Education and Self-Assistance Act (Snyder Act)">
Indian Education and Self-Assistance Act (Snyder Act)

In United States federal legislation, the Indian Education and Self-Assistance Act (Snyder Act) was passed in 1917 and sponsored by Rep. Homer P. Snyder (R) of New York. 
It empowered the Bureau of Indian Affairs, under the Secretary of the Interior, to appropriate money for the general improvement of the quality of life among Native Americans on reservations including adult literacy programs and health care facilities. Although a step in the right direction, the appropriations provided for the next several decades still proved inadequate to what was needed.

</doc>
<doc id="20277292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277292" title="St. Gertrude's Hospital, Copenhagen">
St. Gertrude's Hospital, Copenhagen

St. Gertrude's Hospital, Copenhagen () was a locally important church and hospital in Copenhagen, Denmark.
History.
Saint Gertrude was one of the patron saints of travellers and merchants. She was a Benedictine nun, the daughter of Pepin of Landen and the first abbess of Nivelles Abbey in what is now Belgium. She died in 659 and was venerated as a saint even in her lifetime for her holiness. Many chapels dedicated to Saint Gertrude were found throughout Denmark where travellers could pause to pray for assistance. The chapels had wooden statues of the saint and were often located at important crossroads. 
In Copenhagen St. Gertrude's was located in the area known as Rosengaard. Nothing is known of its foundation: possibly it was built on the site of an earlier residence of one of Denmark's noble families, as it would have required a donation of property for the buildings. It was sited near the outer wall of the city, near the main road to the north gate ("Nørreport"). This location fits the usual pattern of Saint Gertrude's chapels elsewhere in Denmark at important crossroads and entrances to towns. 
The establishment consisted of a chapel, or church, together with a quasi-religious community, or fraternity ("samfund"). The fraternity was never affiliated with one of the recognized orders, but remained under the supervision of local priests in the charge of a "decanus" (dean or deacon).
In addition to the chapel itself and the buildings that housed the brothers there was also a building for the sick and poor, the origin of the hospital. There was also a graveyard, perhaps older than the original St. Gertrude's chapel itself. Over time St. Gertrude's came into possession of properties inside, and perhaps also outside, the city walls, which provided its income. 
In 1397, during the reign of Margaret I, St. Gertrude's was being run as a religious house where weary travellers and itinerant workers could find a place to stay. Before 1454 a church existed on the site, though it continued to be called St. Gertrude's Chapel after the church was gone.
St. Gertrude's was not a priory in the strict sense, although several contemporary documents refer to it as such.
By 1517 St. Gertrude's had fallen on hard times. The graveyard had acquired a reputation as a place where criminals were buried, and the popular nobleman Torben Oxe was beheaded there by order of Christian II.
In 1524 the running of St. Gertrude's Hospital was combined with St. Anne's Hospital, Copenhagen. By 1530 the chapel had been abandoned and any money collected in the offertory box was to go towards funding the hospital, and not to the "decanus".
Dissolution.
By 1530 St Gertrude's had become a hospital for common people. During the Reformation and the dissolution of religious communities in Denmark, the disposition of the property apparently lay in the hands of crown administrators. The crown's rights and interest in the property were given to the knight Johan Bjørn; the same day the dean or deacon of St. Gertrude's received the rights to Rosbæk Mill Farm, presumably to replace his lost income. The church was listed among those under consideration to become parish churches in Copenhagen by the State Council Commission which had been established to determine the future of religious buildings after the Reformation. Eventually the entire institution was converted into a hospital which expanded over time.
Later history.
St. Gertrude's Hospital was destroyed in the great city fire of 1728. The only remains from the original St. Gertrude's are the large vaulted cellars beneath the present buildings at Coal Market Square (). The hospital building was rebuilt even larger and more splendid than before. During the British bombardment of Copenhagen in 1807, the tower of the hospital caught fire and collapsed into the body of the building, causing major damage. The building was repaired and the tower rebuilt, though without the gilding that had made it a target of the British gunners.
Occasionally skeletal remains and coffins are uncovered during modern excavations. Parts of the second hospital building survive and have become a well-known restaurant which preserves the original name "St Gertruds Kloster".

</doc>
<doc id="20277309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277309" title="Federal Aid Highway Act of 1921 (Phipps Act)">
Federal Aid Highway Act of 1921 (Phipps Act)

The Federal Aid Highway Act of 1921, November 9, 1921, ,sponsored by Sen. Lawrence C. Phipps (R) of Colorado, defined the Federal Aid Road program to develop an immense national highway system. The plan was crafted by the head of the National Highway Commission, Thomas MacDonald and was the first coherent plan for the nation's future roads. 
Dr. L. I. Hewes opened the Western Headquarters Office of the Bureau of Public Roads to administer federal-aid highway and direct federal highway construction programs in 11 western states, including Alaska and Hawaii. It provided Federal 50-50 matching funds for state highway building up to 7% of roads statewide. By the end of 1921, more than $75 million in aid had been given to the states. 
In 1922, the Bureau of Public Roads commissioned Gen. John J. Pershing to draw up the “Pershing Map” for construction purposes and to give the government a clear understanding of which roads in the U.S. were the most important in the event of war. The “Pershing Map” was the 1st official topographic road map of the United States. From it, the hiking “Appalachian Trail“ from Maine to Georgia was begun in 1922. By 1923, the roads authorized by the act had been completed.

</doc>
<doc id="20277327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277327" title="Willis–Campbell Act">
Willis–Campbell Act

The Willis–Campbell Act of 1921, sponsored by Sen. Frank B. Willis (R) of Ohio and Rep. Philip P. Campbell (R) of Kansas, prohibited doctors from prescribing beer or liquor as a “drug” to treat ailments. 
The Act kept in force all anti-liquor tax laws that had been in place prior to the passage of the Volstead Act in 1919, giving authorities the right to choose whether or not to prosecute offenders under prohibition laws or revenue laws, but at the same time guaranteeing bootleggers that they would not be prosecuted in both ways.

</doc>
<doc id="20277360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277360" title="Russian Famine Relief Act">
Russian Famine Relief Act

The Russian Famine Relief Act of 1921 authorized the expenditure of $20,000,000 for the purchase of American foodstuffs to send to post revolutionary Russia, for relief of the Russian famine of 1921. 
The Act was overseen by Herbert Hoover, serving simultaneously as the U.S. Secretary of Commerce and the head of the American Relief Administration, and signed into law in late December. With the Russian Civil War winding down, and Lenin having implemented the pseudo-Capitalist New Economic Policy (NEP) in order to get the Russian economy back on its feet, some like Hoover and Sen. William E. Borah (R) of Idaho that hoped that the aid would serve as political leverage against the Bolshevik regime. 
Others, President Warren G. Harding, Senator Henry Cabot Lodge, and the business Conservatives within the Administration refused to countenance the idea, unless the Soviets were willing to pay back the money loaned to the Tsar’s regime during the war. Lenin refused, and so while the act was a genuine humanitarian gesture, it accomplished little in changing the tense relationship between the United States and the Soviet Union. 

</doc>
<doc id="20277376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20277376" title="Military Surplus Act (Kahn–Wadsworth Act)">
Military Surplus Act (Kahn–Wadsworth Act)

The Military Surplus Act (or Kahn-Wadsworth Act) was signed into US law by the 66th US Congress in 1920. Sponsored by Representative Julius Kahn (R) of California and Senator James Wolcott Wadsworth, Jr. (R) of New York, it distributed 25,000 surplus army trucks to state highway departments for road-building purposes.

</doc>
