<doc id="20318735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318735" title="Lava River Cave">
Lava River Cave

The Lava River Cave near Bend, Oregon, is part of the Newberry National Volcanic Monument, which is managed by the United States Forest Service. The cave is an excellent example of a lava tube. At 5,211 feet (1,588 m) in length, the northwest section of the cave is the longest continuous lava tube in Oregon. While the cave’s discovery in 1889 was officially credited to a pioneer hunter, the presence of obsidian flakes near the cave has led archaeologists to conclude that Native Americans knew about the cave long before settlers arrived in central Oregon.
The cave is located at .
Geology.
The eruption which formed this Lava River Cave occurred about 80,000 years ago. The source is believed to be near Mokst Butte southeast of the entrance. The same volcanic flow that formed the cave underlies much of the Bend area and almost reaches Redmond, Oregon. However, the specific vent that created the cave has been buried by several younger flows.
The Lava River Cave was created by lava flowing downhill from a volcanic vent. The lava flowed northwest from the vent toward the Deschutes River. The flow began as a river of lava flowing in an open channel. Eventually, a lava crust solidified over the top of the flowing lava. This formed a roof over the river, enclosing it in a lava tunnel or tube. When the eruption from the vent stopped, the lava drained out of the tube leaving a lava tube cave behind. After the cave cooled, a section of its roof collapsed. This collapsed section provided the entrance to both the uphill (southeast) and downhill (northwest) cave sections.
The area around the Lava River Cave receives about 18 inches (457 millimeter) of precipitation per year. Over the centuries, water from rainfall and snow melt has seeped down through the soil and cracks in the cave roof depositing sand on the cave floor. Small rivulets of water carry the sand downhill, plugging the far end of the cave with sediment. As a result, no one knows how far the cave actually extends beyond the sand plug.
Environment.
The forest surrounding the cave entrance is dominated by large ponderosa pine trees with sagebrush, manzanita, bitterbrush, snowbrush, and chokecherries as the main ground cover. Along the short path leading from the forest floor down to the cave entrance, visitor will also find serviceberry, False Solomon Seal, squaw currant, Oregon grape, and small willow trees.
Animals common in the forest around the cave include Golden-mantled Ground Squirrels, chipmunks, western gray squirrels, porcupines, weasels, pine martens, and mule deer. In 1991, park personnel observed a full-grown cougar ran out of the cave entrance area, but that was a single sighting. There is also a wide range of resident and migratory bird species common to the area. Small resident birds include wrens, robins, juncos, thrushes, woodpeckers, sapsuckers, red-shafted flickers, and ruby-crowned kinglets. Larger birds include great horned owls, red-tailed hawks, vultures, and a few golden eagles.
Forest Service biologists have identified several species of spiders, worms, centipedes, and millipedes that live inside the cave. There are also mice and bats that live in the cave year around. The cave's bat population is relatively small and the bats are very shy so visitors rarely see them. In fact, bats usually remain in hibernation until July, and when active they are nocturnal so they are asleep during the day when the cave is open. If a bat is sighted, the Forest Service recommended that it be left undisturbed. Waking it from hibernation is extremely stressful, and can cause the bat to die from the sudden expenditure of energy.
History.
The presence of obsidian flakes near the cave has led archaeologists to conclude that Native Americans knew about the caves long before any pioneers arrived in the Oregon country. The first recorded discovery is credited to a local settler named Leander Dillman, who found the cave opening on a hunting trip in 1889. Legend has it that Dillman found the cave entrance while following a wounded deer. After its discovery, he used the cave to cool his venison. The cave acquired its name from a 1923 geology study published by Ira A. Williams. The study also provided the first map of the cave.
In 1926, the Shevlin-Hixon Lumber Company donated the site around the cave entrance to the State of Oregon for a park. In 1981, the cave and above ground park area were acquired by the Forest Service as part of a land exchange with the State government. In November 1990, the cave was incorporated into the Newberry National Volcanic Monument. However, it is still managed by the Forest Service along with the rest of the Newberry monument area.
Cave tour.
The cave's entrance appears as a large hole in the ground. At its mouth, the entrance trail drops suddenly over a jumble of volcanic rocks. This area is known as the "Collapsed Corridor". It is the result of ground water freezing in rock cracks in the ceiling. Loosened rocks eventually fall. Over the centuries, the fallen rocks have accumlated into a large boulder pile. Since freezing temperatures occurs only near the mouth of the cave, most rock-falls are in this area. To get down the rock pile, visitor must descend 126 steps with guard rails for safety. At the bottom of the stairs is a large cool chamber where winter ice fills cracks in the floor and ice stalactites often cling to the ceiling until June.
After a short walk, the ceiling reaches a height of 58 feet (18 m). At this point, the width of the cave is 50 feet (15 m). This massive volcanic archway is called "Echo Hall". The smooth walls are remarkably symmetrical so sounds echo in the huge chamber. In this section, remnants of the ancient lava flow’s current can be seen molded in the tunnel walls. They appear as rounded over-hanging shelves and lateral markings etched in the walls. The end of this hall is about 1,500 feet (457 m) into the cave. At that point, the cave passes under Highway 97. The underground crossing is marked by a small sign post.
One of the most unique parts of the cave is the "Sand Garden", located about 3,000 feet (914 m) from the entrance. Here the floor of the cave is covered with sand. The sand was carried into the cave by dripping water. The sand is fine volcanic ash from the eruption of Mount Mazama 6,600 years ago. Rain and melting snow carried the ash down from the surface through cracks in the rock and deposited it on the floor of the cave one grain at a time. Occasionally, enough water leaks into the cave to create a pool. This allows the sand to spread out across the floor. At the Sand Garden, the constant dripping of water has carved spires and pinnacles in the sand. Since it takes hundreds of years to build these delicate sand forms, the Forest Service has fenced off the garden area to protect it. The 2,211 feet (674 m) of cave trail beyond the Sand Garden has a sandy floor. Along the way, the ceiling descends lower and lower until the sand fills the cave. The last 310 feet (95 m) of the cave was dug out of the sand plug by two men in the 1930s. Exploring this section of the cave requires visitors to crawl on hands and knees for much of the distance to the cave’s end, and usually takes at least thirty minutes.
The air temperature at the mouth of the cave ranges from about 32 degrees to around 45 degrees Fahrenheit (-1 degrees to around 7 degrees Celsius) depending on the time of year. Inside the cave, it is a constant 42 degrees (5.6 degrees Celsius). As a result, the Forest Service strongly recommends that visitors wear a warm jacket while exploring the cave. Lanterns can be rented at the visitor center above the cave entrance. Personal lanterns are also permitted; however, in order to protect the cave’s fragile environment, they cannot have glass globes or use kerosene or white gas. Battery powered lights are best, but they must provide reliable illumination for at least one hour.

</doc>
<doc id="20318752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318752" title="University Street (Link station)">
University Street (Link station)

The University Street Station is a Downtown Seattle Transit Tunnel Station located under Third Avenue between Union and Seneca Streets in Downtown Seattle. Sound Transit's Central Link light rail trains serve this station alongside King County Metro and Sound Transit Express buses. It is completely underground, with entrances in the 1201 Third Avenue Tower (Third Ave. & Seneca St.), the Cobb Building parking garage (Third Ave. & University St.), Benaroya Hall (Third Ave. & University St.) and a wheelchair accessible walkway to Second Avenue and University Street. 7,900 daily light rail boardings are predicted for the year 2020.
The Second Avenue and University Street entry passage includes wall tiles with music-related inscriptions.

</doc>
<doc id="20318792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318792" title="Barrel chest">
Barrel chest

Barrel chest generally refers to a broad, deep chest found on a man. A man described as barrel chested will usually have a naturally large ribcage, very round torso, large lung capacity, and can potentially have great upper body strength. It can sometimes be a sign of acromegaly (a syndrome resulting from excess levels of Growth Hormone in the body). It is most commonly related to osteoarthritis as individuals age. Arthritis can stiffen the chest causing the ribs become fixed in their most expanded position, giving the appearance of a barrel chest. 
Barrel chest also refers to an increase in the anterior posterior diameter of the chest wall resembling the shape of a barrel, most often associated with emphysema. There are two main causes of the barrel chest phenomena in emphysema:

</doc>
<doc id="20318822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318822" title="Charles B. Garrigus">
Charles B. Garrigus

Charles B. Garrigus (June 13, 1914 – October 4, 2000) was an American poet and professor who was California Poet Laureate from 1966 to 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20318824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318824" title="The Gift (Kenny Rogers album)">
The Gift (Kenny Rogers album)

The Gift is a 1996 holiday album by country music superstar Kenny Rogers.
This fourth holiday album brought Rogers back to the charts, both with the album itself (#10 on the country charts, #63 pop and #1 on the holiday and Christian charts), but also with a single ("Mary, Did You Know?" with Wynonna Judd made it to #55 on the country charts).
"The Gift" was originally released in 1996 on the independent Magnatone Records. Rogers left the label in 1997, and since then Curb Records has taken over what was issued on Magnatone and re-released "The Gift" for the 2002 Christmas season.

</doc>
<doc id="20318835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318835" title="Westlake (Link station)">
Westlake (Link station)

Westlake Station is a Downtown Seattle Transit Tunnel Station in Downtown Seattle under Pine Street between Third and Sixth Avenues, served by Sound Transit and King County Metro buses and Central Link light rail trains. It is the northern terminus of Central Link until the opening of the University Link extension around 2016. It is completely underground, with entrances from Westlake Center, Nordstrom, Macy's, Coldwater Creek, and on Pine Street between 3rd and 4th. 8,700 daily Link light rail boardings are predicted for the year 2020.
Facilities.
The Metro Customer Stop provides customer information and sells transit passes. It is located on the west end of the mezzanine near Macy's
Transit Connections.
There is an elevator from the station to the Seattle Center Monorail at the third floor of Westlake Center. Several entrances are near the southern terminus of the South Lake Union Streetcar and near transfer points to surface buses toward Belltown, Queen Anne Hill, Magnolia, Fremont, Shoreline, Green Lake, and Redmond, among many other locations.
At the opening of Link Light Rail to the Eastside (projected as 2023), Westlake Station will serve both the Central Link and East Link lines.

</doc>
<doc id="20318845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318845" title="Hallyuworld">
Hallyuworld

Hallyuworld is a complex that has a major role in the production and consumption of contemporary Korean culture. It is being constructed by Gyeonggi-do, one of the biggest Provinces of Korea.
The objective of Hallyuworld is to make regional Hallyu more globalized and create an organized system of Korean culture. It will be completed in Goyang-si, Korea by 2011. The main facilities will be a theme park, hotels, commercial facilities, and the content production facilities.
In 2013, South Korea's Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism announced a US$635.18 million project to support the construction of a much awaited concert arena dedicated to hosting K-pop performances, with them aim of attracting more tourists and to support the spread of Hallyu.

</doc>
<doc id="20318848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318848" title="Nobelius Siding">
Nobelius Siding

Nobelius Siding is situated on the Puffing Billy Railway in Emerald. The siding was built in 1904 to service the adjacent packing shed built the same year. The siding was originally used to load rail trucks with Nursery seedlings and plants for the C.A. Nobelius' Gembrook Nursery for shipment throughout Australia. The Nobelius nursery was once the largest plant nursery in the Southern Hemisphere with 200,000 trees grown on 180 hectares.
The Packing Shed has been restored by Puffing Billy Volunteers and is now used by the Railway as a function centre, mainly in association with the evening Dinner Trains which run on most Friday and Saturday evenings (plus other selected evenings) from Belgrave to Nobelius Siding, where passengers disembark and enjoy a 3-course meal inside the Packing Shed before returning on the train to Belgrave.

</doc>
<doc id="20318870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318870" title="Pandan, Angeles">
Pandan, Angeles

Historical Background.
The history of Pandan starts off in exactly the same way as those of most areas in the Philippines and we can go as far back as the Spanish occupation of the country. The history starts in 1796 when the entire province was claimed by "Don Angel de Miranda" in search of a new settlement. They cleared out a part of the woods and made the area suitable for farming. In 1899 when the American forces arrived, the inhabitants of Pandan were among the Filipino soldiers who defended Angeles City, a battle which lasted three whole months. The history of Pandan will tell us that despite the battle between the Filipinos and Americans during the latter’s first arrival, these men fought side by side during the second World War.
The late part of the 18th century was the founding of another barrio in Angeles. Through the initiative of the late "Don Jose “Pepe” Henson", together with "Don Clemente N. Dayrit Sr". Barangay Pandan was born. The forefathers decided to clear the area and cultivate it to make it more productive and suitable for growth.
The barrio acquired its name from the plants that are growing abundantly in the area- the "pandan plants". These plants are used, until now, to add aromatic and exotic scents in most delicacies and rice cooking.
With the eighty-one pioneers that established residence in the area, it has grown to a blooming number of 17,895 residences in the barrio’s population projection for 2011.
Facilities.
Barangay Hall: 1
Schools.
Additional Infomation.
Chapels: 5
Recreational Facilities
Basketball Court: 3
Grotto

</doc>
<doc id="20318892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318892" title="Spirituals (album)">
Spirituals (album)

Spirituals is an album by David Murray released on the Japanese DIW label. It was released in 1988 and features seven quartet performances by Murray with Fred Hopkins, Dave Burrell and Ralph Peterson Jr..
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars stating "David Murray mostly sticks to spirituals on this Japanese import, a quartet outing with pianist Dave Burrell, bassist Fred Hopkins and drummer Ralph Peterson, but that does not mean that all of the improvising is mellow and melodic. There are some peaceful moments on tunes such as "Amazing Grace" and a spirited "Down by the Riverside," but Murray's playing is so violent on "Abel's Blissed Out Blues" as to be almost satirical. A mixed success from the masterful tenor.".

</doc>
<doc id="20318909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20318909" title="Stereo Concert">
Stereo Concert

Stereo Concert is The Kingston Trio's second live album, released in 1959 (see 1959 in music). It was never released in monaural—unusual for a record release in 1959.
The original release was issued with the same cover as the group's debut album "The Kingston Trio". It was recorded live on December 15, 1958, Liberty Hall, El Paso, TX. Additional material on the expanded CD reissue actually was recorded at the hungry i in San Francisco. The liner notes do not acknowledge this. 
The album was recorded by a private party and later purchased by Capitol for release.
Track listing.
The original LP release had five songs per side. "Raspberries, Strawberries" and "The Merry Minuet" were not included on "Stereo Concert Plus".

</doc>
<doc id="20319000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319000" title="Deep End (short story)">
Deep End (short story)

"Deep End" is a short story written in 1961 by British author J. G. Ballard. It first appeared in the May 1961 edition of "New Worlds" (Volume 36, Number 106) and then in the 1962 collection "The Voices of Time and Other Stories" followed by "" in 2006. The tale is typical of Ballard's dystopian science fiction.
Setting.
In either a near-future or alternate present reality, the Earth lies nearly desolate after extensive overuse of its resources in order to colonise other planets. The oceans had undergone 'oxygen mining' to electrolytically provide oxygen for the atmospheres for the new planets, and in doing so had left only the hydrogen extract from the water, which escaped the Earth and stripped the Earth's hospitable atmosphere to about a mile high, and insuring the extinction of most life. As a result, the remaining inhabitants that have not emigrated are forced to live on the drained ocean floors, and have become nocturnal so as to avoid the scorching heat and radiation of the Sun during the day. The last orbiting launch pads are falling out of the sky to the salt dunes and corals towers that were once the ocean bed, and after the last have fallen, the Earth is truly abandoned.
Story.
The two central characters are Holliday and Granger, who live in a ‘town‘ near the Bermuda archipelago. Holliday is of unspecified age (though it is said he is younger than fifty). He decides not to migrate on one of the last voyages to Mars, and instead decides to remain on Earth with Granger, an older man who was once a marine biologist decades ago when there was still some form of sea left on the planet. Holliday comes to terms with the fact that he and Granger may be the only two people left on Earth in ten years time (the remaining others being elderly), but he cannot shake his urge to stay, and watch over what remains of the Earth's life before its inevitable extinction. 
One day Holliday and Granger are in a saloon fittingly called the Neptune, when they see the crash of one of the decadent launch pads falling from the sky. They decide to visit the site, a nexus of saline pools and the only remnants of the Atlantic ocean - now named Lake Atlantic. Whilst inspecting the large wreckage of the launch station, they come across a Dogfish struggling in the shallow waters. Granger fails to see any importance in it, but Holliday immediately becomes attached to it, and using his salt-plough builds it a deeper pool to live in comfortably. When Granger asks of his fascination, Holliday explains that the shark is like an image of themselves staying behind and equates the situation with primordial evolution. Holliday vows to look after the shark, and what he considers to be the epitome of remaining life on the planet.
Whilst bringing the shark food the next day, they come across the pool drained and the shark dying after being tormented by young hoodlums before they leave Earth. Granger tries to comfort an enraged and disturbed Holliday and suggests that he stuff the dead fish to keep with him. Holliday reacts angrily to this, replying: “Have it stuffed? Are you crazy? Do you think I want to make a dummy of myself, fill my own head with straw?”.
The story ends with Holliday’s disillusionment with what he considers the true death of the planet.

</doc>
<doc id="20319012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319012" title="Albany Great Danes football">
Albany Great Danes football

The Albany Great Danes football program is the intercollegiate American football team for the University at Albany located in the U.S. state of New York. The team competes in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) as a football-only member of the Colonial Athletic Association (CAA). The 2013 season is the Great Danes' first in the CAA, following a 14-year tenure in the Northeast Conference.
Albany played football as a club sport in the 1920s, but dropped that program in 1924. The modern era of Albany football began in 1970, when the school restored football as a club sport. The team was upgraded to full varsity status in 1973. From the revival of football in 1970 through 2012, the team played its home games at the 10,000 seat University Field in Albany, New York. Albany opened a new 8,500-seat stadium, Bob Ford Field, for the 2013 season. The stadium is named after Bob Ford, who was the Great Danes' head coach from 1970 through 2013.
History.
One of the most well known coaches at the university is football coach Bob Ford. The architect of the University at Albany's football program, Ford was Albany's only head coach from the reinstatement of the program after a 46-year absence until his retirement at the end of the 2013 season. Ford joined the program in 1970 when it was a club. After only three seasons at the club level, the program was upgraded to varsity status in 1973, and finished with a 7–2 record. In 1974, the team finished 9–0, the school's only undefeated season. Ford has put together a record of 246-156 with the Great Danes, while his 256 career victories rank first among active NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) head coaches. His UAlbany teams own an 80-52 mark for a .606 winning percentage as a Division I FCS program. (records as of end of 2011 season). Ford recorded his 250th career win with a 38-10 victory against Duquesne on October 8, 2011.
During his time with Albany, Ford led the Great Danes to one ECAC North Championships (D-III), one Division III Playoff appearance, two East Football Conference Championships and three Northeast Conference Championships (two Co-Championship).
Ford's knowledge has also created a "coaching factory scenario" at the university. More than 100 coaches, who have started their careers under Ford, are currently employed with 60 different high schools, colleges, and professional teams from around the world.
1999–2010: Start of Division I Football
The Great Danes have been successful in football since its first season on the Division I-AA level. In the 1999 season the Great Danes compiled a 7–2 overall record, finishing 6–1 in-conference, which was good for second in the NEC.
In 2002, Ford's team had its first big successful season at the Division I level. The Great Danes, led by running-back Gary Jones, would win the program's first-ever Northeast Conference title. They would go on to defeat unbeaten Duquesne in the 2002 ECAC Bowl. Jones would set the single-season rushing record mark with 1,509 yards (1,380 m) and scoring a program record 22 rushing touchdowns.
Jones would break his own single-season mark the following season, rushing for 1,524 yards (1,394 m). He would also become the programs all-time leading rusher with 3,033 yards (2,773 m) in only two seasons with the Great Danes.
Success for Ford's program continued during the 2006 season. The Great Danes would defeat #11 FCS ranked University of Delaware (a full-scholarship program) 17–10 in front of just over 22,000 people on September 16. Two weeks later, for the first time in the program’s history, the team would be ranked in both The Sports Network and College Sporting News Division I-AA national polls, ranked at No. 23 in both national rankings. The Great Danes would finish the season 7–4.
The 2006 season also marked a major change in recruitment of athletes for the football program. The program, which had played non-scholarship football since being established, had begun offering scholarships to part of its roster players, joining other Northeast Conference programs in the expansion of the conferences football teams.
Despite starting the season 1–3, including loses to #19 Hofstra and #2 University of Montana, the Great Danes in 2007 would run through the NEC Conference, going 6–0, to win their second conference championship. In what was deemed the 'NEC Championship Game', UAlbany defeated Central Connecticut State University 49–14 in the final regular season game. The Great Danes became the fifth team in NEC history to go undefeated in conference play. The victory also gave them a postseason appearance against the University of Dayton of the Pioneer League in the Gridiron Classic in Dayton, Ohio.
UAlbany continued its run during the 2008 season despite playing an un-orthodox schedule to start the season. The Great Danes would play their first five games of the season on the road, three against Top 25 ranked FCS opponents, and eight consecutive road games from the 2007 to the 2008 season. UAlbany would be the lone Football Bowl Subdivision and Football Championship Subdivision team to not play at home in August or September of the 2008 season.
Led by running-back David McCarty, who would break Gary Jones single season and career rushing record during the season, the Great Danes would go 7–0 to win their second consecutive NEC Championship. The undefeated season marked a 13 conference game winning streak, second longest in NEC History, and the second time in conference history a team won back-to-back championships. The Great Danes defeated the Jacksonville University Dolphins in their second consecutive appearance in the Gridiron Classic on December 6, 2008 by a score of 28–0.
Prior to the 2008 season, the NCAA Board of Directors' approved the expansion of the Division I Football Championship Subdivision post-season bracket, allowing the Northeast Conference to gain automatic access into the Division I Football Championship beginning in 2010. The NEC’s automatic access could come sooner than 2010 if its champion meets specified criteria of the Football Championship Committee for an at-large spot.
In 2011, after 39 years of running the program, Ford's program would reach a major accomplishment. The Great Danes would finish the season 8-3 (7-1 in conference), despite starting the season 0-2. The team would finish the season as co-champions with Duquesne. However, because of a 38-10 victory against the Dukes earlier in the season, the Great Danes would win their first ever trip to the NCAA Division I Football Championship. They would play former NEC opponent and Big South Champions, the Stony Brook Seawolves in the first round of the tournament. They would lose 31-28, as the Seawolves came up with an interception at the goal-line with under a minute to play. Stony Brook coach Chuck Priore graduated from Albany, played for Bob Ford and was running back coach for Albany from 1983-85.
The Great Danes would have strong leaders on the 2011 team. Senior quarterback, Dan Di Lella would lead an offense that averaged 34.2 point per game. Di Lella would set a school record for most touchdowns passes in a single season. On defense, senior captain defensive-end Eddie Delaney would set a single season school record for sacks. Delaney would also get national recognition for his success on the field despite being a diabetic and having been born without a left hand.
Bob Ford Field and move to CAA
On April 17, 2012, the university broke ground on a new multi-sport complex that would be available for use beginning in Fall 2013. Along with a complex that will be the new home for football and soccer, a new track will be created on the current football field, University Field. The plans to build the stadium were revealed in the summer of 2011. The new stadium, which the field will be named Bob Ford Field, will hold initially 6,000. However, the stadium will be built so future expansion can take place upwards to 10,000 to 15,000.
It was announced on August 7, 2012 that beginning in 2013, the football program would accept an increase in scholarships and move out of the Northeast Conference and into the Colonial Athletic Association. Stony Brook, a former Northeast Conference rival, would also be making the move with them.
On November 17, 2012, the Great Danes played their final NEC Conference game and final game at University Field against Central Connecticut State. UAlbany defeated the Blue Devils 63-34, finishing 78-24 all-time against NEC opponents and 127-65 at University Field. The Great Danes also clinched a share of the NEC Championship. However, they did not win the NEC automatic bid do to a loss against Wagner (one of only two loses on the 2012 season) and finishing in a tie with the Seahawks.
On August 13, 2013, Bob Ford, announced that after the 2013 season (his 45th year at UAlbany), he would be retiring. On November 16, 2013, Bob Ford coached his final home game for the Great Danes.
Notable former players.
Notable alumni include:

</doc>
<doc id="20319060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319060" title="James Armsey">
James Armsey

James W. Armsey (December 13, 1917 – November 2, 2008) was an American who served as an executive at the Ford Foundation where he oversaw the distribution of nearly a half billion dollars in grants. Through his efforts in the 1960s, the foundation denied grants to segregated universities, leading to the admission of the first black students at several major universities in the United States.
Early life.
Armsey was born in Olney, Illinois on December 13, 1917 and attended the University of Illinois where he earned a Bachelor of Science degree in journalism in 1941. He served for five years in the United States Army during World War II as a public relations officer at various posts in the United States and in New Delhi in the India-Burma Theater, and left the Army with the rank of Major. After his military service, he returned to the University of Illinois was awarded a master's degree in political science in 1946.
Career.
He was director of public relations at the Illinois Institute of Technology from 1947 to 1952 under the Institute's president Henry T. Heald, and was assistant to the Chancellor of New York University from 1952 to 1956 when Heald moved there. When Dr. Heald took a position with the Ford Foundation, Armsey followed him again.
Armsey was at the Ford Foundation until 1975, in a variety of positions, including as director of its programs in higher education, journalism and public broadcasting. The programs he oversaw distributed grants from the foundation totaling $497 million in foundation grants.
From 1960 to 1967, Armsey was the director of the higher education programs, which gave grants to colleges and universities with few strings attached, other than requirements than the schools raising matching funds from other sources. These grants, which gave $362 million to colleges and universities during this period, were some of the largest offered at the time. The grants included $220 million to 16 private universities, $125 million to a group of 68 liberal arts colleges and $13 million to 13 historically black colleges and universities.
In discussions with the Ford Foundation's President Henry T. Heald in 1962, Armsey urged that the colleges and universities that were recipients of the organization's grants should be required to admit black students. The foundation's board approved the proposal. the new policy was not announced publicly, and all notifications of the affected schools were done in private. As a result of these changes, several schools that had been effectively segregated admitted their first black undergraduate students, including Duke University, Emory University, Tulane University, Vanderbilt University and a number of major private colleges.
The Foundation initiated a program in 1968 with the goal of preparing minority students to become college instructors. Directed by Armsey, the program offered grants to Native American and Mexican-American students studying for doctoral degrees, and was later expanded to include black students. Grants offered through the program totaled $36 million.
Death.
Armsey died at age 90 on November 2, 2008 at his home in Urbana, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="20319085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319085" title="Alabama A&amp;M Bulldogs football">
Alabama A&amp;M Bulldogs football

The Alabama A&M Bulldogs are the college football team representing the Alabama Agricultural and Mechanical University. The Bulldogs play in NCAA Division I Football Championship as a member of the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
Rivalries.
The Alabama State Hornets are A&M's arch-rival as the teams play annually in the Magic City Classic on the last Saturday in October at Historic Legion Field. A&M and State first played each other in 1936, though the annual classic series began in 1940 in Birmingham, which is roughly halfway between the two campuses. The two competed from 1947-1975 in Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference. The rivalry has intensified since A&M joined State in the Southwestern Athletic Conference in 1999, with the two teams regularly in contention for the Eastern Division Crown. The all-time series is currently tied 37-37-3 with A&M having won the last 11 of the last 14 contests.
The Bulldogs other in-state rivalry is with Tuskegee Golden Tigers. The Bulldogs and Tigers began their series with in 1932 and would not meet on the girdiron for another 20 years. They played annually from 1963-1999 including 35 years as conference rivals in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference. The series was discontinued when A&M moved up to Division I (FCS) and joined the SWAC. A&M and Tuskegee resumed a two game set from 2008-2009, the latter as an installation of the Circle City Classic in Indianapolis. The two teams are currently in the midst of a four game series through 2014. A&M leads the all-time series 26-19-3, having won the last 3 in a row.
A&M and the Tennessee State Tigers have a rivalry dating back to the 1930s. After a 30 year hiatus, the two teams resumed play in the 1970s. TSU dominated the series well into the 1980s, winning the first 15 contests. A&M scored its first win, a 7-6 victory in 1986, followed by another 24-6 win in 1987. A&M and TSU met annually for a decade beginning in 2001, usually on Labor Day Weekend in the John Merritt Classic at Nashville's LP Field. Since their last contest in 2010, TSU holds a 21-8 series lead, with A&M winning 6 of the last 9 meetings.
Additionally, the Bulldogs has developed new rivals upon their entrance to the SWAC in 1999. A&M's has a budding rivalry with the Jackson State Tigers, who long with Alabama State and A&M are the only schools to represent the Eastern Division in the SWAC Championship Game. JSU leads the all-time series 15-8, with the teams splitting the last 10 games. A&M primary interdivisional rival is the Grambling State Tigers. Grambling (7) and A&M (6) lead the league in title game appearances and have squared off against each other in the SWAC Championship Game a record 4 times. Grambling currently holds a 17-6 series edge, with A&M winning 2 of the last 3 games played.
Championships.
Conference Championships.
A&M has won a total of 13 conference championships in football with their most recent title coming in a win over Arkansas-Pine Bluff in the 2006 SWAC Championship Game. AAMU has 12 previous conference crowns as a member of the Division II Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (SIAC) from 1947-1997.
Division Championships.
The Bulldogs have won a total of 6 SWAC Eastern Division Championships, each time earning a berth to the SWAC Championship Game.
Bowl Games.
A&M has participated in two College Division Bowl Games.
Alumni in the NFL.
Over 16 Alabama A&M alumni have played in the NFL, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20319114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319114" title="Le Trabendo">
Le Trabendo

The Le Trabendo is a musical concert venue located at the Parc de la Villette, in the 19th arrondissement of Paris, France. The capacity is 700. In 2000, it was relaunched with its current name, Le Trabendo. It is surrounded by a red building. 
The concert theatre has hosted great figures of jazz, rhythm and blues.

</doc>
<doc id="20319117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319117" title="Alabama State Hornets football">
Alabama State Hornets football

The Alabama State Hornets are the college football team representing the Alabama State University. The Hornets play in NCAA Division I Football Championship as a member of the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
The Hornets play their home games in The New ASU Stadium. A brand new, state-of-the-art 26,500-seat on-campus stadium that opened November 22, 2012.
Championships.
National championships.
None
College Football Hall of Fame members.
None
Alumni in the NFL.
Over 20 Alabama State alumni have played in the NFL, including:
Tyrone Rodgers

</doc>
<doc id="20319132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319132" title="William Leman Rede">
William Leman Rede

William Leman Rede (31 January 1802 - 3 April 1847) was one of the many prolific and successful playwrights who composed farces, melodramas, burlettas (light musical and comedies), and travesties, primarily for theatres such as the Olympic, Strand, and Adelphi, in the early nineteenth century. He proudly proclaimed himself a follower of Thomas Frognall Dibdin, W. T. Moncrieff, James Robinson Planché, Douglas William Jerrold, and John Baldwin Buckstone-writers who established the "minor drama." This term referred to plays that were produced at venues other than Covent Garden, Drury Lane, and the Haymarket, the "patent theatres" that had a legal monopoly on the presentation of serious, non-musical productions. The minor dramas did so well, however, that the patent theatres soon augmented their own bills with the same type of fare.
Family.
Rede's father, Leman Thomas Rede, was a barrister and member of the Inner Temple. He was also a newspaper writer, and the author of several works, including "Studies of Nature" (1797)-an abridged translation of Jacques-Henri Bernardin de Saint-Pierre's three-volume "Études de la nature" (1784–1788)-and "Anecdotes and Biography" (1799), and the compiler of the 1789 edition of the "Bibliotheca Americana". Plagued with debts, Leman Thomas Rede moved his family from London to Hamburg, Germany. William Leman Rede was born there on 31 January 1802. After his father's death in 1810, his mother (d. 29 September 1835) moved back to London with her five children. Rede briefly considered a career as a boxer and held an office job with a solicitor but was soon drawn, like his older brother Leman Thomas Tertius Rede, to acting. He excelled in light comedy roles and frequently played with the eminent actor Edmund Kean. In 1821 he married a teenager, Frances Lucy Mellor; they had three children, all of whom died young. His first play, "Sixteen String Jack", a fictionalized account of the famous highwayman of that name, premièred at the Royal Coburg Theatre on 18 February 1823. After bearing three children Frances Rede died in 1824 and after her death Rede became a travelling player, acting in barns, inns and impromptu venues. Rede married Sarah Cooke, an actress, in 1830 or 1832.
Rede was prolific though not disciplined in his approach to writing, and at various times produced song lyrics, novels, magazine articles, reference works and plays. He sometimes worked with his elder brother, Leman Thomas Tertius Rede; the two were known in theatrical circles as "the inseparables". He was often short of money but was remembered as sociable, witty and always ready to contribute his time towards a 'benefit' for a fellow actor. Habitually an early riser, fit and a 'plain liver', he died unexpectedly of apoplexy at home on 3 April 1847, leaving a widow and son. He was buried in Clerkenwell cemetery in the same grave as his brother, who had died in 1832.
Works.
Plays.
"Sixteen-String Jack" (1823) 
"Professionals Puzzled, or, Struggles at Starting" (1832)
"The Rake's Progress"(1832)
"The Old Stager and the New" (1835) written as a vehicle for comedian John Liston to introduce the new recruit Charles James Mathews; the former was shown as a traditional kind of coachman and the latter as his son.
"Flight to New York" (1836), written as a vehicle for Thomas D. Rice and incorporating his 'Jim Crow' persona. 
"Life's a Lottery" (1842)
"Our Village" (1843)
"The Old House of West Street" (1844) (Withdrawn from the licensing process on advice from the lord chamberlain's examiner of plays because of its excessive violence.)
"The Boyhood of Bacchus" (1845), probably Rede's last play. 
His most successful play, "The Rake's Progress"(1832), which later opened at the New York City Theatre on 23 January 1833, is based on William Hogarth's "A Rake's Progress" (1735), a cautionary series of eight prints depicting Tom Rakewell, a middle-class aspirant to aristocratic status who inherits a fortune from his miserly father, seduces and impregnates his maid, indulges in debauchery, is arrested, marries an unattractive but wealthy older woman, gambles away her fortune, goes to debtor's prison, and ends up in a madhouse. Catering to popular tastes, Rede converted the ugliness of Hogarth's world to light comedy, modernized the story, added songs, and included episodes of sentimentality; he admits in the preface to the published version (1833) that "I knew that to realize Hogarth's pictures was an impossibility." "The Rake's Progress" was his first drama to be printed, although allegedly nothing of the production was written down until it was revised for publication by John Duncombe.
Novels.
"The Wedded Wanderer, or, The Soldier's Fate "(1827)
"The Royal Rake, and the Adventures of Alfred Chesterton" (privately printed, 1842, and serialized in the Sunday Times, 1846): a satire on George IV.

</doc>
<doc id="20319135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319135" title="Alcorn State Braves football">
Alcorn State Braves football

The Alcorn State Braves are the college football team representing the Alcorn State University. The Braves play in NCAA Division I Football Championship as a member of the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
Alumni in the NFL.
Over 50 Alcorn State alumni have played in the NFL, including:

</doc>
<doc id="20319138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319138" title="Aaron Taylor (baseball)">
Aaron Taylor (baseball)

Aaron Wade Taylor (born August 20, 1977 in Valdosta, Georgia), nicknamed Big Country, is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher for the Seattle Mariners.
Taylor was drafted by the Atlanta Braves in the 11th round of the 1996 Major League Baseball Draft and was drafted in the Rule 5 Draft by the Seattle Mariners. He made his debut for the Mariners on September 9, , but gave up 4 earned runs in only 1 inning. He made his final appearance on October 2, . On December 20, 2004, Taylor was traded to the Colorado Rockies for Sean Green, but he never pitched a game for the Rockies. In , he played 3 games for the independent Chico Outlaws of the Golden Baseball League.

</doc>
<doc id="20319162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319162" title="Chelsea Bridge (song)">
Chelsea Bridge (song)

"Chelsea Bridge" (1941) is a jazz standard written by Billy Strayhorn. The song has been recorded by Duke Ellington, Ben Webster, Wynton Marsalis, Keith Jarrett, Lew Tabackin, Vince Guaraldi, Joe Henderson and Tony Bennett, among many others. Ella Fitzgerald recorded it with Ellington on her albums "Ella Fitzgerald Sings the Duke Ellington Songbook" (1957) and "Ella and Duke at the Cote D'Azur" (1967).
In 1958, lyrics were written for the song by Bill Comstock, a member of the The Four Freshmen for their album "Voices In Latin". According to Ellington biographer James Lincoln Collier, during a trip to Europe, Strayhorn actually saw a J. M. W. Turner or James McNeill Whistler painting of Battersea Bridge and mistakenly named the song after Chelsea Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20319166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319166" title="Butler Bulldogs football">
Butler Bulldogs football

The Butler Bulldogs football program is the intercollegiate American football team for Butler University located in the U.S. state of Indiana. The team competes in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) and are members of the Pioneer Football League. Butler's first football team was fielded in 1887. The team plays its home games at the 7,500 seat Butler Bowl in Indianapolis, Indiana. The Bulldogs are coached by Jeff Voris.
Notable former players.
Notable alumni include:

</doc>
<doc id="20319177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319177" title="Campbell Fighting Camels football">
Campbell Fighting Camels football

The Campbell Fighting Camels football program is the intercollegiate American football team for Campbell University located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. The team competes in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) and are members of the Pioneer Football League, one of two members in North Carolina (the other being Davidson). Campbell's first football team was fielded in 2008. The team plays its home games at the 5,000 seat Barker–Lane Stadium in Buies Creek, North Carolina. The Fighting Camels were coached by Dale Steele from 2008-2012. Campbell announced on November 5, 2012 that they would not retain head coach Dale Steele following the conclusion of the 2012 season. Steele was the head coach for the Camels for six years compiling a 14-41 record. On November 27, 2012 it was announced that Mike Minter, former safety for the National Football League's Carolina Panthers would be the head coach.
Notable former players.
Notable alumni include:

</doc>
<doc id="20319190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319190" title="Dartmouth Big Green football">
Dartmouth Big Green football

The Dartmouth Big Green football team represents Dartmouth College in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) college football competition as a member of the Ivy League. The team possesses a storied tradition that includes a national championship, a record seventeen Ivy League championships, and eleven College Football Hall of Fame inductees.
History.
The sport of football, in its embryonic form, was played on the campus as early as 1876. Goalposts were erected on the green where they stood for several months, before being removed for the 1877 commencement. The first intercollegiate game occurred on November 16, 1881, when Amherst traveled to Dartmouth. The Green won with a score of one goal to none. On November 21, the teams met in Amherst, Massachusetts for a rematch on Thanksgiving Day, and the scoreless game ended prematurely in a tie because of snow. In the following years, Dartmouth played games against some of the best teams in the nation. In 1882, Dartmouth played Harvard for the first time and lost, 53–0. In 1884, Yale visited Dartmouth and routed the Green, 113–0. The Elis teams did not return to Hanover until 1971.
From 1887 to 1898, Dartmouth competed against schools such as MIT, Amherst, and Williams as a member of the Triangular Football League. During that period, the Big Green secured eight conference championships, all of them outright except one shared with MIT in 1888.
From 1901 to 1909, Dartmouth compiled a 58–9–7 record under several different head coaches. In 1901, Dartmouth played their first game against their intrastate rivals, UNH. In 1903, Dartmouth traveled to Harvard for the dedication game of their opponents' stadium. The Green, who had lost the first 18 meetings by a combined margin of 552 points to 18, upset the Crimson, 11–0. From 1911 to 1916, Frank "the Iron Major" Cavanaugh, led the Green to a 42–9–3 record. He volunteered for World War I at the age of 41, and was replaced as coach by one of his former players, Clarence Spears. Spears attained a 21–9–1 record with the Green, and went onto further success at West Virginia and Minnesota, among others. 
Before the 1922 game against Harvard, the media began referring to Dartmouth as "the Indians", in addition to their preexisting nickname of the Big Green. In 1923, Jesse Hawley took over as head coach. In 1925, the Green finished 8–0, and two of that team's players, Swede Oberlander and Myles Lane, were later inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame. One, Nathan Parker, became a Rhodes Scholar. The Indians were named 1925 national champions by Parke H. Davis and the Dickinson system.
Earl "Red" Blaik became head coach in 1934 and posted a 45–15–4 mark in his seven seasons. In 1935, he led them to their first victory over Yale, 14–6. Between 1936 and 1938, the Green compiled a 22-game unbeaten streak, but declined an invitation to the 1937 Rose Bowl. Against Cornell, in 1940, they played the infamous Fifth Down Game. In 1941, Blaik left to coach the Army team at West Point, whom he led to two consecutive national championships.
Dartmouth played its first season of football as a member of the Ivy League in 1956. Future Hall of Fame inductee Bob Blackman took over as head coach and went on to compile a 104–37–3 record and seven Ivy League titles. Jake Crouthamel, from 1971 to 1977, and Joe Yukica, from 1978 to 1986, each coached the Green to three more Ivy League championships. The 1978 Ivy League Player of the Year, Buddy Teevens, succeeded Yukica in 1987. Teevens spent five years at Dartmouth and captured two conference championships. John Lyons led the Green to two more titles and another 22-game unbeaten streak. Teevens returned in 2005 and currently remains head coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20319204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319204" title="The Professional (film)">
The Professional (film)

The Professional () is a 2003 comedy/drama, based on 1990 drama of the same name, written and directed by famous Serbian playwright Dušan Kovačević. This movie earned its cult status by showing some of the darkest moments in Serbian history in actual and sometimes even comic way. This movie was nominated for seven awards of which it received five.[http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0339535/]
Plot.
Former university literature professor Teodor "Teja" Kraj (played by Branislav Lečić) is now a manager of a big publishing house whose workers are just about to go on strike. During the 1990s Teja was highly involved in overthrowing the regime of Slobodan Milošević. One day a strange man entered his office carrying a big suitcase. Teja was sure this man was a writer when he gave Teja four books ready to be published. After a short conversation Teja found out that these books were actually his. Teja thought this was a joke when stranger finally introduced himself as Luka Laban (played by Bora Todorović), a former officer of State Security. He also found out that Luka followed him for ten years, day after day, in order to make the daily report about his movements. After Luka retired he put all his daily reports together and wrote four books about Teja's movements for last ten years.
Teja was surprised when he heard that wherever he was, Luka was behind him. As they continue to talk, the last ten years of their lives begin to appear. Teja heard that Luka intended to kill him during the anti-regime demonstrations in March 1991. Teja was amazed with what he heard and from this point movie gives us retrospective view of the past events. In all these situations Teja was fighting against regime and Luka was right behind him monitoring his movements. The first time Luka really tried to kill Teja was in 1995 after one of the demonstrations Teja took part in. When Luka told Teja that it was him who hit him with the car after these demonstrations Teja intended to kill Luka but he was stopped by his secretary. While he was talking to Luka Teja was interrupted in many occasions by the union leader Jovan who threatened to take workers to streets.
In the New Year eve of 1997 Luka found out that his daughter Ana, who was Teja's student, was dating Teja, what gave him personal interest to ruin Teja's life. He made photos of these two which he used to ruin his marriage. Because of these photos Teja lost his job as a university professor. Teja reminded Luka that his daughter finished in a hospital after she suffered nervous breakdown and left university. When he asked Luka why he did that Luka answered: "Yes, she left the university but she also left you." After that Ana went to live in Canada and Luka promised to her that one day he is going to have a friendly conversation with Teja.
Luka than opened the suitcase he brought with himself. The suitcase was full of ordinary things Teja lost during last ten years mostly when he was completely drunk. Luka than started telling him stories related to things he lost. The more he was talking Teja started to remember the miserable moments of his life for last ten years. Now he finally found out that Luka was the man who destroyed his life, ruined his marriage and he even "helped" Teja to lose his job. Stories of these two men described some of the darkest events in Serbian history.
At the end of the movie Luka saved Teja's life when the union leader Jovan, at that point Teja realized he was a National Security agent, tried to kill him. Luka said he wanted Teja to have those four books he brought and a drama they just played because Luka recorded everything they said. Luka than gave Teja Ana's phone number in Canada to call and tell her had friendly talk. After this they departed as friends.
Cast.
Branislav Lečić as Teodor Teja Kraj
Bora Todorović as Luka Laban
Nataša Ninković as Marta
Dragan Jovanović as Gipsani Teja's friend
Josif Tatić as Maki
Miodrag Krstović as Jovan
Gorica Popović as Journalist
Renata Ulmanski as Teja's mother
Stole Novaković as Teja's father
Dana Todorović as Ana 
Aljoša Vučković as waiter
Branislav Lečić was intentionally chosen to play the role of Teodor Teja Kraj because he actively participated in overthrowing the Milošević's regime. Videos from the demonstrations that were used in making this movie are real and were not made for the movie purposes as well as Lečić's speeches on these videos.
Play and Movie.
Although these two share the same theme there are many differences between the play and the movie of the same name. The earliest events described in the movie are from 1991 while the play was written in 1990. Therefore, director Dušan Kovačević used the idea of the relationship between these two characters but not the same events covered in the play.

</doc>
<doc id="20319211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319211" title="Aaron Taylor">
Aaron Taylor

Aaron Taylor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20319212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319212" title="Duquesne Dukes football">
Duquesne Dukes football

The Duquesne Dukes football program is the intercollegiate American football team for Duquesne University located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. The team competes in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) and are members of the Northeast Conference. Duquesne's first football team was fielded in 1891*. The team plays its home games at the 2,200 seat Arthur J. Rooney Athletic Field in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The Dukes are coached by Jerry Schmitt.
History.
The Dukes started play in 1891 and have had a semi-continuous program since 1902. They were Northeast Conference co-Champions in 2011 and 2013. Previously, Duquesne football was a member of the NCAA Division I Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference, winning or sharing 11 conference titles.
Duquesne was the ECAC Bowl champions and NCAA Division I FCS Mid-Major National Champions in 2003. The team was the 1995 ECAC Bowl Champions as well. Duquesne was rated #1 in NCAA Division I by the Massey Ratings in 1941 and won a NCFA Club National Championship in 1973 after the program was revived in 1969 by then student-athlete Sam Costanzo in cooperation with University administration.
Major bowl games.
The Dukes had some success before NCAA college football's alignment into divisions. Duquesne won the 1934 Festival of Palms Bowl and 1937 Orange Bowl.
AP Poll appearances.
From 1933 to 1942, Duquesne was among the elite college football teams in the United States, garnering the sixth-highest winning percentage (71-22-2, .762) in the nation behind Alabama, Tennessee, Duke, Fordham and Notre Dame. In 1941, Duquesne finished the season undefeated and untied, earning a No. 8 Associated Press ranking while leading the nation in scoring defense, rushing defense and total defense. (Duquesne also led all of NCAA Division I football in scoring defense in 2002 and rushing defense, passing defense and total defense in 2005.)
Innovations.
Duquesne is noted for establishing numerous firsts in collegiate football. Former head coach Elmer Layden is credited with devising the system of hand signals that officials use today. The signal system was put to use for the first time on November 11, 1928, when Duquesne hosted Thiel College at Pitt Stadium. Layden was also the first coach to use two sets of uniform jerseys for home and away contests. In 1929, graduate student manager John Holohan conceived the idea of Pittsburgh's first night game at Forbes Field. On the evening of November 1 that year, the Dukes made history by defeating Geneva College, 27-7, in front of more than 27,000 spectators. This led to the Duquesne Football team's nickname "the Night Riders."
At the club level, Duquesne won the 1973 National Club Football Association national championship at Three Rivers Stadium and was runner-up in 1977.
The Dukes football team also boasts the greatest all-time intraconference winning streak in NCAA Division I FCS history with 39 straight wins in the MAAC. The 39-game streak also ties for the second-longest intraconference winning streak in NCAA Division I Football history, five games shy of the all-time record.
The National Football League's Pittsburgh franchise has drafted more players out of Duquesne University than any other institution.
Notable former players.
Notable alumni include:
1. Leigh Bodden
2. Mike Basrak
3. Boyd Brumbaugh
4. Al DeMao
5. Aldo Donelli
6. Ray Kemp
7. Josh Rue
Year-by-year results.
Yearly football results.
Yellow = .500 record Orange = above .500 record; Green = undefeated
1891-1892: Results Unavailable

</doc>
<doc id="20319216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319216" title="Lovers (David Murray album)">
Lovers (David Murray album)

Lovers is an album by David Murray released on the Japanese DIW label. It was released in 1988 and features six quartet performances by Murray with Fred Hopkins, Dave Burrell and Ralph Peterson Jr..

</doc>
<doc id="20319229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319229" title="Fordham Rams football">
Fordham Rams football

The Fordham Rams football program is the intercollegiate American football team for Fordham University located in the U.S. state of New York. The team competes in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) and are members of the Patriot League. Fordham's first football team was fielded in 1882. The team plays its home games at the 7,000 seat Coffey Field in Bronx, New York. The Rams are coached by Joe Moorhead.
History.
Fordham defeated Waynesburg in the first televised football game in 34-7 in 1939.
Notable former players.
Notable alumni include: John Skelton, Steve Skelton, Isa Abdul-Quddus, Vince Lombardi 1934-1936
Championships.
Conference championships.
Fordham won the Patriot League in 2002 and 2007, earning the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA FCS (previously I-AA) playoffs. 
The Rams defeated Northeastern in the first round of the 2002 playoffs, before falling to Villanova in the quarterfinals. Fordham fell to Massachusetts in the opening round of the 2007 playoffs.
Rivalries.
Active rivalry.
Columbia Lions.
The Liberty Cup was instituted in 2002 to honor the alumni of both schools who were lost in the attacks of September 11, 2001. The Cup also honors all of those who lost their lives on September 11th, including members of the various city and state agencies (FDNY, NYPD, EMS, Port Authority, etc.)
The Rams lead Liberty Cup series 8-4, including winning the past four meetings. The all-time series began in 1890 (only three games were played between the two schools from 1890 to 1972), with the Lions holding a 12-10 advantage.
Holy Cross Crusaders.
The Ram-Crusader Cup has been contested since 1951, when the cup was dedicated to the memory of Major Frank W. Cavanaugh. The "Iron Major" spent three seasons as the head coach at Holy Cross (1903-1905, 19-10-2) and six seasons as the head coach at Fordham (1927-1932, 34-14-4). Major Cavanaugh died in August, 1933.
Fordham has won the past two games between the two squads, but Holy Cross leads the Ram-Crusader Cup series,16-12. Since the all-time series began in 1902, the Crusaders lead 27-22-2.

</doc>
<doc id="20319268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319268" title="Maine Black Bears football">
Maine Black Bears football

The Maine Black Bears football program is the intercollegiate American football team for the University of Maine located in the U.S. state of Maine. The team competes in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) and are members of the Colonial Athletic Association. Maine's first football team was fielded in 1892. The team plays its home games at the 10,000 seat Alfond Stadium in Orono, Maine. The Black Bears are coached by Jack Cosgrove.
Notable former players.
Notable alumni include:
Championships.
Conference championships.
1949, 1951, 1952, 1961, 1965, 1974, 1982, 1987, 1989, 2001, 2002, 2013

</doc>
<doc id="20319284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319284" title="UMass Minutemen football">
UMass Minutemen football

The UMass Minutemen football team is a collegiate football team representing the University of Massachusetts in the NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision and the Mid-American Conference. UMass began play in 1879 and have since appeared in three FCS National Championship games, winning the title in 1998. The Minutemen began a two-year Football Bowl Subdivision transition period in 2011. They became bowl eligible in 2013. Mark Whipple is the head football coach.
Team history.
Early years.
UMass began playing football in 1879 when the school was known as Massachusetts Agricultural College, and the team was known as the "Aggies." They were first organized the previous fall by Francis Codman, but did not play their first game until November 22, 1879, defeating the Amherst College freshman team 4–0. As this was their only game that year, 1879 is noted as their first undefeated season, matched only by the 1889 season (2–0) and the 1963 season (8–0–1). Massachusetts later teamed up with Storrs Agricultural College (now the University of Connecticut) and Rhode Island College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts (now the University of Rhode Island) to form the Athletic League of New England State Colleges for the purpose of scheduling football matchups between the schools. The first meeting between the Aggies and each of the other schools resulted in a shutout win for Massachusetts, as they defeated Connecticut, 36–0, in 1897 and Rhode Island, 46–0, in 1903. Massachusetts won their 100th game on October 2, 1920, topping rival Connecticut in a 28–0 shutout. The team played their 1000th game on November 11, 2000, losing to conference foe Delaware, 19-31.
Program evolution.
The team's nickname has endured several changes throughout the years. Though the official nickname remained "Aggies," "Statesmen" was also used interchangeably beginning when the school was renamed to Massachusetts State College in 1931. The nickname was officially changed to the "Redmen" when the name of the college became the University of Massachusetts in 1947. In a response to changing attitudes regarding the use of Native American-themed mascots, they changed their mascot in 1972 to the Minuteman, based on the historical "minuteman" relationship with Massachusetts; women's teams and athletes are known as Minutewomen.
UMass has enjoyed various levels of success over the years. As a founding member of the Yankee Conference, Massachusetts won 17 Yankee Conference Championships, appearing in one National Championship game during that timespan. They fell to Florida A&M in this inaugural Division 1-AA Championship, 35–28. UMass' success continued as they began competition in the Atlantic 10 Conference in 1997. They went on to win four more conference titles while playing in the A-10 and make two more appearances in the National Championship game, winning it all in 1998. In 2006 the Minutemen took home the last A-10 title (the A-10 handed off management of their football league to the Colonial Athletic Association after the season) and made their most recent Championship game appearance. Their most recent conference championship came in 2007, the inaugural season under the CAA name.
Transition to the Football Bowl Subdivision.
On April 20, 2011, after decades of studies and speculation, the UMass Minutemen formally announced they elevated their football program to the NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision and became a member of the Mid-American Conference beginning with the 2012 season. The announcement was made at Gillette Stadium, where the Minutemen currently play their home games. In 2011, UMass completed their last season in the Colonial Athletic Association, and were not eligible for NCAA postseason play. UMass plays a full FBS and MAC schedule in 2013 and became eligible for the MAC championship and bowl participation.
The NCAA made a formal announcement of UMass' admission to FBS in the Summer of 2013 after the program met specified measures over its two transitioning years. The primary criteria centered around average attendance, an increase in scholarships from 63 to 85 and specific scheduling requirements. The NCAA did announce that the team must meet attendance requirements or face a 10 year probationary period. Along with joining the Mid-American Conference the men's and women's basketball teams will play four non conference games against MAC teams.
Conference championships.
UMass has won a total of 22 conference championships. Following is a list of the years, affiliations, and records for those Championship seasons.
Conference affiliations:
Facilities.
Alumni Field.
The first field that the Minutemen played at was called Alumni Field, and was situated on the south end of campus. This field was replaced in 1915 by a new venue, also called Alumni Field. It was replaced in 1965 by Alumni Stadium, and later became the location of the Whitmore Administration Building.
McGuirk Alumni Stadium.
The Minutemen played their last home football game for three years at McGuirk Alumni Stadium, a 17,000 seat stadium on the UMass Amherst campus in 2011. The stadium itself sits just over the town line in neighboring Hadley, Massachusetts. The inaugural game took place on September 25, 1965 when UMass defeated the AIC Yellow Jackets, 41–0. Since the opening, UMass has enjoyed a decided home field advantage, posting a 182–79–2 record when playing at McGuirk. The attendance record at McGuirk was set during a UMass football game against Boston College on November 25, 1972; 20,000 fans were in attendance. Official plans have been made to renovate and expand McGuirk for a future return of UMass football. The expansion project will include locker rooms, luxury suites, another press box and training facilities. In the 2012 and 2013 seasons UMass will play all their home games at Gillette Stadium, but they will return to McGuirk for three games in 2014.
Gillette Stadium.
UMass first played at Gillette Stadium in the "Colonial Clash" against the University of New Hampshire on October 23, 2010. This game was renewed for the 2011 season as UMass played New Hampshire there again. Beginning in 2012 Gillette Stadium is the home of the UMass Minutemen football team continuing through at least 2013. After that, UMass will play a minimum of four home games at Gillette Stadium through the 2016 season. Following that five-year agreement, there will be an option for additional home games to be played at Gillette.
Individual awards.
UMass has had more than 70 players named to various All-American teams since Lou Bush garnered the first selection for the Minutemen (then called the Aggies) in the early 1930s.
Conference honors.
The following is a list of all Minutemen who were named Player, Coach, or Rookie of the Year for their respective conference.
College Football Hall of Fame.
The following is a list of all Minutemen inducted in the College Football Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20319290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319290" title="Lajjun">
Lajjun

Lajjun (, "al-Lajjûn") was a Palestinian Arab village located northwest of Jenin. Named after an early Roman legion camp in Palestine called "Legio", located at the village site, Lajjun's history of habitation spanned some 2,000 years. Under Abbasid rule it was the capital of a subdistrict, during Mamluk rule, it served as an important station in the postal route and during Ottoman rule, it was the capital of a district that bore its name. After the collapse of the Ottoman Empire towards the end of World War I, Lajjun and all of Palestine was placed under the administration of the British Mandate. The village was entirely depopulated during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, when it was captured by Israel. Most of its residents subsequently fled and settled in the nearby city of Umm al-Fahm.
Etymology.
The name "Lajjun" derives from the Roman name "Legio", referring to the Roman legion stationed there. In the 3rd century, the town was renamed "Maximianopolis" ("City of Maximian") by Diocletian in honor of Maximian, his co-emperor, but the inhabitants continued to use the old name. Under the Caliphate, the name was Arabicized into "al-Lajjûn" or "el-Lejjûn", which was used until the Crusaders conquered Palestine in 1099. The Crusaders restored the Roman name "Legio", and introduced new names such as "Ligum" and "le Lyon", but after the town was reconquered by the Muslims in 1187, "al-Lajjun" once again became its name.
History.
Antiquity.
Lajjun is about south of Tel Megiddo, also called Tell al-Mutasallim, which is identified with ancient Megiddo. During the rule of the Canaanites and then the Israelites, Megiddo, located on the military road leading from Asia to Egypt and in a commanding situation, was heavily fortified by both peoples. After the Bar Kochba Revolt—a Jewish uprising against the Roman—had been suppressed in 130 CE, the Roman emperor Hadrian ordered a second Roman legion, "Legio VI Ferrata", ("Ironclad"), to be stationed in the north of the country to guard the Wadi Ara region, a crucial line of communication between the coastal plain of Palestine and the Jezreel Valley. The place where it established its camp was known as Legio. Then in the 3rd century CE, when the army was removed, Legio became a city and its name was augmented with the adjectival Maximianopolis.
Arab rule.
According to some Muslim historians, the site of the Battle of Ajnadayn fought between the army of the Rashidun Caliphate under generals Khaled ibn al-Walid and Amr ibn al-'As, and the Byzantine Empire in 634 CE was at Lajjun. Following the Muslim Arab victory, Lajjun, along with most of Palestine, and southern Syria were incorporated into the Caliphate. According to 9th-century Persian geographer Estakhri, Lajjun was the northernmost town in Jund Filastin (District of Palestine). Arab geographer Ibn Hawqal supports this claim in 977.
The 10th-century Persian geographer Ibn al-Faqih writes of a local legend related by the people of Lajjun regarding the source of the abundant spring used as the town's primary water source over the ages: there is just outside of al-Lajjun a large stone of round form, over which is built a dome, which they call the Mosque of Abraham. A copious stream of water flows from under the stone and it is reported that Abraham struck the stone with his staff, and there immediately flowed from it water enough to suffice for the supply of the people of the town, and also to water their lands. The spring continues to flow down to the present day.
The Abbasid army under supreme commander Ibn Ra'iq, in an attempt to subdue the Ikhshidids of Egypt, fought against them in an indecisive battle at Lajjun. During the battle, Abu Nasr Husayn—the general of the Ikhshidids and brother of their king—was killed. Ibn Ra'iq saw Husayn's dead body, grew sympathetic and offered his seventeen year-old son, Abu'l-Fath Muzahim, to King Muhammad bin Tughj Al-Ikhshid "to do with him whatever they saw fit". The king thought of this as an honorable act, and instead, gave Muzahim several gifts and robes, then married him to his daughter Fatima.
In 945, the Hamdanids of Aleppo and the Ikhshidids fought a battle in Lajjun. It resulted in an Ikhshidid victory putting a halt to Hamdanid expansion southward under the leadership of Sayf al-Daula. Arab geographer al-Muqaddasi writes that in 985, while Lajjun under the rule of the Abbasid Caliphate, was "a city on the frontier of Palestine, and in the mountain country... it is well situated and is a pleasant place". He also says that it was the center of a "nahiya" ("subdistrict") that formed a part of Jund al-Urrdun (District of Jordan), and in turn, part of the Province of Syria. The "nahiya" included the towns of Nazareth and Jenin.
Crusader, Ayyubid and Mamluk periods.
When the Crusaders invaded and conquered the Levant from the Fatimids in 1099, al-Lajjun's Roman name was restored and the town formed a part of the lordship of Caesarea. During this time, Christian settlement in Legio grew significantly. John of Ibelin records that the community "owed the service of 100 sergeants". Bernard, the archbishop of Nazareth granted some of the tithes of Legio to the hospital of the monastery of St. Mary in 1115, then in 1121, he extended the grant to include all of Legio, including its church as well as the nearby village of Ti'inik. By 1147, the de Lyon family controlled Legio, but by 1168, the town was held by Payen, the lord of Haifa. Legio had markets, a town oven and held other economic activities during this era. In 1182, the Ayyubids raided Legio, and in 1187, it was captured by them under the leadership of Saladin's nephew Husam ad-Din 'Amr and consequently its Arabic name was restored.
In 1226, Arab geographer Yaqut al-Hamawi writes of the Mosque of Abraham in Lajjun, the town's "copious stream", and that it was a "part of the Jordan Province". A number of Muslim kings and prominent persons passed through the village, including al-Kamil, the sixth Ayyubid sultan, who gave his daughter 'Ashura' in marriage to his nephew while visiting the town in 1231. The Ayyubids ceded Lajjun to the Crusaders in 1241, but it fell to the Mamluks under Baibars in 1263. A year later, a party of Templars and Hospitallers raided Lajjun and took 300 male and female captives to Acre. In the treaty between Sultan Qalawun and the Crusaders on June 4, 1283, Lajjun was formally listed as belonging to the Mamluks.
By 1300, the Province of Syria was completely controlled by the Mamluks and divided into nine kingdoms. Lajjun became the center of a "nahiya" (subdistrict) in the Kingdom of Safad, encompassing the villages of al-Ashir, Kawkab al-Hawa, and Jenin. The Mamluks fortified it in the 15th century and the town became a major staging post on the postal route between Egypt and Damascus.
Ottoman era.
Early rule and the Tarabay family.
The Ottoman Empire conquered most of Palestine from the Mamluks after the Battle of Marj Dabiq in 1517. As the army of Sultan Selim I moved south towards Egypt, the Tarabay clan of the Bani Hareth, a Bedouin tribe from the Hejaz, aided them by serving as guides and scouts. When the Mamluks were completely uprooted and Selim returned to Istanbul, the Tarabays were granted the territory of Lajjun. The town eventually became the capital of the "Sanjak" ("District") of Lajjun, which was a part of the province of Damascus, and encompassed the Jezreel Valley, northern Samaria, and a part of the north-central coastline of Palestine as its territory. It was composed of four "nahiyas" ("sub-districts") (Jinin, Sahel Atlit, Sa'ra, and Shafa), and encompassed a total of 55 villages, including Haifa, Jenin, and Baysan.
After a short period in which the Tarabays were in a state of rebellion, tensions suddenly died down and the Ottomans appointed Ali ibn Tarabay as the governor of Lajjun in 1559. His son Assaf Tarabay ruled Lajjun from 1571 to 1583. During his reign, he extended Tarabay power and influence to Sanjak Nablus. In 1579, Assaf, referred to as the "Sanjaqbey of al-Lajjun," is mentioned as the builder of a mosque in the nearby village of al-Tira. Assaf was deposed and banished in 1583 to the island of Rhodes. Six years later, in 1589, he was pardoned and resettled in the town. At the time, an impostor also named Assaf, had attempted to seize control of Sanjak Lajjun. Known later as Assaf al-Kadhab ("Assaf the Liar"), he was arrested and executed in Damascus where he traveled in attempt to confirm his appointment as governor of the district. In 1596, Lajjun was a part of the "nahiya" of Sha'ra and paid taxes on a number of crops, including wheat, barley, as well as goats, beehives and water buffaloes.
Assaf Tarabay was not reinstated as governor, but Lajjun remained in Tarabay hands, under the rule of Governor Tarabay ibn Ali who was succeeded upon his death by his son Ahmad in 1601, who also ruled until his death in 1657. Ahmad, known for his courage and hospitality, helped the Ottomans defeat the rebel Janbulad and gave shelter to Yusuf Sayfa — Janbulad's principle rival. Ahmad, in coordination with the governors of Gaza (the Ridwan family) and Jerusalem (the Farrukh family), also fought against Fakhr ad-Din II in a prolonged series of battles, which ended with the victory of the Tarabay-Ridwan-Farrukh alliance after their forces routed Fakhr ad-Din's army at the al-Auja river in central Palestine in 1623.
The Ottoman authorities of Damascus expanded Ahmad's fief as a token of gratitude. Ahmad's son Zayn Tarabay ruled Lajjun for a brief period until his death in 1660. He was succeeded by Ahmad's brother Muhammad Tarabay, who—according to his French secretary—had good intentions for governing Lajjun, but was addicted to opium and as a result had been a weak leader. After his death in 1671, other members of the Tarabay family ruled Lajjun until 1677 when the Ottomans replaced them with a government officer. The main reason behind the Ottoman abandonment of the Tarabays was that their larger tribe, the Bani Hareth, migrated east of Lajjun to the eastern banks of the Jordan River. Later during this century, Sheikh Ziben, ancestor to the Arrabah-based Abd al-Hadi clan, became the leader of Sanjak Lajjun. When Henry Maundrell visited in 1697, he described the place as "an old village near which was a good "khan".
Later Ottoman rule.
By the 18th-century, Lajjun was replaced by Jenin as the administrative capital of the "sanjak" which now included the Sanjak of Ajlun. By the 19th-century it was renamed Sanjak Jenin, although Ajlun was separated from it. Dhaher al-Omar, who became the effective ruler of the Galilee for a short period during the second half of the 18th-century, was reported to have used cannons against Lajjun in the course of his campaign between 1771-1773 to capture Nablus. It is possible that this attack led to the village's decline in the years that followed. By that time, Lajjun's influence was diminished by the increasing strength of Acre's political power and Nablus's economic muscle.
Edward Robinson visited in 1838, and noted that the "khan", which Maundrell commented on, was for the accommodation of the caravans passing on the great road between Egypt and Damascus which Lajjun comes over the hills from the western plain along the coast and enters that of Esdraelon. When the British consul James Finn visited the area in the mid-19th century, he did not see a village. The authors of the "Survey of Western Palestine" also noticed a "khan", however, south of the ruins of Lajjun in the early 1880s.
In the late 19th-century, Arabs from Umm al-Fahm migrated to al-Lajjun to make use of its farmland. Gradually, they settled in the village, building their houses around the springs, especially next to the "khan". When the massive mound at nearby Tall al-Mutasallim (ancient Megiddo) was excavated by German archaeologists in 1903, some of the inhabitants of Lajjun reused stones from the ancient structure that had been unearthed to build new housing.
British Mandate period.
More people moved to Lajjun during the British mandate period, particularly in the late thirties, due to the British crackdown on participants in the 1936–1939 Arab revolt in Palestine. The tomb of Yusuf al-Hamdan, a local leader of the revolt, is located in the village. Lajjun's economy grew rapidly as a result of the influx of the additional population. As the village expanded, it was divided into three quarters, one to the east, one to the west, and another known as Khirbat al-Khan. Each quarter was inhabited by one or more "hamulas" ("clans"); the al-Mahajina al-Tahta and al-Ghubariyya clans, the al-Jabbarin and al-Mahamid clans, and the al-Mahajina al-Fawqa clan.
Lajjun had a school that was founded in 1937 and that had an enrollment of 83 in 1944. It was located in the quarter belonging to the al-Mahajina al-Fawqa clan, that is, in Khirbat al-Khan. In 1943 one of the large landowners in the village financed the construction of a mosque, built of white stone, in the al-Ghubariyya (eastern) quarter. Another mosque was also established in the al-Mahamid quarter during the same period, and was financed by the residents themselves.
There was a small market place in the village, as well as six grain mills (powered by the numerous springs and wadis in the vicinity), and a health center. The various quarters of Lajjun had many shops. A bus company was established in Lajjun by a villager from Umm al-Fahm; the bus line served Umm al-Fahm, Haifa, and a number of villages, such as Zir'in. In 1937, the line had seven buses. Subsequently, the company was licensed to serve Jenin also, and acquired the name of "al-Lajjun Bus Company".
1948 War.
Lajjun was allotted to the Arab state in the 1947 United Nations Partition Plan. The village was defended by the Arab Liberation Army (ALA). It was first assaulted by the Haganah on April 13, during the battle around kibbutz Mishmar HaEmek. ALA commander Fawzi al-Qawuqji claimed Jewish forces ("Haganah") had attempted to reach the crossroads at Lajjun in an outflanking operation, but the attack failed. The "New York Times" reported that twelve Arabs were killed and fifteen wounded during that Haganah offensive. Palmach units of the Haganah raided and blew up most of Lajjun on the night of April 15–16.
On April 17, it was occupied by the Haganah. According to the newspaper, Lajjun was the "most important place taken by the Jews, whose offensive has carried them through ten villages south and east of Mishmar Ha'emek." The report added that women and children had been removed from the village and that 27 buildings in the village were blown up by the Haganah. However, al-Qawuqji states that attacks resumed on May 6, when ALA positions in the area of Lajjun were attacked by Haganah forces. The ALA's Yarmouk Battalion and other ALA units drove back their forces, but two days later, the ALA commander reported that the Haganah was "trying to cut off the Lajjun area from Tulkarm in preparation of seizing Lajjun and Jenin..."
On May 30, 1948, in the first stage of the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, Lajjun was captured by Israel's Golani Brigade in Operation Gideon. The capture was particularly important for the Israelis because of its strategic location at the entrance of the Wadi Ara, which thus, brought their forces closer to Jenin. During the second truce between Israel and the Arab coalition, in early September, a United Nations official fixed the permanent truce line in the area of Lajjun, according to press reports. A 500-yard strip was established on both sides of the line in which Arabs and Jews were allowed to harvest their crops. Lajjun was used as transit place by the Israel Defense Forces to transfer 1,400 Arab women, children and elderly from Ijzim, who then were sent on foot to Jenin.
Walid Khalidi describes the remains of Lajjun:
Only the white stone mosque, one village mill, the village health center, and a few partially destroyed houses remain on the site. The mosque has been converted into a carpentry workshop and one of the houses has been made into a chicken coop. The health center and grain mill are deserted, and the school is gone. The cemetery remains, but it is in a neglected state; the tomb of Yusuf al-Hamdan, a prominent nationalist who fell in the 1936 revolt, is clearly visible. The surrounding lands are planted with almond trees, wheat, and barley; they also contain animal sheds, a fodder plant, and a pump installed on the spring of 'Ayn al-Hajja. The site is tightly fenced in and entry is blocked.
Post-1948.
Kibbutz Megiddo was built on some of Lajjun's village lands. A few of the buildings from Lajjun still stand within the kibbutz grounds, including the mosque known as the "White" which was built in 1943. Today the building is a carpentry shop. Andrew Petersen, inspecting the place in 1993, noted that the principal extant buildings at the site are the "khan" and a bridge. The bridge, which crosses a major tributary of the Kishon River, is approximately wide and to long. It is carried on three arches, the north side has been robbed of its outer face, while the south side is heavily overgrown with vegetation. According to Petersen, the bridge was already in ruins when drawn by William Charles Wilson in the 1870s. The "khan" is located on a low hill to the southwest of the bridge. It is a square enclosure measuring approximately per side with a central courtyard. The ruins are covered with vegetation, and only the remains of one room is visible.
Geography.
Lajjun is situated on an elevated hill with an altitude of 150 meters above sea level, located on the southwestern edge of the Jezreel Valley ("Marj ibn Amer"). The village is located on both the banks of Wadi al-Lajjun, with Jenin and the entire valley visible from it. It is bordered by Tall al-Mutsallem to the northeast, and by Tall al-Asmar to the northwest. Lajjun, which was linked by secondary roads to the Jenin-Haifa road, and the road that led southwest to the town of Umm al-Fahm, laid close to the junctions of the two highways. The main spring that supplied the village with water was Ayn al-Hajja.
Jenin was located northwest of Lajjun and according to al-Hamawi, roughly southwest of Tabariyyah and north of Ramla. Nearby localities included, the destroyed village of Ayn al-Mansi to the northwest, and the surviving villages of Zalafa to the south, Baiada and Musheirifa to the southwest, and Zububa (part of the Palestinian territories) to the southeast. The largest town near al-Lajjun was Umm al-Fahm, to the south.
Lajjun, Umm al-Fahm and seven hamlets had a total land area of , of which was Arab-owned, and the remainder being public property. There was a total of of land that was cultivated; were used for plantations and irrigated, and were planted with cereals (wheat and barley). The built-up area of the villages was , most of it being in Umm al-Fahm and Lajjun.
Demographics.
During early Ottoman rule, in 1596, Lajjun had a population of 226 people. In the British Mandate survey in 1922, there 417 inhabitants. In the 1931 census of Palestine, the population had more than doubled to 857, of which 829 were Muslims, 26 were Christians, as well as two Jews. In that year, there were 162 houses in the village. At the end of 1940, Lajjun had 1,103 inhabitants.
The prominent families of al-Lajjun were the Jabbarin, Ghubayriyya, Mahamid and the Mahajina. Around 80% of its inhabitants fled to Umm al-Fahm, where they currently live as Arab citizens of Israel and internally displaced Palestinians.
Culture.
Local tradition centered around Ayn al-Hajja, the spring of Lajjun, date back to the 10th century CE when the village was under Islamic rule. According to geographers of that century, as well as the 12th century, the legend was that under the Mosque of Abraham, a "copious stream flowed" which formed immediately after the prophet Abraham struck the stone with his staff. Abraham had entered the town with his flock of sheep on his way towards Egypt, and the people of the village informed him that the village possessed only small quantities of water, thus Abraham should pass on the village to another. According to the legend, Abraham was commanded to strike the rock, resulting in water "bursting out copiously". From then, the village orchards and crops were well-irrigated and the people satisfied with a surplus of drinking water from the spring.
In Lajjun there are tombs for two Mamluk-era Muslim relics who were from the village. The holy men were Ali Shafi'i who died in 1310 and Ali ibn Jalal who died in 1400.

</doc>
<doc id="20319297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319297" title="One (Harry Nilsson song)">
One (Harry Nilsson song)

"One" is a song written by Harry Nilsson and made famous by Three Dog Night whose cover in 1969 reached number 5 on the Billboard chart. The song is known for its opening line "One is the loneliest number that you'll ever do." It appeared initially on "Aerial Ballet", Nilsson's third album.
Nilsson wrote the song after calling someone and getting a busy signal. He stayed on the line listening to the "beep, beep, beep, beep..." tone, writing the song. The busy signal became the opening notes of the song.
In 1968, Al Kooper released the song on his debut album "I Stand Alone".
In 1969, the rock band Three Dog Night covered the song on their debut album "Three Dog Night", with Chuck Negron on lead vocal. The song was released as a single and became a hit, reaching number 5 on the Billboard Hot 100. That same year, the song was covered by Australian singer Johnny Farnham, reaching number 4 on the Australian charts.
Later cover versions.
The New Seekers released a version on the 1971 album "Beautiful People".
In 1992, it was covered by the band Chainsaw Kittens on the single for the song "High in High School".
The song was covered by Aimee Mann for the 1995 Nilsson tribute album "". Mann's version also appears in the 1999 film "Magnolia" and on the film's soundtrack.
In 1995, the song was sung briefly on The Drew Carey Show at the Warsaw Pub between both Carey and his boss, Mr. Bell, in the first season episode, "Nature Abhors a Vacuum".
The song was also covered by the rock band Filter for the soundtrack to the 1998 film "The X-Files: Fight the Future".
Dokken, a 1978 heavy metal band, also covered the song in their 1999 album "Erase the Slate".
The Beta Band closed their 2001 album "Hot Shots II" with "Won", a hip-hop track built around extensive samples of Nilsson's song.
Mastodon recorded a cover of the song for the "Army of Two" trailer.
Alva Noto and Blixa Bargeld, as ANBB, covered "One" in their album "Mimikry".
The Muppets and Jimmy Fallon performed an impromptu rendition of the song on the set of Late Night with Jimmy Fallon while rehearsing for the 2009 Christmas performance.
In 2013, Tracii Guns' League of Gentlemen covered "One" on the album "First Record"
In 2013, Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic created a video using "One" to promote their US Open final match.
In 2013, Lisa Simpson sang the song One is the Loneliest Number in Episode 553 (dated 24-11-13) at the beginning of the episode.
Use in advertising.
The Three Dog Night version of One was used in a winter of 2012-13 ad campaign for Ahold's Stop & Shop, Giant of Landover, Giant of Carlisle and Martin's Supermaket chains.

</doc>
<doc id="20319301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319301" title="Montana State Bobcats">
Montana State Bobcats

The Montana State Bobcats are the varsity athletic teams representing Montana State University in Bozeman, Montana in intercollegiate athletics. The university sponsors thirteen teams including men and women's basketball, cross country, skiing, tennis, and track and field; women's-only golf and volleyball; and men's-only football. The Bobcats compete in NCAA Division I and are members of the Big Sky Conference with the exception of the men's and women's skiing teams which belong to the Rocky Mountain Intercollegiate Ski Association. Their main rivals are the Montana Grizzlies of the University of Montana in Missoula, Montana
Teams.
Basketball.
Montana State Bobcats basketball history includes one of college basketball's legendary teams, the Golden Bobcats of the late 1920s. The school's basketball teams had acclaimed fame throughout the 1920s by playing "racehorse basketball" and becoming one of the first schools in the nation to employ what is known as the fast break. Montana State College coach Ott Romney, who graduated with a Masters from MSC prior to WWI, pioneered the style of play, and by 1926 had assembled a team perfectly suited to playing an up-tempo brand of ball. Cat Thompson, John "Brick" Breeden, Frank Ward, Val Glynn and Max Worthington were at the heart of the MSC team that won the Rocky Mountain Conference title three straight seasons, and bested Utah State, BYU, Colorado, and University of Denver. The 1928–29 team reached college basketball's zenith by defeating the AAU Champion Cook's Painters in a two-of-three series and steamrolling to the Rocky Mountain Conference title. The team was named National Champions by the Helms Foundation, which also named Cat Thompson one of the five greatest players in the first half of the 20th century in college hoops.
Football.
The Montana State Bobcats football team has a proud history. In 1956 the Bobcats football team took a share of the NAIA championship in the Aluminum Bowl in Little Rock, Arkansas playing to a 0–0 tie on a muddy field with the Pumas of St. Joseph’s College from Rensselaer, Indiana. In 1976 the Bobcats of Montana State won a national football title in NCAA Division II at Wichita Falls, Texas beating the Zips of Akron, Ohio 24-13 in the title game. In 1984, the Bobcats returned to a national football title game played in Charleston, South Carolina, beating the Bulldogs of Louisiana Tech 19-6 for their third national football title. The MSU Bobcats football is the only college team with national titles in three different classifications. The team has won 19 conference titles and has made the NCAA FCS playoffs in 2010, 2011 and 2012.
Rodeo.
Montana State Bobcats rodeo team has a long proud history with the National Intercollegiate Rodeo Association. For almost 30 years MSU hosted the College National Finals Rodeo. Bobcat Rodeo teams have won 8 national team titles, 32 individual national championships and multiple Big Sky Regional crowns. The Bobcats Rodeo team operates under the MSU Department of Student Affairs and enjoys outstanding booster support form the C.A.T. Rodeo Scholarship Association.
Skiing.
Montana State Bobcats Alpine and Nordic Ski team compete in the Rocky Mountain Intercollegiate Skiing Association and the NCAA Western Region and has produced 13 national champions. The Bobcat Nordic and alpine ski program venues at Bridger Bowl and Bohart Ranch have hosted six NCAA National Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20319313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319313" title="Missouri State Bears football">
Missouri State Bears football

The Missouri State Bears football program is the intercollegiate American football team for the Missouri State University located in the U.S. state of Missouri. The team competes in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) and are members of the Missouri Valley Football Conference. The school's first football team was fielded in 1909. The team plays its home games at the 16,600 seat Plaster Sports Complex. They are coached by Terry Allen.
Notable former players.
Notable alumni include:

</doc>
<doc id="20319336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319336" title="Portland State Vikings football">
Portland State Vikings football

The Portland State Vikings football program is the intercollegiate American football team for the Portland State University located in the U.S. state of Oregon. The team competes in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) and are members of the Big Sky Conference. The school's first football team was fielded in 1947. The team plays its home games at the 20,483 seat Providence Park. They are coached by Nigel Burton.
Notable former players.
Notable alumni include:
Championships.
Bowl Games

</doc>
<doc id="20319356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319356" title="Zeitschrift für die Neutestamentliche Wissenschaft">
Zeitschrift für die Neutestamentliche Wissenschaft

The Zeitschrift für die Neutestamentliche Wissenschaft und die Kunde der älteren Kirche (English: "Journal for New Testament Studies and the Ancient Church") is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal that was established in 1900. It is published by Walter de Gruyter. The focus of the journal is the historical investigation of early Christianity, especially on the New Testament and nascent Christianity through to the Patristic period. The current editor-in-chief is Michael Wolter. Articles are in German, English, or French.
A related journal from the same publisher is the "Zeitschrift für die Alttestamentliche Wissenschaft".

</doc>
<doc id="20319360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319360" title="List of Tarantella stagings">
List of Tarantella stagings

This is a chronological list of stagings of New York City Ballet co-founder and founding choreographer George Balanchine's Tarantella, made to Louis Moreau Gottschalk's "Grande Tarantelle," Op. 67 for piano and orchestra (ca. 1864), reconstructed and orchestrated by Hershy Kay. The premiere took place January 7, 1964, at City Center of Music and Drama, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20319365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319365" title="Catalogues of Beethoven compositions">
Catalogues of Beethoven compositions

The Catalogues of Beethoven compositions are all of the different ways in which the musical compositions by Ludwig van Beethoven have been organized by researchers into his music.
The problem.
When Beethoven died, he left (as many other composers) a great many compositions behind. In Beethoven's case, a sizable majority of his works were published. However, some works were not published, and some works were unfinished, either because he had laid them aside, or died before he could finish them. The catalogues described here are attempts to organize and identify with precision all of these works in ways that are useful to musicologists, musicians, and the listening public.
Most of Beethoven's best known works were published in his lifetime, and bear opus numbers, with which they may be reliably identified. The short piano piece "Für Elise" is a notable exception: it is usually designated WoO (Werke ohne Opuszahl – literally, "works without opus number") 59.
Opus number.
The traditional 19th-century method of identifying a composer's works was for publishers to assign some sort of consecutive Opus number to the works as they were published. This method is not entirely satisfactory to anyone. Musicians and the listening public have no reliable way to distinguish different works with similar characteristics. Musicologists cannot reliably identify unpublished works, nor do they have a reliable indication from the opus number of the actual composition date(s). For example, the Octet, written from 1792–1793 is Opus 103, while Opus 102 and Opus 104 were written in 1815 and 1817 respectively. Some opus numbers comprise multiple pieces; 172 works are divided among 138 opus numbers.
All of Beethoven's compositions up to and including Opus 135 were published in Beethoven's lifetime; later numbers were published posthumously, and are generally denoted by "Op. posth."
Kinsky catalogue.
In 1955, Georg Kinsky and Hans Halm published a catalogue of Beethoven's works, in which they assigned numbers to 205 "Werke ohne Opuszahl" (meaning "works without opus number" in German) to "some" of Beethoven's unpublished works. These numbers given these works are generally preceded by "WoO".
The Kinsky–Halm catalogue also lists 18 works in an appendix as being either doubtfully attributed, or simply spurious. Some of those listed as doubtful have since been shown to be authored by Beethoven. These numbers are generally preceded by "Anh.", short for German "Anhang", meaning "appendix".
Hess catalogue.
The Swiss composer and musicologist Willy Hess also researched and published a catalogue in the 1950s, in which he included pieces not included in the 19th century complete edition published by Breitkopf and Härtel. Hess included many more fragmentary works than did Kinsky, and his catalog runs to 335 entries in the "Hauptkatalog" (main catalogue), and 66 "doubtful and falsely-attributed" works in an appendix. Many pieces have both WoO and H numbers.
Biamonti catalogue.
Beethoven's compositions are also organized through the Biamonti Catalogue, compiled by Giovanni Biamonti and published in 1968. This work is an attempt to chronologically order all of Beethoven's creative output, in a manner similar to the catalogue of Franz Schubert's works by Otto Erich Deutsch. It combines the pieces with opus numbers, all of the works from the Kinsky and Hess catalogues, and previously uncatalogued fragments, into a single list comprising 849 entries.
Catalogues.
The following references identify the major catalogues of Beethoven's works.

</doc>
<doc id="20319383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319383" title="Mr. Moto Is So Sorry">
Mr. Moto Is So Sorry

Originally published in serial form in the "Saturday Evening Post" from July 2 to August 13, 1938, Mr. Moto Is So Sorry was first published in book form in 1938. It is the fourth of six Mr. Moto novels and can also be found in the omnibus "Mr. Moto's Three Aces" published in 1939.
The Moto novels are spy fiction and adventure novels set in the Orient, which in the 1930s was considered mysterious and exotic. Mr. Moto is a spy for the Imperial Japanese government and often deals with people who are accidentally involved in his work. 
Marquand traveled to China to gather information and atmosphere for his Moto novels as Millicent Bell, Marquand’s biographer states, “In "Mr. Moto is So Sorry", Marquand went back once more to his memories of 1934, and his hero’s journey duplicates Marquand’s own arrival in China, although there is considerably more melodramatic incident along the fictional journey.”
Plot overview.
Calvin Gates, an American, is traveling through Japan to mainland Asia. He boards a train which will eventually take him to Mongolia to join a scientific expedition. On the train is Sylvia Dillaway, a sketch artist, also on her way to the Gilbreth Expedition. Accompanying her is Boris, her Russian guide. When Mr. Moto appears, Boris becomes agitated and gives Dillaway a cigarette case made of silver inlaid with gunmetal, bearing a scenic design. 
Later at a stopover Boris is killed in Gates’ hotel room. Mr. Moto comes in to clean things up and tells Gates that he knows of his past and why he is traveling to Mongolia. Gates is on the run from the police because his uncle believes that he stole money from his business. Moto asks about the cigarette case and realizes that Dillaway must have it. Moto wants the cigarette case to get to where it is headed, so he leaves the case with Dillaway.
Knowing that the cigarette case is dangerous, Gates plots with Dillaway to make it seem like the case was stolen from her hotel room. Moto, however, suspects Gates and has him searched at a train stop. Gates and Dillaway continue on their journey with the cigarette case.
At the next stop Captain Hamby comes on board. He was sent by Gilbreth to escort Dillaway to Ghuru Nor where the expedition is. However, his actual mission is to get the cigarette case to his Russian allies. The case includes a coded message meant for the Russian Army. He thinks the Japanese want to stop the message but doesn’t understand why Mr. Moto would want the message to get through.
After a misunderstanding, Gates no longer wants anything to do with this business and gives the cigarette case to Dillaway. He leaves the train in Peking and is immediately picked up by Major Ahara of the Japanese Army, who wants to stop the cigarette case from getting to the Russians. Gates is rescued by Moto who explains how the Russian Army is poised to take Inner Mongolia but is waiting for the message which will tell when the Japanese Army will move toward Ghuru Nor. However, he doesn’t explain why he wants the message to get through.
Gates goes along with Moto and they fly to Kalgan to meet Dillaway and Hamby. Gates finds Dillaway and Dr. Gilbreth captive by Hamby in the compound of a caravan trader named Holtz. Hamby is negotiating the sale of the cigarette case between the Russians and the Japanese for Prince Wu, ruler of Ghuru Nor.
Moto is brought in and reveals that he wanted the Russians to know the Japanese Army’s plans to judge the strength and conviction of the Russians. Major Ahara is convinced that Moto is a traitor and is killed by Hamby when he tries to escape. The Russian spy Shirov, who was present to negotiate for the case, agrees with Moto that one should die depending on how the Russian Army takes the news of the Japanese Army’s plans. 
Gates negotiates for his life and the lives of the expedition while they await the Russian Army’s reply. Shirov kills himself when told they will do nothing against the Japanese Army. At Moto’s suggestion, Prince Wu has Hamby killed because he killed Ahara. Moto and Japan win the rights to the Mongolian trade routes, thereby moving deeper into China.
Themes.
Like most good spy novels, this book has a dangerous train journey, a shiny MacGuffin everyone is chasing, and a touch of romance. In this book, however, Americans do not figure in international intrigue. The West (and America in particular) is portrayed as an outsider who know nothing of what is going on in the East. Gates and Dillaway, the two Americans are oblivious to the machinations of the Japanese and the Russian armies as they wrestle for control of China. Millicent Bell, Marquand’s biographer said that Gates is, 
…a man under a cloud, whose mission to China is purely personal, and who is so indifferent to politics that he allows himself to be thought a Japanese spy.
Moto feels a kinship towards Americans, often referring to his time spent there. Though Moto doesn’t always understand their actions or motivations he is able to manipulate Gates into fitting his plans. Major Ahara, Moto’s political opposite, doesn’t like America and looks forward to the day they go to war. These multiple factions within the Japanese government are often referred to in Marquand’s Moto novels and figure in making Mr. Moto’s job difficult by giving him many fronts to fight against. This duality may have given the pre-WWII reading audience a chance to see the Japanese as multi-dimensional people at a time when Japan was still mysterious. While we can never fully understand its impact at the time, we can regard this book as an exciting and exotic adventure.

</doc>
<doc id="20319450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319450" title="Egyptian Centre for Women's Rights">
Egyptian Centre for Women's Rights

The Egyptian Centre for Women's Rights (ECWR) is a civil, independent, non-governmental, non-partisan, not-for-profit organization in Egypt. It supports Egyptian woman in obtaining full right and equality with men. In addition, the ECWR motivates legislative authorities to review legislation related to women's rights, not only as it relates to the Egyptian Constitution, but international agreements as well. The ECWR consolidates both civil and political women's rights, and offers legal services to women who can not afford to pay for them. Nihad Abu El-Qoumsan heads the organization.
According to a survey issued by the ECWR in 2008, 83 percent of Egyptian women and 98 percent of foreign women within Egypt had experienced sexual harassment at some time. Of those who reported cases of sexual harassment to ECWR, only 12 percent had gonen to the police with a complaint. Considering sexual harassment to be a social 'cancer', the ECWR asked the government to introduce legislation to curb it.

</doc>
<doc id="20319462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319462" title="Church by the Bridge">
Church by the Bridge

Church by the Bridge, Kirribilli and Lavender Bay is an Anglican Church on Sydney's Lower North Shore. Church by the Bridge meets at St John’s Anglican Church, Kirribilli and at Christ Church, Lavender Bay.
A church plant of St Thomas' Anglican Church, North Sydney, North Sydney in February 2005, the church offers six Bible-based services each Saturday at 5.30pm, and each Sunday 8am, 9:30am, 5:00pm, 6pm (at Christ Church, Lavender Bay) and 6:45pm.
The purpose of Church by the Bridge is to both reunite people who have put their trust in God but haven't been attending church, and provide an opportunity for people who live in the area to listen to the Good News (Gospel).
The congregation consists of around 400 people from a wide variety of backgrounds, married, single and young families.
History.
The Church of St John the Baptist was founded in 1884 within the Parish of Christ Church, Lavender Bay. It subsequently became a parish in 1902. The population of Milsons Point declined following commercial development of the area in the 1970s. 
In 1983 a Chinese/Cantonese speaking congregation based in the Cathedral decided to join the congregation of St John's. The finances improved and arrears of assessments were paid.
The church was amalgamated with the Parish of Neutral Bay (St Augustine's) on 1 December 1989, and together they went by the name St John the Baptist Kirribilli.  
The size of the Chinese congregation grew sufficiently to regain the church's status as an independent provisional parish. 
In 1993 the congregation comprises approximately 10% local European residents and 90% Chinese from many parts of the Diocese.
In 2007 the Chinese (Cantonese) congregation moved to Artarmon, New South Wales. Bishop Glenn Davies invited Paul Dale to consider becoming curate in charge of St John’s.
In March 2011 a new evening congregation was planted at Christ Church, Lavender Bay.
Buildings.
St John the Baptist, Kirribilli was designed by Edmund Blacket as a church school, in the Romanesque Revival style, and built in 1884. A vestry and sanctuary were added in 1900. The nearby kindergarten was built as a church hall in 1909.
Ministry.
The church runs "Carols Under The Bridge", located in Bradfield Park under the northern end of Sydney Harbour Bridge.
Service Times.
Kirribilli:
Saturdays at 5:30pmSundays at 8am (Classic Anglican), 9:30am (families with Kids Church), 5pm & 6:45pm
Lavender Bay (Christ Church, Lavender Bay):
Sundays at 6pm

</doc>
<doc id="20319477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319477" title="Michipicoten First Nation">
Michipicoten First Nation

The Michipicoten First Nation is an Ojibwe First Nation in Northern Ontario, located near Wawa. Members of the community have resided at the mouth of the Michipicoten River since before the first arrival of European settlers to the area.
The Michipicoten went through several forced moves during the 19th and 20th centuries, causing significant disruption to the community. Members of the First Nation concluded an historic land agreement with the governments of Canada and Ontario in January 2008, after a successful referendum.

</doc>
<doc id="20319513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319513" title="Tunnelling the English Channel">
Tunnelling the English Channel

Tunneling the English Channel ("Tunnel sous la manche ou Le cauchemar franco-anglais") is a 1907 silent film by pioneer filmmaker Georges Méliès. The plot follows King Edward VII and President Armand Fallières dreaming of building a tunnel under the English Channel.
American film critic Jonathan Rosenbaum named it as one of his 100 favorite films.

</doc>
<doc id="20319554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319554" title="Wellbody Alliance">
Wellbody Alliance

Wellbody Alliance (formerly Global Action Foundation) is a non-profit organization that delivers free, high-quality health care to Sierra Leone’s amputated civilians, operates a primary care clinic in Kono District, Sierra Leone, and manages several community-based healthcare programs for HIV patients, pregnant women and children in the region. It was founded in 2006 and works closely with its implementing Sierra Leone NGO, Wellbodi Alliance.
Kono clinic.
The Kono Clinic is a fully functioning primary care clinic in the Kono District of Sierra Leone, six hours east of Freetown. It provides free medical care to civilian amputees, HIV patients, pregnant women, children under 5 and the destitute, and affordable care for Kono's population. The clinic opened on January 20, 2008, and as of December 2011, is logging over 20,000 patient visits per year.

</doc>
<doc id="20319555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319555" title="Woodstock Jazz Festival">
Woodstock Jazz Festival

The Woodstock Jazz Festival was held in 1981 in Woodstock, New York.
It was a celebration of the tenth anniversary of the Creative Music Studio, founded in 1971 by Karl Berger and Ornette Coleman.
The shows headliners were Jack Dejohnette, Chick Corea, Pat Metheny, Anthony Braxton, Lee Konitz, and Miroslav Vitouš. 
Other musicians include Dewey Redman, Nana Vasconcelos, Baikida Carroll, Collin Walcott, Aiyb Dieng, Ed Blackwell, Howard Johnson and Marilyn Crispell.
It has been released several times on DVD. It was released on CD in two volumes by Knitting Factory Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20319560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319560" title="Lijia Zhang">
Lijia Zhang

Lijia Zhang (Zhang Lijia) (born in May 1, 1964 in Nanjing) is a writer, journalist and public speaker. She describes herself as a communicator between China and the world and has given talks at conferences about contemporary China and lectured at many top universities including Stanford and Harvard and The University of Sydney.
Early in life she wanted to become a writer. At the age of 16 she had to start working in a factory instead of finishing her promising school career. During the decade at the factory she taught herself English.
In 2003 she was able to attend Goldsmiths, University of London, England to study creative writing. Her articles have been published in many newspapers and magazines. She co-authored China Remembers (OUP, 1999) and her memoir Socialism is Great!' A Worker’s Memoir of The New China," is published by Atlas & Co. and Random House and has been translated into seven languages. She was the subject of a BBC TV documentary "Peschardt's People". Sponsored by the US State Department, she was a fellow on the University of Iowa’s International Writing Program in 2009, She is completing her first novel, "Lotus," about prostitution set in modern day Shenzhen.
She is a regular guest on ABC, BBC and CNN.
Zhang was married to Calum MacLeod, a reporter for "USA Today". She currently lives in Beijing with her two daughters

</doc>
<doc id="20319563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319563" title="List of Bamboo Blade characters">
List of Bamboo Blade characters

This is a list of characters from the manga and anime Bamboo Blade. 
Many of the surnames are taken from various winners of the All Japan Kendo Championships.
Touryuu High School.
Sakaki is Tamaki's Rival in the manga. Although they have barely met (and the fact that Sakaki quit kendo), it is thought to have been "fate" and therefore everyone is hoping for a match between them
and consider her Tamaki's only match. She is more or less a replacement for Rin Suzuki in the manga (although Rin has been mentioned), as she takes the role of the one to defeat Tamaki so that Tamaki becomes stronger.

</doc>
<doc id="20319566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319566" title="Miroslav Navratil">
Miroslav Navratil

Miroslav (Friedrich) Navratil (19 July 1893 – 7 June 1947) was a Croatian soldier, pilot, and general who served in the armies of Austria-Hungary, the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, and the Independent State of Croatia.
Until the end of World War I.
Navratil was born in Sarajevo, within the territory of Bosnia and Herzegovina in the Austro-Hungarian Empire. He attended gymnasium in Sarajevo, and finished cadet's school in Graz. In World War I he served in the military of Austria–Hungary, as a fighter pilot in the Imperial and Royal Aviation Troops. While on the Eastern and Italian fronts, he scored a victory with Flik 41J on 14 April 1918, before assuming command of Flik 3J on 9 June 1918. Flying Albatros D.IIIs, he scored nine more victories. He attained the rank of Oberleutnant. His victory string ran until 31 August, when he downed a Bristol F.2 Fighter, but lost all four of his inexperienced wingmen in the process. Navratil blamed himself for their loss. He largely removed himself from combat operations. On 21 October, during a test flight of an Albatros D.III, his seat broke, and he was injured in the resultant crash landing. He did not recover before the Armistice.
Between the World Wars.
In 1918, Austria-Hungary dissolved and Navratil moved to the newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, where he took on a position in the royal army. He rose to the rank of colonel, but was eventually retired from the army in 1940 because of conflict with Serb officers within its ranks.
World War II.
With the establishment of the Independent State of Croatia on 10 April 1941 Navratil was brought back into active service. He was named as a military representative in Bucharest. He served as minister of the armed forces from 2 September 1943 to 29 January 1944. After he was relieved of his post because of his complaints about the brutality of the government, he travelled to Vienna where his family was located and remained there until the end of World War II. In 1945 he moved to Zell am See where he lived until he was found by American troops in 1946. He was extradited to communist Yugoslavia in December 1946. In Zagreb he was sentenced to death on charge of war crimes, and executed on 7 June 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="20319583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319583" title="Sunny Afternoon (compilation)">
Sunny Afternoon (compilation)

Sunny Afternoon is the second UK budget-priced compilation album by British rock group the The Kinks released in 1967. The album consists of some of the most popular singles and b-sides released by the Kinks from 1965 and 1966. It also includes a cover of "Louie Louie", originally from the 1964 "Kinksize Session" EP and the track "Such A Shame" from the 1965 "Kwyet Kinks" EP.
Released two months after the classic studio album "Something Else by The Kinks", which itself only managed 2 weeks on the UK charts peaking at #35, this budget compilation sold much better, spending 11 weeks on the chart and reaching #9.
The album was issued on CD in 2001 as part of the Marble Arch Years boxed set.

</doc>
<doc id="20319592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319592" title="Sunday Lovers">
Sunday Lovers

Sunday Lovers is a 1980 internationally co-produced romantic comedy film directed by Bryan Forbes, Gene Wilder, Dino Risi and Edouard Molinaro. It starred Roger Moore, Gene Wilder, Priscilla Barnes, Lynn Redgrave, Denholm Elliott and Kathleen Quinlan. It is split into four segments, each from a different country (England, France, USA and Italy). 
The film is notable for its use of sepia tones and slow wide angle shots to build a sense of impending dread. It was released in Italy in October 1980 and in America in early 1981 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and United Artists. It was one of the last combined U.S.-European production made for general release, and featured final screen appearances from Sylvia Koscina and Lino Ventura

</doc>
<doc id="20319597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319597" title="British Columbia municipal elections, 2008">
British Columbia municipal elections, 2008

Municipal elections were held in the Canadian province of British Columbia on November 15, 2008.
The following is a list of mayoral races in selected municipalities.

</doc>
<doc id="20319627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319627" title="2008 Queensland storms">
2008 Queensland storms

The 2008 Queensland storms were a series of three thunderstorms that struck South East Queensland. The first storm hit on 16 November 2008 and was followed by two further storms on 19 and 20 November. The storms resulted in 2 fatalities.
Background.
First incident.
Winds reached /h, equivalent to a Category 3 cyclone. Electricity was cut to about 230,000 homes and about 4,000 homes were left in need of serious repair, and at least 30 houses were beyond repair. Some of the worst hit areas included The Gap, Kenmore, Arana Hills and Albany Creek. Forecasters at the Bureau of Meteorology rated the storm the worst to hit south-east Queensland since 2004 & The Biggest to The South east Queensland region since 1985.
Second incident.
Torrential rain affected areas of Brisbane, Ipswich and Toowoomba, with rainfall reaching more than 250 mm in some locations. The Ipswich and Marburg areas were the worst affected, whilst four homes in inner-city Paddington were unroofed. The Inner City Bypass was flooded and forced to close, as was the Moggill Ferry.
Third incident.
Blackwater, near Emerald in Central Queensland, was hit hard by the third storm, with 20 houses sustaining roof damage and up to 100 more were damaged in some way. Gregory MP Vaughan Johnson said the storm was "terrifying". He said he was driving to an appointment when the storm slammed into Blackwater, forcing him to turn back to Emerald. Hail was described as the size of golf balls and witnesses saw a lot of damage.
Relief effort.
Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd inspected The Gap, a badly hit suburb in north-western Brisbane, with Premier of Queensland Anna Bligh and the Lord Mayor of Brisbane Campbell Newman on 18 November, likening it to a "war zone". He announced that Centrelink would make payments of $1000 per adult and $400 per dependent child in cases where they were seriously injured or their houses were destroyed. Bligh launched a Disaster Relief Appeal with $500,000 to supplement other government support packages.

</doc>
<doc id="20319631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319631" title="Sudbury Arts Council">
Sudbury Arts Council

The Sudbury Arts Council is a non-profit organization based in Greater Sudbury, Ontario, Canada. It was created in 1974 as the Sudbury Arts Festival Association, and changed its name in June 1978.
Its stated mission is to connect local artisans with one another and their audience, communicate the interests of Sudbury artists, and celebrate the arts within the community.
The Sudbury Arts Council was instrumental in establishing Cinefest, the Artists' Studio Tour and the Sudbury Writers' Guild. In 2013, SAC will host a literary festival. Wordstock Sudbury will be held June 7 and 8, 2013 at the Sudbury Theatre Centre. Sean Costello, Colin Hayward, Scott Overton,
Roger Nash, Daniel Aubin and the Sudbury Writers' Guild will participating.
Presidents of the arts council have included Laurence Steven, Jon Butler, Ed Tate and Gord Harris.

</doc>
<doc id="20319664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319664" title="Tenors (album)">
Tenors (album)

Tenors is an album by David Murray released on the Japanese DIW label. It was released in 1988 and features six quartet performances by Murray with Fred Hopkins, Dave Burrell and Ralph Peterson Jr..
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Al Campbell awarded the album 3 stars stating "As with most of Murray's recordings for DIW, Tenors is worth picking up despite the inflated import price tag.".

</doc>
<doc id="20319690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319690" title="Across My Heart">
Across My Heart

Across My Heart is a 1997 album by country superstar Kenny Rogers.
Overview.
The album was produced by Magnatone Records, and features a wide array of superstar talent collaborating with Rogers on various songs on the album. The album did hit the charts, with its strongest showing on the country charts at #26, but it did not produce any singles.
Artists included in collaborations on the album include All-4-One, The Katinas, Tareva Henderson and Bekka & Billy.

</doc>
<doc id="20319693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319693" title="A. major">
A. major

A. major may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20319697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319697" title="Mominul Haque">
Mominul Haque

Mominul Haque (born 29 September 1991) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who plays for Dhaka Division. He plays for Sylhet Royals in the Bangladesh Premier League.
Haque made his first-class debut during the 2008-09 season, against Chittagong Division. From the middle order, he scored 22 runs in the first innings in which he batted, and 2 not out in the second.
Haque bowled four overs during the match, which finished as a draw as there was no play in the game's first two days.
He made his test debut against Sri Lanka on 8 March 2013 at Galle, Sri Lanka. He scored a half century in his debut and ended up scoring 156 runs in 3 innings at an impressive average of 52.00 in his maiden test series.
During the Bangladesh Premier League, 2012, he won the Man of the Match award for scoring 53* off 28 balls for his team Barisal Burners against the Khulna Royal Bengals to guide his team to a 4 wicket victory,
He made his first century in test match against New Zealand in Chittagong off just 100 balls. In the second test mominul scored another century against the same opponent.
International Centuries.
181 vs New Zealand at Chittagong
126* vs New Zealand at Dhaka
100* vs Sri Lanka at Chittagong

</doc>
<doc id="20319712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319712" title="The Thanksgiving Song">
The Thanksgiving Song

"The Thanksgiving Song" (also known as "Happy Thanksgiving") is a song performed by Adam Sandler discussing Thanksgiving.
The song was written by Sandler, Ian Maxtone-Graham and Robert Smigel. It was first performed during the Weekend Update segment of the season 18 episode of "Saturday Night Live" on November 21, 1992. A live performance was recorded at "The Strand" in Redondo Beach, California on July 25, 1993. The version at "The Strand" was featured on Sandler's debut album "They're All Gonna Laugh at You!", and is the commonly heard version, particularly on radio.
Song details.
The song primarily revolves around the repetition of the word "turkey" in various two-line rhymes, many of which are non sequiturs; for instance, "Turkey with gravy and cranberries/Can't believe the Mets traded Darryl Strawberry!"
Celebrity and pop culture references include:
Legacy.
The song is a predecessor to Sandler's more popular holiday song, "The Chanukah Song" (also co-written by Maxtone-Graham and Sandler), and has a similar degree of popularity in radio airplay around Thanksgiving. Various radio cuts remove or edit one verse which states "my brother likes to masturbate with baby oil" but it is otherwise identical to the live performance at "The Strand". The edits also leave in a portion of the performance where Sandler has to stop in the middle of a song due to becoming distracted with the audience's rhythmic clapping.

</doc>
<doc id="20319733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319733" title="Everyday People (novel)">
Everyday People (novel)

Everyday People is a novel by the American writer Stewart O'Nan. 
It is set in 1998 in East Liberty and brings together the stories of its residents, mostly African-American during one fateful week in the early fall. The novel centers around Chris "Crest" Tolbert—an eighteen-year-old left paralyzed and haunted by the loss of his best friend after a recent accident—and O'Nan weaves together the lives of friends and family, lovers and strangers, and their emotions, memories, and dreams.

</doc>
<doc id="20319762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319762" title="Anti-Qing sentiment">
Anti-Qing sentiment

Anti-Qing sentiment (Chinese: 反清, "fǎn Qing") refers to a sentiment principally held in China against the Manchu ruling during Qing Dynasty (1644–1912), which was often resented for being foreign and barbaric. The Qing was accused of destroying traditional Chinese culture by banning traditional Chinese clothes (the "hanfu") and forcing Chinese to wear their hair in a queue in the Manchu style. It was blamed for suppressing Chinese science, causing China to be transformed from the world's premiere power to a poor, backwards nation. The people of the Eight Banners enjoyed much better social welfare than the non-Manchu population. 
In the broadest sense, an anti-Qing activist was anyone who engaged in anti-Manchu direct action. This included people from many mainstream political movements and uprisings, such as Taiping Rebellion, the Xinhai revolution, the Revive China Society, the Tongmenghui, the Panthay Rebellion, White Lotus Rebellion, and others.
Ming loyalism in the early Qing dynasty.
Koxinga.
Zheng Chenggong (鄭成功) (1624–1662), son of Zheng Zhilong (a Han Chinese) and Tagawa Matsu (Japanese), was a prominent leader of a military movement that opposed the Qing Dynasty from the 1640s to the 1660s. He is considered to be a Han-Chinese "ethnic hero" (民族英雄).
Anti-Qing rebellions.
Hong Xiuquan.
Hong Xiuquan (洪秀全, Hóng Xiùquán) was a Hakka Chinese who was the leader of the Taiping Rebellion (1850–1864) against the Qing Dynasty. He proclaimed himself to be the Heavenly King and called Jesus Christ his brother.
Late-Qing revolutionaries.
Zou Rong.
Born in Sichuan province in West China in 1885 to a merchant family, Zou (1885–1905) received a classical education but refused to sit for the civil service exams. He worked as a seal carver while pursuing classical studies. He gradually became interested in Western ideas and went to Japan to study in 1901, where he was exposed to radical revolutionary and anti-Manchu ideas.
Here are some quotations of Zou Rong:
"Sweep away millennia of despotism in all its forms, throw off millennia of slavishness, annihilate the five million and more of the furry and horned Manchu race, cleanse ourselves of 260 years of harsh and unremitting pain"
"I do not begrudge repeating over and over again that internally we are slaves of the Manchus and suffering from their tyranny, externally we are being harassed by the Powers, and we are doubly enslaved."
"Kill the emperor set up by the Manchus as a warning to the myriad generations that despotic government is not to be revived."
"Settle the name of the country as the Republic of China."
Overthrow of the Qing.
In 1911 Xinhai revolutionaries proclaimed that Han and Muslims were equal, but deliberately left out the Manchus in the original proclamation, and thus "can be seen as sanctioning" the massacre of Manchus in Xi'an. The Muslims, led by Ma Anliang and Ma Qi proceeded to ignore the proclamation, and continued to fight for Qing against the revolutionaries. After the Manchu men in Xi'an were all killed, the Chinese Muslims rescued attractive Manchu girls and converted them into Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="20319766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319766" title="Funk of Ages">
Funk of Ages

Funk of Ages is the second solo album by former Parliament-Funkadelic keyboardist Bernie Worrell. The album was released in 1990 by Gramavision Records. The album includes contributions by numerous guest musicians including David Byrne, Herbie Hancock, Keith Richards, Vernon Reid, and Phoebe Snow, as well fellow P-Funk band mates Bootsy Collins, Maceo Parker, Gary Cooper, Doug Duffey, and Mike Hampton.
Personnel.
John Denicola, Michael Camacho, Doug Duffey

</doc>
<doc id="20319793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319793" title="Russ Jackson Award">
Russ Jackson Award

The Russ Jackson Award is presented to the CIS football player best exemplifying the attributes of academic achievement, football skill, and citizenship and is named in honour of Canadian Football League Hall of Famer and former Ottawa Rough Riders and McMaster University quarterback, Russ Jackson.

</doc>
<doc id="20319814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319814" title="White Mountain Academy of the Arts">
White Mountain Academy of the Arts

The White Mountain Academy of the Arts was an art school based in Elliot Lake, Ontario, Canada. Formally opened to students in 1998, the academy sought to combine European and First Nations approaches to painting, photography, graphic design, and other arts forms. James Bartleman, the Lieutenant-Governor of Ontario, became an honorary patron in August 2004.
White Mountain was located in a fairly isolated area in Northern Ontario, and it never received enough students or donations to survive as an institution. It folded in 2006. 
Beginning in 2012, the former White Mountain building became a temporary home to the Elliot Lake Public Library when it was displaced by the Algo Centre Mall roof collapse. The library faced controversy over its planned final location in 2013, with the board favouring remaining at White Mountain while many users favoured a move to the Pearson Plaza. The library ultimately announced that it would move to Pearson Plaza, after White Mountain declined to offer the institution a long-term stable lease.

</doc>
<doc id="20319836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319836" title="Phantom Dream">
Phantom Dream

Media.
Written by Natsuki Takaya, "Phantom Dream" was first serialized in "Hana to Yume Planet Zōkan" from April 15, 1994 to September 30, 1997. The 15 individual chapters were later compiled and published in five "tankōbon" volumes by Hakusensha. The first volume was released on February 19, 1996, with the final volume released December 12, 1997.
Chuang Yi licensed the series for English-language publication in Singapore, with all 5 volumes released as of May 2009. These volumes are being re-released in Australia and New Zealand by Madman Entertainment with the final volume released as of June 10, 2009. Tokyopop has licensed the series for English-language publication in North America, with the first volume due for release in December 2008.
The series is also licensed for a regional language release in French by Delcourt.
Reception.
"Publishers Weekly" wrote that "Phantom Dream" would appeal to fans of Takaya and "Fruits Basket". According to the reviewer, the plot was "generally predictable" and lacked depth, and the character designs were typical of her work. 

</doc>
<doc id="20319859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319859" title="Lost in MySpace">
Lost in MySpace

"Lost in MySpace" is the fourth episode in the 13th season of the Fox animated series "King of the Hill", and the 239th episode overall. It originally aired on November 2, 2008. The episode's title references the television series "Lost in Space".
Plot.
During a business slump, Joe Jack happens to notice one of Strickland Propane's regulars purchasing from rival company Thatherton Fuels. When Hank inqures after the apparent switch, the former regular explains that he had met Thatherton on MySpace and decided that he had much more in common with him than with Strickland. Hank relays this news to an infuriated Buck, who demands to know what MySpace is; when Donna explains MySpace and the concept of social networking websites, Buck commissions her to create a MySpace account for the business and gives her full reign over the company page. She soon abandons her 'boring' accountant duties in favor of getting everyone at Strickland to create their own personal blogs and post personal videos of unprofessional activities, creating friction between her and Hank, as he prefers that Donna do her original job and that the company reach out to customers the traditional way. Hank finds no support from Buck, who is instead so pleased with Strickland's new online publicity that he promotes Donna to a second assistant-manager position. Soon, petty squabbles over the contents of everyone's personal blogs erupt among the employees, and Hank confronts Donna about the conflicts that everyone's blogging has caused. She refuses to hear him out, however, telling him instead to blog about it. She then exacts revenge by organizing a flash mob to show up at Strickland and beat up Hank; her plan backfires when the assembled crowd mistakes Buck for Hank and attacks him instead, resulting in her being fired on the spot.
Agreeing that maybe a company website was a mistake after all, Hank and Roger take down Strickland's MySpace page, only for Enrique and the other employees to later discover that Donna has changed the password and reinstated a new page slandering Strickland and urging everyone to stop buying their propane. When it becomes apparent that no one knows how to contact Donna, Hank exasperatedly reads through all four years of her personal blog posts seeking clues as to how to find her. Finally, he comes across a recent entry describing her plans for an upcoming date at a local restaurant, and the entire Strickland roster accompanies him to the restaurant that night to talk to her. There, Donna admits that she had felt constrained by her role as accountant and just wanted a chance to be creative, and Hank tells her that she could have used some of her creativity for good. The episode ends with Donna back in her old accounting position, redesigning the page to have a more formal and businesslike appearance. 
Meanwhile, Dale rents a pig to hunt truffles but loses it in the woods, and has to borrow Ladybird in order to track it back down. Bobby and Bill accompany Dale on his quest, but they decide that Ladybird is a better truffle-hunter and give up on looking for the pig. Ladybird finds something which does turn out to be a mushroom, but Dale identifies it as a magic mushroom rather than a truffle. At that moment, the pig runs by, steals it from Dale's hand, and eats it; the last thing shown is the pig drooling and swaying as it hallucinates vividly.

</doc>
<doc id="20319861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319861" title="Recording N.Y.C. 1986">
Recording N.Y.C. 1986

Recording N.Y.C. 1986 is an album by David Murray, also known by the eponymous title "David Murray." It was released on the Japanese DIW label in 1986 and features six quartet performances by Murray with Fred Hopkins, James Blood Ulmer and Sunny Murray.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 3 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="20319874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319874" title="Indonesia–Malaysia–Thailand Growth Triangle">
Indonesia–Malaysia–Thailand Growth Triangle

The Indonesia–Malaysia–Thailand Growth Triangle (IMT-GT) started life as an early attempt at economic liberalization & integration in ASEAN. It was formally endorsed by Indonesia’s President Suharto, Malaysia’s Prime Minister Tun Dr. Mahathir Mohammad and Thailand’s Prime Minister Chuan Leekpai in 1993.
The IMT-GT is a strategic framework of international economic cooperation by the approval of leaders from the 3 countries to develop the area in the southern part of Thailand, some areas of Malaysia (Kedah, Perlis, Perak, Penang, Selangor, Kelantan, Melaka, Negeri Sembilan) and some areas of Indonesia (Aceh, North Sumatera, West Sumatera, Riau, Jambi, Bengkulu, Riau Islands, Bangka Belitung, Lampung) to become ‘the sub-region of continuous development, progress, wealth, peace and quality of life’ according to the five-year IMT-GT Roadmap ( 2007–2011).
The Asian Development Bank subsequently undertook a detailed feasibility study & formulated the framework for cooperation. The study concluded that the IMT-GT had great potential to stimulate cross-border economic integration in 6 priority areas, namely: Infrastructure Development; Agriculture & Fisheries; Trade; Tourism; Human Resource Development; and Professional Services.
The IMT-GT JBC.
The IMT-GT Joint Business Council (IMT-GT JBC) was inaugurated in 1995 as the official vehicle to mobilize private sector participation & involvement in the IMT-GT. Between 1995–2005, the IMT-GT JBC facilitated the investment of an estimated US$3.80 billion worth of new projects in the IMT-GT region.
IMT-GT Goals.
The overall goal of the IMT-GT is to accelerate private sector-led economic growth in the IMT-GT region by:
References.
IMT-GT Secretariat

</doc>
<doc id="20319883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319883" title="Sonora State Highway 149">
Sonora State Highway 149

Sonora State Highway 149 (Carretera Estatal 149) is a highway in the south of the Mexican state of Sonora.
It runs from Navojoa, where it is named Rafael J. Almada Boulevard, to the junction with Highway to Bacobampo and Sonora State Highway 56. 

</doc>
<doc id="20319884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319884" title="John Washington Baird">
John Washington Baird

John Washington Baird (February 22, 1852-unknown) was a minor American chess master, who played in a number of American and international chess tournaments between 1880 and 1906. He was the brother of David Graham Baird, who was also an American chess master.
A writer in the "New York Times", describing the players in the Sixth American Chess Congress (1889), portrayed Baird and his brother as follows:
Of the Baird brothers, David G. is the better player by far. He plays with characteristic Scotch carefulness, for he is of Scotch descent. Of medium height, he is inclined to stoutness, and is of light complexion. His brother John W. is very thin, although he looks like his brother in the face. He was one of the slowest players in the tournament.
The date and place of Baird's death are unknown.
Chess career.
Baird played in a number of American and international chess tournaments between 1880 and 1906. He scored 9/13, finished tied for 4th-5th place, in the Minor Section of the Fifth American Chess Congress. He finished 4th in the Fifth Manhattan Chess Club championship (1883). Baird finished 3rd with 6.15/12 in the Eighth Manhattan Chess Club championship (1883).
At the Sixth American Chess Congress at New York 1889, a double round robin that was one of the longest tournaments in history, Baird scored 7/38, finishing 19th out of 20 players. Baird's brother David Graham Baird scored 16/38, finishing 14th; Mikhail Chigorin and Max Weiss tied for first with 29 points, edging out Isidor Gunsberg (28.5).
Baird played in the 1892 "Hauptturnier" in Dresden, scoring 4/6 (2nd-3rd place of 7 players) and qualifying for the final, where he scored 4/8, finishing tied 4th-6th of 9 players. At a strong tournament at New York 1893, Baird finished with 4.5/9 (a half point more than his brother), tying for 5th-6th. Harry Nelson Pillsbury won with 7/9.) Baird played in the very strong "Meisterturnier" (Master Tournament) at Leipzig 1894, scoring a respectable 7.5/17 (12th place out of 18 players); Siegbert Tarrasch won. Baird also competed in international tournaments at Barmen 1905 and Nuremberg 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="20319888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319888" title="2000 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
2000 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 2000 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the The Ohio State University in the college football season of 2000–2001. The Buckeyes compiled a 8–4 record, including a 38–26 loss to rival Michigan in Columbus in the regular season finale and a 24–7 loss to the South Carolina Gamecocks in the 2001 Outback Bowl. The losses dropped head coach John Cooper's record to 2–10–1 in Ohio State-Michigan games and 3–7 in bowl games, contributing to his dismissal from the team on January 2, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20319959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319959" title="North Road Cemetery">
North Road Cemetery

North Road Cemetery is located in the Adelaide suburb of Nailsworth, approximately 5 km north of the central business district. It is 7.3 hectares (18 acres) in size and there have been over 24,000 burials since its foundation in 1853. The original size of the cemetery was 0.8 hectare (2 acres) and was established by South Australia’s first Anglican bishop, Augustus Short on land which he owned. The cemetery is still maintained by the Anglican Diocese of Adelaide.
Notable interments.
The cemetery contains the war graves of 27 Commonwealth service personnel, 16 from World War I and 11 from World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20319974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319974" title="NDHS">
NDHS

NDHS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20319990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319990" title="Barbarry Heights">
Barbarry Heights

Barbarry Heights is a neighborhood in West Lafayette, Indiana. It contains 525 homes, and George E. Lommel Park, a small child's park. Barbarry Heights was built in the 1970s and 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="20319993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20319993" title="Remodelled Beauty">
Remodelled Beauty

Remodelled Beauty is a 1975 South Korean horror film.

</doc>
<doc id="20320003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320003" title="List of people from La Jolla">
List of people from La Jolla

This is a list of notable people who were born or who lived a significant amount of time in La Jolla, San Diego, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20320025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320025" title="Sonora State Highway 162">
Sonora State Highway 162

Sonora State Highway 162 (Carretera Estatal 162) is a highway in the south of the Mexican state of Sonora.
It runs from Navojoa, where it is named Lázaro Cárdenas Boulevard, to the town of Álamos. 

</doc>
<doc id="20320035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320035" title="Ion Filotti Cantacuzino">
Ion Filotti Cantacuzino

Ion Filotti Cantacuzino or Ion I. Cantacuzino (November 7, 1908, Bucharest, Romania – August 27, 1975, Bucharest, Romania) was a Romanian film producer, writer and psychiatrist.
Biographic data.
Ion Filotti Cantacuzino, born in Bucharest on November 7, 1908, was the son of prince Ion Cantacuzino and of actress Maria Filotti. He studied 
medicine at the Carol Davila University of Medicine and Pharmacy and philosophy at the University of Bucharesthe graduated from the University of Paris' Faculty of Sciences and Faculty of Medicine,
He married Elena Warthiadi and had two sons: historian Gheorghe I. Cantacuzino and actor Şerban Cantacuzino.
Activity as writer and film critic.
His first publication is the short story “De Amore Paradox” published first in 1929 in the magazine “Excelsior”. It was reprinted as a separate volume in 1935 with 18 illustrations by W. Siegfried. Interested in cinematography he started his activity as film critic in 1931 when he was appointed by "Radio România" and started the first broadcast critics in Romania. He also contributed with film critics to various Romanian magazines.
In 1934 he also wrote his first screenplay for a documentary film "Romania" - directed by Paul Călinescu and Jean Mihail.
In 1935 he published his first volume about films: "The Fairytale factory" () The same year, he published his only play "Dri-dri" which was awarded the prize of the "Society of Romanian Dramaturgists" (Societatea Autorilor Dramatici Români) for one-act plays.
Film producer and director.
In 1941, Ion Cantacuzino was appointed director of the "National Office of Cinematography" which had been created in the late 1930s. The main activity of the Office was to release newsreels about the World War II. Besides coordinating the activity of the office, Ion Cantacuzino wrote the screenplays, directed and produced documentaries having cultural subjects: "The Peleş Castle" (Castelul Peleş) - 1941 or "Old Customs" (Datini din străbuni) - 1942 or related to the war: "Romania in war against bolshevism" (România în lupta contra bolşevismului) - 1941, "Our sacred war" (Războiul nostru sfânt) - 1942, "We" (Noi) - 1942.
Ion Cantacuzino's ambitions were however related to the production of feature films. In 1943 he produced the film "Stormy Night" (O noapte furtunoasă), a comedy based on a play by Ion Luca Caragiale directed by Jean Georgescu. He then created the Romanian-Italian film production and distribution company "Cineromit". The first coproduction was "Odessa in Flames" (Odessa in fiamme) directed by Carmine Gallone on a screenplay by Gherardo Gherardi and Nicolae Kiriţescu.
The next production of "Cineromit" was scheduled to be produced in Romania. A second film, "The white squadron" (Squadriglia bianca), directed by Romanian director Ion Sava was released in 1944. The same year, Ion Cantacuzino, as producer, selected Jean Georgescu to direct the film "A Winter Night's Dream" (Visul unei nopţi de iarnă) based on a play by Tudor Mușatescu. Due to the war, the film could be completed only in 1945. Another project which Ion Cantacuzino was negotiating with the Italians was a historical drama on the life of Stephen the Great, based on a screenplay by Camil Petrescu, starring Amedeo Nazzari and Alida Valli. This project had to be abandoned due to the war.
Ion Cantacuzino was also planning to create, in cooperation with the Italians a center for the production of feature films in Romania. The plans for the construction of the center had been designed by architect Octav Doicescu and the Italian government had promised to provide the equipment. The project could not be finalized due to the war.
Activity after 1945.
After the rise to power of the communist regime in Romania, Ion Cantacuzino was blacklisted, because of both his aristocratic background and his antisoviet attitude during the war years. He was arrested for a short time. After his release, he reverted to his second profession and worked for the rest of his life as a psychiatrist at the "Brâncovenesc Hospital" in Bucharest.
However, he did not give up his activities related to the entertainment industry. He translatated various plays for theatrical performances such as Eduardo De Filippo's Filumena Marturano and George Bernard Shaw's Heartbreak House.
In the 1960s, without abandoning his profession as psychiatrist, Ion Cantacuzino was able to publish again. He finalized the volumes of memoirs which his mother, actress Maria Filotti had not been able to complete before her death. He also wrote a book on the history of Romanian cinema "Moments from the past of Romanian film" (1965).
Death.
Ion Filotti Cantacuzino died on August 27, 1975. He is interred at Bellu Cemetery in Bucharest.
After his death a last film was produced based on one of his screenplays: "The insane forest" (Pădurea nebună), released in 1982, based on a novel by Zaharia Stancu.
In his memory, the "Association of Film Critics" has named "Ion Cantacuzino Award" its distinction for film journalism at the "International Festival for Independent Film Anonimul" organized each year in Sfântu Gheorghe.

</doc>
<doc id="20320036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320036" title="2008 CECAFA Cup">
2008 CECAFA Cup

The 2008 CECAFA Cup was the 32nd edition of the football tournament that involves teams from East and Central Africa.
All matches were played from 31 December 2008 to 13 January 2009 at the National Stadium, Kampala, Uganda.

</doc>
<doc id="20320046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320046" title="Taylor-Dunn House">
Taylor-Dunn House

The Taylor-Dunn House is a historic U.S. home located at the Parrish Medical Center on Main Street, Titusville, Florida. Arthur Dunn built the home in 1910 and he lived there with his wife Mayme Lewis Taylor Dunn. Arthur Dunn served as a Brevard County Commissioner for 24 years and significantly contributed to the creation of Arthur Dunn Airpark. Mayme Lewis Taylor Dunn descended from one of the first families to settle in Brevard County. The family owned the house for 91 years and it was moved to the Parrish Medical Center campus.

</doc>
<doc id="20320060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320060" title="Square-Footed Monster">
Square-Footed Monster

"Square-Footed Monster" is the third episode in the 13th season of the Fox animated series "King of the Hill", and the 238th episode overall. It originally aired on October 19, 2008. 
Plot.
After the death of Bill's next-door neighbor Dottie Dwyer, Hank and the guys are recruited by Dottie's nephew to help fix up her house and make it market-ready. Within a day of completing the necessary repairs the house is sold, to the satisfaction of the guys. Their short-lived satisfaction turns to shock, however, when demolition crews move in on the house first thing the following morning, and they discover that Ted Wassonasong, having been informed of the property through flyers posted around the Nine Rivers Country Club by Kahn, is behind the demolition. To their further dismay, Ted reveals his plans to erect a 'dream home' on the lot, in the form of an oversized, excessively fancy residence (and to Kahn's dissapointment, he has no intent to live there himself, but is instead building a speculation home for sale.)
The balance of the neighborhood is greatly upset by the building of the new home, as construction crews disrupt the peace with their early morning activity, dust and fumes, and crude manners. Seeking to end the disruption, Hank and the guys head to Arlen's town hall to appeal to the zoning board, but to no avail. When they resort to starting a petition, the town clerk drops the name of Edgar Hornsby as an expert in legal loopholes. Though Hornsby himself wishes to help, he is unable to find anything of use in halting the construction. The completion of the home does not improve things, either: the building is horribly incongruous in both size and style with the rest of the neighborhood, and the shadows from the massive house block out the sun in adjacent yards, including the Hills'.
One night a severe storm rolls in, and the house's shoddy workmanship and flimsy materials are no match for the strong winds. The building sways back and forth as pieces of it break off and slam into neighboring houses. Eventually it sways far enough to begin crushing part of Bill's house. Realizing what must be done, the residents of Rainey Street use every tool from Hank's garage, as well as Lucky's truck, to manually tear the house down before it does any more damage to their own homes. The next morning Ted comes by to inspect the damage, and, finding evidence of damage from tools, takes the neighborhood to court. Thanks to film footage of the initial storm damage from Nancy and expert testimony from Edgar Hornsby, the judge rules that Hank and the others acted justifiably. However, Ted subsequently uses an eminent domain clause to sell the lot to the city, and coldly informs Hank and the guys that the neighborhood will soon have a new (and equally incongruous) electrical substation, Ironically Hornsby was willingly responsible for finding the legal loopholes to permit the substation's construction since it will be named after him. Using another Hornsby loophole, though, the guys build a façade around the substation to make it look from the street like another normal house once again stands in the lot. Order to the neighborhood is restored.
Reception.
In its original American broadcast "Square-Footed Monster" was viewed by an estimated 7.35 million housenholds the lowest viewership of "Animation Domination".

</doc>
<doc id="20320065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320065" title="Brian Morton (American writer)">
Brian Morton (American writer)

Brian Morton (born 1955) is an American author, born in New York City. He graduated from Sarah Lawrence College. He has worked for "Dissent", where he became executive editor in 1995. He currently teaches at Sarah Lawrence College, New York University and The Bennington Writing Seminars. Morton grew up in Teaneck, New Jersey.
Morton's 1998 novel "Starting Out in the Evening" was adapted into the 2007 film of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="20320077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320077" title="Jeremy Griffiths">
Jeremy Griffiths

Jeremy Richard Griffiths (born March 22, 1978 in Fairview, Ohio) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the New York Mets and Houston Astros.
In , Griffiths played for the Astros Triple-A affiliate, the Round Rock Express, but was released on June 19. He then signed with the independent Nashua Pride of the Atlantic League where in 5 starts, he went 0-2 and had an ERA of 16.33.

</doc>
<doc id="20320078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320078" title="Sonora State Highway 100">
Sonora State Highway 100

Sonora State Highway 100 (Carretera Estatal 100) is a highway in the center of the Mexican state of Sonora.
It runs from Hermosillo to El Desemboque, connecting also the beach town of Bahía de Kino. 

</doc>
<doc id="20320088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320088" title="Delmar Stadium">
Delmar Stadium

Delmar Stadium is a 12,000-seat stadium located at 1900 Mangum Road in Houston, Texas, USA. It is primarily used for American football games of HISD schools. The Delmar Stadium complex includes a 5,400-seat basketball arena, Delmar Fieldhouse, a 6,000-seat football/soccer/track venue, Dyer Stadium, a 3,000-seat football/soccer field, Delmar Jr. Field, and a 1,500-seat baseball stadium, Absher Field.
In 1974, the Minnesota Vikings used Delmar Stadium as their practice facility in preparation for Super Bowl VIII, which was played at Rice Stadium.
Delmar was also the primary home field of the Texas Southern University Tigers football team in 2008, following Hurricane Ike. Texas Southern played three games there during the 2008 season, including a rivalry game against Grambling State University on November 20.
On March 13, 2010, Delmar Stadium hosted the third annual Space City Classic high school senior all-star football game. Organizers intend to keep the Space City Classic at Delmar in the future.
On July 22, 2011, Trae Day, in honor of rapper Trae Tha Truth, was hosted for its 4th year.

</doc>
<doc id="20320090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320090" title="Christmas from the Heart (Kenny Rogers album)">
Christmas from the Heart (Kenny Rogers album)

Christmas From The Heart is a 1998 holiday album by country music superstar Kenny Rogers.
Overview.
The album was not received well by critics. Rogers sings some tracks, and some tracks are taken from a musical of the same name. It really doesn't work well; "This is truly a bizarre and disappointing album, combining Rogers' bland adult contemporary versions of traditional Christmas songs with obnoxious numbers sung by children."
Reissue.
In 2008, Koch Records reissued the CD under the same title, but with one change; the final track is omitted.

</doc>
<doc id="20320111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320111" title="Take It While It's Hot">
Take It While It's Hot

"Take It While It's Hot" is the debut album of the New York-based Latin freestyle trio Sweet Sensation. Released in 1988, this album continued the Freestyle movement of the late 1980s brought on by groups such as Exposé, the Cover Girls, and Seduction. The album went to #63 on the Billboard pop albums chart and spawned five hit singles: "Hooked on You," "Victim of Love," "Take It While It's Hot," "Never Let You Go," and "Sincerely Yours". By the end of 1989, the album was certified platinum by the RIAA.
Early pressings of the album featured original members Betty LeBron, Margie Fernandez, and Mari Fernandez on the front cover. Later pressings of the album featured Sheila Vega on the front cover, who replaced Mari Fernandez. The album's vocals, however, were not rerecorded after the personnel change.

</doc>
<doc id="20320114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320114" title="Gregory Bryant-Bey">
Gregory Bryant-Bey

Gregory Bryant-Bey (6 August 1955 – 19 November 2008) was an American criminal. He was convicted in the robbery and stabbing murders of two business owners in 1992, and executed by the state of Ohio.
Childhood.
Bryant-Bey was sent by his mother to New York City to live with a woman who "adopted" him. The woman allegedly beat him regularly, and forced him to care for her daughter. When Bryant-Bey was 13, his mother brought him back to Toledo, then left him in the care of her ex-husband. Bryant-Bey graduated from high school and served for 2 years in the United States Air Force.
Early crimes.
Bryant-Bey had a long criminal history, beginning at age 17 in 1973. He was imprisoned from 1977-1979 for assault, for 30 days in 1989 for resisting arrest in connection with a drug abuse crime, for 6 months in 1990 for theft. and for 2 days in 1982 for resisting arrest. Bey had 3 assault convictions, one additional theft conviction, possession of an illegal weapon, disturbing the peace, a criminal trespass, another resisting arrest conviction, and two speeding tickets. There were several other criminal charges over the years that did not result in convictions.
Dale Pinkelman.
Dale Pinkelman, 48, owned a collectables shop in Toledo called Pinky's Collectibles. On August 9, 1992, Pinkelman was stabbed in the chest, and his store was robbed.
Pete Mihas.
On November 2, 1992, Pete Mihas, 61, a restaurant owner in Toledo, was found stabbed and robbed in his restaurant. Bryant-Bey was apprehended, and his fingerprints and palmprints were linked to the Pinkelman murder.
Execution.
Bryant-Bey was sentenced to death for the murder of Dale Pinkelman, and life for the murder of Pete Mihas. After Governor Ted Strickland denied a request for clemency, Bryant-Bey's attorneys applied to the United States Supreme Court for a 60-day moratorium, but was denied. Right up to the end, Bryant-Bey maintained that he had been framed.

</doc>
<doc id="20320127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320127" title="Explocity">
Explocity

Explocity Pvt Ltd is a media and publishing company headquartered in Bangalore. The company was formed by Ramjee Chandran. Explocity has city based publications across six cities in India, namely, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Delhi and Kolkata.
Corporate history.
Prior to the inception of Explocity, Chandran first began a Bangalore based magazine, Bangalore This Fortnight, in 1989. This was followed by the launch of the Bangalore Monthly and the Bangaloremag.com. The internet had just begun its journey in the late 1990s in India, when Chandran created Explocity.com in 1999. Some of the initial funding was from media Mogul, Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. Explocity.com has content like events, restaurants, hotel listings, shopping, nightlife and sightseeing in cities like New York, Dubai, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Delhi and Kolkata.
The Explocity guide (formerly known as CityInfo), was the next product from Explocity, which provides information on restaurants, places to visit, shopping, in cities around the world. It then began publishing lifestyle magazines like "080" (Bangalore), "044" (Chennai) and "040" (Hyderabad), followed by "022" (Mumbai) and "011" (Delhi'). A daily newsletter, "MyTime", was also created. Explocity was one of the first companies in the world to introduce the software called Pagician for their digital magazines. Explocity also launched a city Movies Guide website online called Explocity Movies. Explocity also partners with Kingfisher (beer) to bring out the Kingfisher Explocity Great Food and Nightlife Guides. On the eve of its 21st anniversary, Explocity also launched an area specific destination guide for the Indiranagar area in Bangalore, followed by the more recent guide to the Mumbai based shopping mall Palladium.
Explocity is the official publisher of the Dubai Shopping Festival 2010 and the Dubai Summer Surprises 2010.
Products and events.
Explocity organised the Bangalore Restaurant Week which was a week-long event involving reportedly the best restaurants in Bangalore in November 2011. The event started with 7 chefs from reportedly leading hotels in Bangalore, facing off in a cooking competition called King of Chefs.
Explocity's weekend dining newsletter FirstFoodie was written about in IMPACT magazine's story about media houses in India that cater to food and beverages in January 2013.
Explocity launched EXEC (now known as Executive Traveller) - reportedly, India's first magazine for business travellers - in April 2010. A couple of years later, EXEC tied up with a smartphone content provider to serve its content on the iPhone, iPad and Android smartphones and tablet devices.
Management history.
CEO Ramjee Chandran's experience in the publishing industry began when he launched Bangalore This Fortnight, way back in 1989. Over the next few years, he launched a few more city centric offline and online properties.

</doc>
<doc id="20320137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320137" title="Cohort model">
Cohort model

The cohort model in psycholinguistics and neurolinguistics is a model of lexical retrieval first proposed by William Marslen-Wilson in the late 1980s. It attempts to describe how visual or auditory input (i.e., hearing or reading a word) is mapped onto a word in a hearer's lexicon. According to the model, when a person hears speech segments real-time, each speech segment "activates" every word in the lexicon that begins with that segment, and as more segments are added, more words are ruled out, until only one word is left that still matches the input.
Background Information.
The cohort model relies on a number of concepts in the theory of lexical retrieval. The lexicon is the store of words in a person's mind.; it contains a person's vocabulary and is similar to a mental dictionary. A lexical entry is all the information about a word and the lexical storage is the way the items are stored for peak retrieval. Lexical access is the way that an individual accesses the information in the mental lexicon. A word's cohort is composed of all the lexical items that share an initial sequence of phonemes., and is the set of words activated by the initial phonemes of the word.
Model.
The cohort model is based on the concept that auditory or visual input to the brain stimulates neurons as it enters the brain, rather than at the end of a word. This fact was demonstrated in the 1980s through experiments with speech shadowing, in which subjects listened to recordings and were instructed to repeat aloud exactly what they heard, as quickly as possible; Marslen-Wilson found that the subjects often started to repeat a word before it had actually finished playing, which suggested that the word in the hearer's lexicon was activated before the entire word had been heard. Findings such as these led Marslen-Wilson to propose the cohort model in 1987.
The cohort model consists of three stages: access, selection, and integration. Under this model, auditory lexical retrieval begins with the first one or two speech segments, or phonemes, reach the hearer's ear, at which time the mental lexicon activates every possible word that begins with that speech segment. This occurs during the "access stage" and all of the possible words are known as the cohort. The words that are activated by the speech signal but are not the intended word are often called "competitors." Identification of the target word is more difficult with more competitors. As more speech segments enter the ear and stimulate more neurons, causing the competitors that no longer match the input to be "kicked out" or to decrease in activation. The processes by which words are activated and competitors rejected in the cohort model are frequently called "activation and selection" or "recognition and competition." These processes continue until an instant, called the "recognition point", at which only one word remains activated and all competitors have been kicked out. The recognition point process is initiated within the first 200 to 250 milliseconds of the onset of the given word. This is also known as the uniqueness point and it is the point where the most processing occurs. Moreover, there is a difference in the way a word is processed before it reaches its recognition point and afterwards. One can look at the process prior to reaching the recognition point as bottom-up, where the phonemes are used to access the lexicon. The post recognition point process is top-down, because the information concerning the chosen word is tested against the word that is presented. The selection stage occurs when only one word is left from the set. Finally, in the integration stage, the semantic and syntactic properties of activated words are incorporated into the high-level utterance representation. 
Since its original proposal, the model has been adjusted to allow for the role that context plays in helping the hearer rule out competitors, and the fact that activation is "tolerant" to minor acoustic mismatches that arise because of coarticulation (a property by which language sounds are slightly changed by the sounds preceding and following them).
Experimental evidence.
Much evidence in favor of the cohort model has come from priming studies, in which a "priming word" is presented to a subject and then closely followed by a "target word" and the subject asked to identify if the target word is a real word or not; the theory behind the priming paradigm is that if a word is activated in the subject's mental lexicon, the subject will be able to respond more quickly to the target word. If the subject does respond more quickly, the target word is said to be "primed" by the priming word. Several priming studies have found that when a stimulus that does not reach recognition point is presented, numerous words targets were all primed, whereas if a stimulus past recognition point is presented, only one word is primed. For example, in Pienie Zwitserlood's study of Dutch compared the words "kapitein" ("captain") and "kapitaal" ("capital" or "money"); in the study, the stem "kapit-" primed both "boot" ("boat," semantically related to "kapitein") and "geld" ("gold," semantically related to "kapitaal"), suggesting that both lexical entries were activated; the full word "kapitein", on the other hand, primed only "boot" and not "geld". Furthermore, experiments have shown that in tasks where subjects must differentiate between words and non-words, reaction times were faster for longer words with phonemic points of discrimination where earlier in the word. For example, discriminating between "Crocodile" and "Dial", the point of recognition to discriminate between the two words comes at the /d/ in "crocodile" which is much earlier than the /l/ sound in "Dial".
Later experiments refined the model. For example, some studies showed that "shadowers" (subjects who listen to auditory stimuli and repeat it as quickly as possible) could not shadow as quickly when words were jumbled up so they didn't mean anything; those results suggested that sentence structure and speech context also contribute to the process of activation and selection.
Research in bilinguals has found that word recognition is influenced by the number of neighbors in both languages. 

</doc>
<doc id="20320143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320143" title="Batavia High School (Batavia, New York)">
Batavia High School (Batavia, New York)

Batavia High School is a public high school in Batavia, New York, USA. It is the only public high school in the Batavia City Schools district. The school has approximately 700 students and approximately 60 teachers.

</doc>
<doc id="20320145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320145" title="Joseph Stirling Coyne">
Joseph Stirling Coyne

Joseph Stirling Coyne (1803–1868) was a humorist and satirist in the tradition of Jonathan Swift and Alexander Pope. One of the most prolific British playwrights of the mid-nineteenth century, he wrote more than sixty plays; his twenty-seven farces are surpassed in number only by John Maddison Morton's ninety-one and T. J. Williams's thirty. Coyne brought to the stage accomplished comedic interchanges, puns, irony, exaggerated character traits, ludicrous plot situations, and surprising outcomes. His plays reveal a deft ear for dialogue and an ability to create characters suited to the talents of specific actors. As a journalist Coyne contributed humorous pieces to many widely circulated journals and newspapers.
Childhood.
Coyne was born in 1803 to Denis Coyne, a port worker, and Bridget Coyne, née Cosgrave, in Birr, County Offaly, Ireland. After attending the Dungannon School, he began studying law but decided to pursue a literary career after some of his articles appeared in local publications. His first farce, "The Phrenologist", appeared at The Theatre Royal in Dublin in June 1835 and was revived two years later at what later became The Abbey Theatre.
Remembrance.
Joseph Stirling Coyne's everyday characters and realistic situations and language appealed to working-class theatergoers, and his plays enjoyed long runs during the middle decades of the nineteenth century, when stage. Coyne is remembered for his humor and puns and for his satire of Victorian social and artistic conventions. His work is a significant link between the stylized French and English comedies of the eighteenth century and the witty, intellectual plays of Wilde and George Bernard Shaw.

</doc>
<doc id="20320159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320159" title="Special Quartet">
Special Quartet

Special Quartet is an album by David Murray released on the DIW/Columbia label. It was released in 1990 and features six quartet performances by Murray with Fred Hopkins, McCoy Tyner and Elvin Jones.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 5 stars stating "A successful outing full of mutual inspiration, this CD is easily recommended.".

</doc>
<doc id="20320178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320178" title="HTC Max 4G">
HTC Max 4G

The HTC MAX 4G is the world first commercial WiMAX phone announced on the HTC website in a November 12, 2008 press release. It is based on Windows Mobile 6.1. The phone is developed by the High Tech Computer Corporation of Taiwan and is similar in looks to previously released HTC Touch HD. It is the first phone from the HTC Touch Family to incorporate GSM & WiMAX technology. The phone is only offered for the Russian market, specifically for the Yota network which operates in Moscow, St. Petersburg, Ufa, Sochi and Krasnodar. The phone was expected to be released in April 2009 in the UK
The phone uses a widescreen WVGA 480x800 display. and is marketed as an entertainment phone. It is also capable of VoIP communication over the WiMAX network.
Price.
Recommended retail price is 25900 rubles (about 816 US dollars or €580), according to Yota's official website

</doc>
<doc id="20320192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320192" title="Uncial 0223">
Uncial 0223

Uncial 0223 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. The manuscript paleographically had been assigned to the 6th century. It contains a small parts of the Second Epistle to the Corinthians (1:17-2:2), on 1 parchment leaf (12 cm by 8.5 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 17 lines per page.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1953.
The codex currently is housed at the Austrian National Library, in Vienna, with the shelf number Pap. G. 3073.

</doc>
<doc id="20320216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320216" title="Formula (album)">
Formula (album)

Formula (released 1995) is an album by industrial/metal band OLD (Old Lady Drivers). It is their last full-length to date, and the group was condensed to a duo, with James Plotkin handling all instruments and Alan Dubin handling all vocals. 
The album is a rather drastic departure from OLD's earlier works, abandoning much of their extreme metal roots to instead explore techno, IDM and electro, with Dubin's vocals processed through a Vocoder.
According to "Terrorizer Magazine" (article named "Lost Classics & Follies"), it is allegedly the lowest-selling album in the history of Earache Records. Though not well received at the time of its release, Allmusic reports that "Formula" can be viewed as a precursor of industrial techno
Track listing.
All songs written and arranged by Dubin/Plotkin.

</doc>
<doc id="20320222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320222" title="Des Moines Area Regional Transit">
Des Moines Area Regional Transit

Des Moines Area Regional Transit Authority (DART) operates mass transit service in the Des Moines metropolitan area.
History.
DART was originally founded in 1973 as the Des Moines Metropolitan Transit Authority, commonly known as the MTA. Formed by a partnership of the cities of Des Moines, West Des Moines, Clive, Windsor Heights, and Urbandale. The MTA eventually developed a 14-county carpool and vanpool system in addition to its bus system.
By 2006, population growth in varying regions of central Iowa led to Polk County and nineteen cities forming a regional transportation agency following changes to Iowa law in 2005.
Sunday service was added for the first time in 2007. In 2008, a free shuttle linked downtown Des Moines with the Iowa State Capitol. In 2012, a $21 million bus transfer station was opened on the south end of downtown, ending decades of using Walnut Street as a transit mall.
Structure.
DART utilizes a hub and spoke system, designed to favor commuters, as opposed to point-to-point system. All routes run through downtown Des Moines. In 1985, Walnut Street, traditionally a retail center for the city, was repurposed as a transit mall, with traffic banned during daytime hours in order to enable bus transfers. This system was replaced by the $21 DART Central Station in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20320223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320223" title="Dennis Wrong">
Dennis Wrong

Dennis Hume Wrong (born 1923) is an American sociologist, and emeritus professor of sociology in the Department of Sociology at New York University.
Wrong is the author of several books, including two essay collections containing articles first published in cultural, intellectual, political and scholarly journals in the United States, Canada, and Britain. He has taught sociology at Princeton University, Rutgers, Brown University, the University of Toronto, the New School for Social Research Graduate Faculty, and for most of his career at New York University. He is currently retired and lives in Princeton.
The award for the best graduate paper of the year in the sociology department at New York University is named in honor of Dennis Wrong.( http://sociology.fas.nyu.edu/object/soc.departmentalawards )
Views.
Wrong is best known for the introduction of the "Oversocialized conception of Man in Modern sociology." This summarized his critique of the limitations of the functional model employed by Talcott Parsons. He also takes credit for having introduced Erving Goffman to sociology at university in Canada.
In his book "Power" Wrong argued:
It has been argued that, like "freedom" or "justice" – those "big words which make us so unhappy", as Stephen Dedalus called them – "power" is an "essentially contested concept", meaning that people with different values and beliefs are bound to disagree over its nature and definition. It is claimed therefore that there cannot be any commonly accepted or even preferred meaning so long as people differ on normative issues as they are likely to do indefinitely, if not forever. "Power", however, does not seem to me to be an inherently normative concept. […] its scope and pervasiveness, its involvement in any and all spheres of social life, give it almost unavoidable evaluative overtones. Positive or negative, benign or malign, auras come to envelop it, linking it still more closely to ideological controversy. Yet power as a generic attribute of social life is surely more like the concepts of "society", "group" or "social norm" than like such essentially and inescapably normative notions as "justice", "democracy" or "human rights". (Wrong 2002: viii)

</doc>
<doc id="20320228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320228" title="Josh Stewart (baseball)">
Josh Stewart (baseball)

Joshua Craig Stewart (born December 5, 1978 in Paducah, Kentucky) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Chicago White Sox from -. He also played in the Japanese Pacific League for the Orix Buffaloes in . He last played in for the Albuquerque Isotopes in the Florida Marlins organization.

</doc>
<doc id="20320269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320269" title="Remembrances (David Murray album)">
Remembrances (David Murray album)

Remembrances is an album by David Murray released on the Japanese DIW label in 1991. It has seven quintet performances by Murray with Hugh Ragin, Dave Burrell, Wilber Morris and Tani Tabbal.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 3 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="20320272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320272" title="Vetcho Lolas">
Vetcho Lolas

Vetcho Lolas (birth name Hervé Bié) is an Ivoirian signer, musician, attalakutiste and disc-jockey of Guéré origin in the style Coupé-Décalé. He also did some rumba, the religious music and some makossa. Owner of three albums, in the summer 2008 he released through his third album a concept called "Shamakuana", which means "danse des bluffeurs"
Biography.
Vetcho Lolas, friend of Shaggy Sharufa and N'Guessan Amessan, said Bébi Philippe worked as a disc jockey in one of the biggest maquis Abidjanais. It was as a DJ that he for a long time silently contributed to a lot of artistes of the register coupé-décalé. Similarly to most Ivoirian disc-jockeys, he decide to produce in music, releasing his first song entitled "Couvre-feu" in 2002 with the dance group Lolas which he had joined in 1999. Afterwards he released a single named "la moulance". After this pièce he releases his second album entitled "chipeur, arrête de chiper", which was a total flop. Then, in 2007, he produced for a young sound engineer named N'Guessan Amessan and released a fourth disco graphical piece where he promises a new concept of dance entitled "La Gbèlèche".
Even though his four pieces, the disc jockey of multiple talents stayed in the shadows. He met success in summer 2008 when he released his third album which he recorded at N'Guessan Amessan house entitled "La Shamakuana" or "Shamakoana", which means "la danse des bloffeurs", produced by Georgy the best and Jérôme Zoma. Since August 2008, this concept has stayed at the top of the hit list in the Côte d'Ivoire. This concept was in fact for "Tous ceux qui aiment faire le malin et se distinguer" selon son créateur même. Which means "for all of those how love doing the smartass and be distinguished".

</doc>
<doc id="20320286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320286" title="Charles Fessenden Morse">
Charles Fessenden Morse

Charles Fessenden Morse (September 22, 1839 – December 11, 1926) was a Lieutenant Colonel in the Union Army during the American Civil War and, afterward, an influential businessman and civic leader in Kansas City, Missouri.
Early life.
Morse was born in Boston, and spent his childhood there. He attended Harvard University, graduating in 1858 with an S.B. degree.
Civil War.
Soon after the start of the Civil War in 1861, Morse joined the 2nd Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, where he fought alongside some of his Harvard classmates, including the future colonel of the 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, Robert Gould Shaw. The two became close friends, maintaining near daily-correspondence until the latter's death in the Battle of Fort Wagner in July 1863. Morse was promoted to captain of the regiment's Company B, and served in this role at the battles of Cedar Mountain, Antietam, and Chancellorsville. After Gettysburg, he was promoted to lieutenant colonel of the 2nd Massachusetts, a rank he held until the end of the war. During the Atlanta campaign waged by Union General William T. Sherman in 1864, Morse served as provost marshal of the city following its burning and Union occupation, where "all accounts, [he kept strict order."
Business career.
After the war, Morse tried his hand at cotton farming in Georgia, but was unsuccessful. He traveled west in 1870 and found greater success in a series of positions in the railroad business. In 1878, Morse left his post as general manager of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway in Topeka, Kansas at the suggestion of his friend, Charles Francis Adams, Jr., and relocated to Kansas City, where he served first as general manager and eventually president of the Kansas City Stockyards. Morse also served for several years as president of the Kansas City Metropolitan Street Railway company. He was one of the first residents of the city's exclusive Hyde Park district, a gated suburb established outside the city limits near the frontier town of Westport in 1882. During the 1880s and 1890s, Col. Morse helped establish several elite civic institutions, including The Barstow School and the Kansas City Country Club. Morse maintained a summer residence in Falmouth, Massachusetts, to which he retired in 1913.
In popular culture.
A young Captain Morse was portrayed by Donovan Leitch, Jr. in the 1989 film "Glory", though this appearance was fictionalized. (Morse is shown as an officer of the 54th Mass., while in reality he never left the 2nd Mass.) His battlefield letters to Robert Gould Shaw served as primary sources for the books that inspired the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20320320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320320" title="Brillouin's theorem">
Brillouin's theorem

Within quantum chemistry, Brillouin's theorem, proposed by the French physicist Léon Brillouin in 1934, runs as follows: 
Suppose "D"1 is an optimized single determinant function and "Dj" is a determinant corresponding to any single excitation out of an orbital "φj" occupied in "D"1 and into the virtual subspace (orthogonal complement) of "D"1, then no improvement in energy is possible taking "ψ" = "c"1"D"1+"c"2"Dj".
The proof of this theorem is as follows: begin with a basis set that spans a function space. A self-consistent field (SCF) calculation is performed, which produces the best single-determinant wavefunction we can possibly get within this function space. Call this "D"1. "Dj" differs from "D"1 in only one atomic orbital, which means they differ in only one row. A general property of determinants is that, if two of them differ in only one row or column, any linear combination of the two can be expressed as one determinant. Thus, any combination "c"1"D"1 + "c"2"Dj" can still be written as a single determinant. Since "Dj" makes no use of functions outside the original basis set, "c"1"D"1 + "c"2"Dj" is a single determinant within the original function space. However, "D"1 is already known to be the single determinant within this function space that gives the lowest energy, and therefore "c"1"D"1 + "c"2"Dj" cannot do better.

</doc>
<doc id="20320380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320380" title="Contrived">
Contrived

Contrived is a Canadian indie rock band based in Halifax and Montreal that formed in June 2000. The band consists of Mike Bigelow, Loel Campbell, Mike MacNeill, Tim D'Eon and Jon Samuel. They are signed to Hand Drawn Dracula. Four of the five members are in the Juno Award-winning band Wintersleep, and two are in Juno and Polaris-nominated Holy Fuck. They have released three full-length albums and one EP.

</doc>
<doc id="20320381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320381" title="1117 Verona earthquake">
1117 Verona earthquake

A powerful earthquake on 3 January 1117 struck northern Italy and Germany, rated a VII on the Mercalli intensity scale. The epicentre of the first shock was near Verona, the city which suffered the most damage. The outer wall of the amphitheatre was partially felled, and the standing portion was damaged in a later earthquake of 1183. Many other churches, monasteries, and ancient monuments were destroyed or seriously damaged, eliminating much of Verona's early medieval architecture and providing space for a massive Romanesque rebuilding. After the first shock of 3 January, seismic activity persisted for months, striking on 12 January, 4 June, 1 July, 1 October, and 30 December.
The earthquake was not only felt in Verona but across northern Italy, from Cividale to Pavia, south to Pisa and north to Switzerland. Outside of Verona the most damaged areas were Milan, Bergamo, Brescia, Venice, Treviso, Modena, Parma, and Cremona. The main churches of Padua all suffered major damages. News of the earthquake reached Montecassino and Reims. The Milanese chronicler Landolfo Iuniore reported that the church synods needed to be carried out in the open air, due to the destruction. In Germany, damage was also extensive. The Michaelskirche in Bamberg, the abbey at Brauweiler, and buildings in Rottenburg am Neckar, Constance, Meersburg, and Fénis were all reported damaged.
Recent studies, however, suggest that it was not a major, single event on 3 January, but instead a series of powerful shocks in the areas of Verona (West Veneto) and Cremona (Lower Lombardy), which happened in a few days or even in a few hours. Other earthquakes may have hit as far south as Pisa (North-West Tuscany) and as north as Augsburg (South-West Bavaria), as distinct events, in the same days.

</doc>
<doc id="20320382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320382" title="Delmar Fieldhouse">
Delmar Fieldhouse

James M. Delmar Fieldhouse was a 5,000-seat multi-purpose arena located at 2020 Mangum Road in Houston, Texas. It was primarily used for basketball. 
It is perhaps most notable for being the home court to the Houston Cougars men's basketball team, featuring Elvin Hayes, during the 1960s. It also hosted a Midwest regional quarterfinal game between the Cougars and the Marquette Warriors in 1961, the first NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament game held in the state of Texas. The city has gone on to host tournament games nine more times through 2011, with the 2016 Final Four scheduled to take place in Reliant Stadium as well.
In 2007, the WNBA's Houston Comets and Connecticut Sun played a pre-season game at Delmar Fieldhouse.
In 2008, it served as the home court for the Texas Southern University Tigers women's basketball team.
In September 2013, the Houston Independent School District voted to demolish the structure which will be replaced by a new facility called the Delmar-Tusa Fieldhouse, set to open in late 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="20320384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320384" title="Gettin' That Guac">
Gettin' That Guac

"Gettin' That Guac" is a studio album released by MessCalen on August 1, 2006. Guest appearances on the album include Redman, Selau, Killa Tay, Keak Da Sneak, Click Clack Gang, Eddieboy, Slo-O & Ice-T.

</doc>
<doc id="20320444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320444" title="Believe in the Stars">
Believe in the Stars

"Believe in the Stars" is the second episode of the third season of the American television comedy series "30 Rock", and the 38th overall episode of the series. It was written by executive producer Robert Carlock and directed by series producer Don Scardino. The episode originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) network in the United States on November 6, 2008. Guest stars in this episode include Remy Auberjonois, Todd Buonopane, Raven Goodwin, and Oprah Winfrey.
The episode's plot concerns a feud between Tracy Jordan (Tracy Morgan) and Jenna Maroney (Jane Krakowski) over royalties from Tracy's pornographic video game "Gorgasm: The Legend of Dong Slayer". Liz Lemon (Tina Fey) attempts to settle the fight with the help of Oprah Winfrey, whom she meets on a return flight from Chicago. Meanwhile, NBC page Kenneth Parcell (Jack McBrayer) is stung by the revelation that most events from the 2008 Summer Olympics were staged to boost America's image and NBC's ratings. Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin) attempts to break Kenneth of his moral absolutism.
"Believe in the Stars" received generally positive reception from television critics, with Neal Justin of the "Star Tribune" concluding it was "the most brilliant episode in the series' history". According to the Nielsen ratings system, the episode was watched by 8.0 million households during its original broadcast, and received a 3.9 rating/9 share among viewers in the 18–49 demographic.
Plot.
The episode starts with Liz Lemon (Tina Fey) announcing to her boss, Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin), that she needs to go to Chicago for jury duty because she is still registered to vote there. Jack gives Liz a powerful sedative for the trip. Later, NBC page Kenneth Parcell (Jack McBrayer) walks in on a meeting between Jack and the American silver medalist in tetherball, Tyler Brody (Remy Auberjonois). Tyler is angry at Jack for not selecting him as the gold medalist, and is threatening to go public with the revelation that there was no Olympic tetherball competition during the 2008 Summer Olympics, as it was staged to boost NBC's ratings. To keep him quiet, Jack tells him that he can "be the voice of "Knight Rider"" in a film adaptation, which Tyler considers. Afterwards, Kenneth tells Jack that he "lost two heroes today", as he looked up to both Jack and Tyler. As a result, Jack wants to be in Kenneth's good side, but wants to break his moral absolutism, after Kenneth did not hesitate to attempt to kill himself when he believed the air in a stalled elevator was about to run out. Jack finally succeeds when he supplies Kenneth with a big screen television, but no cable hookup. Kenneth steals cable and later confesses to Jack, asking if "SpongeBob SquarePants" "is supposed to be terrifying".
Meanwhile, Jenna Maroney (Jane Krakowski) demands compensation for her voice work in Tracy Jordan's (Tracy Morgan) pornographic video game, "Gorgasm: The Legend of Dong Slayer". The argument escalates and Liz orders them to stop their bickering. After Liz leaves for Chicago, Jenna and Tracy decide to conduct a social experiment to see whether Tracy can survive better as a white woman than Jenna can as a black man, after arguing respectively that black men and white women have it harder in society. Later, while on her flight, Liz takes Jack's sedative. Liz realizes that the woman sitting next to her is Oprah Winfrey. When Liz arrives back at the 30 Rock studios, Tracy is dressed in female drag with his body covered in white makeup and soon after, Jenna enters in blackface and male drag. Jack worries that the situation has gone out of control, but Liz assures him that Oprah, who is coming to the studios, will be able to make them come to terms. As it turns out, her inflight conversation with Oprah was a hallucination. The person who Liz thought was Oprah is actually a 12-year-old girl named Pam (Raven Goodwin). Even so, Pam engages Tracy and Jenna in a heart-to-heart, and manages to settle their differences.
Production.
"Believe in the Stars" was written by executive producer Robert Carlock and directed by series producer Don Scardino. This episode was Carlock's ninth writing credit, and was Scardino's fifteenth directed episode. "Believe in the Stars" originally aired in the United States on November 6, 2008 on NBC as the second episode of the show's third season and the 38th overall episode of the series.
In September 2008, it was announced that television host Oprah Winfrey would guest star on the show. She filmed her appearance on September 13, 2008. When Winfrey interviewed series creator Tina Fey on her show in November, Fey revealed that they shot their scene together on a Saturday, a day that the show normally does not film on. Actress Raven Goodwin played Pam, a 12-year-old girl that, while hallucinating, Liz Lemon believed was Oprah. Actor Remy Auberjonois played Olympic medalist Tyler Brody in this episode. This was actor Todd Buonopane's debut as the character Jeffrey Weinerslav, an NBC Human Resource mediator. In "Believe in the Stars", Jeffrey tries to mediate the disagreement that Jenna and Tracy are having over the video game. Buonopane later guest starred in the episodes "Cutbacks" and "Jackie Jormp-Jomp".
"Star Wars" is frequently referenced in "30 Rock", beginning with the pilot episode in 2006 where Tracy Jordan is seen shouting that he is a Jedi. Liz admits to being a huge fan of "Star Wars", saying that she had watched it many times with Pete Hornberger (Scott Adsit), and dressed up as the "Star Wars" character Princess Leia during four recent Halloweens, and in this episode while trying to get out of jury duty in Chicago. "Star Wars" is also referenced when Tracy takes on the identity of the character Chewbacca. Fey, a fan of "Star Wars" herself, said that the weekly "Star Wars" joke or reference "started happening organically" when the crew realized that they had a "Star Wars" reference "in almost every show". She said that from then on "it became a thing where tried to keep it going", and that even though they could not include one in every episode, they still had a "pretty high batting average". She attributed most of the references to Carlock, whom she described as "the resident expert".
Reception.
According to the Nielsen ratings system, "Believe in the Stars" was watched by 8.0 million households in its original American broadcast. It earned a 3.9 rating/9 share in the 18–49 demographic. This means that it was seen by 3.9 percent of all 18- to 49-year-olds, and 9 percent of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast. This was a decrease from the season premiere episode, "Do-Over", which was watched by 8.7 million American viewers. Nonetheless, this episode was the eighth highest-rated show on the NBC network during the week of November 3–9, 2008. Since airing, "Believe in the Stars" has received good reception from television critics.
IGN contributor Robert Canning praised the episode, saying that it was "an absolutely perfect episode with not a moment wasted equally hilarious were the storylines between Jack and Kenneth, and Tracy and Jenna. The episode had everything that makes "30 Rock" great." Canning opined that Liz's admissions to Oprah Winfrey were "painfully funny", and that Tracy "was on fire" following his actions in this episode. In conclusion, Canning gave it a 10 out of 10 rating. Jeremy Medina of "Paste" was complimentary towards the episode, reporting that it had "madcap humor tirelessly delivered one joke after another at a lightning fast speed, adding up to one of the funniest episodes in the series." Medina enjoyed the social experiment between Jenna and Tracy, noting that it was "hilarious". "TV Guide"'s Matt Mitovich commented that the episode was "Rock-solid", while Neal Justin of the "Star Tribune" believed it was "the most brilliant episode in the series' history". Television columnist Alan Sepinwall of "The Star-Ledger" wrote that "Believe in the Stars" belonged to Tina Fey "who has grown by leaps and bounds as an actress over the past few years. The Princess Leia voice, her drunken panic on the plane [... and the religious fervor at the knowledge that Oprah would be coming to the studio were all hilarious, and played with the sort of confidence I don't know that she would have had at the start of the series."
"The A.V. Club"'s Nathan Rabin said that the Jenna and Tracy subplot was not the most inspired idea, but admitted it introduced one of his "favorite gags in "30 Rock" history" regarding two make-up artists giving Tracy a monster claw to use as a white hand when they ran out of white powder. Rabin called it a "brilliant gag." He was less enthusiastic with Winfrey in the episode, noting that her appearance "was treated as such a seismic cultural event that tonight's episode couldn't help but feel like a letdown." Bob Sassone of AOL's TV Squad wrote that "the least effective plot" in this episode was Jenna and Tracy's.

</doc>
<doc id="20320451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320451" title="Paul Hunter (journalist)">
Paul Hunter (journalist)

Paul Hunter is a Canadian television journalist for CBC News reporting from Washington DC mainly on American politics. Hunter has reported from numerous places across Canada and the world, both as a reporter and correspondent reporting on events including the Premierships of Stephen Harper and Paul Martin, the Haiti earthquake, the inauguration of Barack Obama, the Montreal ice storm of 1998, the trial of Paul Bernardo and the American occupation of Iraq. In 2008 he was embedded for two months with Canadian troops in Afghanistan. His report "The Fundamental Day", which brought attention to the conservative religious views of Canadian Alliance leader Stockwell Day, was noted as a turning point in the 2000 Canadian federal election.
Hunter is married to Canadian journalist Joy Malbon, Washington bureau chief for CTV News. The CBC has assigned him to Washington as part of the 2009 changing of the guard in their Ottawa bureau.

</doc>
<doc id="20320460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320460" title="Black Dynamite">
Black Dynamite

Black Dynamite is a 2009 American blaxploitation spoof action/comedy/thriller film starring Michael Jai White, Salli Richardson, Arsenio Hall, Kevin Chapman and Tommy Davidson. The film was directed by Scott Sanders and co-written by White, Sanders and Byron Minns, who also co-stars.
The plot centers on former CIA agent Black Dynamite, who must avenge his brother's death while cleaning the streets of a new drug that is ravaging the community. The film had a trailer and funding even before a script was written. "Black Dynamite" was shot in 20 days in Super 16 format. The film was released in the United States on 16 October 2009 for only two weeks and was well received by critics. It was released on home video on February 16, 2010.
Plot.
In the 1970s, Black Dynamite, a Vietnam War veteran and former CIA officer, vows to clean up the streets of drug dealers and gangsters after his younger brother Jimmy is killed by a shady organization. O'Leary, Black Dynamite's former army and CIA partner, reinstates him into the agency because they do not want him seeking vengeance by himself. While trying to get to the bottom of Jimmy's murder, he finds out that his brother was actually working undercover for the CIA. Black Dynamite also discovers the shady organization is filling the black orphanages with heroin. He declares war on local drug dealers and successfully cleans up the streets, earning him the affection of Gloria, a black power activist who works at the local orphanage.
After discovering the government's involvement in the drug ring, Black Dynamite steals the ledger belonging to corrupt Congressman James which details illegal shipments to a warehouse. Black Dynamite and his team (consisting of Bullhorn, Cream Corn, Saheed, and two militants) storm the warehouse to capture a big shipment. They learn of a top secret operation called "Code Kansas", but there are no drugs in the warehouse; only "Anaconda" brand malt liquor, a government-produced brand that, according to the advertising slogan, "Gives You Ooooooo!". In a diner, they decipher the slogan and uncover "Code Kansas" as a plan to literally emasculate African-American men through Anaconda Malt Liquor, which is formulated to "give (you) a little dick". Returning to the warehouse, Black Dynamite finds O'Leary is part of the evil plan, but is just following orders. He kills O'Leary before acquiring his next lead to find the source of the "Code Kansas" plan.
Black Dynamite heads to Kung Fu Island, where he discovers that his old nemesis, Fiendish Dr. Wu, is responsible for creating the secret formula found in Anaconda Malt Liquor. In a protracted battle which kills Saheed, the two militants, and Bullhorn, Black Dynamite discovers the true identity of the mastermind of the entire operation - the White House.
Black Dynamite then travels to the White House (in the process, Cream Corn is killed by the secret service) and confronts President Richard Nixon, who has been giving the orders from the beginning. When Black Dynamite defeats Nixon in a kung-fu battle and threatens to expose Nixon as the subject of a series of bondage and cross dressing photographs, the president begs to be killed but Black Dynamite refuses and has Nixon watch out for his people. The film concludes with a monologue from Black Dynamite on his quest for justice as Gloria and Pat Nixon watch on rapturously.
Production.
White originally thought of the idea for "Black Dynamite" around April 2006, while listening to James Brown's "Super Bad". White had also held blaxploitation movie parties where he picked up the "funny inconsistencies" in the films. White rented costumes, photographed himself and showed it to Sanders who was attracted to the idea. The same blue costume on White's photograph was used in the final scene of the film.
The original trailer was recorded even before the film went into production in order to raise money. It incorporated scenes from old blaxploitation movies with old voice overs from Adolph Caesar. The trailer was shot on Super 8 mm film for around $500 and contained numerous cultural references that placed the film in the 1970s, such as referring to the star of the film as a Baltimore Colts running back (the Colts moved to Indianapolis in 1984) and marveling at Black Dynamite's "five thousand dollar car" and "hundred dollar suit". White and Sanders showed it to Jon Steingart, who told them "Oh my God. Okay, we can raise the money for this."
Once financing was secured, writing the script took about three weeks. During the writing process, Minns's almost "encyclopedic knowledge" of blaxploitation helped them produce the script more quickly.
Filming.
Cinematographer Shawn Maurer shot "Black Dynamite" on Super 16 Color Reversal Kodak film stock to get the high contrast and saturated look common in many low-budget Blaxploitation films of the 1970s. The film was then converted to digital for editing. The filmmakers supplemented their shoot with period stock footage from Sony Pictures Stock Footage, using films such as "Missing in Action", "Charlie's Angels", and "Police Woman". "Black Dynamite" was shot in the Leimert Park and Angeles Vista sections of Los Angeles over twenty days, with several green-screen days and one reshoot day. The film had such a low budget that they had to "think in the same ways that they had to think" in the classic blaxploitation movies. Sanders and White had a difficult time keeping the modern world out of the movie. Sanders was worried about anything modern that could destroy "the whole illusion." White worked individually with actors to keep their tone correct.
As an homage to the low production values and "one take only" style of blaxploitation films, many filming errors were done on purpose. For example, in one scene where Black Dynamite stands up from his desk, a red boom microphone appears above his head (which was common in Rudy Ray Moore films, such as "Dolemite"). Some of the actors recite their stage directions before their intended dialogue (In one scene, an actor verbalizes the stage direction "the militants turn startled" and continues on saying the scripted dialogue "How did you get in here?")... When some gangsters pull up to a store, the driver forgets to put the car into park and the car lurches forward; this was a legitimate mistake on the part of the actor that was left in the final film.
During casting, White sent Arsenio Hall the script, and "when he read that there's a Captain Kangaroo pimp in this thing," he accepted the role.
Score.
Adrian Younge plays all instruments and wrote the lyrics to every song on the soundtrack except "Shine," "Cleaning Up The Streets," and "Gloria." His influences on the score were Curtis Mayfield, Isaac Hayes, Ennio Morricone and Wu-Tang Clan. Morricone greatly influenced Younge from the classical European funk music, while Wu-Tang Clan helped him focus on making music they would want to sample. Sanders gave Younge almost complete leeway, but he still had to work hard to impress others working on the film. To record the score, Younge used vintage tape recording equipment and then sent it to be digitally transferred.
The film's theme song is "Dynomite" by Sir Charles Hughes; its chorus plays nearly every time Black Dynamite appears or whenever a punch line is delivered. It also features many pieces of background music, composed by Alan Tew, from the 1975 Yorkshire TV series "The Hanged Man."
Release.
"Black Dynamite" premiered at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival, where Sony Worldwide Acquisitions picked it up for distribution for "nearly $2 million." On June 14, the film went on to win the Golden Space Needle Audience Award for Best Film at the Seattle International Film Festival, beating "The Hurt Locker" among other films. On August 25, 2009, it was announced that Apparition, a new distributor headed by Bill Pohlad and Bob Berney, would handle the film's domestic release.
The general release version differs from the original Sundance cut, wherein six minutes of dialogue scenes and fight sequences were trimmed.
Marketing.
A viral campaign was launched on the web prior to the film's general release, spearheaded by a mock nonprofit organization called "Fight Smack in the Orphanage" (FSITO). The organization's website features PSA clips starring Black Dynamite and other cast members of the film.
Box office.
"Black Dynamite" had a limited release to only 70 theaters and a run time of two weeks. The film grossed $131,862 in its opening weekend, and its two-week total was $242,578. This placed it at number 264 for all films released in 2009.
Critical reception.
"Black Dynamite" received positive reviews and now holds an 85% 'Fresh' rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 44 reviews. One reviewer writes, "A loving and meticulous send-up of 1970s blaxploitation movies, "Black Dynamite" is funny enough for the frat house and clever enough for film buffs." On Metacritic "Black Dynamite" has a 65/100 falling in the generally favorable reviews category.
Owen Gleiberman wrote in "Entertainment Weekly", ""Black Dynamite" blends satire, nostalgia, and cinema deconstruction into a one-of-a-kind comedy high", noting Sanders captured the language and feel of blaxploitation. Roger Ebert awarded the film three stars out of four, and said, ""Black Dynamite" gets it mostly right, and when it's wrong, it's wrong on purpose and knows just what it's doing." He added that the film meticulously reproduces 1970s blaxploitation and brings back much-needed gratuitous nudity.
A. O. Scott of "The New York Times" considered "Black Dynamite" would be a better "five-minute clip on YouTube" than a feature film. Scott wrote, "A boom mike drifts down into the frame; an actor recites stage directions along with his lines. The camera zooms, pans and shifts focus as if it were being wielded by an optometrist on a cocaine binge. The acting is stiff, the dialogue painfully self-conscious, the action sequences choreographed and edited to look as cartoonish as possible. All of which is fun, for a while, in an academic kind of way." James Greenberg writing for "The Hollywood Reporter" believed the film would not hold audience's attention because among all the detail there was no real story.
Home media.
"Black Dynamite" was released on February 16, 2010 on DVD and Blu-ray. Both releases contain deleted scenes, a "making-of" featurette and a Comic-Con Q&A panel. The Blu-ray has an extra featurette and trivia track.
Continuations.
Comics.
"Black Dynamite: Slave Island" was released on April 4, 2011 by Ape Entertainment, in partnership with Ars Nova. The novel was written by Brian Ash and penciled by Jun Lofamia. In December, 2013, a mini-series is launched by IDW Publishing, written by Brian Ash, penciled by Ron Wimberly and inks by Sal Buscema.
Animated series.
An animated spin-off of the film was produced for Cartoon Network 's late night programming block, Adult Swim, with animation production by the same team behind "The Boondocks". The 11-minute series pilot, written by Carl Jones & Brian Ash, was produced at Titmouse, Inc. It features the voices of the film's original cast members including Michael Jai White, Byron Minns, Kym Whitley and Tommy Davidson. The pilot episode was released on Adult Swim Video on August 8, 2011; and the full series premiered on July 15, 2012 on Adult Swim at 11:30PM.
Online parody series.
In 2013, Chris Hardwick's Nerdist News released a series of short videos titled "Black Dynamite Teaches a Hard Way!" on their YouTube channel. The video series is a parody of Japanese variety show sketches, featuring a Black Dynamite mannequin teaching the value of respect among other things to former WWE wrestlers, MMA fighters and "American Gladiators" athletes. Special guests include Roddy Piper, Chavo Guerrero, Jr., Chris Masters, Daniel Puder, John Hennigan, Tank Abbott, Josh Barnett, and Kimo Leopoldo.
Sequel.
Director Scott Sanders said that he and White had ideas for a sequel if the film did well. Star Michael Jai White hinted that a sequel was being written during an interview on G4's "Attack of the Show". White stated in an April 2012 interview that he hopes filming will begin at the end of the year. According to Michael Jai White, a decision has almost been reached on the direction of the sequel being a Western Comedy, in the same vein as "Blazing Saddles" meets "Buck and the Preacher".
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="20320476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320476" title="Uncial 0225">
Uncial 0225

Uncial 0225 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. The manuscript paleographically had been assigned to the 6th century. It contains a small parts of the Second Epistle to the Corinthians (5:1-2,8-9,14-16,19-6:1,3-5; 8:16-24), on 3 parchment leaves (25 cm by 18 cm). Written in two columns per page, 21-27 lines per page. It is a palimpsests. Some leaves were added (without erasing text). The upper text is in Pehlevi.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
The manuscript was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by Kurt Aland in 1953.
The codex currently is housed at the Austrian National Library, in Vienna, with the shelf number Pap. G. 19802. 

</doc>
<doc id="20320514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320514" title="Paul Hunter (disambiguation)">
Paul Hunter (disambiguation)

Paul Hunter (1978–2006) was an English snooker player.
Paul Hunter may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20320520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320520" title="Swadeshabhimani Ramakrishna Pillai">
Swadeshabhimani Ramakrishna Pillai

Swadeshabhimani K. Ramakrishna Pillai (1878–1916) was a writer, journalist, newspaper editor, and political activist in the erstwhile princely state of Travancore (Kerala, India). He was the editor of the newspaper "Swadeshabhimani" (The Patriot) and hence known by the name. The criticisms against the Diwan of Travancore, P. Rajagopalachari, the Government and the Maharajah of Travancore that appeared in his newspaper irritated the authorities and eventually resulted in the confiscation of the newspaper and press and he was arrested and exiled from Travancore in 1910. He wrote Vrithantha Pathra Pravarthanam (1912), the first book on journalism in the Malayalam language. He also wrote the biography of Karl Marx (1912) in Malayalam, which was the first Marx biography in any Indian language.
Early life.
K.Ramakrishna Pillai was born on 25 May 1878 (ME :1053 Edavam 16) as the youngest son of Narasimhan Potti and Chakkiamma at Neyyattinkara, Travancore state. Bharmashree Narasimhan Potti was a poojari in a temple.
Ramakrishna Pillai was born in a Nair family named "Thekkekod veedu" in Athiyanoor, Arangamugal ( present), in Neyyattinkara Taluk of the princely state of Travancore. "Mall karanavar", a patriarch of this family saved Prince Marthanda Varma, who later became Maharaja of Travancore, from the latter enemies. In gratitude, Marthanda Varma gifted the family with land, 12-room mansion and certain privileges in the Krishna temple in Neyyattinkara. Ramakrishna was born in this family over a century later.
In the matrilineal Nair society, Ramakrishna Pillai as a young boy lived with his maternal uncle, Advocate Keshava Pillai. Kattupana Naganathaiyer was his first teacher in the Malayalam school.In 1887 January, he joined the Neyyattinkara English medium school, where K. VeluPilla (Headmaster) and R. Keshavapilla (Asst. Headmaster) were his teachers. Since third form was the highest class in the Neyyattinkara school, he joined "Rajagiyamahapadashala "(Royal school), Thiruvananthapuram in 1892. Ramakrishna used his newly received freedom at Thiruvananthapuram to read new books and newspapers, visit new places and gaining new friends.He was a shy and silent student at school. He passed his matriculation exam at the age of 14.
Journalism.
Ramakrishna was bitten by the newspaper obsession while studying for F.A. He used to read almost every newspaper published from Travancore, Malabar and Kochi states. He started writing articles in those days, during which he gained friendship and guidance of many literary legands and editors of that period like Kerala Varma Valiya Koil Thampuran, A R Rajaraja Varma, Ulloor S. Parameswara Iyer, Pettayil Raman Pillai Asshan, Oduvil Kunji Krishna Menon, Kandathil Varghese Mappillai etc. Due to his passion and activities on newspapers, he couldn't concentrate on his studies during that period and earned the wrath of his uncle and family. He passed in the F.A. exam in 1898. He was supposed to join for BSc degree from Madras initially, but on the directives of his uncle, he joined for BA degree course at University College, Trivandrum.
During that time, Ramakrishna and other newspaper enthusiasts felt the need of a Malayalam newspaper from Travancore. Two newspapers "Kerala Darpanum" and "Vanjivibhujhika" were started in 1900. His friends and well wishers persuaded him to take up the editorship of "Kerala Darpanum" newspaper. Due to immense resistance from his uncle Keshava Pillai, Ramakrishna had to leave his house to take up this job. Those days, he struggled to manage his B.A. degree studies, his survival and the editorship of the newspaper. He passed the B.A. (Malayalam ) degree with first rank and also receiving "Keralvarmamudhra" honorary award for the excellence.
He wrote strongly against the age-old malpractices and ill customs of those days. He believed more in action than the words. He challenged the society by marrying a lower caste woman from the Nair community. He married Srimati "Nanikutti Amma ", "Thoopuveetil", Palkulangara, Thiruvananthapuram in 1901. "Shri Prameshvaran Pillai", also a relative of Nanikutti Amma was the owner of "Kerala Darappanum" newspaper.Later,the swindle of Prameshvaran Pillai led to court cases between them.
In 1901, "Kerala Darappanum" and "Vanjivibhujhika" merged to form "Keralapanjhika" under the ownership of Shri. Marthanada Thampi. Ramakrishna continued to be editor of that newspaper from 1901 to 1903. During this time, he travelled around the state of Travancore to know its people and their problems. In February 1903, he resigned his position from "Keralapangika" newspaper. He continued to write articles in "Nasranideepika" and "Malayali" newspapers. In 1904 he settled with his family at Kollam to work as the editor of "Malayali" newspaper. During this time, he wrote editorials on the rights and duties of the people of Travancore. He spoke in conferences, mainly in Cherthala and Paravur Taluks those days, against the malpractices and wrong customs during this period, .
In 1904, his wife Nanikutti Amma died. Later he remarried "B. Kalyani Amma". It was through many literary discussions and letters, Kalyani Amma and Ramakrishna Pillai become closer to each other and later they decided to enter into wedlock.
Swadeshabhimani.
Abdul Khader Moulavi, popularly known as "Vakkom Moulavi", was the owner of the journal newspaper named "Swadeshabhimani". C P Govinda Pillai was the editor of Swadeshabhimani before RamaKrishna Pillai took over as the editor in January 1906. Ramakrishna Pillai and his family had to shift to Vakkom in Chirayinkil Taluk where the newspaper office and the priniting press were located. The newspaper office was moved to Thiruvanthapuram only in July 1907 and the family moved to Thiruvanthapuram . Though Vakkom Moulavi was still the proprietor, Ramakrishna had been given total freedom in the running of the newspaper by Moulavi. They never had any legal or financial contracts between them. Still, Moulavi provided all the financial aid to set up the press also in Thiruvananthapuram.
Ramakrisha also started a woman's magazine called "Sharadha", a student's magazine " Vidhyarthi" and another magazine named "Keralan".
P. Rajagopalachari, the Diwan of Travancore, was the centre of his attacks through the newspaper.The newspaper accused the Dewan of gross immorality and that the corruption had riddled the government of Travancore. But "the most serious thing against the Swadeshabhimani," wrote the Dewan, "has always been the remarkable persistency with which it preached the gospel of government by the people, and the exhortation which it held out to the people of Travancore to unite and demand self-government." He also attacked the kingship of Maharaja of Travancore as
Swadeshabhimani's pen moved against corruption of the state and injustice in the society. Soon he irritated the Maharajah Moolam Thirunal himself by criticising the large expenses incurred by the Royal consort, the Panapillai Amma, through the construction of private palaces and public celebration of the wedding of the Maharajahs daughter and so on.
On 26 September 1910, "Swadeshabhimani" newspaper and the printing press was sealed and confisicated by the British Police and Ramakrishna Pillai was arrested and banished from Travancore to Thirunelveli in Madras Province of British Raj.The arrest was undertaken by Superintendent of Police, F S S George ( British), Inspector R Achuthen Pillai, Inspector B Govinda Pillai and Inspector Pichu Aiyangar. He was arrested even without furnishing an arrest warrant. The police escorted him till Thirunelveli. The Kingdom of Travancore itself was a princely state under the Madras Presidency. His family joined him later and he moved to a rented house in Madras. He was offered the editorship in several newspapers in Kochi and Malabar but he chose to stay in Madras.
Many of the Indian newspapers, during that time, reacted strongly against the arrest and banishment of Ramakrishna Pillai and the confiscation of the newspaper.
After Independence of India, the Government of Kerala returned the press to Moulavi' s family in 1957.
Last years.
Ramakrishna Pillai joined for F.L. Degree and Kaliyaniamma joined BA Philosophy in 1911. During this period, he wrote his book "Ende Naadukadathal" (ISBN 81-264-1222-4 ) on his banishment from Travancore. After the exams, the family moved to Palghat on a three-month vacation. They had to return to Madras, in August 1911, to continue his studies and also court cases against "Indian Patriot". In 1911, Ramakrishna passed B.L. degree and Kalyaniamma in B.A. Philosophy. In April, they left Madras again. Their third child, a daughter, was born on 7 August 1912.
In 1912, he published "Vrithantha Pathra Pravarthanam", the famous book on Journalism and his biography books on Karl Marx and Benjamin Franklin. In 1913, he contributed to "Aathmapokshini" and other magazines. In May 1913, they returned to Palghat, after which he published his books named "Mannante Kannathum " and "Narakathil ninnu". His phyisical health began to deteriorate during this period. When his wife Kaliyaniamma joined as a teacher in a school in Kannur, the family moved to this place.
On 28 March 1916, Ramakrishna Pillai died of ailing health.
Literary works.
Ramakrishna Pillai wrote over 20 books in his lifetime and many of them are very notable.
dramas:prathima,kamandalu(ekanka natakam),thookumuriyil,thapthabashoam.
stories:aa deenarodhanam
B. Kalyani Amma.
B. Kalyani Amma was the second wife of Ramakrishna Pillai. She was born on 11 Kumbhom 1059 (ME) (1883 AD). She was a notable litterateur also Her important works includes " Vyazhavatta Smaranakal", "Karmaphalam", "Mahathikal" and "Atmakatha". Her biography " Vyazhavatta Smaranakal " ( Memories of 12 years) is about the 12 years of their married life. She also translated a novel written by Rabindranath Tagore. She died on 9 October 1959 (28 Kanni 1135).
Swadeshabhimani Smaraka Samithi.
Swadesha abhimani Smaraka Samidhi is the trust formed in the memory of Ramakrishna Pillai. The Samidhi observes anniversaries of the banishment of Swadeshabhimani Ramakrishna Pillai every year, which is attended by several eminent personalities.
Swadeshabhimani Ramakrishna Pillai Award.
"Swadeshabhimani Ramakrishna Pillai Award" is awarded for press journalism every year by the Government of Kerala. The following are its recipients.
The "Pravasi Swadeshabhimani Ramakrishna Pillai Award" has been instituted in memory of Swadeshabhimani Sri. Ramakrishna Pillai, by The Pravasi Malayali Society.
Swadeshabhimani memorial.
Memorials of Swadeshabhimani Ramakrishna Pillai are constructured at Neyyattinkara and at Payyambalam Beach, Kannur.

</doc>
<doc id="20320580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320580" title="San Patricio Church massacre">
San Patricio Church massacre

The San Patricio Church massacre was the murder of three priests and two seminarians of the Pallottine order on July 4, 1976, during the Dirty War, at St. Patrick’s Church, located in the Belgrano neighborhood in the City of Buenos Aires, Argentina.
The victims were priests Alfredo Leaden, Alfredo Kelly, and Pedro Duffau and seminarians Salvador Barbeito and Emilio Barletti.
The crime.
At approximately 1:00 a.m. on , three youths, Luis Pinasco, Guillermo Silva, and Julio Víctor Martínez, watched as two cars parked in front of the church of San Patricio.
As Martínez was the son of a soldier and thought it might be an attempt on his father, he went to Police Station No. 37 to make a complaint.
Minutes later a police car arrived on the scene and officer Miguel Ángel Romano spoke with people who were suspects in the case.
At 2 o'clock in the morning Silva and Pinasco saw a group of people with rifles get out of the cars and enter the church.
The next morning, at the time of the first Mass, a group of worshippers waiting in front of the church found the door closed.
Surprised by the situation, the young Fernando Savino, organist of the parish decided to enter through a window and found on the first floor the bodies of the five religious riddled with bullets, and lined up face down in a huge puddle of blood on a red carpet.
The murderers had written with chalk on a door:
They also wrote on a carpet:
The initials “M.S.T.M.” stand for (the Movement of Priests for the Third World), while the first sentence about “Federal Security” refers to the bomb attack the Montoneros (whose motto was "“Venceremos”" ) had set off two days before in the dining room of the Argentine Federal Police headquarters, killing 20 people.
On the body of Salvador Barbeito the murderers put a drawing by Quino, taken from one of the rooms, in which Mafalda appears pointing to a police officer’s club saying: (“This is the stick to dent ideologies”).
The next day, the newspaper "La Nación" published a story about the slaughter which included the text of a communiqué from Area Command I of the Army that read:
Testimony before the CONADEP Commission in 1984 indicated that the San Patricio Church murders were carried by the military on the orders of Rear Admiral Ruben Chamorro, head of ESMA.
Cause for beatification.
The superior general of the Pallottine fathers in Argentina, Bishop Seamus Freeman sought out his fellow Jesuit superior general Fr. Jorge Bergogolio for assistance. He met with Bergoglio a second time in Rome to follow up.
With the support of Pope Francis (the former Jorge Mario Bergoglio, SJ) the cause for their beatification has begun.
External links.
In English:
In Spanish:

</doc>
<doc id="20320587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320587" title="Westwood High School (Michigan)">
Westwood High School (Michigan)

Westwood High School is a four-year educational institute located in Ishpeming Township, Michigan, USA. Founded in 1974, it is managed by the N.I.C.E. Community Schools school district. The school educates around 360 students in grades 9–12. It is a magnet school.
Westwood High School offers its students several courses, extracurricular activities, and athletics in which to engage. The school offers courses in Art and Design, Business, Foreign Languages (Spanish), Physical Education, Health, Industrial Technology, Mathematics, Language Arts, Science, and Social Studies. Outside of courses Westwood High School offers several extracurricular activities including Key Club, Business Professionals of America Drama, Yearbook, Forensics, High School Bowl, National Honor Society, and Student Council.
The Westwood Patriots (the athletic teams for the high school) also offer several programs to students. Students have the opportunity to join basketball, cheer leading, track, cross-country, football, volleyball, dance, golf, gymnastics, hockey, swimming, and volleyball.
Westwood High School is the only school in the Upper Peninsula area to have an unofficial parody website. The Westwood Wiki has been parodying teachers and students at Westwood High School since 2004. Although the website's disclaimer assures any likeness between portrayed figures and real life people is coincidental, there is an obvious link between its content and Westwood High School.
Accreditation, evaluation status and student achievement.
Westwood High School is accredited by the North Central Association, which has given the school an “Outcomes Endorsement” as of 2002, signifying that the school has documented higher student achievement and remains committed to continuous improvement. Accreditation of high schools in the United States is a voluntary process, which initially takes five years. Westwood High School has been accredited each year since 1975.
Since 2004, when the No Child Left Behind act required schools to be evaluated for "annual yearly progress", Westwood High School has received a rating of "met" requirements, and currently holds a Michigan State report card grade of "B".
100% of the teachers and staff at Westwood High School meet the NCLB standards for "highly qualified" educators.
65% of Westwood High School graduating seniors receive academic, merit, or athletic college scholarships and or grants. Nine times in the last eleven years the school has had a senior win the Triple A Presidential Scholarship and a Leadership Scholarship from Northern Michigan University. Each year, two or three students have received full college scholarships.
Westwood High School has two specialized programs for senior students who are at risk of not meeting requirements to complete their graduation. The first such program is the "NICE Community Schools Program", which provides opportunities for students to earn required missing credits through additional academic courses of study. The second program is the "Marquette County Youth Home", a residency program by referral of the courts.
The above programs support the school district's goal of 90% graduation rate for high school students. Westwood High School's graduation rate since 2004 has been 98.9%.

</doc>
<doc id="20320591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320591" title="Rich in Love">
Rich in Love

Rich in Love is a 1993 drama film based on the 1987 novel with the same name by Josephine Humphreys. The film stars Albert Finney, Kathryn Erbe, Kyle MacLachlan, Jill Clayburgh, Suzy Amis, and Ethan Hawke.
Plot.
The Odom family lives in a large, white, Southern house in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina, just off Pitt Street, looking out onto Charleston Harbor. Lucille Odom (Erbe) is nearing the end of her last year of high school when her mother, Helen Odom (Clayburgh), leaves the family, breaking all ties. Lucille is left to care for her recently retired father, Warren Odom (Finney). The family then spends the summer trying to get their lives together, which is complicated when the older daughter of the family, Rae (Amis), moves back home with a new husband (MacLachlan) and a new baby on the way, about which Rae has mixed feelings. While reminiscing about their mother Rae tells Lucille that their mother tried to abort Lucille when she was pregnant. Warren notices his daughters in a new and different way now that his wife is gone and he is no longer working. Everything changes for Lucille as she comes-of-age and learns about her family in new ways.
Production.
The film was set and produced in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina. With some additional footage shot across the Cooper River in Charleston.
Reception.
The film received mostly positive reviews. One drawback, however, was that many did not find the story believable, as the family's problems and happy ending were something of a fantasy. For example, Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times", giving the film three stars out of four, wrote "I must confess I didn't much believe the story".
Home media.
The film was released on DVD via Amazon’s On-Demand service on December 15, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20320625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320625" title="List of Popotan soundtracks">
List of Popotan soundtracks

Popotan is a Japanese visual novel by Petit Ferret originally released in 2002 that was adapted into an anime by Shaft and a radio drama broadcast on Osaka Radio. Three soundtracks based on the visual novel have been released. The first is a maxi single titled "Popotan", published by Petite Ferret. It was a limited print run released with the visual novel. The single contains vocal and instrumental songs of the opening theme, "Popotan"; the closing theme "Answer"; and "Magical Girl Mii"'s theme, "Magical Girl Mii's Pong". All three songs were sung by Under17. The vocals were later re-released as part of their "Best" complications. The songs "Answer" and "Popotan" were also sung during their live tour. A limited promotional DVD for the anime was accompanied by a CD containing the unabridged songs by Under17 from the visual novel, and the song "Poporaji", which was later used for a radio drama by the same name. The last visual novel soundtrack was released with the Popotan's fan disc, "Popotan Fan Disc together with A·SO·BO", and contains tracks for the background music.
Three soundtracks based on the anime have been released. "PopoTime", an anime soundtrack, was released with music by Osamu Tezuka containing a TV cuts of the opening and closing themes by Under17 and Funta, respectively. An extended play (EP) entitled "Popotan e.p." was released jointly by Under17 and Funta. It contains the unabridged opening and closings of the anime as well as a new jointly produced theme song, "Gemstone" by both bands. An image CD, "It's a PopoTime!" was later released and contains character songs performed by the voice actors for the series' three sisters: Ai; Mai; and Mii. The opening theme song for "Poporaji" is also placed on the CD. The opening theme was re-released as part of Under17's "Best" complications and performed during their live tour. "Poporaji" was later released separately on two CDs. The opening theme song "Popotan Kiss" was later re-released as part of Under17's second "Best" complication and performed during their live tour.
Soundtracks.
Visual novel.
Popotan maxi single.
" is, as per its title, a maxi single. It was released in a limited print run of 2000 copies by Petit Ferret for the initial release of the "Popotan" visual novel. The CD contains six tracks of the themes featured in the visual novel. The first three tracks are the vocals and the second three the instrumental versions< used as background music in the game.
Anime.
"Popotan e.p.".
On August 8, 2003, Under17 and Funta released a joint album that includes the opening, closing, and album-exclusive theme songs for the anime "Popotan": the opening theme; performed by Umder17; the closing theme, "Suki", by Funta; and a collaborative theme song, "Gem Stone". It was released by Lantis as an extended play entitled , which appeared three times on the Oricon albums charts and peaked at number 68. The CD contains a vocal and instrumental track for all three theme songs.
"Popo Music".
On November 27, 2003, the original anime soundtrack "Popo Music" was published by Lantis. The soundtrack contains 30 songs, most of which were composed Osamu Tezuka. The first and last tracks are the TV cuts of the opening and closing themes by Under17 and Funta, respectively.
Radio drama.
"It's a Popo Time".
"It's a Popo Time" was released November 6, 2003, by Lantis, and peaked at number 296 on the Oricon albums chart. The CD contains five songs, one for each of the three sisters. In addition, the CD also contains the opening and closing theme songs for the live radio broadcast "Poporaji", which is based on the anime.
"Poporaji".
The first CD, , was released on September 26, 2003 by Lantis. The CD contains 27 tracks that are a mix of vocals and songs by Masumi Asano, Momoi Haruko & Sayaka Ohara with a guest appearance Mai Kadowaki as Mea.
The second CD, , was released on February 25, 2004 by Lantis. The second CD contains 16 tracks, several of which repeat the names from the first disc, but are not repeat tracks. The disc also continues the story from the first disc. The second CD contains the voice actors from the original and includes Kadowaki as a main cast member.
Legacy.
Under17 later re-released their songs from the visual novel, anime, and "Popotan Kiss" from "Poporaji" in their "Best" albums. "Popotan", "Answer", and "Magical Mii's Pong" are all released on , which appeared twice on the Oricon charts, peaking at number 93. "Catching the Popotan Field" and "Popotan Kiss" from the anime and radio drama respectively have been released in the second volume, , and appeared twice on the Oricon charts, peaking at number 50. "Popotan", "Answer" and "Popotan Kiss" were also re-released in Under17's final "Best" album, , which ranked three times on the Oricon charts, peaking at number 58.
"Popotan", "Catching the Popotan Field" and "Popotan Kiss" were later sung during Under17's live world tour, which was later released on CD, .

</doc>
<doc id="20320656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320656" title="Love Child (Sweet Sensation album)">
Love Child (Sweet Sensation album)

Love Child was the second album released by the New York-based Latin freestyle trio Sweet Sensation. Released April 1990, this was the follow-up to its platinum-selling 1988 debut album, "Take It While It's Hot". This album basically contained the same up-tempo feel as its first album, but this time, the group decided to throw in a few lavish R&B-styled ballads.
The album's title song was a cover version of a #1 R&B/#1 Pop smash by the Supremes. Sweet Sensation's version went to #15 on Billboard's dance chart and #13 on Billboard's pop chart. However, it was the album's second single that gave the group its biggest hit ever, “If Wishes Came True,” which was a lavishly orchestrated ballad, featuring a classical-guitar intro, a soaring electric guitar solo, and heartfelt vocals by Betty Lebron. The song spent one week at #1 on Billboard's pop chart in September 1990, while going top-ten on Billboard's R&B and Adult Contemporary charts. The album also spawned two more hit singles: "Each And Every Time" (#51), and "One Good Man" (#72), and it peaked at #78 on the "Billboard" 200 albums chart. It was certified platinum by the RIAA during the spring of 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20320673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320673" title="Ri-verbs">
Ri-verbs

Ri-sagnir (Icelandic: "ri-verbs") are four verbs in the Icelandic language which have the special status of being the only verbs in the language ending with "-ri" in the past tense, as well as being the only verbs in Icelandic which inflect with the mixed conjugation (is) except for the preterite-present verbs.
Overview.
The verbs are "gróa" ("to heal, to grow"), "núa" ("to rub, to wipe"), "róa" ("to row") and "snúa" ("to turn"). Another peculiar thing about the ri-verbs is that they are written with an "e" in the second principal part (first person singular past indicative mood), even though they are pronounced as being spelled with an "é"; according to the Icelandic Ministry of Education.
The principal parts of the ri-verbs are as following:
The Dictionary of the University of Iceland and the still mention "snéri" as another orthography of "sneri".
Origin.
Historically, "róa" and "snúa" belonged to the seventh class of strong verbs, which was the only class of verbs in Germanic that had retained the reduplication inherited from the Proto-Indo-European perfect aspect. In Old Norse, the verb "sá" ("to sow") also belonged to this group, but it has become weak in Icelandic. The past tense of these three verbs from Proto-Germanic was as follows:
Originally, all class 7 verbs showed this reduplication. In most verbs containing "-ē-" in the stem, this changed to "-ō-" through ablaut, which was common to all strong verbs. The change from "s-" to "z-" was a form of Grammatischer Wechsel and was due to Verner's law, since the reduplicating prefix was originally unaccented. In Old Norse, this "-z-" was rhotacized to "-r-", creating the following Old Norse forms:
The forms with "ø" were older and resulted from u-umlaut caused by word-final "-ō", which became "-u" in Old Norse before disappearing just as it did in feminine nouns. Following this, the verbs adopted the endings of weak verbs in the past tense, with "-a", "-ir", "-i" in the first, second and third person singular past, and later the original vowel "e" was restored. The verbs "gróa" and "gnúa" ("núa" in modern Icelandic) were adapted to the forms of "róa" and "snúa" by analogy, although they did not begin with "s-" or "r-" (their past tenses in Germanic were *"gegrō" and presumably *"gegnō").
In modern Icelandic, the first person singular ending was replaced by "-i" in all weak verbs, and the ri-verbs followed suit. The verb "sá" then eventually became weak, reducing the number of ri-verbs to the current four.

</doc>
<doc id="20320700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320700" title="Francisco Ferreira (Paraguayan footballer)">
Francisco Ferreira (Paraguayan footballer)

Francisco Flaminio Ferreira Romero (born 17 September 1970) is a former Paraguayan football striker.
Ferreira started his career in Club Sportivo Luqueño, where at a very young age became one of the team's most prolific strikers leading the Paraguayan League in goalscoring in 1993. His excellent form in 1993 caught the attention of Club Olimpia, who signed Ferreira for the 1994 season. He would then play for teams in Colombia, Chile, Peru, Bolivia and Ecuador, as well as returning to Paraguay to play for Sportivo Luqueño and Cerro Porteño. In 2000 he was the league's topscorer again, with 23 goals.
At the national team level, Ferreira was part of the Paraguay squad during the 1992 Olympic Games and was capped for a few other occasions until 2000.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20320708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320708" title="Raúl González (baseball)">
Raúl González (baseball)

Victor Raúl González (born December 27, 1973 in Santurce, Puerto Rico) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. He bats and throws right-handed.
Drafted by the Kansas City Royals in the 17th round of the 1990 Major League Baseball Draft, González made his major league debut for the Chicago Cubs on May 25, . In , he played for the New York Mets' Triple-A affiliate, the New Orleans Zephyrs where he batted .279 in 17 games before being released. He then signed with the independent Newark Bears of the Atlantic League. He hit .313 with Newark with 8 home runs and 35 RBI.
Following the arrest of Major League Baseball player, Miguel Cabrera, on February 15, 2010, González was chosen as Cabrera's "companion" in order to help the slugger abstain from alcohol and other such activities detrimental to his baseball career. González was reported by Fox Sports to be going to be with Cabrera "all year long" to ensure he stays on track.

</doc>
<doc id="20320744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320744" title="Crispus Attucks (disambiguation)">
Crispus Attucks (disambiguation)

Crispus Attucks (c. 1723–1770) was a mixed-race (of African and Native American descent) former slave from colonial Massachusetts, killed in the Boston Massacre in 1770.
Crispus Attucks may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20320782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320782" title="1999 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1999 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1999 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1999–2000. The Buckeyes compiled a 6–6 record, failing to go to a bowl game for the first time since the 1988 season, John Cooper's first year as head coach.

</doc>
<doc id="20320792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320792" title="Johnson Family">
Johnson Family

The Johnson Family is a concept popularized by William S. Burroughs and based on a similar concept found in Jack Black's book "You Can't Win".
In short, a “Johnson” or “a member of the Johnson family” is someone who is dependable, helpful, and not a snitch. The word serves as a sort of badge of respect, or a shorthand way of vouching for a person’s character (e.g. “it’s okay; he’s a Johnson.”)
Examples.
Burroughs, in "My Own Business" wrote that “a member of the Johnson family… wouldn't rush to the law if he smelled hop in the hall, doesn't care what fags in the back room are doing, stands by his word. Good man to do business with.”
In "The Place of Dead Roads", Burroughs wrote:
A Johnson honors his obligations. His word is good and he is a good man to do business with. A Johnson minds his own business. He is not a snoopy, self-righteous, trouble-making person. A Johnson will give help when help is needed. He will not stand by while someone is drowning or trapped under a burning car.
And in an introduction to a new edition of Black’s book, Burroughs wrote:
A Johnson pays his debts and keeps his word. He minds his own business, but will give help when help is needed and is asked for. He does not hold out on his confederates or cheat his landlady. He is what they call in show business “good people.”

</doc>
<doc id="20320864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320864" title="Maple Landmark Woodcraft">
Maple Landmark Woodcraft

History.
Mike Rainville first came to woodworking as a hobby in the 1970s while he was in school. Working out of his parent's basement with scraps from his grandfather's carpentry projects, he duplicated household items such as spool holders and cribbage boards. Before long, friends and neighbors were asking Mike to make things and by 1979, his first wholesale relationship started. Local craft fairs also provided income and experience.
After graduating from Clarkson University in 1984, Mike went to work constructing a new woodshop of ample size for his now full-time business, now known as Maple Landmark Woodcraft. The choice "Maple Landmark" as the name for the business was a natural extension of the name Mike's family used for their maple sugaring business and dairy farm, Maple Landmark Homestead.
In 1987, Mike acquired the Troll's Toy Workshop, formerly of Barnet, Vermont. This addition brought in many alphabet-themed products, including letter cars, blocks, and signage letters. The company quickly grew to warrant full-time employees.
The product line evolved over the coming years, adding items such as trivets, ornaments, and the first name trains. In 1993, after many requests from retailers, the NameTrain concept was spun off into a new line that was compatible with the many wooden track systems available. In 1994, NameTrains were introduced in various colors, and sales soared as a result.
Production of these new products had outgrown existing facilities by late 1994. It was decided to move the business to Middlebury in 1996. 
Laser engraving and pad printing was introduced to the production process. The ability to add graphic designs to products has been central to the product development ever since. All of these products and processes required the enlargement of the factory to in 1999.
In 2001, Montgomery Schoolhouse, another long established Vermont-based producer of wooden toys, joined the Maple Landmark family, and all operations were consolidated in Middlebury.
Currently Maple Landmark employs about 30 people and sells products to over 2200 gift shops and toy stores throughout the country and abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="20320867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320867" title="Locations in Veronica Mars">
Locations in Veronica Mars

"Veronica Mars" is an American television series created by Rob Thomas. The series premiered on September 22, 2004, during UPN's last two years, and ended on May 22, 2007, after a season on UPN's successor, The CW Television Network. Set in the fictional town of Neptune, the series starred Kristen Bell as the title character, a student who progressed from high school to college during the series while moonlighting as a private investigator under the wing of her detective father.
Neptune.
Neptune, California is the series' fictional setting, a US unincorporated town in Balboa County. The town is described as without a middle class, and the upper class is known as "09ers", wealthy citizens from the fictional 90909 ZIP code. The nearby towns, at some distance from the beaches, do not have the same extremes between rich and poor.
Geography.
Neptune is a coastal community located between San Diego and Los Angeles on the route of California's Pacific Coast Highway. Many locations in California are named after Vasco Núñez de Balboa, including the Balboa Peninsula section of Newport Beach in Orange County and San Diego's Balboa Park. In reality, State Route 1 does not run south of Orange County. In season 1, it is implied that Neptune is about 85 miles from San Diego, and since it is between San Diego and Los Angeles, the nearest real-life area Neptune could be located in is Santa Ana.
Series creator Rob Thomas stated in an interview that Neptune is located near San Juan Capistrano in Orange County. The series states that Neptune is within a day-trip distance to Tijuana, consistent with a location in Orange County. Southern Orange County calls State Route 1 the "PCH", uses the moniker "South Coast" for many organizations (such as the South Coast OB/GYN Society in "The Rapes of Graff", is a suburb of both Los Angeles and San Diego, is located close enough to Tijuana for day-trips, and has a considerable Latino population that works in the service industry. The North County area is home to a large number of technology firms, which are responsible for much of its affluence and which may have served as an inspiration for Kane Software.
Neptune scenes are generally filmed in San Diego County, and exteriors of all of the show's most notable locations are found there. For example, exteriors of the Mars residence are filmed in Point Loma, and exteriors of Mars Investigations are filmed on Adams Avenue in Normal Heights. Oceanside High School in Oceanside, CA doubles as the fictional Neptune High, and San Diego State University, University of California, San Diego and University of San Diego are portrayed as the fictional Hearst College.
The closest real zip codes to 90909 are 90899, which belongs to Long Beach, California, 91001 which belongs to Altadena, California, and 92009 which belongs to Carlsbad, California. 909xx series zip codes are an unassigned series in the greater Los Angeles zipspace.
Politics.
All aspects of Neptune, including its politics, are controlled by the "09ers". Neptune is the county seat of Balboa, containing the county's main Sheriff's Office (the only one seen) and the County Supervisor's Office. When the series begins, the sheriff is Don Lamb. Lamb is more concerned with the bureaucratic side of his job rather than proper and thorough police work. He gained his office in an emergency recall election, after the ousting of his former boss Keith Mars. Lamb has consistently displayed significant favoritism toward 09'ers, such as allowing Jake Kane to avoid having his daughter Lilly's car impounded for unpaid parking tickets.
A County Supervisor, informally referred to as the "Mayor" of Neptune, was seen during the season one episode "Silence of the Lamb," but his name was not given. At the start of season two, baseball team owner Woody Goodman ran for and won the position of County Supervisor, holding the position until fleeing Neptune after being accused of blowing up the school bus at the start of the season. Besides being eventually exposed as a pedophile child molester, Goodman was murdered by Cassidy "Beaver" Casablancas, the son of a wealthy "09er" family who had been sexually abused by Goodman when he was younger. As of the third season, no word has been given as to how Goodman's death would be handled in terms of naming a successor to the position of "County Supervisor".
The second season explored these political elements with plotlines involving an election for the offices of Sheriff and County Supervisor, with Keith Mars (supported by Goodman) trying to get his old job as sheriff back by running against Don Lamb. While Keith lost his bid to reclaim his old job, Goodman won his election. Afterwards, he showed his ambitious side by launching a campaign to incorporate Neptune, which would lead to the town having an official mayor and its own police department, with the municipal boundaries only including the "09er" sections of town. Those outside this incorporation area came under risk of lower property values and even further reduction in government response and effectiveness. The incorporation would also have gutted the powerbase of Sheriff Lamb, as the local Sheriff's office is located outside of the "09er" section of the town, effectively leaving Lamb on the outside looking in. This led to much speculation as to why Goodman aligned himself politically with Keith Mars, a plot point that was not explored during the season.
In the end, Goodman's incorporation scheme failed due to a blackmail scheme orchestrated by his former child molestation victim Cassidy Casablancas. With help from his stepmother Kendall Casablancas, Cassidy had purchased a great deal of property outside of the incorporation zone at bargain-basement prices (due to the depressed property values brought about due to incorporation talks) and sought to make a profit on them by killing incorporation, driving their prices back up to their original values. Threatening to go public regarding the child molestation charges, Cassidy forced Goodman to manufacture a sex scandal which implicated Keith Mars. Cassidy knew that Keith would fight Goodman to clear his name, and would ensure as a result that the public would think of Goodman as an adulterous politician. This 'backfiring' scandal would then cause Neptune residents to vote against Goodman and incorporation. Following the plan, incorporation lost at the ballot box—though Cassidy would not live to reap the rewards of his scheme for himself, as he committed suicide after Veronica revealed that Cassidy had murdered several of his classmates (along with several innocent bystanders) in order to keep said classmates from exposing Goodman as a pedophile child molester before Cassidy's blackmail/real estate scheme could be carried out.
Economy.
Neptune has a huge gap between the rich "09ers" and those who work for them either directly or through service industry businesses. In Veronica's words, if you live in Neptune, "either your parents are millionaires, or your parents work for millionaires". In the pilot episode and other season one episodes, it was implied that the Mars family existed on the fringes of the "09er" society and that most of their social standing came from Keith Mars's job as sheriff and Veronica's friendship with the children of software mogul Jake Kane.
The largest and most successful business in the community, Kane Software is run and operated by Jake Kane, father of Duncan Kane and Lilly Kane. The company holds the patent on streaming video over the Internet, and according to Veronica is responsible for the huge boom in the local economy. When the patent was approved, many people in the community became rich overnight. Other "09ers" (such as movie star Aaron Echolls and his family) choose to live in Neptune due to its warm climate and its beaches, thus contributing even more to its economy. A few residents have become rich through service businesses (such as the Casablancas family, through real estate) in the boom created by the other "09ers".
The Mars Residence.
The Mars' apartment building, as shown in the pilot episode, is The Inn at Sunset Cliffs on Point Loma, 1370 Sunset Cliffs Blvd. 92107. This area of Point Loma, CA has a reputation as a beautiful place to watch the sunset and waves crashing below, as well as being a favorite surfing spot.
Mars Investigations.
The exterior shot of the building where Veronica's dad's private investigation agency is housed is the Cabrillo Academy of the Sword along 3339 Adams Avenue 92116 in Normal Heights. For reference, the popular Lestat's Coffee House is next to where Mars Investigations would be.
Most of the scenes filmed inside the office of Mars Investigations are, of course, on a set at the Stu Segall lot.
Across the street and on the same block as Mars Investigations is the car wash often seen in Season One flashbacks with Lilly Kane. It is the Adams Avenue Car Wash on Adams Avenue.
Neptune High.
Neptune High is a high-school in the fictional seaside city of Neptune, California, attended by Veronica in the first two seasons. The school is divided into two groups, the "09ers" in one group, and everyone else in the other, including the PCH Bike Club. Neptune's main rival is Pan High, who are known to perform pranks on each other every year. The former principal, Alan Moorehead, was exposed to have had an affair with one of his students and have hid the baby that resulted from the affair in the girls' bathroom ("My Mother, the Fiend"). Moorehead was subsequently replaced by Principal Van Clemmons Mr. Rooks was also found to have had an affair with one of his students, Susan Knight ("Mars vs. Mars"). Ms. Hauser, the health teacher, was caught taking money from the Senior Trip ("Ain’t No Magic Mountain High Enough").
Neptune High also had a policy of "Pirate Points", where students who were involved in certain activities, like sports, student council, and cheerleading, were allowed extra privileges (like getting to have food delivered on-campus). Duncan Kane, upon becoming student council president, restructured the Pirates Points system to allow those in band, the school newspaper, school plays, on the honor roll, or those in vocational trades receive points as well ("Return of the Kane"). Neptune High was also home to a secret society called the Tritons. Those who were chosen to become Tritons had to go through various hazing rituals, such as streaking through the school, performing karaoke, or speaking entirely in pangrams ("Clash of the Tritons").
During the filming of the pilot, producer Paul Kurta said that much of the filming would take place in Oceanside, California. Kurta liked that it was "a seaside town that still feels like middle-class people live there ... Most of the seaside towns feel resort driven." The setting of Neptune High, which was featured in the first two seasons, was also located in Oceanside. The school, Oceanside High School, was paid $7,750 by Stu Segall Productions for the use of the campus and extras.
Neptune Grand.
The Neptune Grand is a luxury hotel, mainly catering to the upper class, as opposed to the cheaper Camelot Motel. Lianne Mars told Veronica that Jake Kane was innocent of his daughter's murder because he had been at the Neptune Grand with Lianne at the time of Lilly's death. During the second season, Duncan lived in a suite in the Grand ("Driver Ed"). After a fire in Logan Echolls' house, he moved in with Duncan ("Rat Saw God") and he kept the suite after Duncan ran away to Australia. Logan held the "alterna-prom" in his suite when Neptune High canceled the prom ("Look Who’s Stalking") and also held a graduation party there. Veronica and Beaver's confrontation on the roof of the hotel ended with Beaver jumping to his death ("Not Pictured"). The Neptune Grand is where Aaron Echolls (Logan Echolls' father) was murdered, and the location where Dean O'Dell's wife Mindy had been having an affair with Hank Landry, Veronica's criminology professor. Exterior shots of the Hilton San Diego, Gaslamp Quarter were used for the Neptune Grand in season two. Other shots of the Hyatt Regency were also used.
Hearst College.
"Hearst College" is a fictional Southern California college, attended by Veronica in the third season. The name was chosen in the series' second season when a prominent Californian name was needed, and there was already a Stanford University. Hearst is named after William Randolph Hearst, a newspaper magnate and leading newspaper publisher. Randolph Hearst's granddaughter Patty Hearst, was signed to play Selma Hearst Rose, the granddaughter of the founder of Hearst College. The character was an heiress of Hearst Mart, a chain similar to Wal-Mart. 
The setting of Hearst College was mostly filmed on the campuses of San Diego State University, University of San Diego, and the University of California, San Diego. Assistant Location Manager Steven Lee said that the filming locations were chosen by the director and by production designer Alfred Sole. Sole reportedly "really liked the look and feel of the school", and San Diego State University invited the series with "open arms". Taping at the university led to financial and employment benefits for the university and its students. Alumni worked as crewmembers while students worked as actors; half of the third season extras were students from the university's film department.
Hearst College is first mentioned in the second season, when one of Veronica's fellow jurors recommends its generous scholarships and grant programs. ("One Angry Veronica") Later on in the season, Veronica and Wallace go to a "Get to Know Hearst" weekend. During her visit, Veronica discovers that there is a serial date rapist who shaves the heads of his victims. She manages to exonerate her ex-boyfriend Troy, but is not able to figure out who the rapist is. ("The Rapes of Graff") The third season begins with Veronica, Logan, Wallace, Mac, Dick, Piz and Parker as freshmen at Hearst College. Veronica is studying criminology, and is still living at home. Weevil is the maintenance worker at Hearst, and he forms a friendship with Dean Cyrus O'Dell. At the beginning of the semester, Parker is raped by the Hearst serial rapist. ("Welcome Wagon") Feeling guilty for not helping her, Veronica sets herself to catching the rapist. ("My Big Fat Greek Rush Week") Veronica discovers the identity of the rapist, a fellow student, and Dean O'Dell is found dead. ("Spit & Eggs")
Hearst College is also mentioned in the TV Series "Moonlight", also starring Jason Dohring, the actor who portrayed Logan Echolls.
Cuba.
In the episode "A Trip to the Dentist" what is supposed to be a location in Cuba (the country) is actually the El Prado area of Balboa Park, where most of the museums are concentrated.
Strip clubs.
In a couple of early episodes, strip clubs are seen in stakeouts: the Body Shop and Les Girls, both located next to each other just off Rosecrans Blvd. in the Sports Arena/Midway district.
Dog Beach/Boardwalk.
Dog Beach in Ocean Beach appears to have been the location for most of the beach scenes in Veronica Mars. Some other beach scenes were also filmed at La Jolla Shores beach. Some of the Neptune Boardwalk scenes in the first two seasons were shot at Belmont Park in Mission Beach — the Giant Dipper Rollercoaster is the giveaway.
Other Sightings.
The video store in "Meet John Smith" is Kensington Video on Adams Ave. in Kensington. Scolari's Office in North Park is Fitzpatrick's Bar. Winston's bar in Ocean Beach was used in "Welcome Wagon". Other frequently used locales were Ocean Beach, Sunset Cliffs, La Jolla, Torrey Pines Golf Course, Oceanside and Normal Heights.

</doc>
<doc id="20320868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320868" title="Slavko Ištvanić">
Slavko Ištvanić

International career.
Ištvanić made three appearances for the full Croatia national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20320884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320884" title="$100,000 Fortune Hunt">
$100,000 Fortune Hunt

The $100,000 Fortune Hunt is an Illinois Lottery game show which debuted on September 16, 1989 and aired on Saturday evenings from 1989-1994 on WGN-TV in Chicago (except for 1 year in 1993 when it aired on WBBM-TV); it was also broadcast on WGN's national satellite feed. Jeff Coopwood hosted the first season, with the rest of the run being hosted by Mike Jackson. Linda Kollmeyer served as the hostess during the entire run with Bill Barber as the announcer.
Gameplay.
Potential contestants purchased a "$100,000 Fortune Hunt" scratch-off ticket from an Illinois Lottery retailer. To play the "$100,000 Fortune Hunt" players rub off the play area on the lottery instant ticket. If three matching prize amounts are revealed, the player wins the prize shown-such as a free ticket or up to $100. If three TV symbols appear, players can submit the ticket to the lottery for a preliminary drawing. This drawing will be held every week in Springfield.
At this first stage each week, six on-air contestants and 12 at-home viewers will be selected from the preliminary drawing of entry tickets and asked to participate in the "$100,000 Fortune Hunt". Only the first six contestants will appear on the TV show and have the opportunity to win the grand prize or other prizes. Two of the 12 at-home viewers are assigned to each of the six on-air contestants as partners.
While one of the six who appear on the game show will win the grand prize, his or her two home "partners" will win $500 each. Each of the remaining five on-air contestants will receive at least $1,000, and their partners will receive $100. During the TV show, the six contestants will face a game board with 36 numbered panels. Each panel will reveal a plus or minus dollar amount; players will try to accumulate the most money by randomly selecting panels. There will be special panels such as bankrupt, wipe out and double. The player who collects the highest prize amount at every round is declared the winner and receives the $100,000 grand prize.
At the end of each show, hostess Kollmeyer drew six tickets at random from a revolving drum. The players who purchased those tickets were selected as the contestants for the next show.
Other spaces included:
At the end of the game, the player in the lead won $100,000. During the final season, the winner returned the following Saturday, up to five weeks.
Bonus play.
Each contestant would be designated with a letter. At the end of the show, home viewers would be given a chance to win $100 playing the at-home Bonus Play game. The winning contestant spun a wheel with 10 spaces numbered 0-9.
The winning number would consist of the $100,000 winner's letter followed by a 4-digit number which the studio contestant created with four spins of the Bonus Play wheel.
Any home viewer whose Bonus Play ticket number matched the contestant's letter and the 4 digits in the order they were spun would win $100.

</doc>
<doc id="20320895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320895" title="My City of Ruins">
My City of Ruins

"My City of Ruins" is a 2000 song written and performed by Bruce Springsteen, and included on his 2002 album "The Rising".
History.
The song was written in November 2000, for an Asbury Park, New Jersey Christmas show benefit to help promote the revitalization of the city. Once a popular resort destination in the late 1800s and early 1900s, Asbury Park had succumbed to significant amounts of blight for a variety of reasons, including the ill-effects of the Great Depression, the opening of the Garden State Parkway, and race riots.
The song first starts describing the current state of Asbury Park, the deterioration, and the absence of people in the area.
Throughout the song, Springsteen continues to describe the city using images such as men loitering on a street corner and buildings with boarded up windows. The song ends, however, on a hopeful and optimistic note by powerfully imploring the city to "rise up" from the decay.
"My City of Ruins" was first played on December 17, 2000 at Asbury Park Convention Hall.
It borrows a melody from The Band's song The Weight
September 11 association.
The song took on an entirely new meaning soon after the September 11 attacks, offering a message of hope and rising from the ruins. The most famous live performance of the song came on September 21, 2001 during the "" national telethon. With only a guitar and a harmonica, Springsteen opened the program, introducing the number as "a prayer for our fallen brothers and sisters" and modifying a few phrases in the song. He was joined on stage by Patti Scialfa, Steven Van Zandt, Soozie Tyrell, Lisa Lowell and Clarence Clemons. It was included as the first track on the subsequent album released of the telethon performances.
A studio recording of "My City of Ruins" was then incorporated as the concluding track of Springsteen's September 11-themed, July 2002 album release "The Rising".
Christchurch, New Zealand Earthquake.
The song was widely used by New Zealand television stations during coverage of the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake.
Subsequent live performance history.
The song also appeared at Asbury Park holiday shows in subsequent years.
The song was played regularly on The Rising Tour and the Sessions Band Tour.
As such, "My City of Ruins" was included on the "Live in Barcelona" concert video and as a PBS special edition EP bonus track on "".
During the Working on a Dream Tour date in Rome, in July 2009, Bruce dedicated this song to the victims of the earthquake which devastated the Italian city of l'Aquila a few months before.
For the first time since the Seeger Sessions Tour, the song returned to the nightly setlists on the Wrecking Ball Tour and is being used as the song in which the band is introduced.
The song was dedicated to the Jersey Shore on November 1, 2012 at Pennsylvania State University (a stop on the Wrecking Ball Tour) after Hurricane Sandy and was performed on December 12, 2012 at the Concert for Sandy Relief.
Notable covers.
Eddie Vedder performed the song at the 32nd Annual Kennedy Center Honors as part of the multi-artist tribute to Bruce Springsteen who was one of the five recipients of the honor in 2009. In January 2010 pearljam.com announced that Eddie Vedder's cover would be available on iTunes to raise funds for Haiti earthquake disaster relief efforts. It entered the Hot 100 the following month, peaking at #92.

</doc>
<doc id="20320919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320919" title="Battle of Nooitgedacht">
Battle of Nooitgedacht

In the Battle of Nooitgedacht on 13 December 1900, Boer commandos led by Generals Koos de la Rey and Christiaan Beyers combined to deal a defeat to a British brigade under the command of Major General R. A. P. Clements during the Second Boer War.
Background.
Lord Roberts captured Pretoria on 5 June and the armies soon passed to the east. After the guerrilla war began, a force under Clements harried the Boers in the Moot, a valley in the Magliesberg mountains. By the end of the year, the British grew careless. On 2 December, De la Rey's commando ambushed an ox-wagon convoy east of Rustenburg, killing and wounding 64 British soldiers and capturing 54 men and 118 wagons. De la Rey's deputy, Jan Smuts had a close call when a bullet intended for him killed another Boer. The raiders appropriated the boots and clothing and burned the rest of the supplies, while setting their prisoners free.
De la Rey scouted Clement's camp at Nooitgedacht for three days. The camp had good water supply and a nearby mountain allowed communication by heliograph with Major General Robert Broadwood at Rustenburg. However, the site was dominated on the north by a mountain. A 1500-man commando led by General Beyers soon arrived, giving the Boers numerical superiority over their adversaries. Smuts later wrote, "I do not think it was possible to have selected a more fatal spot for a camp."
Battle.
The Boer leaders soon agreed on a plan. Half of Beyers' men would stay behind to keep Broadwood from marching to the rescue. The remainder, about 1500 men, were split into three attacking groups. Beyers would lead his commando against 300 British pickets on the mountaintop. Beyers detached Commandant Badenhorst to attack the camp from the west. De la Rey would capture several kopjes in the Moot to the south. If all went well, Clements' brigade would be trapped and destroyed.
In the event, Badenhorst's column blundered into the British picket lines in the pre-dawn darkness. In a brief fusillade at close range, the Boers were driven back, with losses on both sides. The alerted British now manned their defensive positions. Beyer then launched his attack on the mountaintop, but his tired men were soon stopped by sturdy resistance from the Royal Northumberland Fusiliers. After witnessing De la Rey's initial attack being repulsed in the valley below, Beyer's men became inspired and stormed the British positions on the mountaintop. After losing about 100 casualties, Captain Yatman surrendered at about 7:00 am. Reinforcements climbing the mountain lost heavily when Beyers' men suddenly poured fire into them.
That morning it was too hazy to flash a message to Broadwood, so Clements was entirely on his own. Meanwhile, De la Rey and Smuts had managed to capture all the kopjes in the Moot except one, Yeomanry Hill (Hartebeestfontein). Clements alertly and swiftly concentrated his survivors on this position. At 8:00 am, the British drove away a group of Boers who had gained a foothold on Yeomanry Hill. They then worked furiously to make the hill defensible. A 4.7-inch naval gun was even saved by rolling it downhill from its original perch and dragging it back to the main British position.
Meanwhile, the men under Beyers turned aside to loot the British camp and nothing the Boer general could do would get them back to the battle. One Boer remarked, "We were refitted from head to heel." At 4:00 pm, Clements and the remnant of his brigade rode off with his artillery toward Pretoria. Their retreat was virtually unopposed because the Boers were exhausted and by this time De la Rey's men had joined the other Boers in plundering the enemy camp.
Aftermath.
Thanks to his quick response to the crisis, Clements saved his brigade from annihilation. However, the general lost half his brigade due to his poor choice for a camp. The Imperial forces suffered no consequences from their defeat aside from the casualties suffered and the supplies lost. Within a short time, a column under Clements was again harassing the Moot.

</doc>
<doc id="20320943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320943" title="Shakill's Warrior">
Shakill's Warrior

"Shakill's Warrior" is an album by David Murray released on the DIW/Columbia label. It was released in 1991 and features eight quartet performances by Murray with Stanley Franks, Don Pullen, and Andrew Cyrille.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "The music, with the exception of some typical Murray outbursts into the extreme upper register, is generally respectful and soulful, one of Murray's mellower efforts.".

</doc>
<doc id="20320958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320958" title="List of compositions by Eric Ewazen">
List of compositions by Eric Ewazen

The following is a list of compositions by the composer Eric Ewazen.

</doc>
<doc id="20320960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320960" title="John Elsom">
John Elsom

John Elsom is a director of English association football club Grimsby Town and former chairman of Leicester City F.C. He served on the board of the Football League and is a member of the Football Association (FA) Council. 
Elsom was chairman of Leicester City F.C. from 1998 until mid-2002. During his tenure as chairman the club finished in mid-table in the Premier League, took part in the 1999 and 2000 League Cup Finals, and competed in the UEFA Cup. He also gave them a new stadium, the 32,000-seat Walkers Stadium, which opened for the 2002-03 season as a replacement for 111-year-old Filbert Street.
However, his chairmanship of the club came to an end after the 2001-02 season when the Foxes had been relegated from the Premier League and were more than £30million in debt. 
He was co-opted onto the board of directors of Grimsby Town Football Club in December 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20320971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20320971" title="Hydrogen purity">
Hydrogen purity

Hydrogen purity or hydrogen quality is a term to describe the lack of impurities in hydrogen as a fuel gas. The purity requirement varies with the application, for example a H2 ICE can tolerate low hydrogen purity where a hydrogen fuel cell requires high hydrogen purity to prevent catalyst poisoning.
High purity hydrogen.
In the first generation of fuel cells catalysts like palladium, ruthenium and platinum are used in combination with hydrogen production from hydrocarbons which results in performance degradation. The catalyst poisoning induced by carbon monoxide, formic acid, or formaldehyde can be reversed with a high purity hydrogen stream. Sulfur dioxide is problematic

</doc>
<doc id="20321007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321007" title="Manchán Magan">
Manchán Magan

Manchán Magan is an Irish writer, traveller and television maker. He has made over 30 travel documentaries focusing on issues of world cultures and globalization, 12 of them packaged under the Global Nomad series with his brother Ruán Magan. He presented "No Béarla", a documentary series about traveling around Ireland speaking only Irish. He writes a travel column for "The Irish Times" and his show "The Big Adventure", on RTÉ Radio One explores adventure holidays. He has written two books in Irish, "Baba-ji agus TnaG" (Coiscéim 2005) and "Manchán ar Seachrán" (Coiscéím 1998), and his English travel books include "Angels & Rabies: a journey through the Americas" (Brandon, 2006), "Manchán's Travels: a journey through India" (Brandon, 2007) and "Truck Fever: a journey through Africa" (Brandon, 2008).
Manchán's family background was uncompromisingly nationalist , extraordinarily wealthy and closely associated with the foundation of the Irish State. He has explored these connections in various documentaries for TG4 and RTÉ. He is the grandson of Sighle Humphreys and great-grandnephew of The O'Rahilly.

</doc>
<doc id="20321028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321028" title="The National Council on U.S.-Arab Relations">
The National Council on U.S.-Arab Relations

The National Council on U.S.-Arab Relations (NCUSAR) is an American non-profit organization NGO dedicated to improving American knowledge and understanding of the Arab world.
Background.
Founded in 1983, NCUSAR has public charity status in accordance with Section 501 (c) (3) of the Internal Revenue Code. All contributions are tax-deductible to the fullest extent allowed by law.
The headquarters of the Council are located at 1730 M Street, Washington DC. Utilizing its politically central location and ties with sister organizations, the Council plays a leading role in convening regular meetings of the heads of a dozen Arab-U.S. relations organizations devoted to sharing information, discussing strategies, avoiding duplication of effort, and identifying and pursuing opportunities for greater inter-organizational cooperation.
The Council is staffed by professionals and experts in the field of Arab politics. Most notable is President and CEO Dr. John Duke Anthony. Vice Presidents Patrick Macino and Dr. James Winship act as Director of Development and Program Manager respectively, while Megan Geissler heads the nationally recognized Model Arab League. These managers are backed by a team of interns who work seasonally. A fall spring internship opportunity is offered to college students, and a special fellowship exists for summer interns.
The National Council is supported primarily by philanthropists, individuals, and institutions in the United States and the Arab world. Their involvement with the Council often begins with a single event or activity and grows into a broader and lasting relationship based on a shared commitment to the Council's vision and mission. The number of people involved with the Council has grown greatly over the years thanks to connections that developed into significant bonds of cooperation.
Vision.
The National Council's vision is a relationship between the United States and its Arab partners, friends, and allies that rests on as solid and enduring a foundation as possible. This foundation is dedicated to mutual political endeavors, economic ventures, and reciprocal appreciation for culture and heritage.
Mission.
The National Council's mission is educational. It seeks to enhance American awareness understanding of Arab countries, the Middle East, and the Islamic world. It fulfills these goals by promoting programs for leadership development, educational lectures and publications, and public forums.
NCUSAR hosts the annual Arab-U.S. Policymakers Conference, a gathering of prominent minds to discuss that year’s pressing issues in the Arab world. It also sponsors the intercollegiate Model Arab League, a student forum similar to the Model United Nations. Study abroad opportunities exist in the form of the Yemen College of Middle Eastern Studies and the Cairo League of Arab States Exchange. The National Council on U.S.-Arab Relations periodically sponsors public educational programs on Capitol Hill. There, an assemblage of domestic and internationally renowned specialists analyze, discuss, and debate issues of importance to the relationship between the U.S., Middle East, and Islamic World. Such events seek to strengthen bonds of trust and friendship while examining complex political issues.
As a public service the Council serves as a nexus of information and contacts for grassroots, governmental, business, religious, and international institutions. In these ways the Council helps strengthen and expand the overall Arab-U.S. relationship.
Publications.
In addition to the distribution of routine newsletters, the Council provides a number of valuable resources concerning Arab politics, history, and relation with the West. Video and audio recordings as well as transcripts of events hosted by the Council are made available to the public on a regular basis. Most notable of these are videos and transcripts of the forum discussions held at the annual Arab-U.S. Policymakers Conference. Also offered are free essays and articles published by Dr. John Duke Anthony, who has written in the past for Encyclopædia Britannica and the Gulf Co-operation Council. The NCUSAR also posts resources it deems useful in spreading knowledge about the Arab World.
The National Council publishes the Saudi-U.S. Relations Information Service (SUSRIS) The SUSRIS project offers an objective and comprehensive view of the U.S.-Saudi Arabia relationship. SUSRIS’s main goal is to provide information from a variety of sources that would otherwise be difficult for most readers to uncover. It’s free e-newsletter offers original materials such as interviews, essays, and more. Since its launch in 2003, the response to this resource has been extraordinary, with monthly Web site visits measured in the millions. The success of this publication is clear as SUSRIS is routinely cited by major international media as a news source. A subscription to the e-newsletter is free and open to the general public.

</doc>
<doc id="20321030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321030" title="Peter Furneaux">
Peter Furneaux

Peter Furneaux (born 12 October 1935) is an English football club chairman and investor. He previously held the position of Executive Director at Grimsby Town where he was twice Chairman.
Grimsby born Furneaux has owned shares in his home town club for over 20 years. He has been Chairman twice. In the early 1990s he was at the helm before selling out to Bill Carr. Furneaux became Chairman again in the late 1990s when he bought the majority stake hold from Doug Everitt, for an undisclosed sum.
While Furneaux was at the helm the club enjoyed much success, with Furneaux guiding them from the then Fourth Division up to the second tier of English football. He has in many respects been the clubs longest serving and most successful chairman until the collapse of ITV Digital when the club faced huge difficulties.
In 2004 Furneaux relinquished his position once again, with the club's majority shareholder John Fenty taking over.
On 5 March 2011 it was announced that Furneaux would be stepping down from Grimsby's board of directors at the end of the 2010-2011 season amidst protests against himself and fellow directors Michael Chapman and John Elsom from supporters before the league tie with AFC Wimbledon. The fans had been unhappy with the trio who they had blamed for the resignation of vice-chairman Mike Parker earlier in the week. The news was broken to supporters when chairman John Fenty addressed them.
Furneaux stood down with immediate effect on 9 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20321079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321079" title="Pandikkad">
Pandikkad

Pandikkad is a town near Manjeri in Malappuram district, Kerala State of India. It is situated in the middle of Manjeri-Karuvarakundu and Mysoore-Trivandrum road. There is a Police Circle Inspector office. Pandikkad is a panchayath also.
Pandikkad is a developing it cultural and relegional backbone with Quran Study and Moral Classes Conducted by MSM under KNM.
Nilambur is very near from here.

</doc>
<doc id="20321086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321086" title="Rickettsia conorii">
Rickettsia conorii

Rickettsia conorii is a gram-negative, obligate intracellular bacterium of the genus "Rickettsia" that causes human disease called Boutonneuse fever, Mediterranean spotted fever, Israeli tick typhus, Astrakhan spotted fever, Kenya tick typhus, Indian tick typhus, or other names that designate the locality of occurrence while having distinct clinical features. It is a member of the spotted fever group and the most geographically dispersed species in the group, recognized in most of the regions bordering on the Mediterranean Sea and Black Sea, Israel, Kenya and other parts of North, Central, and South Africa, and India. The prevailing vector is the brown dog tick, "Rhipicephalus sanguineus". The bacterium was isolated by Emile Brumpt in 1932 and named after A. Conor who, in collaboration with A. Bruch, provided the first description of boutonneuse fever in Tunisia in 1910.
The genome of the bacterium has been sequenced and four subspecies have been identified.

</doc>
<doc id="20321091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321091" title="Junichi Tazawa">
Junichi Tazawa

Amateur career.
After he finished his high school career in Yokohama, Tazawa was not drafted by any of Nippon Professional Baseball's 12 teams, and joined the company team of Nippon Oil in the corporate league, unaffiliated with the NPB.
In 2008, Tazawa posted a 10–1 record for Nippon Oil, with a 1.02 earned run average and 95 strikeouts in 88 innings. In the national corporate league championships, he posted two straight shutouts, the second one a complete game on four hits, 10 strikeouts and zero walks in a 4-0 quarterfinal win over Hitachi, Ltd. Tazawa appeared less than 24 hours later in a relief appearance in the semifinal against Central Japan Railway. He pitched 2 and 2/3 innings, and allowed three hits, struck out one, and gave up the go-ahead run in a 3-2 loss. Tazawa was the MVP of the championships, with a 4–0 record and 36 strikeouts.
Professional career.
In September 2008, Tazawa announced his intention to skip the NPB draft in and to pursue a career with a Major League team. During the 2008 season, his manager Hideaki Okubo encouraged him to attempt a career in Major League Baseball without first playing with a Nippon Professional Baseball team. Had Tazawa joined a Japanese professional team, he would have had to either wait nine years to become a free agent, or to hope that his team would auction the right to negotiate with him through the posting system.
To avoid conflict between Japanese and U.S. teams, Tazawa asked NPB teams not to select him in the October 30 draft, and the 12 teams complied with the request. However, the teams passed a rule requiring any amateur player who signs overseas to sit out two to three years before he can join a Japanese team; high school players would have to sit two years, while college and corporate players three years.
While Tazawa attracted attention of American scouts, NPB announced that the major leagues of two nations had a gentlemen's agreement against signing Japanese amateurs, and general manager Brian Cashman, whose New York Yankees had a partnership agreement with Yomiuri Giants, said his team considered Tazawa hands off. However, Rob Manfred, MLB’s executive vice president for labor and human resources denied that any gentleman's agreement was in place regarding the signing of Japanese amateur players.
On December 4, 2008, Tazawa signed with the Boston Red Sox, reportedly for $3 million over three years. After his debut on August 7, 2009, he became the third Japanese player, after Mac Suzuki and Kazuhito Tadano, to play in Major League Baseball without first playing professionally in Japan.
On March 22, 2009, Red Sox optioned Tazawa to its AA affiliate, Portland Sea Dogs.
After achieving a record of 9-5 in 18 starts with a 2.57 ERA with Portland, Tazawa was promoted to the AAA Pawtucket Red Sox on July 27, 2009. While in Portland, Tazawa was named to the 2009 Eastern League All Star team, was tied in second for total amount of wins, and was tied for third in total strikeouts with 88.
On August 7, 2009, Tazawa was activated from Pawtucket after the Red Sox designated John Smoltz for assignment. He made his debut that night against the New York Yankees in Yankee Stadium in the 14th inning. Tazawa was the last pitcher left in the bullpen for the Red Sox. The first batter he faced was countryman Hideki Matsui, who lined out. In the bottom of the 15th, Tazawa surrendered a two-run walk off home run to Alex Rodriguez.
Tazawa's first major league start was on August 11, 2009, against the Detroit Tigers. In the first inning of the start Tazawa hit Tigers first baseman Miguel Cabrera in the hand while elevating on a fast ball, to which Tigers starter Rick Porcello retaliated in trying to throw at Victor Martinez. In the next inning Cabrera was forced to leave the game due to his hand continuing to ail him. The first pitch thrown by Porcello in the bottom of the second inning hit Kevin Youkilis causing him to charge the mound clearing both the benches leading to ejections to both Youkilis and Porcello. Tazawa would go on to pitch five innings, winning the game giving up one earned run and striking out six. With his start, Tazawa became the second youngest Japanese pitcher to start in a major league game. Tazawa's second start came against the Texas Rangers. He pitched 5 innings, giving up four runs on 10 hits and 3 walks and taking the loss. In his 3rd start, against the New York Yankees, Tazawa pitched 6 scoreless innings, allowing 8 hits, 2 walks, and striking out 2 in the win.
In April 2010, Tazawa underwent Tommy John surgery on his right elbow and was knocked out for the entire 2010 season. He began the 2011 season on the 60-day disabled list but eventually returned to pitch in 3 games for the Red Sox in 2011.
Tazawa started 2012 in Triple-A Pawtucket before being called up to Boston on April 18 to replace the struggling Mark Melancon. Tazawa was optioned back to Triple-A on May 1. Tazawa was one of the rare bright spots in a dismal 2012 season, posting a 1.43 ERA in 44 innings. On April 26, 2012 against the Chicago White Sox, Tazawa tossed three scoreless innings for his first career save.
In May 2013, Tazawa was named interim closer after injuries to Joel Hanrahan and Andrew Bailey. By the end of July he had settled into the primary right-handed setup role ahead of new closer Koji Uehara. He continued in that role through Boston's run to the World Series championship, including pitching important innings in the ALCS and World Series. In 13 postseason appearances, Tazawa allowed only one run. He earned the win in the decisive Game 6 of the ALCS. 
Pitching style.
Tazawa has three main pitches that include a 92-95 mph fastball (tops out at 97 mph), a curveball (73–77 mph), and a forkball/splitter (86–88 mph).

</doc>
<doc id="20321104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321104" title="Wu Gorge">
Wu Gorge

Wu Gorge (), sometimes called Great Gorge (), is the second gorge of the Three Gorges system on the Yangtze River, People's Republic of China. Formed by the Wu River, it stretches from Wushan to Guandukou, and is located downstream of Qutang Gorge and upstream of Xiling Gorge. The gorge straddles the boundary between Wushan County of Chongqing Municipality (formerly part of Sichuan Province) and Badong County, Hubei Province.
The Gorge has been known as the Wu Gorge since at least the Three Kingdoms Period, when it was recorded in the geographical treatise Shui Jing Zhu. In 589 AD, General Lü Zhongsu of the Chen Dynasty stationed troops in the Wu and Xiling Gorges in an attempt to stop the advancing Sui Dynasty armies. Tang Dynasty poet Yang Jiong wrote a classical poem entitled "Passing Wu Gorge" ().
The mountains on both sides of the Yangtze, through which the river cuts the Wu Gorge, are known as the Wu Mountains ("巫山, Wū Shān").

</doc>
<doc id="20321133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321133" title="Hoffman (Cleveland automobile)">
Hoffman (Cleveland automobile)

The Hoffman Automobile and Manufacturing Company was founded in 1900 by French immigrant Louis Hoffman and based in Cleveland, Ohio. The first cars went on sale in 1902. The original versions ran on steam, but the business eventually accepted the internal combustion engine. Hoffman departed the company in 1903.
It was later renamed the Royal Motor Company.
Surviving examples.
An open-top 1903 Hoffman is on display at the Crawford Auto-Aviation Museum. One of 100 Hoffmans made that year, it sported a single-cylinder gasoline engine and sold for $925 in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="20321147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321147" title="Typhus">
Typhus

Typhus is any of several similar diseases caused by "Rickettsia" bacteria. The name comes from the Greek "typhos" (τῦφος) meaning smoky or hazy, describing the state of mind of those affected with typhus. The causative organism "Rickettsia" is an obligate parasite bacterium that cannot survive for long outside living cells. Typhus should not be confused with typhoid fever. While "typhoid" means "typhus-like", the diseases are distinct and are caused by different species of bacteria.
Causes.
Multiple diseases include the word "typhus" in their description. Types include:
Prevention.
The most effective way to prevent typhus is inoculation with the typhus vaccine series before travelling to endemic areas, and to avoid contact with lice.
Treatment.
Without treatment, death may occur in 10 to 60 percent of patients with epidemic typhus, with patients over age 60 having the highest risk of death. Less than two percent of untreated patients with murine typhus may die. Prompt treatment with antibiotics cures most patients.
Epidemiology.
According to the World Health Organization, typhus continues to kill about 0.2 people per million, per year.
History.
Middle Ages.
The first reliable description of the disease appears during the Spanish siege of Moorish Granada in 1489. These accounts include descriptions of fever and red spots over arms, back, and chest, progressing to delirium, gangrenous sores, and the stink of rotting flesh. During the siege, the Spaniards lost 3,000 men to enemy action, but an additional 17,000 died of typhus. 
Typhus was also common in prisons, where it was known as 'Aryotitus fever' and often occurred when prisoners were frequently huddled together in dark, filthy rooms where lice spread easily. Thus, "Imprisonment until the next term of court" was often equivalent to a death sentence. Prisoners brought before the court sometimes infected the court itself. Following the Assize held at Oxford in 1577, later deemed the Black Assize, over 300 died from epidemic typhus, including Sir Robert Bell, Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer. During the Lent Assize Court held at Taunton (1730), typhus caused the death of the Lord Chief Baron, as well as the High Sheriff, the sergeant, and hundreds of others. During a time when there were 241 capital offenses, more prisoners died from 'gaol fever' than were put to death by all the public executioners in the British realm. In 1759, an English authority estimated that each year a quarter of the prisoners had died from gaol fever. In London, typhus frequently broke out among the ill-kept prisoners of Newgate Prison and then moved into the general city population. In May 1750, the Lord Mayor of London, Sir Samuel Pennant, and a large number of court personnel were fatally infected in the courtroom of the Old Bailey, which adjoined Newgate Prison.
Epidemics occurred routinely throughout Europe from the 16th to the 19th centuries, including during the English Civil War, the Thirty Years' War, and the Napoleonic Wars. Pestilence of several kinds raged among combatants and civilians in Germany and surrounding lands from 1618 to 1648. According to Joseph Patrick Byrne, "By war's end, typhus may have killed more than 10 percent of the total German population, and disease in general accounted for 90 percent of Europe's casualties."
19th century.
During Napoleon's retreat from Moscow in 1812, more French soldiers died of typhus than were killed by the Russians.
A major epidemic occurred in Ireland between 1816 and 1819, during the famine caused by a world-wide reduction in temperature known as the Year Without a Summer. An estimated 100,000 Irish perished. Typhus appeared again in the late 1830s, and yet another major typhus epidemic occurred during the Great Irish Famine between 1846 and 1849. The Irish typhus spread to England, where it was sometimes called "Irish fever" and was noted for its virulence. It killed people of all social classes, as lice were endemic and inescapable, but it hit particularly hard in the lower or "unwashed" social strata.
In the United States, a typhus epidemic killed the son of Franklin Pierce (14th President of the United States) in Concord, New Hampshire in 1843, and struck in Philadelphia in 1837. Several epidemics occurred in Baltimore, Memphis and Washington DC between 1865 and 1873. Typhus was also a significant killer during the US Civil War, although typhoid fever was the more prevalent cause of US Civil War "camp fever". Typhoid fever, caused by the bacterium Salmonella typhii (not to be confused with Salmonella "enterica", the cause of Salmonella food poisoning), is a completely different disease from typhus. 
In Canada alone, the typhus epidemic of 1847 killed more than 20,000 people from 1847 to 1848, mainly Irish immigrants in fever sheds and other forms of quarantine, who had contracted the disease aboard coffin ships.
20th century.
Delousing stations were established for troops on the Western Front during World War I, but the disease ravaged the armies of the Eastern Front, with over 150,000 dying in Serbia alone. Fatalities were generally between 10 and 40 percent of those infected, and the disease was a major cause of death for those nursing the sick. 
In 1922, the typhus epidemic reached its peak, with some 1 to 3 million cases in Russia and 4 million cases in Poland. In Russia, during the civil war between the White and Red armies, typhus killed three million people, mainly civilians.
During World War II, many German POWs after the loss at Stalingrad died of typhus. Typhus epidemics killed those confined to POW camps, ghettos, and Nazi concentration camps who were held in unhygienic conditions. Pictures of typhus victims' mass graves can be seen in footage shot at Bergen-Belsen concentration camp. 
Among thousands of prisoners in concentration camps such as Theresienstadt and Bergen-Belsen who died of typhus were Anne Frank, at the age of 15, and her sister Margot, at the age of 19. Even larger epidemics in the postwar chaos of Europe were averted only by widespread use of the newly discovered DDT to kill the lice on millions of refugees and displaced persons.
The first typhus vaccine was developed by the Polish zoologist Rudolf Weigl in the period between the two world wars. Better, less-dangerous and less-expensive vaccines were developed during World War II. Since then, some epidemics have occurred in Asia, Eastern Europe, the Middle East, and parts of Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20321171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321171" title="2008–09 Minnesota Golden Gophers men's basketball team">
2008–09 Minnesota Golden Gophers men's basketball team

The 2008–09 Minnesota Golden Gophers men's basketball team represented the University of Minnesota in the college basketball season of 2008–2009. The team's head coach is Tubby Smith. This is his second year as Minnesota's head coach. The Golden Gophers played their home games at Williams Arena in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The Big Ten Network included the team in a two and a half hour special that featured Midnight Madness events from several Big Ten campuses on October 17, 2008; the Minnesota event to kick off the season was called "Tubby's Tipoff". The Gophers started the season on a twelve-game winning streak for the first time since the 1948–49 season. The team became ranked on December 22, the first time the team had been ranked since the 2002–03 season.
Recruit Royce White signed with the Minnesota Golden Gophers, but did not play due to shoplifting and trespassing charges. He transferred to Iowa State in July 2010.
2008–09 Schedule and Results.
!colspan="8" style="text-align: center; background:#800000" | Exhibition
! colspan="8" style="text-align: center; background:#800000"|Regular Season
! colspan="9" style="text-align: center; background:#800000"|Big Ten Regular Season
! colspan="9" style="text-align: center; background:#800000"|2009 Big Ten Tournament
! colspan="9" style="text-align: center; background:#800000"|2009 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="20321174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321174" title="Marvin's Marvelous Mechanical Museum">
Marvin's Marvelous Mechanical Museum

Marvin's Marvelous Mechanical Museum, located in Farmington Hills, Michigan, is devoted to a huge collection of coin-operated animatronic dummies, mechanical games and other oddities. Exhibits include, for example, the classic gypsy Fortune teller machine that used to grace many a carnival sideshow. Most of the machines still function, so visitors are encouraged to bring change. The museum's founder, Marvin Yagoda, has been collecting the items that populate the museum for 50 years. Yagoda is a recognized expert in the field of mechanical and electrical game apparatus; he has been involved in appraisal of such items for American Pickers.
Amongst the collection is P.T. Barnum's version of the Cardiff Giant.
Another oddity is one of Sing Sing Prison's Electric Chairs in which 30 people died.
An automaton "food inspector" is set up to continuously vomit into a pile of milk bottles.
Tally Hall, a rock band from nearby Ann Arbor, has titled an album after the museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20321247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321247" title="Rickettsia typhi">
Rickettsia typhi

Rickettsia typhi is a species of the genus Rickettsia.
It is the causative agent of Murine typhus.
The genome is similar to that of "Rickettsia prowazekii".

</doc>
<doc id="20321288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321288" title="Fábio Santos da Silva">
Fábio Santos da Silva

Fabio Santos da Silva, better known as Fabio (born 23 February 1981 in Rio de Janeiro, Brasil), is a Brazilian footballer. He currently plays for Atlético Sorocaba.
In 2010, he played for the Syrian Premier League club Al-Karamah.

</doc>
<doc id="20321302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321302" title="List of Ballykissangel episodes">
List of Ballykissangel episodes

This is a list of episodes for the BBC television drama "Ballykissangel", produced by Conor Harrington and Alan Moloney, broadcast from 1 February 1996 to 15 April 2001. All episodes are 50 minutes long unless otherwise stated.

</doc>
<doc id="20321326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321326" title="Pterygioteuthis giardi">
Pterygioteuthis giardi

Pterygioteuthis giardi is a species of squid in the family Pyroteuthidae. The roundear enope squid ("P. giardi giardi") and "P. giardi hoylei" are recognised as possible subspecies of "P. giardi".

</doc>
<doc id="20321472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321472" title="Pozirno">
Pozirno

Pozirno () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20321503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321503" title="The Ambient Collection">
The Ambient Collection

The Ambient Collection is a 1990 album compiling songs by the Art of Noise into a chill-out mix. The album was compiled and remixed by Youth, using songs from the Art of Noise albums "In Visible Silence" and "In No Sense? Nonsense!", as well as the song "Island" from "Below the Waste". The album spawned one single, "Art of Love".

</doc>
<doc id="20321524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321524" title="Favianna Rodriguez">
Favianna Rodriguez

Favianna Rodriguez (born September 26, 1978) is an American artist with Afro-Peruvian roots. Rodriguez got her start as a political poster designer in the 1990s' in the struggles for racial justice in Oakland, California. Rodriguez is known for using her art as an activism tool. She designs posters ranging from a variety of different issues including globalization, immigration, feminism, patriarchy,interdependence, and genetically modified foods. She has self-identified herself as Latina. Over the last few years Rodriguez has been able to make a name out of herself by having her work exhibited not only nationally but internationally as well.
Background.
Rodriguez was born and raised in the predominantly Latino neighborhood of Fruitvale in east Oakland, California. She was raised by her parents who migrated from Peru to California in the late 1960s. Rodriguez came from a family where her parents did not have a college education, however they worked hard to make sure that she had the best education that was possible for her. Art was always something important in Rodriguez's life and from a young age she was able to win art contests and appear on Spanish television shows sharing her art. At age 12 she briefly moved to Mexico City to avoid corruption and negative influences in Oakland. Rodriguez resided with her aunt during this time, but then began to rent a room from an elderly lady after that did not work out. During Rodriguez's time in Mexico city she discovered Frida Kahlo and was immediately inspired as she felt she could relate to her.
By the age of 15 Rodriguez returned to the United States to her hometown of Oakland. Although her parents were supportive of her art they pushed Rodriguez to pursue a career in medicine or engineering.
Education.
Growing up Rodriguez began her schooling at Centro Infantil De La Raza. She later went on to attend Lazear Elementary, St. Leanders Catholic School, El Instituto Technologico de Monterey, and Skyline High School.
After graduating from Hunters lane High School in 1996 Rodriguez received numerous amounts of scholarships and was accepted into the University of California Berkeley. While at UC Berkley Rodriguez met Chicana artist Yreina Cervantes. Cervantes introduced Rodriguez to print making and this is when Rodriguez began to further develop her passion. She ultimately decided to leave UC Berkeley at age 20. Rodriguez has indicated that while at Berkeley she felt she was following her parents goals and not hers.
Activism.
Rodriguez began to develop her passion for social activism through the experiences she encountered growing up in Oakland. She began to notice institutional racism take place and decided to organize around these issues as well as help organize students in her school. To this day Rodriguez has shown her passion for this, most recently through the migration is beautiful campaign. According to Rodriguez here parents were migrants who struggled with the English language, she recalls instances where they we were called “monkeys” and other racist things. She also experienced certain things in her community such as sexual violence, gangs, and drug use. Being from the Bay Area Rodriguez had easy access to organizers who were fighting these issues. Rodriguez also began to notice that she did not see positive images of herself as a woman of color in the media. The awareness of the artist ultimately led her to begin organizing around social issues at a young age.
Her illustrations have become synonymous with grassroots efforts to defend a variety of issues ranging from Ethnic Studies, immigrant and women’s rights, affirmative action to patriarchy, interdependence, and youth activism. Rodriguez is renowned for her bold posters against racism and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. More recently she has become renowned for her immigration posters and collaborating campaigns such as migration is beautiful. Whether handmade or printed en masses, her prints reflect new subjects, new ways of seeing, and the impact people can have on their conditions. Rodriguez's artwork has also been a way for her to explore her sexuality as she has recently come out as queer.
Philanthropies and organizations.
Rodriguez is also co-founder of Tumis Inc., a bilingual design studio providing graphics, web, and technology development for social justice. Rodriguez travels extensively to collaborate with organizations interested in using political graphics and the Internet to promote community building and social change.
She also is a co-founder of East Side Alliance Arts center which is a cultural center and an organization of artists and community organizers that promote community sustainability through political and cultural awareness and leadership development to support a unique living space that improves our communities and advocates for progressive, systemic social change.
In 2003, she helped establish the Taller Tupac Amaru print studio to promote the practice of screenprinting among California-based artists. Through these programs, Rodriguez has mentored dozens of emerging young artists, and helped establish a multi-use arts facility in the heart of working-class East Oakland.
Rodriguez has lectured at over 200 schools widely on the use and power of art in civic engagement and the work of artists who, like herself, are bridging the community and museum, the local and international. She also lectures on cultural organizing and technology to inspire social change, and leads art workshops at schools around the country. A few of the many schools Rodriguez has lectured at include UC Santa Cruz, Stanford, Michigan State, and Syracuse University.
Influences.
The young thriving artist has a variety of influences for her work. These influences include the Chicano Movement and feminist art of the 1970s and 1980s.
Artists that influence Favianna Rodriguez include: Ester Hernandez, Yolanda Lopez, Rufino Tamayo, Rupert Garcia, Romare Bearden, Pablo Picasso, Taller de Grafica Popular, Ospaaal, Wangechi Mutu, Frida Kahlo, Swoon (artist) who is a street artist, and Malaquias Montoya.
Collaborations.
Rodriguez has worked closely with artists in Mexico, Europe, and Japan, and her works appear in collections at Bellas Artes (Mexico City), The Glasgow Print Studio (Glasgow, Scotland), and Los Angeles County Museum of Art (Los Angeles). Favianna is also a member of the Justseeds Cooperative and has partnered with Pharrel Williams' i am OTHER YouTube Channel to create a new three partdocumentary series titled "Migration is Beautiful". The Migration is Beautiful Campaign has been supported by many influential scholars such as Junot Diaz, Julia Alvarez, and Steve Earle amongst many others.
Her other most recent projects are against rape and violence against women, the Artist vs.Walmart, and expanding Migration is Beautiful.
Rodriguez partners with social movement groups around the world to create art that’s visionary, inspirational, radical and, most importantly, transformational. When Favianna is not making art, she is directing CultureStrike, a national arts organization that engages artists, writers and performers in migrant rights. In 2009, she co-founded Presente.org, a national online organizing network dedicated to the political empowerment of Latino communities.
The butterfly motif.
Rodriguez has said “The butterfly symbol was not my idea. Immigrant rights activists have seen the butterfly as a symbol of fluid and peaceful migration for generations. To me, the monarch butterfly represents the dignity and resilience of migrants, and the right that all living beings have to move freely. I believe that we shouldn’t allow our identity to be defined only by our suffering, nor by the actions that others have taken to devalue our families and our labor -- rather, let us celebrate our beauty, pride, and resilience in the face of inequality and injustice.”
In 2008, Rodriguez was named one of "Utne Reader" magazine’s “50 Visionaries Who Are Changing the World".
Exhibitions.
In addition, her works have been displayed in England, Belgium, and Mexico. She was a 2005 artist-in-residence at San Francisco's de Young Museum, a 2007-2008 artist-in-residence at Kala Art Institute (Berkeley, CA), and received a 2006 Sea Change Residency from the Gaea Foundation (Provincetown, MA). Rodriguez is recipient of a 2005 award from the Center for the Study of Political Graphics.

</doc>
<doc id="20321530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321530" title="Praprotno">
Praprotno

Praprotno () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20321545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321545" title="1997 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1997 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1997 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1997–1998. The Buckeyes compiled a 10–3 record, including the 1998 Sugar Bowl in New Orleans, Louisiana, where they lost 31–14 to the Florida State Seminoles.
NFL draft.
For the first time since the NFL draft's inception in 1936, no Ohio State players were selected in the 1998 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20321557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321557" title="Utatama">
Utatama


</doc>
<doc id="20321567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321567" title="Pungert, Škofja Loka">
Pungert, Škofja Loka

Pungert () is a small settlement on the right bank of the Sora River in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20321568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321568" title="Black &amp; Black">
Black &amp; Black

Black & Black is the first album by David Murray to be released on Bob Thiele's Red Baron label. It was released in 1991 and features performances by Murray, Marcus Belgrave, Kirk Lightsey, Santi Debriano and Roy Haynes.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "Not essential but worth picking up by David Murray fans.".

</doc>
<doc id="20321593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321593" title="Canon de 24 de Vallière">
Canon de 24 de Vallière

The Canon de 24 de Vallière was a type of cannon designed by the French officer Florent-Jean de Vallière ( 1667-1759), Director-General of the Battalions and Schools of the Artillery.
The cannon was a result of the Royal Ordonnance of October 7, 1732, edicted to reorganize and standardize the King's artillery.
Whereas numerous formats and designs had been in place in the French army, De Vallière standardized the French sizes in artillery pieces, by allowing only for the production of 24, 12, 8 and 4 pound guns, mortars of 13 and 9 inches, and stone-throwing mortars of 16 inches. The 24-pdr was the largest caliber available to French artillery in this system.
The cannon used core drilling of the bore of cannons founded in one piece of bronze, a method developed at that time by Jean Maritz, which allowed for much higher precision of the bore shape and surface, and therefore higher shooting efficiency.
As with other de Valliere guns, the 24-pdr was also highly decorated and contained numerous designs and inscriptions.
Front part.
Starting with the front part, the gun had a sight design at it extremity. The followed the name of the gun (here "Uranie"). Then, a Latin phrase "Ultima Ratio Regum", initially introduced by Louis XIV, and rather descriptive of the role of the gun: "The Last Argument of the King". Under that appears the name "Louis Charles de Bourbon, Comte d'Eu, Duc d'Aumale", the "Grand Maître de l'artillerie de France" (Grand Master of the Artillery of France), followed by a royal emblem. In the middle of the cannon are trunnions, used to position the gun in place and elevate or depress it. On top of the trunnions are dolphin-shaped ornaments, which are used in lifting the gun.
Back part.
The back part consists in, sometimes, an inscription showing the weight of the cannonball (for example a "4" for a 4-pounder), followed by a Latin inscription ""Nec pluribus impar"", meaning that the King is "Not unequal to many (suns)". This is followed by the royal crest of the Bourbon dynasty. At the bottom of the gun, the location and date of manufacture are inscribed (in the example "Strasbourg, 1745"), and finally the name and title of the founder (in the example "Fondu par Jean Maritz, Commissaire des Fontes de France"). The cascabel is decorated with an animal face showing the rating of the gun (the lion head for a 24-pounder).

</doc>
<doc id="20321618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321618" title="Men's spaces">
Men's spaces

Men's spaces are separate social and cultural spaces, roles and norms available to men in some non-westernized societies. It is the membership of these spaces that determines a male's manhood, while failing to get a membership of this space amounts to being denied manhood, and to be liable to queerhood, i.e. to be counted as a 'third gender' or a non-man male.
In non-westernized cultures, most traditional spaces are divided into men's spaces, women's spaces and third gender spaces. The entry or participation of women in these men's spaces is highly restricted. Entry of third genderered persons into men's spaces is also regulated, although with more freedom than women to partake in these spaces.
Although these spaces are restricted for women, Western women who want to study these spaces are often allowed entry.
History of men's spaces.
In the early days of human civilizaton, as proven by several indigenous and aboriginal tribes, boys, along with other children, lived in women's spaces till they reached puberty, after which they generally had to undergo 'manhood tests' or 'rites of passage into manhood' in order to be initiated into men's spaces.
The manhood tests became more and more torturous with time during which men were expected not to show the slightest sign of pain or sighcultures? gross overgeneralisation. Boys who failed these tests were denied membership of men's spaces, which amounted to denying manhood and being emasculated, and were isolated as one of the third genders, deprived of social rights and privileges available to 'men.' This was a fate worse than death for masculine gendered males.
The feminine gendered males, i.e. the third genders were in some tribes exempt from manhood tests and were raised as third genders from early childhood, when they showed what is today known as "Gender incongruent behaviour."
In what are considered modern civilizations, it is still of great importance to be counted as one of the men. It can even be a matter of life and death for masculine gendered males. - and to be isolated as a 'third gender' remains severely stigmatizing for masculine gendered males.
Effects of westernization on men's spaces.
Some in the Western World think men's spaces are discriminatory toward the rights of women, and therefore fit for abolition. This is due to an overlap of previously all-male spaces and what was considered the "old boy network" - channels of social and financial upward mobility that were conducted in all-male spaces. All-female spaces are generally viewed as beneficial for women, focusing on providing access to safety as opposed to gender-segregated access to opportunities.
There are hardly any exclusively-male spaces in western culture now, and even former strongholds of men's spaces like military forces and sports have increasingly become gender neutral.

</doc>
<doc id="20321653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321653" title="Karen Mayne">
Karen Mayne

Karen Mayne is a Democratic member of the Utah Senate, representing the 5th District (map) in West Valley City since her appointment in 2008. She is the widow of former State Senator Ed Mayne.

</doc>
<doc id="20321689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321689" title="Google SearchWiki">
Google SearchWiki

SearchWiki was a Google Search feature which allowed logged-in users to annotate and re-order search results. The annotations and modified order only applied to the user's searches, but it was possible to view other users' annotations for a given search query. SearchWiki was released on November 20, 2008 and discontinued on March 3, 2010. All previously created SearchWiki edits are preserved on the logged in user's SearchWiki notes page.
Google Stars replaces SearchWiki. Users no longer have the option to annotate or re-order search results. Instead a user clicks on a "star marker" which makes the entry appear in a starred results list at the top of a new search. The starred results list can be clicked to bring up Google Bookmarks where the list entries can be annotated.

</doc>
<doc id="20321699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321699" title="Renegade (band)">
Renegade (band)

Renegade is an American rock n' roll band composed of Luis Cardenas, Kenny Marquez and Tony De La Rosa. Although each member hails from the United States, the band is widely recognized as being the first Hispanic or "Chicano rock" band to gain acceptance in the United States. Throughout Latin America, the band is referred to as Los Renegados. Renegade has been referred to by Ritmo Beat Magazine as Chicano rock-gods.
Formation.
Renegade was formed by Luis Cardenas in Whittier, California. and were unusual in being ethnic Hispanics playing rock music. Building a local following and subsequently winning a record contract, the band released the albums "Rock n' Roll Crazy", "Renegade II - On The Run", "Nuns On Wheels" and "Renegade Live". The band sold well in Mexico, Canada, Japan, United Kingdom and locally in California, but did not enjoy the same level of success throughout the USA as they did internationally. In the United States, the band was widely viewed as teen idols, appearing in Tiger Beat, 16 Magazine, BOP Magazine and television programs, such as Dance Fever, which often overshadowed their musical prowess. The band was successful enough in the United States, to headline music festivals with bands such as 38 Special, Foreigner, Journey and Night Ranger. Renegade toured throughout the world in their own Learjet, and was popular enough in the late 1980s to be asked by Kenny Rogers to appear on the Texas-New Mexico Border with Lionel Richie and Lee Greenwood to support Rogers' Hands Across America effort. Renegade was the Saturday night headline attraction for the Los Angeles Street Scene Festival in both 1985 and 1986, with audiences of 150,000 in attendance. In 1990, the band was featured in a 98 minute television special aired on MTV International, entitled "Renegade MTV Special." Cardenas reprises his original Let It Out drum solo during the MTV Special, finally committing his masterful performance to a visual experience. The band was honored in August 2001 at a David Hasselhoff hosted event at the Conga Room, in Los Angeles for record sales in excess of 30 million units worldwide.
Discrimination.
Being from Mexican origin proved to be a barrier for the members of Renegade during their early years. The band's manager and producer, Kim Richards, is a music industry veteran (Pink Floyd, Queen, America, Mike Pinera, Iron Butterfly and Kevin DuBrow of Quiet Riot). Richards was unable to get the band booked at local Los Angeles clubs as a result of their skin color and a perception that a group of "Mexicans" would bring in spray cans and knives. Richards told Performance Magazine:
"used to be a place called Flippers Roller Disco in West Hollywood that booked bands and had a lot of industry people hanging out. I played Renegade’s demo tape for the booker, and he said, ‘great, sure, your guys are booked for next Wednesday. Got a picture? "Well, I gave him a group photo and he looks at it and says, ‘Oh... Latino, huh? Let me just check the book here a second. Oh, I made a mistake, we already had a booking for that night .. sorry.’ "I said cut the jive. I know what’s happening. He finally admitted he didn’t want the spray paint and knife carriers coming in to see the group. I was truly surprised by this, especially in this so-called enlightened age. I found that another very key club owner in town had the same attitude about us. But this increased my determination to make Renegade work. If they didn’t make it, it wasn’t going to be because of discrimination.." said [Kim Richards. He finally went to Bill Gazzarri, a longtime friend of Richards and owner of a teen dance club that helped establish "video go-go dancing" in the 60’s on the Sunset Strip. "I said Bill, you’re the only one left. I want this band booked. Bill said, ‘You can put em on every Wednesday night. This is my joint, and I do what I want with it.’" Said Richards... "They doing SRO business Renegade every Wednesday night ... Suddenly, that big club owner who’d turned me down contacted me about booking the band. I decided if Renegade was to play a club that turned the group down when we needed the club, the group was going to get 100 percent of the door plus 20 percent of the bar. I eventually got 100 percent of the door and 10 percent of the bar.
Renegade's original record label wanted the band members to change their names to more "Americanized" names, but Richards supported their refusal, ultimately prevailing. Richards opted to go the opposite direction and promoted the band's ethnicity, persuading then Warner / Electra / Atlantic Distribution (WEA) head Nesuhi Ertegün to release the band's single, Girls, Girls, Girls in Latin-America. The single shot to the top of the charts effectively forcing a worldwide release of the band's first album, Rock N' Roll Crazy!. Los Renegados, as the band is known throughout Latin-America, became a household name based on a combination of the band's teen idol appearance and the fact they were Latin.
Luis Cardenas Solo Projects.
Cardenas personally achieved additional fame in the U.S., Japan, Canada, Mexico, and especially throughout Europe, where he participated in a TV show resulting from his having broken the world record for having the world's largest drumkit, which had previously landed him in the Guinness Book of World Records. Ironically, Cardenas's solo efforts have helped overcome Renegade's original teen idol image in the U.S., for that of a highly regarded musical unit. Unlike many drummers of the 1980s, Cardenas proved his drumming ability with the band's debut live track "Let It Out" in which he performs an intricate drum solo that comprises nearly a quarter of the song, ala Iron Butterfly's In Gadda Da Vida. After being inducted into the Guinness Book of World Records, Cardenas intentionally reduced the size of his drum kit to avoid being known for its size, rather than his personal skills as a drummer. 
Cardenas released a solo album called "Animal Instinct", and the first single "Runaway", a cover of a Del Shannon original, became a worldwide hit. This was mainly due to an excellent video that included cameos by Del Shannon and Donny Osmond, which received heavy rotation on MTV for many weeks, and ultimately became the most added video in history, with rotation as diverse as BET. Cardenas won a National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences (NARAS) Best Rock Video Grammy Nomination for his Runaway Video and its documentary, The Making of Runaway. The Runaway video was an instant MTV favorite, propelling Cardenas into the Top Ten worldwide and added to the international cache of Renegade as a result of Cardenas's personal success. Further singles and unique videos followed, such as the Cardenas penned Hungry For Your Love, which included another captivating video with Phyllis Diller and Cardenas's pet tiger, Bundi. Although Hungry For Your Love shot up the carts worldwide, it did not match the initial success enjoyed by Runaway. Cardenas took some time off from public appearances between 1990 and 1993, but recorded two albums during that time that have not yet been released.
Renegade Returns to the Studio.
In 2000 Cardenas was once again with Renegade and the band was hopeful of regaining past glories. Renegade headlined a performance at the Los Angeles Staples Center for Infinity Broadcasting shortly after the September 11 attacks to raise funds for victims. In 2002, the band announced another charity concert at the Hollywood House of Blues to benefit the Music Cares effort to put music back into schools. Despite a high ticket price (all going to the charity) the show sold out in a matter of minutes and was turned into a video production. Renegade invited a number of their industry friends, such as Vivian Campbell (Def Leppard), Mike Pinera (Iron Butterfly, Blues Image and Alice Cooper) and Mick Fleetwood (Fleetwood Mac) to join them. Pinera performs his signature songs (Ride Capatin Ride, Ina Gada Da Vida) with Renegade backing him up. Cardenas performs his version of the legendary drum solo from Ina Gadda Da Vida. 
Renegade's past successes, caused Ritmo Beat Magazine to refer to them as the first Latin rock band, hailing them as Chicano rock-gods. Transcending a generation, children ten years of age and younger can be heard screaming ""Los Renegados"" as the band makes its way through East Los Angeles in the annual Cinco De Mayo parade. The members remain tight knit today. According to Allied Artists Music Group, the band continues to write and record music and may announce yet another world tour. The DVD Renegade Live @ The House of Blues, that contains some older material, brand new material and a jam session with guitarist Mike Pinera, was released in the United States in September 2009.
New Solo Projects for Luis Cardenas.
Luis Cardenas is now working on a new album entitled "Generations" to be released in 2012. This time around Cardenas is including his two sons, Nick and Zach Cardenas, who are themselves drummers. Whether a Renegade album will precede or follow the new Cardenas album is unknown at this time. Being well regarded as both a musician and drummer, Cardenas is a sought after studio musician and has produced several local bands, as well as writing material for various artists.

</doc>
<doc id="20321704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321704" title="Expedition 22">
Expedition 22

Expedition 22 was the 22nd long duration crew flight to the International Space Station (ISS). This expedition began in November 2009 when the Expedition 21 crew departed. For a period of 3 weeks, there were only 2 crew members; it was the first time that had happened since STS-114 had delivered a third person to restore the ISS crew to 3. Commander Jeff Williams and flight engineer Maksim Surayev were joined by the rest of their crew on 22 December 2009, making the Expedition 22 a crew of five.
The expedition ended when Soyuz TMA-16 undocked on 17 March 2010, and was immediately followed by the start of Expedition 23.

</doc>
<doc id="20321790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321790" title="Parrish High School">
Parrish High School

Parrish High School is a secondary education public school located in Parrish, Alabama and is a part of the Walker County School System.
History.
The original Parrish High School building opened in 1920 on the present site of Parrish Elementary School. The school was moved in 1935 to a site on the hill to the west of the elementary school. This site was consumed by fire in 1979 and subsequently moved to its current location just off Alabama 269. An on-campus football stadium was built some years later, named Harland-Nelson Stadium.
Athletics.
The Parrish High School football team plays its football games at Harland-Nelson Stadium. They won the AHSAA Class 1A State Championship in 2003. Their arch-rivals in all sports are considered to be the Blue Devils of Cordova High School.

</doc>
<doc id="20321794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321794" title="Yuko Nakanishi">
Yuko Nakanishi

Major achievements.
2000 Sydney Olympics 
2004 Athens Olympics 
2008 Beijing Olympics
Personal bests.
In long course

</doc>
<doc id="20321805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321805" title="Luz Robles">
Luz Robles

Luz Robles is the Senator for the Utah State Senate's 1st District (map), defeating Republican Carlton Christensen for the seat November 4, 2008 after having beaten incumbent Sen. Fred Fife for the party nomination earlier that year.
Personal life and education.
The daughter of two Mexican college professors, Robles was born and raised in Mexico, and didn't immigrate to the United States until her early 20s. After moving to the United States in 1996, Robles earned her Bachelor of Science at the University of Utah in business marketing in 2000. She also holds a Masters in Public Administration, which she earned from the University of Utah in 2005. Robles has one daughter with her husband, Jorge. Robles is a director for the Zions Bank Business Resource Center. She is a Mormon.
Political career.
Governor Jon Huntsman, Jr. appointed Robles to the State Office of Ethnic Affairs in 2005. Robles has been a diversity coordinator for the Utah Domestic Violence Council and a health policy analyst for Utah Issues. She has also been affiliated with the University of Utah's College of Social and Behavioral Science, Valley Mental Health, Regence Caring Foundation, Utah Health Policy Project, the Autism Council of Utah, and the Medical Advisory Committee and the Ethnic Health Advisory Committee for Utah's Department of Health.
Robles was first elected to the Utah State Senate in 2008, and was re-elected in 2012. She serves on the Executive Appropriations Committee, Ethics Committee, Government Operations and Political Subdivisions Committee, Health and Human Services Committee, and the Judiciary, Law Enforcement, and Criminal Justice Committee.
During the 2011 Legislative Session, Robles pioneered groundbreaking immigration reform legislation, SB60, that would issue illegal immigrants already living in Utah an "accountability card" that would give them the right to work without changing their legal status. Immigrants would have to pass a criminal background check and learn English to obtain the permit. Immigration experts have hailed Robles' immigration bill – and Robles herself – as "ground breaking" and "creative." While her SB60 did not pass, it was a model for a guest worker program that ultimately did pass the 2011 Legislature. Robles has also proposed a bill that would protect the rights of fathers against fraudulent adoption practices.
Robles is running for Congress in Utah's 2nd congressional district. The seat is currently held by Republican incumbent Chris Stewart.

</doc>
<doc id="20321808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321808" title="Fast Life (David Murray album)">
Fast Life (David Murray album)

Fast Life is an album by David Murray released on the DIW/Columbia label. It was released in 1991 and features four quartet performances by Murray with John Hicks, Ray Drummond, and Idris Muhammad and two tracks with saxophonist Branford Marsalis added.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 2 stars stating "This CD is a bit of a mixed bag. The great tenor David Murray is joined by pianist John Hicks, bassist Ray Drummond and drummer Idris Muhammad and is heard at his best on two relatively straight-ahead pieces, "Luminous" and "Off Season." But Branford Marsalis guests on two other selections, and those are much more erratic, with rambling solos by the two tenors and a lot of aimless high energy. Wrapping up this set are a calypso and the lightweight "Intuitively," making the net results less than one might hope.".

</doc>
<doc id="20321812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321812" title="Hindu Adoptions and Maintenance Act (1956)">
Hindu Adoptions and Maintenance Act (1956)

The Hindu Adoptions and Maintenance Act was enacted in India in 1956 as part of the Hindu Code Bills. The other legislations enacted during this time include the Hindu Marriage Act (1955), the Hindu Succession Act (1956), and the Hindu Minority and Guardianship Act (1956). All of these acts were put forth under the leadership of Jawaharlal Nehru, and were meant to codify and standardise the current Hindu legal tradition. The Adoptions and Maintenance Act of 1956 dealt specifically with the legal process of adopting children by a Hindu adult, as well as the legal obligations of a Hindu to provide "maintenance" to various family members including, but not limited to, their wife or wives, parents, and in-laws.
Application.
This Act applies to Hindus and all those considered under the umbrella term of Hindus, which includes:
Persons who are Muslims, Christians, Parsis or Jews are excluded from this definition.
The Act does not also apply to adoptions that took place prior to the date of enactment. However, it does apply to any marriage that has taken place before or after the Act had come into force. Moreover, if the wife is not a Hindu then the husband is not bound to provide maintenance for her under this Act under modern Hindu Law.
Adoptions.
Who can Adopt?
Under this Act only Hindus may adopt subject to their fulfilment of certain criteria. The first of these asserts that the adopter has the legal right to (under this Act that would mean they are a Hindu). Next, they have to have the capacity to be able to provide for the adopted child. Thirdly the child must be capable of being adopted. Lastly, compliance with all other specifications (as outlined below) must be met to make the adoption valid.
Men can adopt if they have the consent(s) of their wife or of all of their wives. The only way of getting around obtaining the permission of the wife or of the wives is if she or if they are unsound, if they have died, if they have completely and finally renounced the world, and if they have ceased to be a Hindu. Men who are unmarried can adopt as well as long as they are not a minor. However, if a man were to adopt a daughter, the man must be twenty one years of age or older.
Women can adopt if they have the consent of their husband. Again, the only way of getting around obtaining the permission of the husband is if he is unsound, has died, has completely and finally renounced the world, and has ceased to be a Hindu. Women who are unmarried can adopt as well as long as they are not a minor. However, if a woman were to adopt a son, the woman must be twenty one years of age or older. If the child is adopted and there are more than one wife living in the household, then the senior wife is classified as the legal mother of the adopted child.
Who can be Adopted?
The adopted child can be either male or female. The adopted child must be fall under the Hindu category. The adoptee needs also to be unmarried; however, if the particular custom or usage is applicable to the involved parties then the adoptee can be married. The child cannot be the age of sixteen or older, unless again it is custom or the usage is applicable to the involved parties. An adoption can only occur if there is not a child of the same sex of the adopted child still residing in the home. In particular, if a son were to be adopted then the adoptive father or mother must not have a legitimate or adopted son still living in the house.
Legal Implications for an Adopted Child.
From the date of the adoption, the child is under the legal guardianship of the new adopted parent(s) and thus should enjoy all the benefits from those family ties. This also means that this child, therefore, is cut off from all legal benefits (property, inheritance, etc.) from the family who had given him or her up for adoption.
Maintenance.
Maintenance of a Wife.
A Hindu wife is entitled to be provided for by her husband throughout the duration of her lifetime. Regardless of whether the marriage was formed before this Act was instated or after, the Act is still applicable. The only way the wife can null her maintenance is if she renounces being a Hindu and converts to a different religion, or if she commits adultery.
The wife is allowed to live separately from her husband and still be provided for by him. This separation can be justified through a number of different reasons, including if he has another wife living, if he has converted to a different religion other than Hinduism, if he has treated her cruelly, or even has a violent case of leprosy.
If the wife is widowed by her late husband, then it is the duty of the father-in-law to provide for her. This legal obligation only comes into effect if the widowed wife has no other means of providing for herself. If she has land of her own, or means of an income and can maintain herself then the father-in-law is free from obligation to her. Additionally, if the widow remarries then her late husband's father-in-law does is not legally bound by this Act anymore as well.
Maintenance of a Child or of Aged Parent(s).
Under this Act, a child is guaranteed maintenance from his or her parents until the child ceases to be a minor. This is in effect for both legitimate and illegitimate children who are claimed by the parent or parents. Parents or infirmed daughters, on the other hand, must be maintained so long as they are unable to maintain for themselves.
Amount of Maintenance Provided.
The amount of maintenance awarded, if any, is dependent on the discretion of the courts. Particular factors included in the decision process include the position or status of the parties, the number of persons entitled to maintenance, the reasonable wants of the claimants, if the claimant is living separately and if the claimant is justified in doing so, and the value of the claimant's estate and income. If any debts are owed by the deceased, then those are to be paid before the amount of maintenance is awarded or even considered.

</doc>
<doc id="20321847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321847" title="Mahak Hospital and Rehabilitation Complex">
Mahak Hospital and Rehabilitation Complex

Mahak Hospital and Rehabilitation Complex is a Pediatric Cancer Research and Hospital Center built and organized by Mahak charity. The 120 bedroom complex focuses on the treatment and rehabilitation of children and providing support to their families during treatment.
History.
From the beginning of Mahak’s activities, the need for creating facilities to help children with cancer became the long term goal of the organization. With the help of one of the friends of Mahak a piece of land located in Darabad heights was purchased through the Urban Land Organization. The project was left on hold however, due to lack of funding and the size of the project. At this stage a generous donor joined Mahak and provided funding to the tune of four times the original budget. That enabled Mahak to expand its plans from 2000 Sq. M. (21,000 sq. ft.) to 8000 Sq. M (86,000 sq. ft.).
The work began in year 2000 and the speed with which the building project was progressing encouraged the major sponsor to commit further funds to ensure the conclusion of the project and its further expansion to the limits set by building regulations. This increased the size of the project to twice the original plans. Finally in 2003 Mahak 's Hospital and Rehabilitation Center, was completed.
The two Rehabilitation wards in Mahak were set up and made operational with the help and co-ordination of the nursing group and social work department by August 2003.
The center is situated above the city's northeastern heights and boasts an 18000 square meters building with 120 rooms equipped to accommodate patients accompanied by one member of their families.
Facilities.
The center houses diagnostic and treatment wards of the highest standards . There are also further facilities offered such as a Clinic, a Chemotherapy laboratory, Radiotherapy section, Physiotherapy ward, Water-therapy section, Operation rooms, M.R.I and CT-Scan, Radiology, ICU, Library, Children's playroom, Restaurant, an Amphitheatre and a Shopping center.
These various parts of the complex have been furnished with the help of charitable individuals and in order to appreciate their generosity, each section has been named after the donor. By February 2007, final operational permits were granted by the Ministry of Health and the opening ceremony was held in April 2007.
Oncology and Chemotherapy clinics of the Hospital are offering daily services to children and the laboratory is routinely carrying out Biochemical, Hematological, Microbiological, And Hormonal tests. Spiral CT Scan, Digital Radiology, Sonography and MRI tests are offered using state of the art equipment and highly skilled supervision. The Radiotherapy section of the Mahak's Hospital is equipped with Liner Accelerator and Simulator.

</doc>
<doc id="20321857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321857" title="Maybach Zeppelin">
Maybach Zeppelin

The Maybach Zeppelin was the Maybach company's "Repräsentationswagen" model from 1929 to 1939. Named for the company's famous production of zeppelin engines prior to and during World War I, it was an enormous luxury vehicle which weighed approximately 6600 lb. This weight was so great that German drivers required an additional goods vehicle licence for vehicles over 2½ tons. Along with the Voisin, and behind the Daimler Double Six, this was Europe's joint second luxury V12 car in production.
DS7.
The DS7 ("Doppel Sechs 7") version featured a 7.0 L (6,971 cc) V12 engine that produced 150 horsepower at 2,800 rpm. It was available from 1929 to 1930. Work began in 1928 on a model simply called the "Maybach 12" which went on sale in 1929. In 1930 it was re-branded as the DS7 and the "Zeppelin" badge appeared on a bar between the headlamps; although adopted universally as the "Maybach Zeppelin", this was never the car's official model.
Karl Maybach's engine was a long-stroke design, with dimensions of 86×100 mm. The crankshaft had eight main bearings, one being a smaller outrigger at the rear, supporting the camshaft drive gears. In a novel feature for reduced noise, these were made of Novotext, a resin-impregnated fibre composite. A further novel feature was the use of enlarged four-bolt main bearing caps on three of the bearings.
DS8.
Supplementing the DS7 from 1930 was the DS8. It sported an 8.0 L (7977 cc, 486 cubic inches) V12 which made at a fairly low 3200 rpm, putting the DS8 among the most powerful production cars in the world at the time. Depending on the weight of the coachwork, a top speed of was possible.
In August 2012, a 1938 DS8 Roadster sold for €1.3 million at auction, fitted with a rare Variorex eight-speed gearbox with a vacuum shift and is thought to be one of only 100 built.
Revival.
When Maybach was revived as a brand by DaimlerChrysler, old Maybachs, particularly the opulent 8-litre Zeppelin, saw new popularity as part of a marketing effort which sought to link the current brand with the heritage of the original car company. This resurrecting of the classic name resulted in increased visibility and popularity of well-restored or preserved Maybachs.

</doc>
<doc id="20321872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321872" title="Bronze (color)">
Bronze (color)

At right is displayed the color bronze. "Bronze" is a metallic brown color which resembles the actual alloy bronze. 
The first recorded use of "bronze" as a color name in English was in 1753.
Variations of bronze.
Blast-off bronze.
Displayed at right is the color blast-off bronze. 
"Blast-off bronze" is one of the colors in the special set of metallic Crayola crayons called Metallic FX, the colors of which were formulated by Crayola in 2001.
This is supposed to be a metallic color, but there is no mechanism for displaying metallic colors on a flat computer screen. 
Antique bronze.
At right is displayed the color antique bronze.
The first recorded use of "antique bronze" as a color name in English was in 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="20321874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321874" title="A'Becketts Creek">
A'Becketts Creek

A'Becketts Creek is a perennial stream and a northern tributary of the Duck River and part of the Parramatta River catchment, in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Geography.
A'Becketts Creek is about long. Starting from its source, near the shopping centre at Merrylands, its upper reaches have been channelized and piped underground. It flows generally east northeast, then east, joining with Duck Creek at Clyde. to flow into the Duck River at Rosehill. In its lower reaches it is a tidal creek.
A'Becketts Creek forms part of the boundary of the suburbs of Harris Park to the north, and the suburbs of Granville and Clyde to the south.
History.
From "circa" 1860, brickmaking commenced along A'Becketts Creek, adjacent to Harris Park. The site of the former Goodlet & Smith brickworks and pit at Holroyd is now a park and residential area.
In 1943 A'Becketts Creek was the site of a famous murder, where a soldier murdered and dumped the body of a boy in the creek.

</doc>
<doc id="20321879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321879" title="Ice (Lights song)">
Ice (Lights song)

"Ice" is the second single from Canadian singer-songwriter Lights from her debut album "The Listening". It was released on October 12, 2009, in Canada. A different version of the song was also included on her debut self-titled EP.
Background.
"Ice" is driven by a New wave synth line and includes a keyboard solo.
Music videos.
First version.
The beginning portion of the video was done by Lights herself. She worked on all the props herself at her house for a week. The monsters are played by Maurie Kaufmann and Adam Weaver, her two live musicians.
The video for "Ice" consists mostly of two scenes. The first features a 2D cutout figured of Lights and two monsters. It shows Lights walking along a street texting her boyfriend sad faces and sorry notes. The monsters, one purple and one yellow, jump out of several cardboard boxes and begin chasing Lights who flees to her house. Her house is actually a mini-replica of the room shown in "February Air" and "Drive My Soul". The cutouts are all operated by Lights herself.
Lights is then seen with new confidence and she comes out to face the monsters, resulting in her fighting and knocking them down. This part of the video gradually transitions to show only scenes of Lights in person with two life sized monsters, imitating the cutouts. She defeats both of the monsters and exits the scene texting again.
Second version.
"Ice" has a revamped version of the music video. Instead of the monster, she fights an evil version of herself.
The music video starts off with Lights playing a keytar in her apartment. During this, a darker reflection of herself appears in her window. The reflection uses magic to move a stool, causing Lights to trip and fall into her bed. The evil Lights, more commonly known as Darks by her fans, then enters her counterpart's apartment, and Lights hoists herself out of the garbage can to face her. Darks begins to trash the apartment, destroying the keytar. Lights fights back in a similar manner. This is followed by bursts of magic in orange and blue. Darks destroys her vase and her keytar, but then proceeds to lift her fish bowl containing a goldfish up. Darks has really crossed the line and Lights shoots orange magic, causing the bowl to float. Darks, with the blue bursts, abruptly vanishes, leaving Lights momentarily confused. Then she reappears, and the ensuing battle sees an exchange of punches, pushes, and kicks. When Lights releases a burst of orange magic, Darks is sealed back into her own apartment. The video ends with Lights surveying her apartment, in which it is unclear whether it is Darks or Lights.
At first the music video for "Ice" was only available to Canadians, it was said later it would be released to the rest of the public the next day, but was released on Lights's Myspace later that night. That same day, "Ice" was available for purchase on the Canadian iTunes.
A poster featuring the cover of Lights' debut album, "The Listening" with lips on the painting of Lights can be seen in her apartment.

</doc>
<doc id="20321884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321884" title="2004 Maryland Terrapins football team">
2004 Maryland Terrapins football team

The 2004 Maryland Terrapins football team represented the University of Maryland in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) college football season. It was the Terrapins' 52nd season as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC). Ralph Friedgen led the team for his fourth season as head coach. It proved to be his first as a head coach without a postseason bowl game appearance.
Team Players in the NFL.
The following players were selected in the 2005 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20321926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321926" title="2003 Maryland Terrapins football team">
2003 Maryland Terrapins football team

The 2003 Maryland Terrapins football team represented the University of Maryland in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) college football season. It was the Terrapins' 51st season as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC). Ralph Friedgen led the team for his third season as head coach, while Charlie Taaffe served as the third-year offensive coordinator and Gary Blackney as the third-year defensive coordinator. Maryland finished the season with a 10–3 record. The Terrapins received an invitation to the Gator Bowl, where they defeated West Virginia, 41–7, in what was a rematch of a regular season game.
Team players in the NFL.
The following players were selected in the 2004 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20321943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321943" title="Duck Creek (Clyde, New South Wales)">
Duck Creek (Clyde, New South Wales)

Duck Creek is a perennial stream and a southern tributary of A'Becketts Creek and part of the Parramatta River catchment, in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Geography.
Sections of its upper reaches in Guildford and Merrylands have been channelized and piped underground as it passes under roads, playing fields and through housing development. It then flows through the suburbs of Granville and Clyde where it joins with A'Becketts Creek. In its lower reaches it is a tidal creek.

</doc>
<doc id="20321946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321946" title="Helmick">
Helmick

Helmick is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20321966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321966" title="List of operas by Handel">
List of operas by Handel

George Frideric Handel's operas comprise 42 musical dramas that were written between 1705 and 1741 in various genres. He began composing operas in Germany and then for a brief time in Italy to modest success. It wasn't until he came to England that he truly found great success in the genre. His first opera in England, "Rinaldo" (1711), was met with enthusiasm, and several more Italian operas soon followed. However, Handel's place as the central figure of opera in England during the eighteenth century was not solidified until, under the influence of Thomas Arne, he began composing large-scale works with English language texts. Though almost all of his English language works are technically oratorios and not operas, several of them, such as "Semele" (1743), have become an important part of the opera repertoire.
During the 36 years in which Italian opera was his principal concern, Handel adhered closely to the typical form of the era, determined by the precedence given to solo singing and to stage presentation in which set changes were made in front of the audience and the curtain not lowered until the work's conclusion. Recitatives preceded solo arias, usually in da capo form (though frequently with an abridged return to the chief section), dominate the operas, and scenes are normally devised to start with several characters on stage, each of whom sings an aria and then exits. The last scene typically concludes with a coro sung by the soloists; ensembles are otherwise atypical and mainly limited to scenes of communal celebration; only "Dall’orror" in Act 3 of "Alcina" (1735) reaches the depth of the choruses in the English choral works. Handel’s operas therefore seem to be highly similar to those of his contemporaries; what makes them unique is the brilliance of the music which skillfully conveys with instant fervor the emotional states of the characters within the context of the drama.
Overview.
Handel's earlier operas tended to be of a lighter nature, although there are intermittent moments, such as the prison scene from "Almira" (1705), which are highly dramatic. Handel's music for his first operas in England was often derived from musical ideas and idioms found in his cantatas and other works written during his time spent in Italy (1706–09). For example, the characteristic harmonic structure of "Agrippina" (1709) is obviously a retention of material from this Italian period. In general, the orchestrations of Handel's earlier operas tended to be richer and smoother than in his later works, utilizing additional instruments like bassoons to achieve different tone colours. The music for "Rinaldo" (1711) notably utilizes four trumpets, an instrumental choice that Handel never repeated elsewhere.
Beginning with "Ottone" (1722), Handel composed numerous operas for the Royal Academy of Music during the 1720s. With the exception of "Flavio" (1723), the operas from this period are more serious in tone and the musical expression is more astutely aligned to the opera's drama than in his earlier operas. Of particular importance from this period is "Giulio Cesare" (1724), which contains one of Handel's most expansive and emotively powerful scores. The sumptuous music and deft characterizations found in this work has made it one of the more frequently revived Handel operas during the 20th and 21st centuries. Also of note are "Tamerlano" (1724) and "Rodelinda" (1725) which have particularly striking leading tenor roles that Handel wrote specifically for Francesco Borosini. The later operas that Handel wrote for the Academy were not as successful as his earlier ones. The two major sopranos at the Academy, Francesca Cuzzoni and Faustina Bordoni, were intensely competitive, and Handel had to cater to them both equally in these latter Academy operas. With the exception of "Admeto" (1727), the attempt at balancing two leading soprano roles within an individual opera proved to hinder the work both musically and dramatically.
During the 1730s, Handel returned to writing operas of a comic and fantastic or heroic nature, largely because he no longer had to cater to the tastes of the Academy when choosing librettos. These works, such as "Partenope" (1730), "Orlando" (1733) and "Alcina" (1735), were influenced by the operas of Leonardo Vinci and Leonardo Leo and are written in a pre-classical manner. During this period, Handel began to more frequently utilize the "scena" in his works, and by the mid-1730s he was writing some of his most dramatically moving arias, such as the mad scene of "Orlando" and the end of Act 2 of "Alcina". The size of the orchestras for these works was also larger, with Handel typically employing 12 violins, 8 violas, 6 cellos, 4 double basses, and two harpsichords in addition to four bassoons and a number of other wind instruments. In operas like "Oreste" (1734), Handel attempted to synthesize Italian opera with French opera in the sequences of dances and choruses, but made no further experimentation in this area outside of the operas of 1734 and 1735. Two of the operas from this period, "Ariodante" (1735) and "Atalanta" (1736), were a departure from the traditionally heroic librettos used by Handel, adopting a more realistic romantic intimacy.
By the late 1730s, Handel's attention was increasingly diverted away from composing operas and was much more focused on the English oratorio. A number of his operas from 1737 on lack the brilliance of his earlier works, most likely due to this shift in focus. Nevertheless, his operas "Giustino" (1737) and "Serse" (1738) contain some very fine music. "Serse" is also notable for successfully mixing comedy and poignant tragedy into a masterfully crafted plot, a development repeated less successfully in "Imeneo" (1740). Handel's last Italian opera, "Deidamia", was produced in 1741 and was not received very well as England's taste for Italian opera had waned. Handel returned one more time to theatre music for the semi-opera "Alceste" in 1750.
List of works.
The following is a complete list of Handel's operatic works. All are opera seria in three acts, unless otherwise stated.

</doc>
<doc id="20321989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321989" title="Karen Morgan">
Karen Morgan

Karen W. Morgan is a Democratic member of the Utah Senate, representing the 8th District (map) since 2009. She previously served as a member of the Utah House of Representatives from District 46 from 1998 through 2008. In 2011 she founded the "Best Schools Coalition," which strives to make Utah's public education system the best in the nation. Senator Morgan currently serves as Minority Whip in the Utah State Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="20321990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321990" title="Poštulka">
Poštulka

Poštulka is a Czech surname that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20321992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20321992" title="Frederick Leith-Ross">
Frederick Leith-Ross

Sir Frederick William Leith-Ross (1887–1968) was chief economic adviser to the UK government from 1932 to 1945.
Biography.
Leith-Ross was born in Mauritius, but grew up with his grandfather at the family estate, Arnage Castle in Scotland. His father, Frederick William Arbuthnot Leith-Ross, was a banker while his Dutch mother was the daughter of a prominent politician. He was the brother of the artist Harry Leith-Ross (1886–1973). After graduating with a double first from Balliol College, Oxford, he joined the Treasury in 1909.
Leith-Ross was appointed as a Private Secretary to H. H. Asquith, the prime minister, in 1911. Between 1932 and 1945 he was chief economic advisor to the UK government: he is known for advancing the economic theory of "Treasury View", popular in the 1930s. Leith-Ross was active in negotiations with Germany prior to the Second World War but is best remembered for the "Leith-Ross mission" to China in 1935, when he was the UK's chief representative in a mission to persuade China to reform its currency. He was also chairman of a bank in China and chairman of P&O.
In 1912 he married Prudence Staples. Their children include the author Prudence Leith-Ross. His 1968 autobiography is entitled "Money Talks: Fifty years of international finance". 

</doc>
<doc id="20322021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322021" title="2008–09 Texas A&amp;M Aggies women's basketball team">
2008–09 Texas A&amp;M Aggies women's basketball team

The 2008–09 Texas A&M Aggies women's basketball team represented Texas A&M University in NCAA Division I women's college basketball.
Preseason outlook.
The team placed 10th and 11th in the preseason Coaches Poll and AP Poll, respectively. The Big 12 coaches picked the squad to finish 5th in the conference, behind first-place favorite Oklahoma, followed by Texas, Iowa State, and Baylor. Athlon Sports ranked the Aggies 4th in their preseason poll, while Lindy's poll placed them 11th. A "Sports Illustrated" writer also ranked the team 11th in her power rankings.
Recruiting.
During the early signing period in November 2008, the Aggies signed Diamond Ashmore, Adrienne Pratcher, Kristi Bellock, and Cierra Windham. As of 20 November 2008, ESPN Hoopgurlz ranks the recruiting class 7th nationally.
Players.
Preseason honors.
The Big 12 coaches selected Tanisha Smith as the Preseason Newcomer of the Year, and Tyra White as the Preseason co-Freshman of the Year. Takia Starks also made the preseason all-Big 12 team, and Danielle Gant received honorable mention.
"Sporting News" included Starks in its preseason All-American first-team. Starks became the first player in school history to be named a preseason first-team All-American. She also made the 25-member Wade Trophy preseason watch list. In addition, she is also one of the 30 John R. Wooden Award candidates.
In October 2008, Gant received the Academic Momentum Award, presented by The Scholar-Baller Program, a partner of National Consortium for Academics and Sports. The award is given to student-athletes who have "demonstrated significant academic improvement throughout their collegiate careers".
Season accolades.
Tyra White received the Big 12 Freshman of the Week honor for the week of 14–16 November. Adaora Elonu received the same honor for the week of 17–23 November, and Sydney Carter got the co-honor for the week of 24–30 November. Elonu picked up her second honor for the week of 1 December–7, and got another co-honor for the week of 15–21 December. Takia Starks received her first honor for the week of 22 December – 4 January. Danielle Gant got her first for the week of 5–11 January. After posting 11 points in a career-high 31 minutes of play against Oklahoma, and a game-high and career-high of 17 points at Kansas State, Sydney Carter grabbed the weekly honor for the week of 23 February – 1 March.
Upon defeating New Mexico 83–51, the Aggies set a school record for the largest margin of victory in a home game over a ranked opponent. The previous record was 19, which was compiled in the 2007–08 home matchup against Baylor.
Two players—Damitria Buchanan and Katrina Limbaha—made the 2008–09 Academic All-Big 12 women's basketball team. Both made the first team as they had a GPA greater than 3.20.
Starks became the all-time leading scorer of A&M after posting 19 points in the first round of the NCAA tournament.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular season
!colspan=9| Big 12 Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="20322063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322063" title="Death of a Sideman">
Death of a Sideman

Death of a Sideman is an album by David Murray which was released on the Japanese DIW label. It was released in 1992 and features performances by Murray, Bobby Bradford, Dave Burrell, Fred Hopkins and Ed Blackwell.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "Death of a Sideman is one of the stronger efforts in Murray's mature catalog, thanks in no small part to the presence and guiding hand of Bobby Bradford. Recommended.".

</doc>
<doc id="20322081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322081" title="Northgate, Malaysia">
Northgate, Malaysia

Located at the international border crossing of Betong-Pengkalan Hulu, Northgate 
is the first mixed commercial and industrial development fully initiated by the private sector along the Indonesia-Malaysia-Thailand (IMT-GT) Growth Triangle.
The development which will transform an abandoned rubber estate of into an exciting trading, commercial, manufacturing and tourist attraction is being developed by Northgate Consortium which consists of Puri Utama Development Sdn Bhd, Puri Ventures Sdn Bhd, Puri Realty Sdn Bhd, Banjaran Maju Sdn Bhd, IOP Global DotCom Sdn Bhd and Monteron Development Sdn Bhd.
Location.
Northgate is strategically situated at Pengkalan Hulu, within the Hulu Perak district, Perak, Malaysia, which is also Perak state’s only Malaysia-Thailand border town. It is uniquely sited adjoining to the Malaysian Custom, Immigration and Quarantine (CIQ) checkpoint and the main road crossing between Malaysia and Thailand that connects directly to the Thailand’s southernmost town of Betong and with the Thai immigration and custom checkpoint only approximately 200m away.
Neighbouring towns to the development are Baling (18 km) and Kelian Intan (18 km) and Gerik (50 km) at Malaysian side and Betong (7 km), Thailand. Prominent cities within close range to Northgate includes Sungai Petani (80 km), Penang Island (115 km), Butterworth (100 km) and Ipoh (190 km). Betong, which is synonym with its natural charms, friendly faces and excellent Thai cuisines has always been a choice of travelling for many tourists among local Malaysian and Thai southerners.
Integrated Development Project.
Northgate Development is also part of the Northern Corridor Economic Region, a new economic development corridor, a Government initiative to accelerate economic growth and elevate income levels in the north of Peninsular Malaysia - encompassing the states of Perlis, Kedah, Pulau Pinang and the north of Perak.
Besides, Northgate is also Perak State premier project under the Perak State Development Corridor. This North East Corridor which covers the area surrounding Gerik, Lenggong, Belum Forest Reserved and Pengkalan Hulu will focus its development on agriculture, eco-tourism and research.
Therefore, Northgate is an integrated development project covering five zones of industry - industrial, commercial and bazaar, hotels and resorts, commerce and trade and agriculture. An application had also been made to the Federal Government for NorthGate to enjoy passport-free and duty-free status 
to further spur the economic activities. 
Having sited at the Malaysia-Thailand border, Northgate not only designed for Malaysian, it is also a project where all Thais can participate and which will strengthen relationship among Thais and Malaysian. The development is targeted to be fully completed in 2015 and it will be an ideal place to visit whenever visitors enter or exit Malaysia. and it will be an ideal place to visit when enters Malaysia.
Concepts.
Geared with the local natural beauty and spices from Thai, Northgate will no doubt enjoy best of both worlds as a tourist centric development meant for short breakaways for affordable entertainment, leisure and shopping destination for surrounding cities such as Penang, Sungai Petani, Kuala Kangsar, Taiping, Ipoh or even Kuala Lumpur and Singaporean. The location is indeed much closer as compare to other Malaysia-Thailand border towns such as Bukit Kayu Hitam and Padang Besar. Its unique position will also tap into the huge market of the southern Thai who uses this exit as their primary gateway to Malaysia.
This city will be planned with a concept of daytime trading, manufacturing and retail business and night time entertainment and leisure. Planned as a duty free and passport free area, this development will no doubt be an addition to the tourist spot within Hulu Perak district. An international bus terminal is also planned for Northgate to allow express buses from Malaysia and Thailand to transit its passengers to both sides of the countries.
Northgate Now.
The work on the first of five key phases has already commenced since July 2008. The first phase, involving the development of a bazaar for retailers, restaurants and a duty free complex, known as Northgate Arena is scheduled to be completed early of year 2011. The Arena, will soon comprise diverse business establishments including restaurants, 18 lanes bowling centre, retail stores in addition to a duty free complex and a mid-size supermarket. 
Its commercial phase which comprises shops and shop offices was officially launched by Y.A.B. Dato' Seri Dr. Zambry Bin Abdul Kadir, Menteri Besar Perak Darul Ridzuan, Malaysia on 7 October 2010. Upon its completion, this commerce and trade zone will see a pedestrian friendly walkways and beautifully streetscaped business hub with buzzing activities. It will also feature an array of goods and services from Malaysia and Thailand including food and beverages, handicraft, spa and health club facilities designed to cater to both local and foreign market.
We persevere to turn Northgate Pengkalan Hulu into Malaysia's top border town and becoming a catalyst for exciting development at all Malaysian-Thai border towns.

</doc>
<doc id="20322094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322094" title="Ratu (disambiguation)">
Ratu (disambiguation)

Ratu usually refers to a title used by Fijians of chiefly rank, and also to Javanese word to refer the leaders, especially kings or nobles.
Ratu is also a word from Indonesian language which means "queen".
Ratu may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20322098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322098" title="The Thorns of Life">
The Thorns of Life

The Thorns of Life were a punk rock band from Brooklyn, New York. In October 2008, Blake Schwarzenbach, formerly of Jets to Brazil and Jawbreaker, revealed that he had started writing music for a then "as-yet-unnamed group" with drummer Aaron Cometbus (formerly of Crimpshrine and Pinhead Gunpowder, among other bands) and bassist Daniela Sea, formerly of the Gr'ups (as "Danyella Dislexica") and Cypher in the Snow, but best known for her recurring role on television's "The L Word". 
As of November 2008, the group had played a couple of shows in Brooklyn, New York, with videos and reviews available online. In January 2009, they played a string of shows across California including dates in San Diego, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Oakland, Santa Rosa, Berkeley (selling out 924 Gilman Street), and ending with a final date on February 1, 2009, in Santa Cruz.
Regarding the band, Schwarzenbach has been quoted as saying:
In August 2009, Blake Schwarzenbach announced that The Thorns of Life had broken up and that he had started a new band named Forgetters.
Although the band never released any studio recordings, the various bootlegs of their live performances indicate that they wrote a total of twelve songs during their formation: "My First Time," "Available," "I Hate New York," "Kryptonite," "Subway," "Vivid Green," "We Build Al Qaeda in Washington," "From a Tower," "Black Art," "Not a Track Bike," "O Deadly Death," and "Ribbonhead." The last four songs listed were carried over by Schwarzenbach to Forgetters's setlist; "O Deadly Death" and "Ribbonhead" also appear on the band's debut album.
Despite the band being very short-lived, The Thorns of Life signified Schwarzenbach's return to punk rock since the break up of Jawbreaker in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20322100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322100" title="Escanaba and Lake Superior Railway">
Escanaba and Lake Superior Railway

Escanaba and Lake Superior Railway may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20322117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322117" title="Kavana Sarma">
Kavana Sarma

Kandula Varaha Narasimha Sarma, who became famous as Kavana Sarma was born on 23rd Sept 1939. By profession he is a Professor of Civil Engineering, who specialises in water resources. He is now retired from the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore. He is an advisor to Rachana Masa Patrika.
In his essay, "Political and Social Reality in Telugu Fiction", Prof. V. V. S. Sarma says "Kavana Sarma probably is the only Telugu fiction writer who wrote satirical stories concerning Ph.D. dissertations, brain drain, scientific conferences, science academies etc."
In an interview to "The Hindu", Metroplus, Visakhapatnam, Kavana Sarma said that he started writing at the age of 14, and that he is an 'eternally curious person'.
Writings.
On Oct 16th 2007 "The Hindu" listed "Science Nadachina Baata" (The Path that Science Walked) by Kavana Sarma in its list of New Arrivals.
Kavana Sarma's "Sangha Puranam" (The Story of Organizations), later published as "Vyangya Kavanalu" is classed under Telugu satire.(Sahitya Akademi's "Encyclopedia of Indian Literature")
Sarojini Premachand writes "In his story "Spruha", Kavana Sarma skillfully depicts how young boys and girls are conditioned mainly by mothers using very subtle methods to conform to gender, class and caste boundaries prevailing in society. This story, told from a school boy's angle, is good material to include in children's literature."
The editorial of the Aug 2007 issue of "Literary Voices of India" says "In 'Ame Illu', (Her Home) Kavana Sarma explores the concept of what constitutes a home through the eyes of a middle aged housewife who shocks her family and friends by deciding to take up a job and move into a cramped rented accommodation. Why? Because her husband made it clear that the home she thought was theirs was his alone and she lived there on his terms. Sarma's narration is matter-of-fact, free of rancor or melodrama, portraying the heroine as a good natured, practical woman seeking personal independence rather than an activist fighting for a social cause. 'Literary Voices of India' were commended by the writer Sri Sarma for this translation." 
The editorial of the March 2008 issue of "Literary Voices of India" says "Divorce (Vidaakulu) by Kavana Sarma is the story of a young woman seeking to divorce her husband in the face of tremendous family and societal disapproval. Her grounds for divorce are considered frivolous and selfish. Non-Indian readers will find the ritual of a one-sided speed dating, where the boy has all the power to "choose" a bride from the many young women presented for his approval by eager parents, amusing and horrifying, while Indian readers might find it par for the course. The conflict between personal goals and the outdated, gender based expectations experienced by many young women is not a new theme. But the context of the Y2K flood of software engineers in the USA who import highly qualified brides from India to perform domestic drudgery while holding down well-paying jobs, gives it a contemporary twist. An original translation by Literary Voices of India".
External links.
Technical

</doc>
<doc id="20322120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322120" title="Lineal">
Lineal

Lineal is a geometric term of location which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20322148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322148" title="Puštal">
Puštal

Puštal (; ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sora River in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It is connected to the town of Škofja Loka by a road bridge and a well-known wooden footbridge called the Devil's Footbridge ().
Name.
Puštal was first attested in written sources in 1214–20 as "Purchstallo" and "Purchstal" (and as "Burchstal" in 1291 and 1318, "Bůrchstal" in 1360, and "Purgstal" in 1501). The original Slovene form of the name, "*Purštal", was borrowed from the Middle High German name of the settlement and is derived from the Middle High German common noun "burcstal" 'fortified settlement'. In the past the German name was "Burgstall".
Mass grave.
Puštal is the site of a mass grave associated with the Second World War. The Žovšče Mass Grave (), also known as the Žolšče Mass Grave (), is located in the Žovšče Commons, on the northeast slope of Dešna Hill, between Puštal and Bodovlje. It contains the remains of about 10 Slovene civilians that were murdered and buried at two locations about 12.5 m apart.
Church.
The local church is dedicated to the Holy Cross and stands on a small hill dominating the settlement. This gives it its local name of "Cerkev na Hribcu" ('church on the little hill'). There are twelve small chapel-shrines representing the Stations of the Cross alongside the path up to the church.
Cultural heritage.
Another point of interest in Puštal is a 500-year-old wooden house known as Nace's House (), in which a small museum collection has been assembled.
A Renaissance mansion known as Puštal Castle, now housing the Škofja Loka Music School, was originally built circa 1220 and has a rounded corner tower and an arcaded courtyard. On the wall of the castle chapel is a fresco by Giulio Quaglio the Younger, the "Descent from the Cross", dating to 1706.

</doc>
<doc id="20322191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322191" title="Hungry ghosts in Chinese religion">
Hungry ghosts in Chinese religion

The term ', literally "hungry ghost'"", is the Chinese translation of the term "preta" in Buddhism.
"Hungry ghosts" play a role in Chinese Buddhism and Taoism as well as in Chinese folk religion.
The term is not to be confused with the generic term for "ghost", "" (i.e. the spirit of a deceased ancestor). The understanding is that all people become such a regular ghost when they die, and would then slowly weaken and eventually die a second time. 
Hungry ghosts, by contrast, are a much more exceptional case, and would only occur in very unfortunate circumstances, such as if a whole family were killed or when a family no longer venerated their ancestors. 
With the rise in popularity of Buddhism the idea that souls would live in space until reincarnation became popular. In the Taoist tradition it is believed that hungry ghosts can arise from people whose deaths have been violent or unhappy. Both Buddhism and Taoism share the idea that hungry ghosts can emerge from neglect or desertion of ancestors. According to the Hua-yen Sutra evil deeds will cause a soul to be reborn in one of six different realms. The highest degree of evil deed will cause a soul to be reborn as a denizen of hell, a lower degree of evil will cause a soul to be reborn as an animal, and the lowest degree will cause a soul to be reborn as a hungry ghost. According to the tradition, evil deeds that lead to becoming a hungry ghost are killing, stealing and sexual misconduct. Desire, greed, anger and ignorance are all factors in causing a soul to be reborn as a hungry ghost because they are motives for people to perform evil deeds.
Stories of origin.
There are many stories of the origin of hungry ghosts. In the Buddhist tradition there are stories from "Chuan-chi po-yuan ching" ("Sutra of One Hundred Selected Legends") that is from the early third century. Some examples of these stories are as follows:
One story is of a rich man who traveled selling sugar-cane juice. One day a monk came to his house looking for some juice to cure an illness. The man had to leave, so he instructed his wife to give the monk the drink in his absence. Instead of doing this, she secretly urinated in the monk's bowl, added sugar cane juice to it and gave it to the monk. The monk was not deceived, he poured out the bowl and left. When the wife died she was reborn as a hungry ghost.
Another such tale is of a man who was giving and kind. One day he was about to leave his house when a monk came by begging. The man instructed his wife to give the monk some food. After the man left his house his wife was overcome with greed. She took it upon herself to teach the monk a lesson, so she locked the monk in an empty room all day with no food. She was reborn as a hungry ghost for innumerable life times.
Most times the legends speak of hungry ghosts who in a previous lifetime were greedy women who refused to give away food. Other stories in the Buddhist tradition come from "Kuei wen mu-lien ching" ("The Sutra on the Ghosts Questioning Mu-lien"). One of the stories tells of a man who was a diviner who constantly misled people due to his own avarice and is now a hungry ghost. There is another story in "The Legend of Mu-lien Entering the City and Seeing Five Hundred Hungry Ghosts". The story is about five hundred men that were sons of elders of the city they lived in. When monks came begging to the city for food, the sons denied them because they thought the monks would keep coming back and eventually take all their food. After the sons died they were reborn as hungry ghosts.
Celebrations and practices.
The Hungry Ghost Festival is celebrated during the 7th month of the Chinese calendar. It also falls at the same time as a full moon, the new season, the fall harvest, the peak of monastic ascerticism, the rebirth of ancestors, and the assembly of the local community. According to tradition, during this month, the gates of hell are opened up and the hungry ghosts are free to roam the earth where they seek food and entertainment. These ghosts are believed to be ancestors of those who have forgotten to pay tribute to them after they died. They have long thin necks because they have not been fed by their families. Tradition states that families should offer prayers to their deceased relatives and burn "hell money". It is believed that "hell money" is a valid currency in the underworld and helps ghosts to live comfortably in the afterlife. People also burn other forms of joss paper such as paper houses, cars and televisions to please the ghosts.
Families also pay tribute to other unknown wandering ghosts so that these homeless souls do not intrude on their lives and bring misfortune. A big feast is held for the ghosts on the 15th day of the 7th month, where people bring samples of food and place them on the offering table to please the ghosts and ward off bad luck. Live shows are also put on and everyone is invited to attend. The first row of seats is always empty as this is where the ghosts are supposed to sit to better enjoy the live entertainment. The shows are always put on at night and at high volumes, so that the sound attracts and pleases the ghosts. These acts were better known as "Merry-making".
The chief Taoist priest of the town wears an ornate crown of five gold and red panels, a practice borrowed from Buddhism. This represented the five most powerful deities (The Jade Emperor, Guan Yu, Tu Di Gong, Mazu and Xi Wangmu). He is believed to become their voice on earth.
A sacrificial altar and a chair are built for a priest either at a street entrance or in front of the village. The Bodhisattva Ksitigarbha sits in front of the chair. Under the chair are plates of rice flour and peaches. Sitting on the altar are three spirit tablets and three funeral banners. After noon, sheep, pigs, chicken, fruits, and cakes are donated by families that are displayed on the altar. A priest will put a triangular paper banner of three colors with special characters on every sacrifice. After the music begins to play, the priest hits the bell to call the hungry ghosts back to the table. He then throws the rice and peaches into the air in all directions to distribute them to the ghosts.
During the evening, incense is burnt in front of the doors of households. Incense stands for prosperity, the more incense burnt, the greater one's prosperity. During the festival, shops are closed to leave the streets open for the ghosts. In the middle of each street stands an altar of incense with fresh fruit and sacrifices displayed on it. Behind the altar, monks will sing songs that it is believed only the ghosts can understand. This rite is called "shi ge'r", meaning "singing ghost songs".
Fifteen days after the feast, to make sure all the hungry ghosts find their way back to hell, people float lanterns on water and set them outside their houses. These lanterns are made by setting a lotus flower-shaped lantern on a piece of board. Hungry ghosts are believed to have found their way back when the lanterns go out.
Types of spirits.
It is believed that the soul contains elements of both yin and yang. The yin is the "kui", or demon part, and the yang is the "shen", or spirit part. When death occurs, the "kui" should return to earth, and the "shen" to the grave or family shrine. If a ghost is neglected, it will become a "kui". The "shen", or ancestral spirit watches over its descendants, and can bring good fortune if properly worshipped. 
Hungry ghosts are different from the ghosts of Chinese traditions, which all people are believed to become after death. According to the Buddha Dharma, there are three main groups of hungry ghosts: those with no wealth, those with a little and those with a lot. Those with wealth are broken into three groups: the torch or flaming mouths, in which food and drink become flames; the needle mouths, whose throats are so tiny that food cannot pass through; and the vile mouths, whose mouths are so decomposed and smelly that they cannot ingest anything. The ghosts with a little wealth are able to eat small amounts. The ghosts with great wealth also have three subgroups: the ghosts of sacrifices, who live off sacrifices offered by humans and are similar to spirits described in China; the ghosts of losses, who live off lost objects from the human world; and the ghosts of great powers, like "yakshas" and "rakshasas", who are the powerful rulers of ghosts. The ghosts of sacrifices and losses sometimes suffer from hunger and thirst, whereas the ghosts of great powers have pleasures close to those of divine beings. Among hungry ghosts, however, most have little or no wealth and are extremely hungry.
Sixteen hungry ghosts are said to live in hell or in a region of hell. Unlike other hell dwellers, they can leave hell and wander. They look through garbage and human waste on the outskirts of human cities. They are said to be invisible during the daylight hours but visible at night. Some hungry ghosts can only eat corpses, or their food is burnt up in their mouths, sometimes they have a big belly and a neck as thin as a needle (this image is the basic one for hungry ghosts in Asian Buddhism).
Superstitions.
There are many superstitions and taboos surrounding the Hungry Ghost Festival. Spirits are thought to be dangerous, and can take many forms, including snakes, moths, birds, foxes, wolves, and tigers. Some can even use the guise of a beautiful man or woman to seduce and possess. One story refers to a ghost which takes the form of a pretty girl and seduces a young man until a priest intervenes and sends the spirit back to hell. It is believed that possession can cause illness and/or mental disorders. 
During the 7th month of the Chinese calendar children are advised (usually by an elder in the family) to be home before dark, and not to wander the streets at night for fear a ghost might possess them. Swimming is thought to be dangerous as well, as spirits are believed to have drowned people. People will generally avoid driving at night, for fear of a "collision", or spiritual offence, which is any event leading to illness or misfortune. While "ghost" is a commonly used term throughout the year, many people use the phrase "backdoor god" or "good brother" instead during the 7th month, so as not to anger the ghosts. Another thing to avoid is sampling any of the food placed on the offering table, as doing this can result in "mysterious illness". Any person attending a show at indoor entertainment venues ("Getais") will notice the first row of chairs is left empty. These seats are reserved for the spirits, and it is considered bad form to sit in them. After an offering has been burnt for the spirits, stepping on or near the burnt area should be avoided, as it is considered an "opening" to the spirit world and touching it may cause the person to be possessed.

</doc>
<doc id="20322210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322210" title="Kavana">
Kavana

Kavana may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20322239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322239" title="Linea (disambiguation)">
Linea (disambiguation)

A linea is any long marking, dark or bright, on a planet or moon's surface. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20322291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322291" title="Kuomintang chairmanship election, 2007">
Kuomintang chairmanship election, 2007

The Chinese Kuomintang chairmanship election of 2007 (2007年中國國民黨主席補選) was held on April 7, 2007 in the Republic of China (Taiwan) between Wu Poh-hsiung and Hung Hsiu-chiu. This was the second direct election of the chairman in the Kuomintang history. All registered, due-paying KMT party members were eligible to vote. The first such direct election had occurred in 2005.
The election was triggered by the resignation of chairman Ma Ying-jeou after he was indicted for allegedly misusing mayoral funds. The Supreme Court eventually cleared Ma of all corruption charges.
References.
Taiwan KMT gets new chairman

</doc>
<doc id="20322343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322343" title="Armenians in Belgium">
Armenians in Belgium

Armenian-Belgians are citizens of Belgium of Armenian ancestry. The exact number of Armenians in the country is unknown, but is unofficially estimated to be about 11,000.
The earliest records of what is known as Belgium today go as far back as the 4th century, when Armenian priests, merchants and intellectuals dropped anchor in Belgian ports including a certain Saint Servais, an Armenian bishop who visited town of Tongres, east of Brussels. Belgian hagiographers such as Macaire mention Armenian preachers in Gand in the year 1011.
But the meaningful Armenian presence started with Armenian merchants appearing starting first half of the 14th century mainly related to the trade of carpets in Bruges. By 1478 Armenians had established a hospice. Also in Bruges, Armenian merchants also started importing cotton goods, spices, perfumes and other materials from the Orient and exporting European goods to markets in the East. Their presence continued well into the 15th century.
While the Armenian presence in Belgium was not broken throughout the centuries, the size of the community did not start growing considerably until the end of the First World War and the forced mass exodus of Armenians from Turkey following the 1915 Armenian Genocide.
Armenians were known for their trades in carpets and rugs, tobacco and jewelry.
In the tobacco sector, original Armenian brands like Davros, Arax, Marouf and Enfi were the only cigarette brands made in Belgium. Behind each of these names were Armenian families, mostly immigrants from Turkey, who had settled in Belgium at the turn of the 20th century. The Missirian, Tchamkertian, Matossian and the Enfiadjian families held a monopoly over the tobacco industry in the country. As more refugees poured into Belgium from Turkey after 1915, these families became the major employers.
Another sector the Armenians of Belgium excelled in was trade of diamonds. A member of the Barsamian family was the President of the prestigious Diamond Club of Belgium in 1920 at a time when Tcherkezian, Ipekjian and Hampartsoumian families were top names in the business.
Following in their footsteps are businesses by the Artinian, Oskanian and Arslanian families along with around 50 smaller dealers, experts and traders who have continued heir "substantial niche" in Antwerp’s One Square Mile Diamond District.
Today the "Committee of Belgian Armenians" that started in the late 1920s is very active. It is also officially recognized by the Belgian government, and tries to represent about 10,000 Armenians living in the country. They include the first generation refugees from Turkey, large groups that came from Iran in 1970, from Lebanon and Syria and recently from Armenia. A 1,500-strong contingent repatriated from two Kurdish villages in eastern Turkey.
An Armenian church, "Eglise Armenienne Apostolique Sainte Marie-Madeleine" is the main church of the Armenian Apostolic Orthodox community. It is related to the Mother See of Holy Etchmiadzin of Armenian Apostolic Church. The church structure was erected and consecrated in May 1990 through the generosity of benefactors Mr. and Mrs. Khachig and Madeline Khatchigov. There is also a smaller Armenian Catholic community belonging to the Armenian Catholic Church and some Armenian Evangelicals.
There is also the Armenian "Centre sociale" for community gatherings was established in the early 1980s and has played an indispensable role in organizing public life for the Armenians.
Armenian-Belgian relations have been quite friendly since Armenia's independence in 1991, especially in trade. Armenia currently has an embassy in Brussels as well as missions to the European Union and NATO. Belgium is also one of the countries to have recognized the Armenian Genocide which continues to be denied by Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="20322374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322374" title="Chogray Reservoir">
Chogray Reservoir

The Chogray Reservoir (, "Chograyskoye vodokhranilishche") is an artificial reservoir on the East Manych River on the border of Stavropol Krai and Kalmykia in southern Russia. 
The reservoir, 49 km long, was constructed in 1969-1973, primarily to satisfy the demands of local irrigated farming.
Its area is 185 square km, volume 0.7 cubic km. Besides capturing water naturally brought by the tributaries of the East Manych River, the reservoir receives water from the Terek River and the Kuma River over the Kuma-Manych Canal, which was completed a few years before the reservoir.
Later on, another irrigation canal - the Chernyye Zemli Main Canal (Черноземельский магистральный канал, "Chernozemelsky magistralny kanal") was built, taking water from the Chogray Reservoir further east and north, into Kalmykia. 
In 2008, after almost 40 years of operation, the reservoir was reported as in dire need of maintenance, as were many other reservoirs of its age in the area. Under certain conditions the waters are polluted by blooms of toxic cyanobacteria (blue-gree algae).
As the East Manych (and, thus, the Chogray Reservoir) is not connected in a navigable way with any other body of water (although that may change if the Eurasia Canal is constructed), delivering a boat, or any other large floating installation to the Chogray Reservoir would be a non-trivial task. Such an operation was undertaken in 1976, when two large floating pumping units, weighing 320 and 280 metric tons, respectively, had to be delivered to the reservoir for use by the local irrigators. They were taken by boat from the Don up the West Manych River waterway to Lake Manych-Gudilo - the end of the existing navigable waterway, - from where they were transported 85 km overland using special heavy trailers. Thirty years later, that story was still remembered locally.

</doc>
<doc id="20322406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322406" title="Goy (disambiguation)">
Goy (disambiguation)

Goy usually refers a transliterated Hebrew word which translates as "nation" or "people." Historically and up to modern times it is a synonym for Gentile or non-Jew.
Goy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20322411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322411" title="Periyar E. V. Ramasamy and religion">
Periyar E. V. Ramasamy and religion

Periyar E. V. Ramasamy () (September 17, 1879 – December 24, 1973), also known as Ramaswami, EVR, Thanthai Periyar, or Periyar, was a Dravidian social reformer and politician from India, who founded the Self-Respect Movement and Dravidar Kazhagam. On religion, Periyar was considered as the Voltaire of South India. Both opposed religion virulently because, in their views, the so-called men of religion invented myths and superstitions to keep the innocent and ignorant people in darkness and to go on exploiting them. He has been a harsh critic of the Aryan influenced Hinduism in Tamil Nadu, more than the faiths of Islam, Buddhism and Christianity. He has spoken appreciatively of these other faiths in India finding in their ethics principles of equality and justice, thus advocating them if they can prove an alternative to Brahamanic Hinduism. With regards to institutionalized religion being used for personal gain, Periyar stated that ""religion goes hand in hand with superstition and fear. Religion prevents progress and suppresses man. Religion exploits the suppressed classes."" As religions, however, they are prone to be hit by accusation of superstition, exploitation and irrationalism.
Hinduism.
In Periyar's school of thought, there was no religion by name Vedic Hinduism derived from the name of a place. With no distinct doctrines and no particular sacred book, it was said to be an imaginary religion preaching the superiority of the Brahmin the inferiority of the Shudra, and the untouchability of the Panchama.
Maria Misra compares him to the philosophes, 
Through the Self-Respect Movement, Periyar preached that compared to other religions, Hinduism placed many restrictions on men by prohibiting all except a small minority of Brahmins from reading the religious texts or discusing religious matters and by evolving a caste system in the name of divine law, and by creating several gods and festivals to provide an assured income and prosperity to the small Brahmin group at the expense of all others.
Periyar Ramasamy and Mahatma Gandhi—the former on a mission to destroy the essential practices perpetuated under Hinduism and the latter on a mission to protect, safeguard and rejuvenate the essence of Hindu religion—agreed on the basic point of the need to remove many evils practiced in the form of religion. Gandhiji aspired to 'reform' the religion by rejecting its formalities and moving out of it. Both believed that the Hindus should realize that Hinduism was not a religion and whatever they practiced in the name of Hindu religion had no religious basis or sanction. Both were of the opinion that religious faith was used to perpetuate inequalities on the basis of birth and ideas of purity and pollution.
When the ideal of Dravidian nationalism was projected in the 1940s, Periyar's religious philosophy also underwent a modification to assert that Hinduism was not the religion of the Dravidians. There was no Dravidian "Veda" and the Aryan "Vedas" prevalent among Dravidians were said to be the sacred books which prescribed how Dravidians should be treated but put a bar on Dravidians from acquiring a knowledge of these texts. In his Presidential Address at the Justice Confederation in 1940 EVR said:
"We have to bring about certain reforms in our religion. Many of our countrymen think that they are Hindus. When you call yourself a Hindu you admit Aryan principles. The words Hindu and Hinduism were not used by our forefathers in any of their works. Historians of world religions say that the sacred books of the Hindus are the Vedas, the Upanishads, the Agamas, the Puranas and the Itihasas. You will notice that none of the ancient religious works of the Dravidians have been included among those religious books. A careful study of the Vedas, etc., proves beyond doubt that they were written with a view to disgrace, enslave and exploit the Dravidians. It is this Hinduism which says that we are Sudras and Rakshasas. Again it is this Hinduism which is responsible for the introduction of caste distinction and growth of feud among the sons of the soil. All our superstitions and meaningless and absurd rituals and ceremonies are the result of following the tenets of Hinduism. In addition to our social subjugation and enslavement it paved the way for our political enslavement also by Aryans. If we think calmly we shall see that it is as necessary to be free from Hinduism in the field of religion as it is to be separated from Aryavarta in the field of politics."
Periyar, even while upholding rationalism, executed his duties of a `dharmakartha' of a temple at Erode, to everybody's appreciation. 
Marai Malai Adigal is an eminent Tamil Saivite scholar who founded Saiva Siddhantha Association. He lived as a Saiva saint.This orthodox Saiva scholar was once invited by Periyar to stay in his place or ashram. Maraimalai Adigal agreed to stay with Periyar for a month. In that one month, Periyar respected the orthodoxy of Adigal and ordered not to cook non-vegetarian food in the ashram and instructed his aides not to do anything that would offend the saiva practices of Adigal. Periyar respected true believers.
Islam.
Periyar was an atheist. He never believed in any of the religious texts. He said "Bane of tamils is Brahmins, muslims and christians consider themselves to Tamilans". In his book "Vedangalin Vandavalangal", he had separate chapters where he criticized Kuran and Bible.
In the early days of the Self-Respect Movement when Periyar was vociferous that Hindu religion, Manudharma and the Congress should be destroyed, he was inclined to play a political game by expressing an opinion that Islam alone was the religion that carried political weight and those depressed in the Hindu order could consider conversion to Islam.
For eradicating the evil of 'shudrahood', the threat of conversion was occasionally exercised. The Dravidian movement repeatedly complained about the imposition of Aryan religion on Dravidians. ""Unless we become either the Panchama, i.e., Adi Dravida or Muslims, we will not get respect, justice and progress,"" said EVR. He clarified that the idea was not to place the Dravidian people under the authority of Muslim religious leaders abroad but to practice the tenets of equality, righteous conduct and mutual respect. He emphasized that he was not an advocate of Islam but was only trying to find a remedy to the sufferings under Aryan, brahminical system and to find a rightful place for Dravidians in the independent country.
Buddhism.
Periyar found in Buddhism a basis for his philosophy though he did not accept that religion as self-respect movement. The search for basis began in the course of the movement and was intensified soon after independence. It was again an experiment in the search for self-respect and the object was to get liberation from the shudrahood of Hinduism. A conference to propagate Buddhism was convened in Erode on January 31, 1954. Later that year, he and his wife married Maniammai when he was 74 years old went to Burma to attend the celebration of the 2500th anniversary of Buddha.
Periyar stated that what he was propagating could be found in the teachings of Buddha given 2000 years ago and wanted to revive them as the independent government had accepted the wheel of the Buddha and Hindus have regarded Buddha as an "avatar". Brahmins were accused of covering Buddha within the Aryan religion as they had been hiding Tiruvalluvar within the Aryan fold. EBR pointed out that Buddha also laid stress on rationalism, on intellect as the precept, and on thought process for accepting anything. The persecution of Buddha by Brahmins, the burning of Buddhist institutions and teachings and the 'export' of Buddhism to China, Japan and Ceylon were recalled at the conference and Periyar observed that Buddha Vihars at Srirangam, Kanchi, Palani and Tirupati were converted as Hindu temples.
But Periyar did not Ambedkar's invitation to convert to Buddhism. He said he wanted to reform Hinduism by staying within its fold.
Christianity.
Periyar was an atheist. He never believed in any of the religious texts. He said "Bane of tamils is Brahmins, muslims and christians consider themselves to Tamilans". In his book "Vedangalin Vandavalangal", he had separate chapters where he criticized Kuran and Bible.
He was against evangelical movement of DGS Dinakaran and fought with him on this issue. In Periyar's publication, Naathigan, he used to vehemently oppose and criticize Dinakaran calling him fraud.
Christianity was viewed by Periyar similar to monotheistic faith of Islam. He stated that, "So far as god is concerned we find the Christians and Muslims, somewhat reformed from the olden days of barbarians. They say that there can be only one god. They say that it is beyond human comprehension. They say that god does good to those who are good and punishes those who are bad. They say that god has no name or shape. They talk of good qualities". He took an interest in Rev. Martin Luther, where both he and his followers wanted to liken him and his role to that of the European reformer.
Notes.
The other side of E V Ramasamy Naicker, http://hindustan.net/discus/messages/211/15471.html?1112262896
References.
The other side of E V Ramasamy Naicker, http://hindustan.net/discus/messages/211/15471.html?1112262896 

</doc>
<doc id="20322421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322421" title="Tapetum (botany)">
Tapetum (botany)

The tapetum is a layer of nutritive cells found within the sporangium, particularly within the anther, of flowering plants.
Tapetum is important for the development of pollen grains. The cells are usually bigger and normally have more than one nucleus per cell. As the sporogenous cells undergo mitosis, the nuclei of tapetal cells also divide. Sometimes, this mitosis is not normal due to which many cells of mature tapetum become multinucleate. Sometimes polyploidy and polyteny can also be seen. The unusually large nuclear constitution of the tapetum helps it in providing nutrients and regulatory molecules to the forming pollen grains. The following processes are responsible for this:
Tapetum helps in pollenwall formation, transportation of nutrients to inner side of anther, synthesis of callase enzyme for separation of microspore tetrads.

</doc>
<doc id="20322550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322550" title="Wycombe">
Wycombe

Wycombe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20322565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322565" title="Wave World">
Wave World

Wave World is a Dutch-Canadian multi media act, consisting of musicians Gert van Santen and Harry Kessels, in conjunction with 3D computer graphics artist Rolf van Slooten. They are famous for their impressive live shows that combine ambient electronic music with 3D computer graphics, weird costumes and extraordinary make-up.
Wave World has produced 7 albums, a video and a DVD, mostly released independently through their own record label Virtual Factory Records.
Background.
Harry and Gert have a long history in music. Gert, having started out with the recorder, acoustic guitar and piano in his early years, got involved in new wave, progressive rock and electronic and experimental music in the eighties and nineties. He has composed half a library of pieces, and performed as multi-instrumentalist in numerous bands and projects. Amongst others, he has been a member of Modern Management, De Rest, What's Left and since a couple of years De Hufters. Harry, who is currently living in Canada, is a gifted vocalist, thereminist, composer and piano improviser and has been a choir vocalist since he was young. He recently started singing with Vocal Horizons in Toronto. He is also the developer of the Wave World Language Lua Lengua.
Together with vocalist Jesso, Harry and Gert formed Solipsist Paradise, a short-lived act that, out of the blue, was launched into airplay on national public radio, but without time for gigs or a new album. Rolf, apart from having been keyboardist and graphics artist for the Real Virtuality Project, has been specialized in computer graphics since the early nineties. As a visual genius, he has worked for leading post production company Valkieser Capital Images, and now has his own company, Virtual Factory.
For 2009, Wave World has planned to release 2 DVDs, a comic, an iPhone game and is working on the presentation of their new live show
A detailed and entertaining story on Wave World’s formation process, together with some exhilarating ‘behind the scenes’ insights, can be found in the ‘Fundamentals’ DVD and accompanying booklet (2006)
Collaborations.
Patrick Kosmos (Sherazade, La Loungerie)

</doc>
<doc id="20322622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322622" title="Tuero">
Tuero

Tuero can refer to the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="20322657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322657" title="Springwood State High School">
Springwood State High School

Springwood State High School is a Queensland state school located in the Logan City suburb of Springwood. The school opened in 1977 to Grade 8 students with its official opening in 1978. Springwood State High School is situated on of bushland and includes a lagoon which is used by senior Biology students. In addition to this, the school is home to many native animal species including Koalas, Wallabies and many species of birds.
Former students.
Some Springwood High School students have become notable. Some of these students include:

</doc>
<doc id="20322665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322665" title="Deniz (surname)">
Deniz (surname)

Déniz or Deniz ( Also written Denis in some parts of South America, disambiguation) Is a Spanish-Portuguese surname derived from the French surname De Niz. People with Déniz surnames can be found mostly in the Canary Islands, Azores, Madeira, some parts of the Catalonian region in Spain and in the Americas ( USA, Cuba, etc.).
It is sometimes confused with the Turkish name "Deniz", But they have different origins, pronunciation and meaning:
De Niz: in French means "from Niz" Adaptation of the name of the city "Nice" in France. Therefore De Nice was written Déniz in Spanish and Portuguese. People bearing that surname in Spain and Portugal and their descendent have the surname with French roots. 
Deniz is a Turkish surname meaning "sea." 
Deniz can refer to the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="20322715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322715" title="Whitt">
Whitt

Whitt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20322717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322717" title="Armenians in Switzerland">
Armenians in Switzerland

Swiss-Armenians are citizens of Switzerland of Armenian ancestry. The exact number of Armenians in the country is unknown, but it is unofficially estimated that about 3,000-5,000 Armenians live in Switzerland.
The majority of Swiss Armenians are members of the Armenian Apostolic Church under the jurisdiction of the Mother See of Holy Echmiadzin. There are four church regions ("tems"): Geneva, Zurich, Neuchatel and Lugano. The "Saint Hagop Church" in Troinex / Geneva serves mainly the west of the country, whereas Armenians living in the east parts conduct their religious services in a number of sister Swiss churches. There are also a smaller number of Armenian Catholics belonging to the Armenian Catholic Church and even a smaller number of Armenian Evangelicals.
A number of Armenian associations operate in Switzerland:

</doc>
<doc id="20322755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322755" title="Whit (disambiguation)">
Whit (disambiguation)

Whit usually refers to a novel by the Scottish writer Iain Banks.
Whit may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20322793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322793" title="Paul Fong">
Paul Fong

Paul Fong () (born August 5, 1952) is an American politician. He is a Democratic California State Assemblymember from the 28th district.
<br><br>
Earlier years.
Fong was born in Macao, China in 1952. Macao was still a Portuguese colony at that time. When he was three years old, his family moved from Macao to the San Francisco Bay Area.
In the early 1970s, Fong was a star quarterback for the Sunnyvale High School football team. Fong then attended De Anza College and played on its football team. He then attended San Jose State University where he earned his B.A. in Sociology and his Master's degree in public administration. In succeeding years, Fong has taught Asian-American studies at De Anza College and Political Science at Evergreen Valley College. He was elected to the Board of Trustees of the Foothill-De Anza Community College District in 1993 and served as a Trustee until 2008 when he left the board due to his election to the California State Assembly.
2008 election.
Fong entered the race to succeed term limited Democratic Assemblywoman Sally Lieber who was also the outgoing California State Assembly Speaker Pro Tempore.
In the primary, Fong defeated Santa Clara City Councilman Dominic Caserta, Santa Clara County Board of Education Trustee Anna Song and Cupertino Mayor Kris Wang. In the November 4, 2008 general election he beat his Republican opponent Brent Oya by 76.2% to 23.8%.
2010 election.
Fong won re-election in November 2010 by beating Republican Eric "Shooter" Hickok and Libertarian T.J. Campbell. Fong received 67 percent of the vote, Hickok received 27 percent and Campbell received 6 percent.
2012 election.
Because of redistricting, Fong's home city of Cupertino was placed in the 28th Assembly district, so Fong ran for and won reelection in that district. His opponent was Chad Walsh.
Shark fin law.
Fong introduced Assembly Bill 376 (AB 376) which was passed by the legislature and signed into law. This law bans the possession, sale, and distribution of shark fins, with some exceptions. The intent of the law is to discourage shark finning, a practice which involves cutting off the tails and fins of living sharks, which are then thrown back into the ocean to die.
The primary use of shark fins is in shark fin soup, an expensive delicacy which because of its high cost was in former times restricted to being consumed by the Chinese aristocracy. With increasing availability of shark fin in modern times, shark fin soup is now often served on special occasions such as weddings and banquets, and is available in many Chinese restaurants. Fong, who was born in China, says, ""Anything that is unhealthy, that the culture is practicing, we should stop doing it. We used to bind women's feet and that was unhealthy for the woman"". Hawaii's former first lady Vicky Cayetano drew a similar comparison: ""shark fin soup is about as cultural as bound feet."" However, State Senator Leland Yee argued that the bill constituted ""the wrong approach and an unfair attack on Asian culture and cuisine... rather than launch just another attack on Asian American culture, the proponents of the ban on shark fin soup should work with us to strengthen conservation efforts.""
AB 376 was approved by the California Assembly on 5/23/11 by a vote of 65 to 8. It was approved by the California Senate on 9/6/11 by a vote of 25 to 9. It was signed into law by Governor Jerry Brown on 10/07/11.
Pursuant to the new law, it became illegal on January 1, 2013, for any person in California to possess, sell, offer for sale, trade, or distribute a shark fin, unless the person holds a special license or permit for that purpose issued by the California Department of Fish and Wildlife.
Similar laws have been enacted in the states of Hawaii, Washington, Oregon, and Illinois, and in Venezuela, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
A member of China's National People's Congress has submitted a formal written proposal to that Congress that shark fin be banned in the People's Republic of China. Also, the Chinese government has announced that it will prohibit official banquets from serving shark fin soup by the end of 2015.
A poll commissioned by the Monterey Bay Aquarium found that 70 percent of the Chinese-American voters surveyed favored making it illegal to sell or distribute shark fins.
Proponents and opponents.
Proponents of AB 376 included the Asian Pacific American Ocean Harmony Alliance (APAOHA), Monterey Bay Aquarium, the Humane Society of the United States, WildAid, Sea Stewards, Sierra Club California, California Academy of Sciences, California Coastal Commission, Defenders of Wildlife, Environmental Defense Fund, Food Empowerment Project, Natural Resources Defense Council, and The Nature Conservancy.
Opponents of AB 376 included Asian Food Trade Association, Chung Chou City, Inc., Oriental Food Association, and Stockton Seafood Center. Generally, opponents included shark fin fisheries, traders, and processors, and Chinese restaurants that served shark fin soup. Opponents hired two lobbying firms, Lang Hansen O'Malley & Miller and Sloat Higgins Jensen & Associates, to guide their campaign against AB 376.
Fuller lists of the proponents and opponents are found in the Analysis of AB 376 released by the California State Senate’s Committee on Natural Resources and Water.
Endorsements.
Chinese-born NBA Basketball player Yao Ming campaigned for the shark fin ban; he filmed a public service announcement in San Francisco promoting the banning of shark fin soup.
Two Chinese-American candidates in the 2011 San Francisco Mayoral race, David Chiu (President of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors) and Phil Ting (the Assessor-Recorder of the city and county of San Francisco), came out in support of the shark fin ban. Betty Yee (member of California's State Board of Equalization) also endorsed AB 376.
The San Francisco Chronicle and the Los Angeles Times both printed editorials endorsing AB 376.

</doc>
<doc id="20322807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322807" title="Open Marriage (book)">
Open Marriage (book)

Open Marriage was a best selling book published by M. Evans & Company in 1972 by Nena O'Neill and George O'Neill. It was on the New York Times best-seller list for 40 weeks. It has been translated into 14 languages and has sold more than 35 million copies worldwide according to the publisher.
The book redefined the meaning of the term "open marriage" and helped foster a sexual revolution in the 1970s. The O'Neills conceived open marriage as one in which each partner has room for personal growth and can develop outside friendships. Most chapters in the book dealt with non-controversial approaches to revitalizing marriage in areas of trust, role flexibility, communication, identity, and equality. The authors intended "to strip marriage of its antiquated ideals and romantic tinsel and find ways to make it truly contemporary."
However, chapter 16, entitled "Love Without Jealousy", devoted 20 pages to the proposition that an open marriage could include some forms of sexuality with other partners. These concepts entered the cultural consciousness and the term "open marriage" became a synonym for sexually non-monogamous marriage, much to the regret of the O'Neills. In the 1977 publication of The Marriage Premise, Nena O'Neill advocated sexual fidelity in the chapter of that name. By then however, the concept of open marriage as sexually non-monogamous marriage had gained a life of its own.
The marital suggestions in the book were largely conventional, even at the time. The New York Times writes that some of its ""bolder suggestions seem not so much daring as painfully naïve."" The book stressed that women should lead meaningful lives, in alignment with feminist ideas.

</doc>
<doc id="20322810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322810" title="Norwegian National Road 417">
Norwegian National Road 417

Norwegian national road 417 (Rv417) is a national road which runs between Bråten in Vegårdshei and Sundebru in Gjerstad. The stretch is 16.5 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20322823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322823" title="Tomohiro Yamanoi">
Tomohiro Yamanoi

Personal bests.
In long course:

</doc>
<doc id="20322850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322850" title="Sapkota">
Sapkota

Sapkota is a Nepalese surname which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20322883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322883" title="Eyo (novel)">
Eyo (novel)

Eyo (2009) is an eponymous novel, written by Abidemi Sanusi and published by WordAlive Publishers. In this novel, the author brings out the twin issues of child trafficking and sex slavery, painfully living through the experiences of the many children that are trafficked to Europe each year. Having lived in Europe since the age of fourteen, Abidemi Sanusi uses her experience as a human rights worker specializing in conflict and gender issues to weave a complex story that evokes both anger and a sense of helplessness. It was shortlisted for the Commonwealth Writers' Prize in 2010.
Syonpsis.
Eyo, an illiterate 10-year-old girl is trafficked to the UK with promises of a better life. The novel follows her five year journey as a domestic servant and eventual sex slave in the UK, her attempts to escape and her journey around the UK as she’s passed from one human trafficker to another. Eventually, she is rescued only to realise that in even in freedom, society demands an exacting price from those it should protect.
The novel starts with Eyo's life in one of Nigeria’s most notorious slums and follows her journey from Lagos, Nigeria, to the UK. She is put to work immediately by her abductors who beat and threaten her daily to keep her pliable. She is an illiterate, illegal immigrant with no family, friends nor means of escape. How does she escape? Who can she turn to for help and how does she endure?
Plot summary.
In the story an illiterate ten-year-old girl, Eyo, is trafficked to the United Kingdom by her father with promises of work, an education and a fortune. And thus begins her five-year ordeal, first as a domestic servant and then as a child sex slave. Eventually, she is rescued from slavery by a Catholic priest and nun and sent back home to Nigeria with a view to rebuilding her life. However, she finds out that even in freedom, society demands an exacting price from those it should protect.
In the first of the four parts of the book, entitled "African Flower", the story opens with Eyo and her young brother, Lanre, eking out a living by selling iced water in Ajegunle, a sprawling slum in Lagos, Nigeria. Christened Jungle City by its residents, life is harsh and brutal, both day and night. One must have nerves of steel to survive. Eyo finds herself warding off petty thieves and molesters in the streets, and an amorous landlord at home. But it is her father, Wale, who sexually harasses her with the full knowledge of her mother. She’s willing to play her father’s sex toy as long as he does not touch her five-year-old sister Sade.
Plagued by financial problems, Wale approaches his old friend, Femi, to take Eyo away from Jungle City. Uncle Femi, a human trafficker and once a resident of Jungle City, has grown wealthy from illicit trade. He agrees to take Eyo to London where she would get an education and thereafter a good job and with it a fortune. She would be sending money and other things home to help her siblings. Perhaps when she’s settled she’d send for her siblings and they too would get an education and a job.
Upon arrival in London, she’s taken to a couple who have "bought" her to take care of their children. She’s "imprisoned2 in the house where she is forced to do household work from early in the morning till late in the night. She not only works forcefully, but she is also assaulted physically at the slightest provocation. Soon, Sam, the man of the house, starts to sexually assault her and, having discovered her skills, which were learned from her experiences with Wale her father, begins to play pimp. It is only when she miscarries that the couple gets rid of her by "selling" her to another pimp, Big Mama.
At Big Mama’s, Eyo performs well, thanks to her experience at Jungle City. She becomes Big Mama’s favourite sex provider and income earner. In this second part of the book, entitled “African Lolita”, Eyo comes face to face with the harsh reality of commercial sex and worst of all sex slavery. Despite the earnings she brings to Big Mama through clients’ fees and other compliments, she does not get anything better than rationed food. She has to satisfy clients whatever and whenever Big Mama desires.
Fearing that Eyo might gain her freedom through her clients, Big Madam passes on the "sex slave" to another pimp named Johnny. Johnny is both crude and violent constantly unleashing terror on Eyo whenever she fails to comply with his orders. He also makes pornography using her. Now having given up on the earlier promises, she sinks into helplessness and is no longer sure that she’s human anymore. She refuses to be called Eyo again and adopts the name "Jungle Girl", the title of the third part of the book.
While with Johnny, who also doubles up as her boyfriend, Eyo encounters the tireless Father Stephen and Sister Mary who have devoted their lives to rescuing girls like Eyo from the streets. After numerous attempts by the duo to get to Eyo, they only managed when Eyo sought asylum at the Sanctuary. It is here that Eyo rediscovers herself and, with the help of Nike, a human rights lawyer, starts the road to recovery. Nike is also determined to bring the perpetrators of this inhuman practice to book. But to her surprise, the underground network that runs the trade is so deep-rooted that it is difficult to uproot.
References.
Eyo on WordAlive Publishers website

</doc>
<doc id="20322901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322901" title="Reichsbund der Kinderreichen">
Reichsbund der Kinderreichen

Reichsbund der Kinderreichen (RDK) or (RdK), "Reich's Union of Large Families" or, literally: ""Reich's League of those wealthy in children"", was one of the most important pronatalist groups founded in Germany after World War I.
To qualify as a member of this league a family should have at least four children. Widows were also admitted.
The German Large Family League was forcefully nazified after the Nazi takeover of power in 1933. As such its goal became the preservation and promotion of the German hereditarily healthy Aryan family ("Erhaltung und Förderung der deutschen, erbgesunden, arischen Familie").
Renaming.
The RDK was renamed "Reichsbund Deutsche Familie, Kampfbund für erbtüchtigen Kinderreichtum" (German Family Reich's League, Struggle League for a Hereditarily Strong Offspring), in April 1940, in the first years of World War II. Its new acronym became RDF and Dr. Robert Kaiser became its new leader.
As a Nazi organization the German Large Family League was disbanded after Nazi Germany's defeat in World War II. The American Military Government issued a special law outlawing the Nazi party and all of its branches. This Denazification decree was also known as "Law number five".

</doc>
<doc id="20322904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322904" title="Fort Levett">
Fort Levett

Fort Levett was a former U.S. Army fort built on Cushing Island, Maine, in 1898. Located in Cumberland County, Maine, in the middle of Casco Bay near Portland, Maine, the fort was heavily fortified with cannons for coastal defense. Built in the wake of the Spanish American War, Fort Levett was manned during both World Wars. 
Fort Levett was built on of Cushing Island, and the coast artillery fortification was visited by several Secretaries of War, including Jacob M. Dickinson, Secretary of War in 1909. The fort, whose call letters were FV, was part of a network of forts guarding Portland Harbor and Casco Bay, which included Levett, Fort Williams on Portland Head, and Fort McKinley on Great Diamond Island as well as Fort Preble. Fort Scammel and Fort Gorges, once strongly fortified and guarding the harbor entrance, were decommissioned earlier than the previous three forts. The forts were maintained by the Army's Ordnance Department.
In addition to its artillery, the fort also operated as a wireless telegraph station. In order to furnish its base with water, the army dug four wells on Cushing Island. The island presented other challenges as well. In full view of the battery of artillery was a large summer hotel. "This hotel," noted a War Department report, "is so near that the guns can not be fired without causing much damage to the building. The occupants of this hotel, if it is allowed to remain there, will be practically in the fort, while the soldiers who garrison the fort will live in barracks at a considerable distance from their guns."
The army subsequently erected cook tents and frame buildings at the fort. Although the owners of the hotel wished the army to purchase it to billet its men, the army resisted the offer, and chose instead to erect its buildings nearby. The fort had a base field hospital for the soldiers, who were part of Batteries A and M. The fort initially boasted 6-pounder RF guns on field mounts, as well as 15-pounder RF guns on parapet mounts. By 1920, the fort had two long-range batteries.
Fort Levett was named for English explorer Captain Christopher Levett, an early explorer of the New England coast and the first European to settle what is today Portland, Maine. King Charles I of England granted Levett to found a city the explorer proposed to call York, after his English birthplace. (Today's York County, Maine carries the name of Levett's birthplace.) Levett made his plantation in 1623, leaving a group of Yorkshiremen behind, and he returned to England. The settlement subsequently failed, and the colonists were never heard from again. Levett never returned to Maine. 
The fort was last used for coastal defense in World War II, and subsequently the obsolete base was sold by the government, which asked $177,000 for the property. It was bought by a group of Cushing Island residents after it was decommissioned. Forts Levett and McKinley ultimately became private condominium associations.

</doc>
<doc id="20322907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322907" title="Jacqueline Gagne">
Jacqueline Gagne

Jacqueline Gagne is an American golfer from Rancho Mirage, California.
In 2007, at 46 years old and despite having played golf for only five years, Gagne claimed to have hit seven holes in one in one year. Her story gained national headlines, including on ESPN.
Dean Knuth, creator of the U.S. Golf Association's Slope Rating System and a Golf Digest contributor, said Gagne's achievement was "impossible". Analyst David Boyum said the odds of Gagne's feat are "1 in 2,253,649,101,066,840,000,000,000,000,000,000,000." 
As 2007 progressed, the number of holes in one she claimed to have hit continued to grow. USA Today reported her number of aces that year to be up to ten, including one that was banked off a tree. The same article reported that her feat earned her a guest appearance on the "Late Show with David Letterman". Then in June 2007, the "Wall Street Journal" reported the number of holes in one was up to fourteen. She also made an appearance on "The Today Show".
In October 2007, published reports began openly disputing the evidence behind her claims. In November 2007, when her claim had reached seventeen holes in one, a "Golf Digest" journalist investigated her claims and cast doubt on her accomplishments.
Gagne briefly had an official website located at www.jacquelinegagne.com, but the website has since been disabled.

</doc>
<doc id="20322909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322909" title="François le Roux">
François le Roux

François Le Roux (born 30 October 1955) is a French baritone. Le Roux began vocal studies at 19 with François Loup, winning prizes in Barcelona and Rio de Janeiro. He was a member of the Lyon Opera Company from 1980 to 1985, before appearing in many international houses, making his Paris Opéra debut in 1988 as Valentin in Gounod's "Faust". He is most renowned for his portrayal of Pelléas in Debussy's opera, first singing the role in 1985 and being hailed by critics as "the greatest Pelléas of his generation". Since 1998 he has also sung Golaud in the same opera to similar acclaim. It was as Golaud he sang in the centenary performance at the Opéra-Comique, and also in the Russian national premiere.
As well as a vast operatic repertory, he has released many recitals of French song, which have earned him the distinction as Gérard Souzay's natural successor. His book, "Le chant intime", on the interpretation of French song, won the 2004 René Dumesnil Award by the French National Académie des Beaux Arts.
He has been awarded the grade of "Chevalier" in the French National Order of Les Arts et Lettres in 1996, and chosen as "Musical Personality of the year 1997" by the French Critics Union.

</doc>
<doc id="20322941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322941" title="Norwegian National Road 416">
Norwegian National Road 416

Norwegian national road 416 (Rv416) is a national road which runs between Risør and Myra in Vegårshei. The stretch is 29.2 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20322945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322945" title="Indcar">
Indcar

Indcar is the trading name of Industrial Carrocera Arbuciense SA, a Spanish-based coachbuilder, specialized in building mini- and midibus bodies mainly on Mercedes-Benz and Iveco vans and truck chassis (although vans from other manufacturers are sometimes also used). Their products are sold throughout all of Western Europe.
The company was established in 1888 by Mr. Francesc Queralt Roca in Arbúcies, a village in the Selva county of the province of Girona, Catalonia, Spain. This small town offered the advantage of being in the midst of a densely forested area ("Selva" means "forest" in Catalan), useful since the bodyworks were made of wood at the time. It was the first of several cochbuilders to be based in Arbúcies; it would be later followed by Ayats, Beulas, Noge and Boari.

</doc>
<doc id="20322946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322946" title="List of Landor's Imaginary Conversations">
List of Landor's Imaginary Conversations

This is a list of the "Imaginary Conversations" of Walter Savage Landor, a series of dialogues of historical and mythical characters. It follows the retrospective order and arrangement of the five-volume collection, chosen by Landor himself and to be found in his "Collected Works". These were then published separately (1883).
The original spelling and use of honorifics and titles is retained, but some names are made fuller in order to disambiguate.

</doc>
<doc id="20322973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322973" title="Norwegian National Road 419">
Norwegian National Road 419

Norwegian national road 419 (Rv419) is a national road which runs between Hannåsmoen and Klepp in Evje og Hornnes. The stretch is 1.8 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20322988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322988" title="Norwegian National Road 420">
Norwegian National Road 420

Norwegian national road 420 (Rv420) is a national road which runs between Berge in Grimstad and Jovannet in Arendal. The stretch is 1.8 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20322994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322994" title="Ibrahim al-Yaziji">
Ibrahim al-Yaziji

Ibrahim al-Yaziji (Arabic ابراهيم اليازجي, "Ibrahim al-Yāzijī"; 1847–1906) was an Ottoman philologist, poet and journalist. He belonged to the Greek Catholic population of the Mutasarrifate of Mount Lebanon.
Biography.
Yaziji's family is originally from Homs and moved before he was born in Beirut.
He was editor of several newspapers and magazines such as Nagah, Tabib, Diya, and was instructed by Jesuits to translate the Bible into Arabic. The translation, from 1876 to 1880, was published and linguistically richer than the first translation of the Protestants. It was the second Bible translation in the Arabic language. The first translation was approved by the Protestant missionaries under the leadership of the missionary Cornelius Van Dyke, the founder of the American University of Beirut in order of two Christian Lebanese writers and philologists Butrus al-Bustani and Nasif al-Yaziji. Their Bible translation appeared in 1856.
One of Yaziji's most significant innovations was the creation of a greatly simplified Arab font. By reducing Arabic character forms from 300 to 60 he simplified the symbols so that they more closely resembled Latin characters. It was a process that contributed to the creation of the Arabic typewriter.
The Bible translations of Bustāni, Nasif al-Yaziji and Ibrahim al-Yaziji were the first in modern Arabic language.

</doc>
<doc id="20322999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20322999" title="Norwegian National Road 415">
Norwegian National Road 415

Norwegian national road 415 (Rv415) is a national road which runs between Solberg in Tvedestrand and Myråsen in Åmli. The stretch is 37.3 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20323007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323007" title="Armenians in Lithuania">
Armenians in Lithuania

Armenians in Lithuania refers to ethnic Armenians living in Lithuania.
According to the last Lithuanian census of 2011 there were 1,233 Armenians in Lithuania. Armenian organizations put the number around 2,500. According to Soviet 1989 census there are 1,655 Armenians in Lithuania. The Armenians live mainly in Vilnius. The settlement of Armenians in Lithuania, in the distant past of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth was of an episodic nature and was due mainly to the needs of trade, although from the historical sources it is known, that Armenian school was established in 16th century Vilnius, Armenian guild in the 16th to 18th centuries Vilnius. One of the most prominent painter of the 19th century in Lithuania was Jan Rustem (Armenian: Յան Ռուստամ). The history of most of the Armenian community now living in Lithuania mainly occurs in the 20th century. Khachkar was erected in the Hill of crosses in 2001 and in the center of Kaunas in 2004. Armenian church was opened in Vilnius in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20323015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323015" title="Norwegian National Road 414">
Norwegian National Road 414

Norwegian national road 414 (Rv414) is a national road which runs between Ekra and Høl in Vegårshei. The stretch is 12.1 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20323018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323018" title="Aasmaan">
Aasmaan

Aasmaan is a 1984 Bollywood movie starring Rajiv Kapoor, Tina Munim, and Mala Sinha. It was directed by Tony Juneja.

</doc>
<doc id="20323026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323026" title="Norwegian National Road 413">
Norwegian National Road 413

Norwegian national road 413 (Rv413) is a national road which runs between Dølemo in Åmli and Steane in Froland. The stretch is 15 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20323057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323057" title="Mustapha Traoré">
Mustapha Traoré

Mustapha Traoré (born 7 September 1982 in Paris) is a French football defender. He currently plays for USON Mondeville.
Trivia.
A 1,85 metre and 73 kilo defender, Traoré began his career in 2002 with USON Mondeville (CFA 2). In 2005, he was transferred to SM Caen.

</doc>
<doc id="20323068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323068" title="Norwegian National Road 412">
Norwegian National Road 412

Norwegian national road 412 (Rv412) is a national road which runs between Hovde and Nelaug Station in Åmli. The stretch is 4.6 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20323074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323074" title="Daisuke Saito (footballer born 1980)">
Daisuke Saito (footballer born 1980)

Club career stats.
As of 23 January 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20323075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323075" title="Leonard Duke">
Leonard Duke

Leonard 'Len' Charles Humphry Duke (1932–1984) was an Australian speed skater.
Biography.
Duke was born in Melbourne, grew up in the suburbs of Melbourne and took up skating at St. Moritz Ice Skating Palais on the Upper Esplanade, St. Kilda in 1946. As a young man he was interested in joining the Police force but at 5’10” was under the regulation height of 6 ft.
He became interested in speed skating & ice hockey and played in the Juniors for the Saints Monarchs, but speed skating was his main interest. With his long time school friend David Morgan, in 1948 he became a founding member of the Melbourne Amateur Speed Skating Club, for which he wrote the constitution. He was later the first Secretary-Treasurer of the Australian Amateur Ice Racing Council. In the same year he won the Victorian Junior ¼ and ½ mile championships before going on to win the Australian Junior ¼ mile championship. He successfully defended his Victorian Junior ¼ mile title the following year.
Len won several Victorian and Australian titles over the years and at 17 he was a member of the 1951 Victorian team to go to Sydney to compete in the Australian Championships. That same week he won three Senior titles, ¼ mile, ½ mile and 1 mile, setting new Australian records for all three although still a Junior. These records are listed along with those of many other skaters’ in the Ampol Book of Sporting Records 1951-87. He also took the Rushall Trophy for being 'Victoria’s best skater over all distances'. For a time was unable to race due to a serious bike accident after which he was encased in plaster from neck to waist for 6 months.
Len was eventually able to become a member of the Commonwealth Police Force in his 40s due to a reduction in the height requirement. Unfortunately, he was struck down in 1982 with a brain tumour at 49 and died 6 months later. His wife returned his trophies to the Victorian Speed Skating Union, one of which was modified to become the Best & Fairest trophy for the Duke Perpetual competition. The eponymous Duke Trophy was donated by Len Duke to the AAIRC in 1952 to encourage interstate competition in speed skating.

</doc>
<doc id="20323076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323076" title="Norwegian National Road 411">
Norwegian National Road 411

Norwegian national road 411 (Rv411) is a national road which runs between Tvedestrand and Bossvik in Risør. The stretch is 27.8 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20323083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323083" title="Armenians in Austria">
Armenians in Austria

Armenians in Austria refers to ethnic Armenians living in Austria. They number around 3,000 and mainly live in Vienna. There is also the very important presence of the Mekhitarist Order in Vienna that plays a major role in the country as well as worldwide.
History.
The history of Armenians in Austria dates back to the time of Vienna's liberation from the Turkish siege at the end of the 17th century, when several Armenian merchants found a new market in the Habsburg empire.
In fact, the city's characteristic coffee culture was established and run for a long time in its early decades by Armenian merchants. The very first documented coffee house in Vienna was opened on 17 January 1685, by Johannes Deodat (or Diodato, known in Armenian as Owanes Astouatzatur - Յովհաննէս Աստուածատուր - some sources claiming him to be Greek).
In 1775, Maria Theresa gave official permission to the Mechitarist Congregation of the Armenian Catholic Church to settle in the Habsburg Empire. The Mekhitarian congregation in Vienna contributed to the spread of Armenian culture in central Europe through its printing, its library and its college for Armenian boys.
The very active, well organized Armenians of the Ottoman province of Suczawa (Bukowina, today a part of the Ukraine) were annexed by the Austrian Empire and Armenians automatically became citizens of the Empire.
In the beginning of the 19th century, the Austrian Armenians enjoyed officially recognized status as an autonomous religious community. The Armenian community in Vienna grew constantly, so that already in 1896 the first efforts were made to found an Armenian-Apostolic community. In 1912 a small chapel was established in Vienna. The First World War and its aftermath transformed the Austrian Armenian community: the area of the Bukowina Armenians was lost during the war, but a wave of immigrants came to Austria as a result of the Armenian Genocide perpetrated by the Ottoman Turks in 1915.
After the appointment of the first Armenian pastor in Vienna in the 1920s, the number of Armenians in Austria continued to grow, also boosted by refugees from Lebanon, Syria, Iraq, Iran, as well as migrant Armenian workers from Turkey and more recently from the Republic of Armenia.
Contemporary History.
In 1968, the Surp Hripsime Armenian Apostolic Church of Vienna was consecrated, giving a new impetus to the ever growing Armenian community in Austria. There is also a Saturday Armenian School named Hovhannes Shiraz.
Both countries established diplomatic relations in 1996. Armenia has an embassy in Vienna and Austria is represented in Armenia through its embassy in Moscow (Russia).
Mechitarist Order in Vienna (1810-Present).
Although the monastic headquarters of the Mekhitarist Order founded by Mekhitar da Pietro(1676-1749), an Armenian Catholic monk is on the island of St. Lazarus in Venice (San Lazzaro Monastero Armeno in Italian), the Mechitarists have kept an important presence in Vienna since 1810.
Even much before, actually in 1775, Maria Theresa had already given the official permission to the Mechitarists congregation of the Armenian Catholic Church to settle in the Habsburg Empire and they had established in Trieste.
By 1810, they established a new monastic center in Vienna using a Franciscan church. When in 1835, the church the Order was using burnt down completely, the Mechitarists hired the services of one of the most famous architects of Vienna of the time Josef Kornhäusel for constructing a new church.
Due to financial issues, the construction of the designed church failed to materialize for a few decades. When the church was finally built, a new architect called Fritz Sitte had already altered the designs considerably. He, and later his son Camillo Sitte finished building the church in 1874.
Vienna Congregation is not just a religious center, but a veritable cultural center for Armenians as well. The monks especially cultivated the Armenian language, Armenian history and Armenian literature and published all of the old Armenian writers' works with commentaries under the title of "National Library". Aydinian of Vienna wrote the fundamental textbook of modern Armenian grammar in 1866; Tschamtschian (1738-1823) published a 3-volume history in Venice (which then belonged to Austria), and in Vienna Garagaschian (1818-1903) wrote a 4-volume history of Armenia.
The Vienna branch has been publishing "Handes Amsorya", a scholarly publication on Armenian linguistics and philology, since 1887.
The library of the Mechitarist Congregation, founded in 1773, owns a special collection of Armenian and Oriental manuscripts (approx. 153,000 vols., 2,000 manuscripts, numismatic collection). The Library has recently announced the formation of the digital list of the Library's books and manuscripts available online.
An association was formed for the propagation of good books worldwide to all Armenian communities, and a high-quality printing press that published average of six new works each year.
A herb liquor called “Mechitharine” and produced by the monks is said to contain 43 herbs and 12 fruits – the precise ingredients and recipe remains is a secret and known by only two monks at a time. The Mechitharine is still produced today and sold commercially by the monks.

</doc>
<doc id="20323084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323084" title="Konrad Seppelt">
Konrad Seppelt

Professor Konrad Seppelt is a chemist who leads a research group at the Institute of Inorganic and Analytical Chemistry, Free University of Berlin (Institut für Anorganische und Analytische Chemie der Freien Universität Berlin). 
Positions held include:
Publications.
A list of over 200 publications in the period 1969-2001 can be found here. A Google search on "Konrad Seppelt" and similar returns about 2,000 results.
Scientific publications.
A random selection of Prof Seppelt's publications:

</doc>
<doc id="20323087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323087" title="Norwegian National Road 410">
Norwegian National Road 410

Norwegian national road 410 (Rv410) is a national road which runs between Gunhildsbu in Arendal and Rødmyr in Tvedestrand. The stretch is 31 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20323089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323089" title="Keelonga">
Keelonga

The goal of Keelonga is to make it easy for every child to get elementary education in all rural areas in Madagascar.
To achieve this, Keelonga identifies and selects public elementary schools located in rural areas that are in obvious need of infrastructure repair and maintenance and/or with insufficient number of teachers. After discussing with the administration of the school and the students’ parents, an action plan is set.
Keelonga currently operates in rural areas around Antananarivo, the capital city. It has already successfully done heavy repairs in many schools. A few water wells have been dug in these schools to provide water and increase the awareness of children for hygiene.
Keelonga also provides teachers whenever necessary in order to maintain a ratio of students to teachers 50 to 1.
Actions for the future include more water wells, continue repair and maintenance work and start introducing some courses which are not available such as computer.

</doc>
<doc id="20323110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323110" title="Norwegian National Road 408">
Norwegian National Road 408

Norwegian national road 408 (Rv408) is a national road which runs between Blakstad in Froland and Rykene in Arendal. The stretch is 12.2 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20323117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323117" title="Expedition 23">
Expedition 23

Expedition 23 () was the 23rd long-duration mission to the International Space Station (ISS). Expedition 23 began with the Soyuz TMA-16 undocking on 18 March 2010. Shortly thereafter cosmonauts Aleksandr Skvortsov and Mikhail Korniyenko and astronaut Tracy Caldwell Dyson arrived at the Space Station on Soyuz TMA-18 on 4 April 2010. The Soyuz spacecraft lifted off from the Baikonur Cosmodrome at 00:04 EST on 2 April 2010.
Mission overview.
Three Russian cosmonauts, two American and one Japanese astronauts made up the Expedition 23 crew. It was the first ISS crew to include three Russians at once. The Expedition 23 crew continued outfitting the newest modules of the nearly completed space station. The crew welcomed the shuttle flight STS-131 in April 2010. The Expedition 23 crew also saw the arrival of the Rasvet Russian docking module (MRM1) aboard on STS-132, which launched on 14 May 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20323125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323125" title="Norwegian National Road 407">
Norwegian National Road 407

Norwegian national road 407 (Rv407) is a national road which runs between Vik in Grimstad and Sponvika in Arendal. The stretch is 13.9 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20323135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323135" title="Norwegian National Road 406">
Norwegian National Road 406

Norwegian national road 406 (Rv406) is a national road which runs between Sennumstad and Stemlona in Birkenes. The stretch is 17.9 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20323142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323142" title="Satoshi Hida">
Satoshi Hida

Club career stats.
As of 20 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20323152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323152" title="Norwegian National Road 405">
Norwegian National Road 405

Norwegian national road 405 (Rv405) is a national road which runs between Mosby in Kristiansand and Vegusdal in Birkenes. The stretch is 51.3 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20323156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323156" title="Rozi Khan">
Rozi Khan

Rozi Khan was a Pashtun Barakzai tribal leader in the Afghanistan province of Orūzgān. In the 1980s he was a Mujahideen commander fighting against the Soviets. In 2001 he was appointed police chief of Orūzgān province by President Karzai, a position he held until 2006. He was made governor of Oruzgan's Chora District in mid-2008.
Khan's loyalties were suspect, and he often changed sides in political and military struggles. Nevertheless, he was considered a hero in the Netherlands after coming to the assistance of a Dutch unit.
Rozi Khan was killed by friendly fire on 17 September 2008 in the town of Chora in firefight involving Australian SAS soldiers (part of the NATO-backed ISAF). Rozi received a phone call from a friend who said his home was surrounded by armed men and he feared the Taliban had come to kill him. Rozi then grabbed his gun and, with two of his armed men, ran through the darkness towards his friend's home. There were several armed groups out that night, including Afghan National Police and an Australian special forces patrol. Seeing Rozi and his men heading towards them, the Australians thought they were insurgents and shot Rozi and his two men dead.

</doc>
<doc id="20323167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323167" title="Norwegian National Road 404">
Norwegian National Road 404

Norwegian national road 404 (Rv404) is a national road which runs between Frivoll in Grimstad and Herefoss in Birkenes. The stretch is 27.8 km.

</doc>
<doc id="20323169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323169" title="Paul Tietjens">
Paul Tietjens

Paul Tietjens (22 May 1877 – 25 November 1943) was an American composer of the early twentieth century. He is best known for composing music for "The Wizard of Oz", the 1902 stage adaptation of L. Frank Baum's "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz", one of the great popular hits of its era.
Tietjens was born and raised in St. Louis, Missouri. At age 14 he appeared as a piano soloist with the St. Louis Symphony. He later studied in Europe with Hugo Kaun, Harold Bauer, and Theodor Leschetizky. 
Early in his career, Tietjens's ambition was to establish himself as a successful composer of comic operas and operettas. He approached L. Frank Baum in March 1901, not long after the publication and success of "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz". According to Baum's later recollection, 
By another report, though, they met through Ike Morgan, a Chicago artist who worked on Baum's "American Fairy Tales" (1901). Baum and Tietjens agreed to develop stage projects together. Curiously, their first attempts had nothing to do with Oz. They wrote a show titled "The Octopus, or The Title Trust", which was rejected by producers in Chicago and New York. Their next venture was a musical called "King Midas", which was never completed.
It was illustrator W. W. Denslow who suggested a "Wizard of Oz" stage adaptation. Though Baum was at first cool to the idea, Tietjens was enthusiastic. Baum prepared a libretto, and the project went forward. Tietjens included two songs from "The Octopus" ("Love Is Love" and "The Traveler and the Pie"). The show went through many script revisions and changes; Tietjens's score was supplemented with music composed by A. Baldwin Sloane and others. Quarrels over the partitioning of the royalties (Denslow was co-copyright holder of the book, and designed the sets and costumes for the musical) led to a permanent rupture between Baum and Denslow. Yet the show premiered in Chicago on 16 June 1902, and moved to Broadway in January 1903. It was an enormous hit. It ran through 1907 and then toured widely. The income from the show made Tietjens financially independent at a relatively early age.
Tietjens, however, never equalled that early popular success in subsequent shows. He wrote "The Sacred Serpent" (1904), a three-act musical comedy. He composed incidental music for J. M. Barrie's play "A Kiss for Cinderella". He worked with Baum on another project, called "The Pipes o' Pan" (which might have been a revised version of "King Midas"); it was never produced, and survives only in a fragment.
Although Tietjens is believed to have been gay, in 1904 he married the poet Eunice Strong Hammond, who became known under her married name, Eunice Tietjens. They had two daughters, Idea and Janet. The death of their elder daughter Idea at the age of four contributed to the break-up of the marriage; the couple divorced in 1914.
In addition to his works for popular theater, Tietjens composed symphonies, a concerto, sonatas, and chamber works. His most significant serious work is arguably his opera "The Tents of the Arabs".
Tietjens spent much of his life in Europe. When his health failed in 1942, he returned to St. Louis to live with his sister, and died there the following year. His manuscripts are in the Gaylord Musical Library at Washington University; the University's Tietjens Hall is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20323171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323171" title="Stephen Evans (footballer born 1980)">
Stephen Evans (footballer born 1980)

Stephen Evans (born 25 September 1980 in Caerphilly) is a Welsh football midfielder currently playing for Welsh Premier League side Carmarthen Town.
Career.
Evans began his career as a trainee with Crystal Palace, turning professional in August 1998. He had previously has trials with Norwich City and Cardiff City before being signed by Palace. Evans' league debut came for Palace on 6 February 1999 when he was a late substitute, for Leon McKenzie in a 1-1 draw at home to Birmingham City. He made four further substitute appearances later that season. The following season he played just twice, against Crewe Alexandra in the league and against Colchester United in the League Cup.
He missed most of the 2000-01 season through injury, returning for the final game of the season as a late substitute for Wayne Carlisle in a 4-2 win away to Portsmouth. Evans joined Swansea City on loan in November 2001, playing six times in the league and twice in the FA Cup. He returned to Crystal Palace, but was allowed to join Brentford on a free transfer in March 2002. He was released by Brentford in May 2004.
He joined Woking in August 2004 after a successful trial, leaving to join Crawley Town in January 2007. He struggled to establish himself at Crawley, particularly after his namesake, the manager Steve Evans took over and joined Llanelli in January 2008. He went on to score twice in 7 appearances that season and also played in Llanelli's Welsh Cup final defeat to Bangor City.
2008-2009 started with Steve's European debut, winning that throw in that led to Llanelli's winning goal against Ventspils in the Champions league, the Reds however lost the away leg 4-0 to crash out on aggregate. He played a key part in Llanelli's season, netting 7 goals in 30 appearances but left the club in June 2009 following the departure of manager Peter Nicholas. However, he returned to the club in November 2009 and made seven appearances during the 2009–10 season before leaving the club for a second time in June 2010, joining Carmarthen Town.

</doc>
<doc id="20323190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323190" title="Asami Kitagawa">
Asami Kitagawa

Major achievements.
2006 Doha Asian Games
2008 Beijing Olympics
JR: Japanese Record
Personal bests.
In long course
In short course

</doc>
<doc id="20323207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323207" title="Junichi Misawa">
Junichi Misawa

Club career stats.
As of 12 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20323241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323241" title="Shingo Tomita">
Shingo Tomita

Club career stats.
As of 23 January 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20323287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323287" title="Asian Film Archive">
Asian Film Archive

Based in Singapore the Asian Film Archive is a non-governmental organisation founded in 2005 to preserve the film heritage of Asian Cinema, to encourage scholarly research on film, and to promote a wider critical appreciation of this art form. The archive has collected more than 1,500 titles, with a focus on classic Asian films and contemporary independent works from Southeast Asia. The Archive's outreach programmes encourage film literacy and find new audiences for films in its collection. 
Notable films in the collection include the Cathay-Keris Malay Classics Collection: Hang Jebat by Hussain Haniff (1961), Mat Bond by Mat Sentul and M. Amin (1967) and Sumpah Pontianak by B.N. Rao (1958); Evolution of a Filipino Family by Lav Diaz (2004); Blink of an Eye by Mike de Leon (1981); Manila in the Claws of Neon by Lino Brocka ((1975); The Arsonist by U-Wei Haji Saari (1995); The Big Durian by Amir Muhammad (2003); Da Huang Pictures Collection and the Woo Ming Jin Collection that document the works of the Malaysian New Wave filmmakers. 
The Asian Film Archive is an affiliate of the International Federation of Film Archives (FIAF) and the Southeast Asia-Pacific Audiovisual Archive Association (SEAPAVAA). Amongst its international advisors are Ray Edmondson, David Bordwell and Apichatpong Weerasethakul.
Renowned scholar, Patricia Zimmermann described the work of the Asian Film Archive in Afterimage: The Journal of Media Art & Cultural Criticism and on the Open Spaces blog.
References.
Asian Film Archive at 5

</doc>
<doc id="20323291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323291" title="Holden V8 engine">
Holden V8 engine

The Holden V8 engine is an overhead valve (OHV) V8 engine that was produced by the Australian General Motors subsidiary Holden between 1969 and 2000. The engine was used initially in the HT Holden series; it was later utilised in the Torana and Commodore ranges. The final iteration, the HEC 5000i, was phased out in Holden passenger vehicles upon the release of the VT II Commodore in mid 1999, which featured the "Gen III" V8 imported from the United States. The engine continued in the VS III Commodore utility which continued to be sold alongside the VT model until the new generation Holden Ute (VU) debuted in late 2000. VS III Statesman continued with the Holden V8 engine also for a short while until the new WH Statesman was released not long after VT II. 
In addition to being Holden's mainstream performance engine throughout its production run, it was also a popular powerplant for kit cars and specials as well as for motorsport in Holden's efforts in the Australian Touring Car Championship and the Bathurst 1000 right up until 1995. Australian company Repco developed and built the Repco-Holden Formula 5000 engine for Formula 5000 and other racing applications using the block and head castings of the Holden 308 V8 as its basis. The engine featured many modifications including Lucas fuel injection and dual coil Bosch ignition and more than 150 special components designed by Repco. The lifter bore angle in the engine block is 45° from the block centerline.
Applications.
Initially offered in and versions, the engines were intended to be offered on the 1968 HK versions of the new Holden range but the project ran behind schedule. The success of Ford Australia's 289 ci V8 powered XR Falcon GT - in particular the publicity that followed the cars success at the 1967 Gallaher 500 - saw the V8 added to the plans for the forthcoming coupe adaptation of the HK Holden, to be known as the Monaro and the luxury version of the HK Holden, the Brougham, plus the utilities and panel van. The engine was offered as part of the HT Holden model range, alongside the 350 ci (5.7 L) Chevrolet Small-Block engine throughout their combined lives which came to an end in 1974 with the introduction of the HJ Holden.
The engine also appeared from 1971 in the Statesman range of large size luxury cars which Holden established as a separate marque, replacing the Holden badged Brougham. In 1974 the engines were added to the new larger LH Torana range and was offered as well on the LX model range, but not the final UC range which appeared in 1978.
Both engine capacities were offered on the first Commodores which appeared in 1978. The 253 ci version was not offered past release of the VK Commodore and Calais model range but continued in WB Holden commercials until 1985. In 1985 the special editions modified by Holden and their official after-market tuner, Peter Brock's HDT Special Vehicles, began introducing the 304 ci (4981 cc) version of the engine, created to slip underneath the 5000 cc engine capacity cut-off in Group A touring car regulations, allowing Commodore competitors to run at a lower competition weight. This slight shrinking of the traditional Holden 308 saw the Group A Commodore's racing weight drop from 1400 kg to 1325 kg.
Fuel injection replaced the carburettors initially on the VL Commodore SS Group A SV, again with Group A touring car racing in mind, this car produced by Holden's performance vehicle partner Holden Special Vehicles (HSV). While Group A disappeared after the VN model range, the fuel injected 304 engine was offered in Commodores right up until the VS III Commodore utility in 2000 although there were no longer V8 VS III utilities available for sale during the latter part of 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20323294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323294" title="Shinya Tanoue">
Shinya Tanoue

Tanoue played for Kashiwa Reysol and Vegalta Sendai in the J. League Division 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20323326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323326" title="Naoki Sugai">
Naoki Sugai

Club career stats.
As of 23 January 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20323328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323328" title="Chris Holloway">
Chris Holloway

Christopher Holloway (born 5 February 1980) is a Welsh footballer. He was born in Swansea.
Career.
A former Welsh under-21 and current Welsh semi-professional international, Holloway started his career at Exeter City where he made over 60 appearances before joining Rotherham United in 2001. He has also played for Newport County, Tiverton Town and Merthyr Tydfil, where he was voted 2005 player of the year, leaving to join Llanelli in May 2007. He left the club in June 2012 after being released. In July 2012, Holloway signed for Haverfordwest County.

</doc>
<doc id="20323344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323344" title="Samnabad College">
Samnabad College

Samanabad College is a government college for Women. It is located in Samanabad, Lahore, Pakistan.
The 17th annual convocation of the Government Post Graduate College for Women, Samanabad, was held here on Saturday. Punjab University Vice-Chancellor Prof Dr Mujahid Kamran was the chief guest of the ceremony while college principal Dr Tasneem Akhtar, faculty and a large number of students and their parents attended the event. Speaking on the occasion, the PU VC congratulated the successful students and said that contentment in life was not to get materialistic success but it could only be achieved by learning. He urged the students to promote peace and harmony for the strength and solidarity of the country. Principal Dr Tasneem Akhtar, in her welcome address, presented the annual report of the college. Students of various programmes were awarded certificates and degrees in the convocation while medals were also awarded to the position holders. The News
GCU to host inter-varsity drama festival.
Lahore: The Government College University (GCU) Dramatics Club will host the third GCU Inter-Varsity Drama Festival from March 8 to 14, at the university's Bokhari Auditorium.
Teams from all four provinces would participate in the week-long festival where students would show their acting skills. Sixteen teams would perform at the festival, which would open with GCU Dramatics Club's presentation of Neil Simon's farcical comedy, 'Rumours'. The festival would conclude on March 14 with GCU Dramatics Club staging Bey Saya Log, an Urdu adaptation of Jean Paul Sartre's 'Men Without Shadows'.

</doc>
<doc id="20323347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323347" title="European Democratic Party (Czech Republic)">
European Democratic Party (Czech Republic)

The European Democratic Party (, EDS) is a Czech liberal conservative, Pro-European political party founded in November 2008, and chaired by Jana Hybášková.
Formation.
EDS was registered with the Czech Ministry of the Interior in the week prior to 27 November 2008. It was announced to the public at the National Gallery in Prague on 26 November 2008.
Position.
EDS focusses on the economic development of the Czech Republic, the adoption of the euro and energy security. It is for European integration and adopting European law in Czech legislation.
Nomenclature.
EDS shares a name with the europarty called the "European Democratic Party", but it is not connected with it.
People.
EDS personnel include:
Supporters.
EDS supporters include:

</doc>
<doc id="20323352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323352" title="List of Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipients of the Fallschirmjäger">
List of Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipients of the Fallschirmjäger

The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: "Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes") and its variants were the highest award in the military of the Third Reich. Recipients are grouped by grades of the Knight's Cross. During World War II, 133 German soldiers and officers of the "Fallschirmjäger" (Paratrooper) service, which was a part of the "Luftwaffe", received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. Among them, 22 officers received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves ("Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub"), seven the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords ("Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub und Schwertern"), and one won the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves Swords and Diamonds ("Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub, Schwertern und Brillanten").
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of 1 September 1939 instituted the Iron Cross and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. As the war progressed, some of the recipients distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of 3 June 1940. In 1941, two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of 28 September 1941 introduced the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. At the end of 1944 the final grade, the Knight's Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds ("Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit goldenem Eichenlaub, Schwertern und Brillanten"), based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt 1945 I S. 11" of 29 December 1944, concluded the variants of the Knight's Cross.
The "Oberkommando der Wehrmacht" kept separate Knight's Cross lists, one for each of the three military branches, "Heer" (Army), "Kriegsmarine" (Navy), "Luftwaffe" (Air force) and for the "Waffen-SS". Within each of these lists a unique sequential number was assigned to each recipient. The same numbering paradigm was applied to the higher grades of the Knight's Cross, one list per grade.
Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds.
The Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds is based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of 28 September 1941 to reward those servicemen who had already been awarded the Oak Leaves with Swords to the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. Ultimately, it would be awarded to twenty-seven German soldiers, sailors and airmen, ranging from young fighter pilots to field marshals. One recipient was a member of the "Fallschirmjäger".
Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords.
The Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords is also based on the enactment ("Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613") of 28 September 1941 to reward those servicemen who had already been awarded the Oak Leaves to the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The list is initially sorted by the chronological number assigned to the recipient.
Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves.
The Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves was based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of 3 June 1940. The last officially announced number for the Oak Leaves was 843.
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross is based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of 1 September 1939 "Verordnung über die Erneuerung des Eisernen Kreuzes" (Regulation of the renewing of the Iron Cross).

</doc>
<doc id="20323358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323358" title="Naoya Tamura">
Naoya Tamura

Club career stats.
As of 23 January 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20323362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323362" title="Arisan">
Arisan

An ""arisan"" is a form of Rotating Savings and Credit Association in Indonesian culture, a form of Microfinance.
Generally the arisan is a social gathering that takes place at a fixed interval (this being an informal social network this may be variable), at each member's home in turn. The rotating arisan holder (drawn by lots) receives payment from each other member and provides food for those members. In the course of the arisan the amount paid to other members will equal the amount received when the arisan is held.
The arisan can vary from an essential form of credit in poorer social circles, funding an otherwise unaffordable business venture, wedding, or large purchase, to a purely social gathering for rich housewives with the money incidental (although the amounts can be considerable). As a source of finance it represents an alternative to bank loans and other forms of credit.
In general no interest is payable per se in the arisan, and forms vary regionally within Indonesia. In some cases the arisan lacks a social element and is simply a means of circulating money between members; in this case the arisan may take the form of an 'arisan call', known as 'julu julu' or 'jula jula' in Sumatra. The arisan call involves an auction element, whereby the member receiving the payout each week is determined not by lot, but by bid, those willing to wait till the end of the arisan receiving the largest payout, while more desperate borrowers will receive less, but get money earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="20323383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323383" title="Stuart Jones (footballer born 1984)">
Stuart Jones (footballer born 1984)

Stuart Jones (born 14 March 1984) is a Welsh footballer who plays for Aberystwyth Town as a defender.
Career.
A product of the Swansea City youth development system, Jones made his first-team debut on 22 October 2002 in a 2–1 defeat to Stevenage Borough in the Football League Trophy. In 2005 he joined Llanelli, becoming the club's first full-time player since the Jock Stein era in the 1950s. At Llanelli, Jones was voted into the Welsh Premier team of the season for the 2007–8, 2008–9 seasons, 2010–11, 2011–12. 
Aberystwyth Town pulled off a major transfer coup with the signing of Jones in July 2012. One of the Welsh Premier League's most accomplished defenders, Jones was born in Aberystwyth and lives in the town, so the move was welcomed by hometown supporters (www.welshpremier.com)

</doc>
<doc id="20323415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323415" title="HMQS Miner">
HMQS Miner

HMQS "Miner" was a vessel built for the Queensland Army before being transferred to the Queensland Maritime Defence Force. She was not taken on strength by the Commonwealth Naval Forces at Federation in 1901 and subsequently sold.
Construction and design.
Displacing 65 tons, HMQS "Miner" was constructed by Evans Anderson & Phelon in Brisbane, Queensland, in 1887. She was long, had a beam and a draught of forward and aft. "Miner" was capable of sailing at a top speed of .
Service history.
HMQS "Miner" was originally built for the Queensland Army as a military steamer. At some stage after this she was transferred to the Queensland Maritime Defence Force and refitted for service as a submarine miner. An inspection of the vessel on 8 March 1901 determined that she was "in good condition but unsuitable for submarine mining defence". 
Upon Federation, when the colonial navies were combined to form the Commonwealth Naval Forces, HMQS "Miner" sold to a civilian owner. She was put on Bishop Island at the mouth of the Brisbane River in 1953. HMQS "Miner" is one of up to fifteen ships to be used to build up what was previously known as Hercules Bank and Bishop Island. The area has recently been reclaimed to extend facilities at the Port of Brisbane.

</doc>
<doc id="20323422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323422" title="Psilocybe samuiensis">
Psilocybe samuiensis

Psilocybe samuiensis is a psychedelic mushroom, which has psilocybin and psilocin as main active compounds. It was placed in the Section "Mexicanae" of genus "Psilocybe" by Gastón Guzmán due to its rhomboid-shaped spores. It has been found in Koh Samui, a small tropical island in Thailand, where some psychoactive species are consumed by both natives and tourists.
Description.
The cap is typically 7–15 mm in diameter, almost convex to conic in shape, umbonate with a small papilla. The cap is viscid and has a separable pellicle. It is a reddish-brown color when moist, but becomes lighter brown when dry. The stipe is 4.0–6.5 cm high × 1.5 cm thick, equal or slightly bulbous. The stipe is hollow, whitish in color, and covered with white fibrils. It is the same color as the cap, and stains blue when bruised.
The odor and taste are slightly like grain meal ("farinaceous"). Spores have been recorded in the range of 10.4-12.8 by 6.4-8 µm and have a thick wall with a flattened, broad germ pore.
Habitat.
"Psilocybe samuiensis" was first picked in soil containing mixtures of sand and clay west of the village of Ban Hua Thanon, in Koh Samui. Since then it is now known to occur in Ranong Province in Thailand and also at Angkor Wat in Siem Riap, Kampuchea; and verified by Gaston Guzman. It grows scattered to gregarious in rice paddies, fruiting from early July to late August.
Chemistry.
Analysed by HPLC and TLC, psilocybin and psilocin in the fruit bodies ranged from 0.023–0.90% (dry weight) and 0.05–0.81%, respectively. Baeocystin was also detected at the concentration of 0.01–0.05%.

</doc>
<doc id="20323446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323446" title="Xerlin">
Xerlin

Xerlin is an open source XML editor for the Java 2 platform released under an Apache style license. The project is a Java based XML modeling application written to make creating and editing XML files easier. The latest version of Xerlin is 1.3, which was released in May 2005.
Project Details.
Xerlin contains contributions originally made to the Merlot XML editor project, the open source project on which Xerlin is based. ChannelPoint founded and hosted the Merlot XML Editor as an open source project during 2000-2001. Xerlin was created to build on those foundations and in fact used some of the same developers.
Xerlin runs on any Java 2 virtual machine (JDK1.2.2 or higher). The application is extensible via custom editor interfaces that can be added for individual DTD's. Xerlin can validate XML against both DTDs and Schemas.

</doc>
<doc id="20323463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323463" title="Bengali Hindu wedding">
Bengali Hindu wedding

Bengali Hindu wedding refers to Bengali wedding with Hindu rites and rituals.
Arranging the wedding.
A traditional wedding is arranged by Ghotoks (matchmakers), who are generally friends or relatives of the couple. The matchmakers facilitate the introduction, and also help agree the amount of any settlement.
Bengali weddings are traditionally in four parts: the bride's "Gaye Holud", the groom's "Gaye Holud", the "Beeye" and the "Bou Bhaat". These often take place on separate days. The first event in a wedding is an informal one: the groom presents the bride with a ring marking the "engagement", a system which is gaining popularity. This can sometimes be considered as Ashirwaad.
There can be subtle differences in Bengali Hindu marriages in West Bengal and Bangladesh. The rituals sometimes differ. In Paaka Katha (final talk), the parents of the bride/groom, along with one or two very close relatives/friends go to the other party's house to formally settle the marriage. It may be followed by a lunch / dinner.
A Bengali Hindu Marriage can be divided into the following parts:
Pre-Wedding Rituals.
Ashirbaad - On an auspicious day the elders of the groom's side go to bless the bride and vice versa, by sprinkling husked rice and trefoil on their heads and giving them gold ornaments. It is a kind of acceptance of the boy and the girl on both sides.
Gaye Holud - A ceremony in which five or seven married women of the household grind turmeric with mortar and pestle and anoint the bride with turmeric paste. This brightens up the bride's complexion and makes her skin glow. Gaye Holud is also celebrated on groom's side. 
Dodhi Mongol - At dawn on the day of marriage seven married ladies adorn the bride's hands with the traditional bangles Shakha and Paula - one pair of red and one pair of white bangles, and feed her a meal of curd and rice, nowadays other dishes as well, the only meal after which the bride and her parents fast the whole day.
Main wedding rituals.
Bor Jatri - The members of the groom's house as well as his friends dress in their best attire and journey to the bride's house where the wedding takes place.
Bor Boron - When the bor jatri reaches the bride's place, usually the mother of the bride along with other members come out to welcome the groom and his family by showing the holy earthen lamp, sprinkling trefoil, and husked rice placed on a bamboo winnow (kula). Then they are served sweets and drinks.
Potto Bastra - After the groom is seated at the chadnatolla (wedding altar and canopy) - the sanctum sanctorum where only the groom, bride and the priest takes their place, the groom is offered new clothes by the person who is to do the sampradaan - the elderly male member of the family who does sampradan offers the responsibility of the girl to the groom
Saat Paak - The bride, usually seated on a low wooden stool called pidi is lifted by her brothers and is taken round the groom in seven complete circles. The significance is they are winded up securely to each other.
Mala Badal - After the circles are completed, still sitting high on the piri, the bride and the groom exchange garlands of fragrant flowers thrice. This is the first step in which they accept each other.
Subho Dristi - After garlanding one another the bride and the groom are made to look at each other in front of all the assembled invitees. This exchange of loving glance is to initiate them to be together officially by the society.
Sampradan - The bride then takes her place at the chadnatolla where an elderly male member of the bride's family hands her over to the groom and the couple's hands are bound by the sacred thread amidst recital of Vedic chants and are placed on the mangal ghot - a brass pitcher filled with water that is covered with mango leaves attached to one twig and a green coconut placed on it.
Yagna - The bride and groom sit in front of the sacred fire and chant mantras after the priest. Agni, the fire god is made the divine witness to the marriage. See Vedic marriage.
Saptapadi - Seven circular rounds are taken by the couple around the fire thereby solemnizing the occasion.
Anjali - An offering to the fire is made. The bride's brother puts puffed rice (khoi) in the hands of the bride, and the groom standing close to her holds her hands from the back and extends their arms forward. They then pour the offering into the fire together.
Sindoor Daan and Ghomta - Once again seated at their respective places in chadnatolla the groom applies sindoor or vermilion (a symbol of marriage worn by Hindu women thereafter) on the bride's hair-parting. The bride then covers her head with a new sari offered by the groom as ghomta or veil.
Post-Wedding Rituals.
Bidaay - This is a farewell - mixed moment of joy and sorrow as the bride is bid adieu with blessings of her parents and relatives to start a new life with her beau.
Kaal Ratri - After the couple reaches the groom's house and the initial welcome ceremony is over they are separated for the night, probably to get a refreshing sleep and prepare for the next day's final wedding ceremony.
Bou Bhaat & Bodhu Boron - The girl cooks and serves all the members of her husband's family. A banquet is held to treat the guests who lavish gifts on the new bride.
Phool Shojja - The couple and their bed are adorned with flowers and are left together in their room to enjoy conjugal bliss.

</doc>
<doc id="20323468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323468" title="Hruški vrh">
Hruški vrh

Hruški vrh () (1776 metres - 5,827 ft) is a peak in the Western Karawanken Alps between Dovška Baba and Klek. 

</doc>
<doc id="20323484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323484" title="Vaman Pandit">
Vaman Pandit

Vaman Pandit () (1608–1695) was a Marathi scholar and poet of India. Some sources say that his family hailed from Nanded but had moved to Dharwad where Vaman Pandit was born and grew up. Later he migrated to Kashi for a significant period of his life. His most significant work, the "Yatharthadipika" is a commentary of the Bhagavadgita. His another work, the "Nigamasara" (1673) describes in detail the "Vargavi Varuni Vidya" (Vedanta). His other important works are "Samashloki Gita", "Karmatatva", "Bhaminivilasa", "Radhavilasa", "Rasakrida", "Ahalyoddhara", "Vanasudha", "Venusudha", "Gajendramoksha" and "Sita Svayamvara". The captivating style and religious instruction of his work have made them popular with all sections of readers.In 1695 after death he had SAMADHI on the banks of Warana river in Koregaon village placed in Sangali district. He has employed metres, figures of speech and other techniques of Sanskrit poetry very successfully in his works. 
He was noted for his mastery of 'shlok' form: 'सुश्लोक वामनाचा'. And also for his mastery over long rhymes: 'यमक्या वामन'.

</doc>
<doc id="20323485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323485" title="Lisa Brown (lawyer)">
Lisa Brown (lawyer)

Lisa Brown (born March 6, 1960) was named by Barack Obama's office of presidential transition to serve in the Obama Administration as Staff Secretary, assuming that post on January 20, 2009, where she is responsible for managing the flow of information, advice and decision-making between staff members and the President. During the transition, she served as Co-Chair of Agency Review in the Obama-Biden Transition. Prior to joining the Obama-Biden Transition Team, she served as Executive Director of the American Constitution Society, a progressive legal organization. She currently serves as the chief legal counsel to Georgetown University as Vice President and General Counsel, and has done so since March of 2013.
Early life and education.
Lisa Brown attended the prestigious Hotchkiss School in Lakeville, Connecticut. A 1982 Magna Cum Laude Princeton University graduate with a B.A. in Political Economy, Brown earned a law degree with Honors from the University of Chicago Law School in 1986. She then clerked on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit for Judge John Cooper Godbold in Montgomery, Alabama, and she held a one-year fellowship as a Staff Attorney at the Center for Law in the Public Interest in Los Angeles, California.
Private sector and pro bono work.
Before entering government service, Brown was a Partner in the Washington, D.C. law firm Shea & Gardner; while litigating and doing transactional work for the firm's paying clients, she also had a substantial pro bono practice focusing on disability issues, civil rights and social justice. She wrote briefs in the U.S. Supreme Court and federal circuit courts in disability cases under The Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988. She also reviewed appeals by rejected claimants in Dyson v. Denny's, Inc. (D. Md.), serving as the court-appointed Special Master. She was co-editor for the Washington Legal Clinic for the Homeless of "Cold, Harsh and Unending Resistance: The District of Columbia Government's Hidden War Against Its Poor and Its Homeless" (Nov. 22, 1993), a report on social services litigation.
Clinton Administration.
Brown joined the American Constitution Society (ACS) in 2002, coming from Relman & Associates, a Washington, D.C. civil rights firm. She had previously worked for Vice President Al Gore as Counsel (1999 through January 2001) and Deputy Counsel (April 1997 through August 1999). Her work included not only handling legal matters but also advising the Vice President on civil rights and various domestic policy issues. She also served on the Executive Board of the President's Committee on Employment of People with Disabilities. Before joining the Vice President's office, she was an Attorney Advisor in the Department of Justice's Office of Legal Counsel (June 1996 to April 1997).
Personal life.
Married to Kevin Cullen, an oncologist who directs the University of Maryland's cancer center, Brown is an aficionado of cooking and entertaining. She played college varsity field hockey and lacrosse and enjoys such athletic pursuits as tennis and skiing.

</doc>
<doc id="20323494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323494" title="List of tied first-class cricket matches">
List of tied first-class cricket matches

Tied first-class cricket matches occur when the match is concluded with each team having scored exactly the same number of runs and the side batting last having completed its innings. The definition of a completed innings would be if all ten batsmen have been dismissed or the pre-determined number of overs having been completed. It is rare for first-class matches to end in ties and, in over 300 years of first-class cricket, it has happened on just 61 occasions, two of those in Test matches.
A tie was previously sometimes declared where the scores were level when scheduled play ended, but the side batting last still had wickets in hand. In 1948 however the rules were changed so that when this occurs the match is declared a draw. This happened in a Test between England and Zimbabwe in 1996. England needed 205 to win the match in their fourth innings, off 37 overs, but finished the day 204/6. With three runs required off the last ball, Nick Knight was run-out going for the third, thus making it the first time in Test history that a match had finished drawn with scores level. It happened again in 2011, in a Test between India and the West Indies at Mumbai.
Below is a list of all first-class matches that have been declared tied, including those before 1948 which would have been draws in the modern era.

</doc>
<doc id="20323508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323508" title="Kenta Shimizu">
Kenta Shimizu

Club career stats.
As of 13 February 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20323517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323517" title="Andrew Mumford">
Andrew Mumford

Andrew Owen Mumford (born 18 June 1981 in Neath) is a Welsh footballer currently playing for Haverfordwest County .
Life and career.
Mumford joined Llanelli from Port Talbot Town on 22 January 2007, just a week after scoring the winning goal for the Steelmen against Swansea City in the FAW Premier Cup.
A local boy from Neath, Andrew overcame diabetes to become a professional footballer when he signed full-time at Swansea City. He took some time to get into the first team after going out on loan to Lllanelli and Haverfordwest County. When he returned to Swansea he gained a place in the first team, being named the club's Player of the Year in Season 2002–03.
After appearing over 70 times for the Swans, he was shipped out on loan to Conference side Aldershot before returning to the League of Wales with Port Talbot in 2004–05.
He then moved to Aberystwyth Town before making his Port Talbot bow, but was released from Park Avenue in 2005. After a year away from the game, he returned to the Remax Stadium in August 2006 but after 18 League and League Cup appearances, and 7 goals he re-joined Llanelli. After making over 100 appearances in all competitions for the club, he moved to Afan Lido in July 2010.
In October 2011 he moved to Haverfordwest County.

</doc>
<doc id="20323535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323535" title="Makoto Kimura">
Makoto Kimura

Club career stats.
As of 12 March 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20323585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323585" title="Iceland GeoSurvey">
Iceland GeoSurvey

Iceland GeoSurvey (ÍSOR) is a consulting and research institute providing specialist services to the Icelandic power industry, the Icelandic government and foreign companies, in particular in the field of geothermal sciences and utilisation. It also aims to advance geoscientific knowledge of the Iceland landmass and its continental shelf by means of systematic surveying, monitoring and research. The headquarters are in Reykjavík with an affiliate in Akureyri, North Iceland.
Iceland GeoSurvey is a self-financed, non-profit governmental institution which operates on project and contract basis. It was established in 2003 and took over all responsibilities of the former GeoScience Division of the National Energy Authority of Iceland (Orkustofnun).
Research on Iceland’s indigenous energy resources goes back to the 18th century. Systematic energy research by Icelandic government institutes started in 1944 and has been carried out continuously ever since. Iceland GeoSurvey and its predecessor have from the start played a key role in this work. This research and the activities of the Icelandic power industry have resulted in that over 50% of the primary energy use in Iceland at present has its source in geothermal energy.
Services.
Iceland GeoSurvey provides a wide variety of energy research, exploration and development services on contract in Iceland and abroad. The main services provided are:
Geothermal and hydropower resources:
Environment:
Other research:

</doc>
<doc id="20323627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20323627" title="Kyoko Okazaki">
Kyoko Okazaki

Life and career.
In 1983, while studying in Atomi College, Okazaki made her debut in "Cartoon Burikko", an erotic manga magazine primarily aimed for male adults. In 1985, after graduating from college, she also published her first manga "Virgin". After this, Okazaki wrote "Pink" in 1989, which firmly established her reputation as a manga artist. Some time during the 1980s, Okazaki's also wrote a long-running series called "Tokyo Girls Bravo" in "CUTIE" (a mainstream Japanese fashion magazine), which was highly successful. In 1994, Okazaki put on a solo exhibition at the grand opening of the experimental art space, P-House, in Tokyo. From 1993 to 1994, she did a serialization called "River's Edge", in which she portrayed the conflicts and problems experienced by high-schoolers living in a Tokyo suburb. This series had a big influence on the literary world.
Okazaki is also an impressive fashion illustrator, and her manga illustrates the cutting edge fashion and customs of Japan during the 1980s and 90s. Okazaki's manga also vividly describes the loneliness and emptiness that was present during this time period. After the 1980s, Japan and its foremost symbol, Tokyo, were overflowing with goods and information. Greed and desire colored the nation. Okazaki was one of the rare manga artists to successfully capture the mentality of the young people who lived during this period in a realistic manner.
For "Helter Skelter", she won the 2003 excellence prize at the Japanese Media Arts Festival, and the 2004 Osamu Tezuka Culture Prize.
Her work has been translated into Chinese, German, and French.
Personal life.
Okazaki was born in Shimokitazawa, Setagaya, Tokyo, Japan. Okazaki grew up in Tokyo in a large household, of around fifteen people. Okazaki's father was a talented barber. The whole family lived together: grandparents, uncles and aunts, cousins and even apprentice hairdressers. Okazaki failed to feel completely comfortable in this extended family.
On May 19, 1996, Okazaki was hit by a drunk driver while out on a walk with her husband, and as a result, suffered severe physical and mental injuries. She is currently undergoing rehabilitation and becoming well slowly.
Selected works.
"Pink" (1989).
"Pink" is a manga about a Japanese girl named Yumi, a beautiful girl in her early 20's. During the day, Yumi works as a regular office lady, but by night, she works as a prostitute. Yumi needs her two jobs to make ends meet. She also needs the extra income to feed her unusual pet, a crocodile, which she keeps in her apartment. Working in an office is quite normal for young Japanese women, but keeping a pet crocodile, and being a prostitute makes Yumi stand out. In truth, few girls are like Yumi, however, many readers can empathize with her. Young women love their "something", symbolized by her pet crocodile, and many can also identify with Yumi's "wild at heart" nature.
"Happy House" (1990-1991).
"Happy House" is a manga series from July 1990 to October 1991 in "Comic Giga", a monthly journal. In "Happy House", Okazaki portrays how the economic boom in Japan of the late 1960s had profoundly changed the behavior of Japan. More and more Japanese women had started working, and in the mid-1970s, many were more likely to keep their career after marriage or even after childbirth. Women began to express independence, refuse the traditional role of being a housewife, and divorce became more common. The heroine in "Happy House" is a thirteen-year-old girl. Her father is a television director and her mother is an actress, who is often too busy to care for her children. When the teenager faces the possible divorce of her parents, she does not want to live with her father or mother, because she feels that she cannot be happy with either one of them. Instead, she dreams of leaving her home to live alone and earn her own money so she can emancipate herself from her parents.
"River's Edge" (1993-1994).
"River's Edge" is a very deep and refreshing manga that presents a side of life not typically seen in manga. The story takes place in a suburban housing area in Tokyo, constructed during the period of high economic growth, and the series takes a very realistic look at the tough life of a number of high school teens in a small city. It deals with a number of real life issues such as homosexuality, rape, and murder. Troubled characters include a teen that is always treated like a social outcast, a sad young girl who becomes a slut, as well as several others, each suffering in their own individual way. A relatively conventional setting at first glance, betrays the reader’s expectation as the manga follows one of the character’s blank gaze on a corpse found in the grass of a nearby riverbed, without neither signs of fear nor reality. The emergence of the new generation – the so-called "Shin-Jinrui", which literally translates to "new human species" in Japanese, the bubble economy and its burst/destruction, and the incident involving Tsutomu Miyazaki (Miyazaki killed 4 young girls by between 1988 and 1989, and became to be known as the "otaku" murderer) are some phenomena of the period which signified the disintegration of the social cohesion, until then held together by the universally shared vision and values in reconstructing and modernizing the nation. In "River's Edge", Okazaki firmly established her position as a manga artist by acutely depicting the emptiness of modern Japanese life.
"Helter Skelter" (1995-1996).
"Helter Skelter" features a beautiful model, Ririko, whose body underwent head-to-toe cosmetic surgery, and illustrates the accelerating derailment of her success. Years and yens of plastic surgery turned top celebrity Ririko into a beauty icon. However, as her body starts to show signs of deterioration, she descends into despair and becomes recklessly determined to make other people's lives as miserable as hers. In addition, Ririko must also face the appearance of a younger and fresher face at her modelling agency, the engagement of her rich lover, and constantly living up to the pressure of her stage mom, who is also her manager.

</doc>
