<doc id="20402111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402111" title="Caspio">
Caspio

Caspio, Inc. is a provider of a cloud database and application building platform "Caspio Bridge". The company also develops pre-built web applications. It is classified as both a Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) and Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) provider.
Customers include Fortune-500 corporations, digital media companies, government agencies, educational institutions, small businesses, non-profits, and individual entrepreneurs.
Caspio was founded in 2000 by Frank Zamani, who is its President and CEO. The company released the first version of Caspio Bridge in 2001. Corporate headquarters are located in Santa Clara, California. Caspio, Inc. is a privately held corporation.
Caspio Bridge.
Caspio's primary service, Caspio Bridge, is a cloud database platform that allows users to create interactive web applications without the need for programming. The database platform allows business users and IT professionals to create web forms, databases, and enterprise management applications.
The cloud platform uses point-and-click wizards and does not require programming or hardware. The web-based software guides users through building custom applications by combining web forms, database searches, reports, widgets, password protection, mobile applications, and email triggers.
Caspio Bridge's back-end is built on Microsoft's .NET framework and Microsoft SQL Server.

</doc>
<doc id="20402127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402127" title="Urban politics in the United States">
Urban politics in the United States

American urban politics refers to politics within cities of the United States of America. City governments, run by mayors or city councils, hold a restricted amount of governing power. State and federal governments have been granted a large portion of city governance as laid out in the U.S. Constitution.
The small remaining power held by individual cities becomes a target of numerous outside influences such as large corporations and real-estate developers. American Urban Politics determine the socio-economic make-up of urban neighborhoods and contribute to the ever present disparity between Urban America and Suburban America.
Local power distribution.
Three main systems of city government describe local power distribution in the United States: mayor-council systems, the commission plan and the council-manager plan.
The mayor–council government has two variants, the weak-mayor system and the strong-mayor system. Under the weak-mayor system the mayor has extremely limited power and is forced to share power with other locally elected officials. The strong-mayor system allows the mayor to appoint certain officials and gives the mayor some veto powers. Some communities have given the mayor additional veto, appointment, or reporting authorities, with some granting their mayors the power to initiate hiring or involuntary termination of the professional manager.
A city commission government consists of five to nine elected members of a city council who also serve as the heads of major city departments. This form of government blends legislative and executive branch functions in the same body. Proponents of the council-manager form typically consider the city commission form to be the predecessor of, not the alternative to, the council-manager form of government. City governments search for an equilibrium in their relations with the external environment.Urban politics is politics in and about cities. This term refers to the diverse political structure that occurs in urban areas where there is diversity in both race and socio-economic status. City governments search for an equilibrium in their relations with the external environment. A city government's orientation reflects both its leaders' aspirations and its tax-services balance. politics plays an important role in explaining the path and direction a city chooses. A city's economic development functions and for the political decision to mobilize public capital. City investment in, and regulation of, development projects is the most effective means by which a city controls and molds its growth in pursuit of its future cityscape.
A council–manager government consists of a city council that appoints a professionally trained manager who is given responsibility for running the daily affairs of the city. The city council possesses the authority to remove any unsatisfactory manager at any time needed. For nearly ninety years, the council-manager form has successfully adapted to American community needs. Cities and counties are not static; the changes taking place in them involve the core of our values. Professional managers and the council-manager form continue to evolve such that today, as in the early twentieth century, this system offers government of the people, by the people, and for the people. In short, council-manager government is a system of reform that will continue to serve communities well in the twenty-first century.
Urban regime theories.
Urban regime theories seek to explain relationships among elected officials and those individuals who influence their decisions. 
Corporate regimes or development regimes promote growth and normally reflect the interests of a city's major corporations while neglecting the interests of poor, distressed areas of a city.
Caretaker regimes normally oppose large-scale development projects in fear of increased taxes and disrupting normal ways of life.
Progressive regimes respond to the needs of lower- and middle-class citizens and environmental groups to keep things as they are, rather than to economic growth.
Intergovernmental regimes exist in cities of extreme need that are mismanaged and financially troubled. The governor and state legislators are important regime actors.
There have been five regimes throughout American History. The first was the first corporate regime was built by John D. Rockefeller and J.P. Morgan from 1865-1901. The second was the progressive regime led by Theodore Roosevelt from 1901-1921. Then came the second corporate regime led by Harding and Hoover during the time from 1921-1933. After that came Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal Regime from 1933-1980. We are currently in the third corporate regime started during Ronald Reagan's presidency in the 1980s.
History of urban America.
During the westward expansion period of the 18th and 19th centuries, numerous areas were settled as trading posts along major transportation routes. Sometimes called “walking cities” because of their small size and limited mode of transportation, these areas were economic centers that had not yet experienced the influx of population that came with industrialization and immigration. 
As industry and transportation technologies improved, American cities became centers of production and the process of urbanization began to take place. The country became increasingly urban, and cities grew not only in terms of population but also in size, with skyscrapers pushing cities upward and new transportation systems extending them outward. Part of the urban population growth was fueled by an unprecedented mass immigration to the United States that continued unabated into the first two decades of the twentieth century. Cities became locations of opportunity that drove rural to urban migration, but the waves of people also led to congestion, overcrowded housing, undesirable living conditions, poor sanitation and major health epidemics. 
As these problems persisted the rich and affluent citizens left the problems in the central city and moved to the outer edges, thus beginning the first stages of suburbanization that carried on well into the 20th century. Suburbanization boomed following the invention of railroads, automobiles, assembly-line production and telecommunications. Urban America slowly lost its importance and moved toward a metropolitan America that, in most cases, consisted of poor, underdeveloped, old-city centers, surrounded by wealthy, developed suburbs and edge-cities.

</doc>
<doc id="20402136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402136" title="Germania (stamp)">
Germania (stamp)

Germania stamps are definitive stamps that were issued by the German Empire and the Weimar Republic between 1900 and 1922, depicting Germania. They represent the longest running series in German philately and are in their many variations and derivations an essential part of German philatelic collections.
Design.
The initial issue from January 1, 1900 replaced the standard issue depicting numbers and eagles. The image of Germania, rather than that of the ruling monarch as was customary in many other European monarchies, made it a unifying feature and did not complicate the relationship with other German royalty and the coexisting German postal authorities of Bavaria and Württemberg. The engraving was performed by Paul Eduard Waldraff (1870–1917) who used the actress Anna Führing as model. Wearing an octagonal imperial crown she is holding a sword and an olive branch. The Jugendstil design depicting Führing was personally chosen by the emperor Wilhelm II.
Issues inside Germany.
The Germania stamp has many issues and variations. The 1900 issue is inscribed "Reichspost", all issues after April 1, 1902 carry the "Deutsches Reich" (German Empire) inscription. All issues after 1902 have watermarks. Within Germany Germania stamps were issued as follows:
Issues outside Germany.
Overprinted Germania stamps were used outside Germany. Prior to World War I they were released by German post offices abroad in a number of foreign countries, namely China, Morocco, and Turkey. During the First World War Germania stamps were released in occupied areas, namely in Belgium, France, "Postgebiet (des) Ob(erbefehlshabers) Ost" (eastern postal territory), "Russian Poland", "General-Gouvernement Warschau", and Romania. After the war, the stamps were also initially used with overprints in Danzig. Further, Polish postal authorities, Poczta Polska, also initially utilized overprinted Germania stamps.
One of the rarer German stamps is the Vineta provisional, a halved and overprinted Germania stamp that was issued by the cruiser SMS Vineta in 1901.
Germania stamps were not issued in the German colonies, instead in those territories the Yacht issue was released first in 1900 with the appropriate identifying inscriptions.
Postal stationeries.
From 1900 onwards the Deutsche Reichspost issued several postal stationeries with imprinted Germania stamps. The most common one is a ‘Postkarte’ (postcard) with an imprinted 5 Pfennig stamp. In 1916 the German government introduced a tax on the postal traffic, the Reichsabgabe. This involved a raising of the postal rates and the 5 Pfennig postcard was replaced by a 7½ Pfennig postcard. In 1918 the Reichsabgabe was raised. Now the 10 Pfennig postcard for international mail had to be used for domestic mail too.
Postal stationeries with imprinted Germania stamps have been overprinted for the use in a.o.:
In short, the postal stationeries with imprinted Germania stamps were almost as widely used as the stamps themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="20402138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402138" title="John Thompson Whitaker">
John Thompson Whitaker

John Thompson Whitaker (January 25, 1906, Chattanooga, Tennessee – September 11, 1946) was an American writer and journalist who served as a correspondent for several prominent newspapers in different parts of the world.
Training and early life.
He was trained as a journalist at the University of the South, in Sewanee, Tennessee, and began his career as a reporter at the "Chattanooga News". He joined after the "New York Herald Tribune", where he was sent as a correspondent to Geneva (Switzerland) from 1931 to 1935, to report on the League of Nations. He had a brother named Spires Whitaker who worked as a doctor for the army during World War II. 
War correspondent.
In early 1936, he covered the Second Italo-Abyssinian War for CBS, accompanying the Italian troops. The government of Benito Mussolini awarded him the Croce di Guerra ("War Cross") for his reporting on the Italian conquest of Ethiopia.
Shortly after he was assigned by his newspaper to Spain, which coincided with his colleague and friend Jay Allen, from "Chicago Tribune", covered the Spanish Civil War, where he was seen at several atrocities and, after one of the bloodiest events of the entire conflict, the Massacre of Badajoz, he managed to interview the person responsible for the incident, General Yagüe. He also interviewed Mohamed Mizzian, a Moorish general working with the Fascists, and reported on Mizzian giving two captured teenage girls, one found with a trade-union card, to some forty of his troops for mass rape. Whitaker described how Mizzian 'smirked when I remonstrated with him. 'Oh, they'll not live more than four hours,' he said'.
He moved back to Europe in mid-1939, in connection with World War II, working for the "Chicago Daily News" and the "New York Post". He moved to Rome, from where he reported the war and the activities of the fascism. As a convinced democrat, his articles criticized the atrocities of the regimes of Mussolini and Hitler. They made the fascist regime uncomfortable, and in 1941 he was ordered to leave Italy.
At the time of his expulsion from Mussolini's Italy, Time reported that Whitaker's dispatches were "displeasing" to the government. The Italian government was reluctant to formally expel the reporter on whom they had bestowed the Italian War Cross five years earlier, and officials told Whitaker they had "nothing personal" against him and advised him, "You are not expelled, but you must leave." Whitaker reportedly insisted on being formally expelled.

</doc>
<doc id="20402146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402146" title="S3 Graphics Chrome 400">
S3 Graphics Chrome 400

S3 Graphics Chrome 400 is the successor of S3 Chrome S20 series.
History.
VIA planned the production of two new graphics chips, Chrome 440 and 430, by the end of 2007. The Chrome 460 will support DirectX 10 and adopts a 90 nanometer process, while the Chrome 430 will support DirectX 10.1 and adopts a 65 nanometer process. The Chrome 400 series was codenamed 'Destination'. Both chips will be manufactured by Fujitsu and have already entered the design verification test stage. Volume production is expected to start before the end of the year, noted the sources.
The 430 GT was released on 2008-03-20 in US market, while 440 GTX was released in 2008-05-30.
Features.
The production models are made in 65 nm process, supports DirectX 10.1, and uses PCI Express 2.0 interface. Chromotion engine now supports variable-length decoding, and dual-stream Blu-ray playback (440 GTX). Display unit includes two dual-link DVI transmitters with integrated HDMI (audio pass-through) and HDCP, an integrated dual-channel LVDS transmitter, an integrated TV/HDTV encoder, and support for two analog CRTs. 440 GTX runs at 725 MHz core speed.
Chrome 400 ULP.
It is a mobile line for the Chrome 400. 430 ULP includes features in 430 GT, while 435 ULP and 440 ULP includes features in 440 GTX.
This product was released on 2008-09-24.
Reception.
In TechPowerUp's review of the 800/800 MHz core/memory version of S3 Graphics Chrome 440 GTX 256 MB video card, its performance is in the range of Radeon 3450 and GeForce 8500 GT. At a 1024×768 resolution, it is slightly slower than GeForce 9400 GT. Performance per dollar is the lowest of the list. Power consumption is on par with those products.

</doc>
<doc id="20402151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402151" title="Yōji Matsuda">
Yōji Matsuda


</doc>
<doc id="20402159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402159" title="Thomas E. Donilon">
Thomas E. Donilon

Thomas E. "Tom" Donilon (born May 14, 1955) was National Security Advisor in the Obama Administration, and has had a career as a U.S. political advisor, government official and lawyer. Previously, he served together with diplomat Wendy Sherman as Agency Review Team Lead for the State Department in the Obama transition, and as Deputy to National Security Advisor James Jones early in the Obama administration. Donilon replaced Jones as National Security Advisor on October 8, 2010.
Donilon tendered his resignation as National Security Adviser on 5th June 2013 and has been succeeded by Susan Rice. He is a former member of the Steering Committee of the Bilderberg Group.
Early life and education.
Donilon was born in Providence, Rhode Island, the son of Theresa A. (née Conway) and Edward T. Donilon. His father was of Irish descent, and his maternal grandparents had immigrated from Ireland. He attended La Salle Academy, earned a B.A. at The Catholic University of America in 1977, and a J.D. at the University of Virginia in 1985. He served on the Editorial Board of the "Virginia Law Review".
Private sector.
He worked as Executive Vice President for Law and Policy at Fannie Mae, the federally chartered mortgage finance company, as a registered lobbyist from 1999 through 2005.
Before his appointment to the Obama Administration, Donilon was a partner in the Washington office of the law firm O'Melveny & Myers, where he advised companies and their boards on a range of "sensitive governance, policy, legal and regulatory matters".
Government and political work.
Donilon worked as Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs from 1993 to 1996, and served as the Clinton administration's Secretary of State's chief of staff. Donilon was "intimately involved in many major foreign policy issues, including negotiating the Bosnian peace agreement and the expansion of NATO". 
Donilon figures prominently during formulation of strategy for Afghanistan and associated discussions in Bob Woodward's 2010 book, "Obama's Wars".
Donilon was 'criticized' by National Security Advisor Jones, for his lack of overseas experience, telling him that as a result: "You have no credibility with the military", according to Bob Woodward's "Obama's Wars". Jones said that Donilon was not good in his dealings with his staff at the National Security Council, displaying "too little feel for the people who work day and night ...". Donilon did visit Afghanistan March 2010 during President Obama's six-hour late-night visit to the country.
Donilon was the National Security Advisor during the assassination of Osama bin Laden, and was criticized in the 2012 film "Zero Dark Thirty" for delaying that assassination.
In 2013 Donilon in a speech said "Increasingly, U.S. businesses are speaking out about their serious concerns about sophisticated, targeted theft of confidential business information and proprietary technologies through cyber-intrusions on an unprecedented scale," Donilon, said in a speech to the Asia Society. Donilon said China must recognize the risk such activities pose to the reputation of Chinese industry, to bilateral relations and to international trade. Beijing, he said, must also “take serious steps to investigate” allegations of hacking.
Post Obama administration.
The Council on Foreign Relations announced in July 2013 that Donilon will join the organisation as a distinguished fellow.
Personal life.
Donilon is the brother of Mike Donilon, a lawyer and political consultant who is Counselor to Vice-President Joe Biden. His other brother, Terrence Donilon, is communications director for Roman Catholic Cardinal Sean O'Malley. Donilon's sister, Donna, is a nurse. He is married to Catherine M. Russell, who was Chief of Staff to Jill Biden, and in March 2013 was named the Ambassador-at-Large for Global Women's Issues at the U.S. State Department. They have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20402169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402169" title="Halsted Priory">
Halsted Priory

Halsted Priory was a small Benedictine house located near Nakskov, on the island of Lolland, Denmark.
History.
Halsted Priory was from Viking times crown property. An old granite parish church had been built on the site in the 12th century. A papal recognition of the priory was written in 1177. Halsted is next mentioned by name in Valdemar Sejr's 1231 inventory (Danish: jordebog). Erik Plovpenny's daughter Jutta came into possession of Halsted in 1284 and then unexpectedly died the same year. She willed it to the abbot of the Benedictine priory in Ringsted. The existing church at Halsted was constructed arounnd the earlier church in conjunction with the building of the daughter monstery which was dedicated to St. Samson the Breton. The church became a pilgrimage site for commoners and royals alike for the veneration of St. Samson, because the church had a reliquary with his head in it.
The priory was built in a roughly rectangular shape with space for a dormitory, refectory, kitchens, storage, cellars, and space for lay brothers. No contemporary description of Halsted Priory survives. Given the time period in which it was built, it can safely be said that the buildings were built in Gothic style out of brick as evidenced by the church which still stands today. The interior spaces had valuted roofs. Halsted was a small house, but to survive must have had at least a few income properties which over the centuries came to the monastery from wills or letters of gift in return for prayers for the souls of the recently departed, though no such letters have survived to the present.
The only historical event known to involve the priory was when Prince Erik, the son of Christoffer II lay at Halsted for 14 days before being moved to his final resting place at Sorø Abbey.
In 1510 the Hanseatic League sacked nearby Nakskov and then sailed up the fjord to Halsted where they set fire to the priory burning the east and west ranges. The priory archives have all been lost except for a single letter of indulgence dated 1517. The priory was restored and was made an abbey, but the winds of change were blowing in Denmark and would within a decade empty the priory permanently.
By the 1520s many Danes were extremely unhappy with the financial burdens the Catholic church imposed on them. In addtiton to forced payment of tithes and fees for every conceivable service, peasant tenants were also required to work fields and farms owned by the many religious institutions that were a part of every day life in Denmark at the time. Christian II, Denmark's last Catholic king, was forced from the throne and exiled leaving Frederick I on the throne. Frederik attempted to find a middle ground between the new fervent Lutherans and the fiercely traditional Catholics. Funds used to support small religious houses like Halsted, simply evaporated. Being a daughter house, made the priory vulnerable to funding cuts that made it impossible for the small out of the way priory to continue. Denmark became Lutheran in October 1536 under Christian III. Unlike many religious institutions Halsted was permitted to keep its monks until 1537 when it reverted to the crown.
The abbey was owned by a succession of nobles including queens and crown princes until 1721. In 1591 the priory complex was expanded, while in the possession of Queen Sophia, the widow of Frederick II. A new main building including a grand staircase and prison tower were constructed. By 1719 the older buildings were in sad disrepair as noted in a crown inventory. The buildings were put into order by 1721 when the great naval hero Niels Juel Vind was rewarded with Halsted Priory by Frederick V for his service to the crown. Juel renamed the property Juellinge. The modern building called Halsted Priory was constructed in 1847-1849 with Gothic elements to recall the original building on the site.
Juellinge was sold by the Juel Vind family in 1921 and the name Halsted Priory was restored to the property. Only the church remains of the old monastery complex, the oldest church on Lolland.
Sources.
Jorgensen, Ellen. 'Helgendyrkelse i Danmark'. (Worship of Saints in Denmark). 

</doc>
<doc id="20402179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402179" title="John Inchmore">
John Inchmore

John Darling Inchmore (born 22 February 1949) is a former English cricketer who played first-class and List A cricket for Worcestershire during the 1970s and 1980s. He also played briefly for Northern Transvaal, and later for Wiltshire.
Born in Northumberland, Inchmore played for the minor county briefly in 1970, then became a teacher in the Saltley area of Birmingham, appearing in club cricket for Stourbridge.
He played a few Second XI games for Worcestershire in 1972, but his first-class debut came against the touring New Zealanders at Worcester in late April 1973. In a match badly affected by the weather, he took only one wicket, but it was not a bad one to start with: his county team-mate Glenn Turner, whom Inchmore bowled for 143.
His next game, in early May, was his List A debut: a John Player League match against Northamptonshire, in which Inchmore took the single wicket of Geoff Cook.
By the end of 1973, Inchmore was a regular in the Worcestershire first team, and he also played a good number of matches in Worcestershire's County Championship-winning season of 1974. He ended with 39 first-class wickets at 22, including his first five-wicket bag, 5/50 against Middlesex in July.
The year also saw him hit his only first-class century. Having never before made more than 30, he came in as night-watchman with John Parker after Glenn Turner had retired hurt. Parker took his score to 113 before being run out, while Parker was eventually dismissed for 140.
Inchmore played a significant part in each Worcestershire season from then on, taking between 30 and 63 first-class wickets every summer from 1975 to 1985. His highest aggregate of 63 came in 1975, although he fell only one short of that mark in 1979. In one-day cricket, his most successful season was 1981, when he had 33 victims. He was capped by his county in 1976, and in 1976–77 he played twice for Northern Transvaal in South Africa's Castle Currie Cup. Back in England, in 1977 he produced a career-best innings return of 8/58 against Yorkshire, two wickets in the second innings bringing him his only ten-wicket match haul.
However, he was also affected by injury during 1977, and so did not play as much as he had in the previous season.
Although he never managed another hundred, Inchmore did continue to put in the occasional decisive innings with the bat. In 1980 he smashed 64 against Yorkshire at Bradford,
an innings taking just 35 minutes and including seven sixes; his partner Barry Jones' share in their seventh-wicket stand of 70 was a mere 3!
In his main role as a bowler, his later career saw some particularly noteworthy performances in one-day cricket. In a Benson & Hedges Cup match against Lancashire in May 1984, he took 6/29 in a losing cause; this was at the time the second-best performance for the county in the competition.
And in August of the following year, he claimed 5/25 against Glamorgan in the NatWest Trophy, this time helping Worcestershire to victory.
He won the man-of-the-match award on both occasions.
A popular player with the Worcestershire supporters, Inchmore was awarded a benefit season in 1985, which raised over £46,000.
He was nearing the end of his career, however, and while he remained at the club for 1986 he played less first-class cricket than he had since the beginning of his time at New Road, though he remained a usual member of the one-day team. His last match for Worcestershire was a John Player Special League game against Derbyshire on 7 September 1986, fittingly at New Road. There was to be no fairy-tale farewell: he took 0/35 from his eight overs and Derbyshire snatched victory thanks to a ninth-wicket partnership of 39.
After that, Inchmore played a season for Wiltshire, making a single List A appearance in the NatWest Trophy against Yorkshire. The first-class county won easily, and Inchmore himself took two expensive wickets (Richard Blakey and Jim Love) and scored 3.
He continued to play cricket for charity, and in one such game bowled a delivery which was hit by the batsman with such force that it broke the hand of the fielder, one Eric Clapton, who was lucky not to miss a tour of Japan as a result.

</doc>
<doc id="20402196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402196" title="60th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry">
60th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry

The 60th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War from 1864 to 1865.
History.
The regiment began its organization at Readville, Massachusetts during the summer of 1864, with the volunteers being mustered in from 14 to 30 July. On 1 August, they were ordered to report to Washington, DC and from there to Baltimore, Maryland. When their commanding officer, Colonel Ansel D Wass (formerly of the 6th Massachusetts Infantry) joined them, the regiment was sent to Indianapolis, Indiana. They were sent there "on account of the conspiracy of an extensive organization known as the Knights of the Golden Circle or Sons of Liberty". They remained in Indiana during their term of service, and were mustered out on 30 Nov 1864.
While camped in Indianapolis during an October 1864 gubernatorial election, some controversy with the regiment came about. It was claimed that some soldiers of this regiment "voted a dozen times each, and some claimed they had done so twenty-five times for the Republican candidate", Oliver P. Morton, who was elected governor.
Casualties.
They were not involved in any battles or skirmishes, but lost 10 soldiers to disease.

</doc>
<doc id="20402253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402253" title="Alexander Mosely Pennock">
Alexander Mosely Pennock

Alexander Mosely Pennock (November 1, 1813 – September 20, 1876) was an officer of the United States Navy during the American Civil War. He was a captain during the war and rose to the rank of rear admiral after the war.

</doc>
<doc id="20402258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402258" title="MX (album)">
MX (album)

MX is the second album by David Murray to be released on Bob Thiele's Red Baron label. It was released in 1993 and features performances by Murray, Ravi Coltrane, Bobby Bradford, John Hicks, Fred Hopkins and Victor Lewis. The album is dedicated to the memory of Malcolm X.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 4.5 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="20402285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402285" title="Jean Boyer (politician)">
Jean Boyer (politician)

Jean Boyer (born January 4, 1937) is a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Haute-Loire department, and is a member of the Centrist Union and the New Center.

</doc>
<doc id="20402310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402310" title="Miguel Garikoitz Aspiazu Rubina">
Miguel Garikoitz Aspiazu Rubina

Miguel Garikoitz Aspiazu Rubina alias Txeroki ("Cherokee") (born 6 July 1973) is an ETA member. He headed the military/commando unit of the group until his arrest in France on 16 November 2008.
ETA activity.
Although he gained prominence in the military section of ETA, he rose to the highest level of ETA's leadership following the May 2008 arrest of Francisco Javier López Peña, also in France. As the military chief, he was believed to have orchestrated, ordered and planned ETA bomb attacks.
He was rumoured to have been the person responsible for breaking a truce with the Spanish government when he authorized the Barajas bombing on 30 December 2006. Spanish authorities have also suspected Rubina personally killed two Guardia Civil police officers as they were doing undercover intelligence work in December 2007. Before his arrest, he was wanted on a total of 22 criminal charges in Spain, including the murder of Judge Jose Maria Lidon in November 2001.
Imprisoned.
The French Interior Minister Michele Alliot-Marie announced that he had been arrested overnight on 16 November, at 3:30, in Cauterets following a joint investigation by French and Spanish police. He was arrested along with Leire López Zurutuza, a woman suspected of being an ETA member. 
His arrest was the result of police investigative work following the arrest of two other ETA suspects who said he told them that he had killed the two officers in Capbreton on 1 December 2007. After his arrest he was sent to the judicial custody of the anti-terrorist police near Paris.
He appeared before a Paris judge where he was formally charged in connection with the killing of the two undercover Spanish police officers.
Following his arrest he was also indicted in a Spanish court for his alleged role in the Barajas bombing.
Political impact.
Sections of the media asked whether his arrest could debilitate ETA's violent activity. Alternatively, the arrest could have also lead to an increase in ETA activity. Some saw it merely as the biggest blow to ETA in the last half-year since Lopez Peña's arrest. Some comments saw the arrest as marking "a further blow for hardline members of ETA."
International Reactions.
The Spanish prime minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero said that his arrest would cause "great damage" to ETA but also warned that ETA was still "capable of carrying out attacks." Spain was put on a full security alert to guard against retaliation for Rubina's arrest.

</doc>
<doc id="20402339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402339" title="Isador Goodman">
Isador Goodman

Isador Goodman AM (27 May 19092 December 1982) was a South African-Australian Jewish pianist, composer and conductor. He became a household name in Australia in the 1930s-1970s, taught at the New South Wales Conservatorium of Music for 50 years, introduced many Australians to classical music, and contributed hugely to music making in his adopted country.
Biography.
Moses Isidore Goodman was born in Cape Town, South Africa in 1909 to musical parents of Jewish descent, who had immigrated from eastern Europe. He started studying music early, as well as composing. One of his compositions was performed professionally when he was only six. At age seven, Goodman played Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 20 in D minor with the Cape Town Symphony Orchestra. After his father died when he was 12, his mother took him to London for its musical opportunities.
Goodman studied piano at the Royal College of Music with Lloyd Powell, who had been a student of Ferruccio Busoni. He studied conducting with Constant Lambert. In 1924, at age 15, Goodman played Liszt's Piano Concerto No. 1 in E-flat under Malcolm Sargent. This concerto was to become his "calling card".
His mother remarried, choosing an uncle of her first husband. They returned to South Africa and left the young Goodman in London because of its greater musical opportunities.
Career.
In 1929 at age 20, Goodman accepted an offer to teach at the New South Wales Conservatorium of Music in Sydney, Australia. Local musicians opposed the decision by the director W. Arundel Orchard to bring in a man from abroad for a coveted position. Goodman was to teach at "the Con", on and off, for 50 years. While Professor of Piano by day, he often played all night at jazz clubs in the company of 'hardened drinkers and SP bookies'.
In 1931, the English critic Neville Cardus, who knew nothing of the 22-year-old Goodman, attended two of his recitals. His review described him as "the best pianist in Australia. I would cheerfully stake my reputation on Mr Goodman's playing in any capital city of Europe in pieces definitely pianistic or romantic in style. ... he is a natural pianist, he plays the piano as most of the rest of us breathe ... I did not believe it possible that I could ever again listen to the D flat Waltz of Chopin with virgin and delighted ears. But Mr Goodman rippled the hackneyed piece as though for the first time - Horowitz himself could not have recreated it anew with more enchanting touch and tone and rhythm".
Goodman became well known in society circles; the Governor of New South Wales Sir Philip Game and Lady Game became his patrons and personal friends. One night in May 1932, Goodman was at Government House for dinner with the Games. After the governor was repeatedly interrupted for consultation, Goodman asked if he ought to leave. Game said, "No, that's not necessary, you see, I am about to dismiss the Premier".
Later in 1932 Goodman toured Australia and New Zealand for the Tait organisation as associate artist for the visiting Scottish tenor Joseph Hislop. They did not get on, as Hislop felt Goodman was upstaging him. They even came to blows on one occasion. On 1 July 1932 Goodman was soloist in a concert by the National Broadcasting Symphony Orchestra. A predecessor of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra, the group broadcast live from the Conservatorium to mark the official start of the Australian Broadcasting Commission.
In 1935 Goodman wrote the musical score for Harry Southwell's film, "The Burgomeister". The score included a drinking song, a lullaby, a peasant song, and a waltz.
Becoming the musical director of cinemas in Sydney and Melbourne, Goodman played classical pieces between films. In 1940 he accompanied the English actor Noël Coward when he appeared in Melbourne.
During World War II, in 1942 Goodman joined the Australian Army, rising to the rank of lieutenant. He gave 200 performances to over 150,000 servicemen. In September 1944 he was discharged as medically unfit. He dedicated his "New Guinea Fantasy" for piano and orchestra to the Australian servicemen.
After the war, Goodman returned to Great Britain. His farewell performance at the Sydney Town Hall included the first performance in Australia of Prokofiev's 7th Sonata. Despite playing at a Royal Command Performance for King George VI and Queen Elizabeth at St. James's Palace in October 1948, Goodman found it difficult to re-enter British cultural circles and could not find steady work in England in the postwar years.
He returned to Australia, this time permanently. In 1955 he wrote a lush, impressionist score for the Australian director Charles Chauvel's landmark 1955 film "Jedda", about Aborigines. Elsa Chauvel, the director's wife, scrapped the most innovative passages and replaced them with old-fashioned commercial ‘mood’ music. A late 20th-century review of a video of the film described Goodman's music as being considered now as too European to be appropriate for its topic of Aborigines but noted that the European viewpoint was typical of the time.
In 1956 Goodman played on the opening night of television station TCN9 in Sydney. He served as the channel’s musical director for two years. In 1967 he returned to teaching at the NSW Conservatorium.
In the early days of Australian television, Goodman starred in two music series of his own. "The Isador Goodman Show" ran on Melbourne station HSV-7 from 1956 to 1957. His second series was for Sydney station TCN-9 and was called "Music for You", running from 1958 to 1960. 
Seriously injured in a car crash in 1969, Goodman was sidelined from performing for four years. He made a triumphant return to the concert stage with an all-Chopin recital in Sydney in 1973. Later that year he played with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra in the first series of concerts at the new Sydney Opera House. In February 1974 he appeared in concerts conducted by the American Arthur Fiedler. In 1975, he played Liszt's Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2 at the "Concert for Darwin", staged to raise funds for the city devastated by Cyclone Tracy.
Goodman performed in a recital at the new Melbourne Concert Hall (now Hamer Hall) on 31 July 1982. His last recital was at the Sydney Town Hall on 26 September 1982.
Goodman died of cancer on 2 December 1982. Later the same day, his lifelong friend and co-teacher at the Sydney Conservatorium, Lindley Evans, also died.
Marriage and family.
Goodman was married four times. His fourth wife, Virginia Goodman, survived him.

</doc>
<doc id="20402340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402340" title="Ontology components">
Ontology components

Contemporary ontologies share many structural similarities, regardless of the language in which they are expressed. Most ontologies describe individuals (instances), classes (concepts), attributes, and relations.
Overview.
Common components of ontologies include:
Ontologies are commonly encoded using ontology languages.
Individuals.
Individuals (instances) are the basic, "ground level" components of an ontology. The individuals in an ontology may include concrete objects such as people, animals, tables, automobiles, molecules, and planets, as well as abstract individuals such as numbers and words (although there are differences of opinion as to whether numbers and words are classes or individuals). Strictly speaking, an ontology need not include any individuals, but one of the general purposes of an ontology is to provide a means of classifying individuals, even if those individuals are not explicitly part of the ontology.
In formal extensional ontologies, only the utterances of words and numbers are considered individuals – the numbers and names themselves are classes. In a 4D ontology, an individual is identified by its spatio-temporal extent. Examples of formal extensional ontologies are ISO 15926 and the model in development by the IDEAS Group.
Classes.
Classes – concepts that are also called "type", "sort", "category", and "kind" – can be defined as an extension or an intension. According to an extensional definition, they are abstract groups, sets, or collections of objects. According to an intensional definition, they are abstract objects that are defined by values of aspects that are constraints for being member of the class. The first definition of class results in ontologies in which a class is a subclass of collection. The second definition of class results in ontologies in which collections and classes are more fundamentally different. Classes may classify individuals, other classes, or a combination of both. Some examples of classes:
Ontologies vary on whether classes can contain other classes, whether a class can belong to itself, whether there is a universal class (that is, a class containing everything), etc. Sometimes restrictions along these lines are made in order to avoid certain well-known paradoxes.
The classes of an ontology may be extensional or intensional in nature. A class is extensional if and only if it is characterized solely by its membership. More precisely, a class C is extensional if and only if for any class C', if C' has exactly the same members as C, then C and C' are identical. If a class does not satisfy this condition, then it is intensional. While extensional classes are more well-behaved and well-understood mathematically, as well as less problematic philosophically, they do not permit the fine grained distinctions that ontologies often need to make. For example, an ontology may want to distinguish between the class of all creatures with a kidney and the class of all creatures with a heart, even if these classes happen to have exactly the same members. In most upper ontologies, the classes are defined intensionally. Intensionally defined classes usually have necessary conditions associated with membership in each class. Some classes may also have sufficient conditions, and in those cases the combination of necessary and sufficient conditions make that class a fully "defined" class.
Importantly, a class can subsume or be subsumed by other classes; a class subsumed by another is called a "subclass" (or "subtype") of the subsuming class (or "supertype"). For example, "Vehicle" subsumes "Car", since (necessarily) anything that is a member of the latter class is a member of the former. The subsumption relation is used to create a hierarchy of classes, typically with a maximally general class like "Anything" at the top, and very specific classes like "2002 Ford Explorer" at the bottom. The critically important consequence of the subsumption relation is the inheritance of properties from the parent (subsuming) class to the child (subsumed) class. Thus, anything that is necessarily true of a parent class is also necessarily true of all of its subsumed child classes. In some ontologies, a class is only allowed to have one parent ("single inheritance"), but in most ontologies, classes are allowed to have any number of parents ("multiple inheritance"), and in the latter case all necessary properties of each parent are inherited by the subsumed child class. Thus a particular class of animal ("HouseCat") may be a child of the class "Cat" and also a child of the class "Pet".
A partition is a set of related classes and associated rules that allow objects to be classified by the appropriate subclass. The rules correspond with the aspect values that distinguish the subclasses from the superclasses. For example, to the right is the partial diagram of an ontology that has a partition of the "Car" class into the classes "2-Wheel Drive Car" and "4-Wheel Drive Car". The partition rule (or subsumption rule) determines if a particular car is classified by the "2-Wheel Drive Car" or the "4-Wheel Drive Car" class.
If the partition rule(s) guarantee that a single "Car" cannot be in both classes, then the partition is called a disjoint partition. If the partition rules ensure that every concrete object in the super-class is an instance of at least one of the partition classes, then the partition is called an exhaustive partition.
Attributes.
Objects in an ontology can be described by relating them to other things, typically aspects or parts. These related things are often called "attributes", although they may be independent things. Each attribute can be a class or an individual. The kind of object and the kind of attribute determine the kind of relation between them. A relation between an object and an attribute express a fact that is specific to the object to which it is related. For example the Ford Explorer object has attributes such as:
The value of an attribute can be a complex data type; in this example, the related engine can only be one of a list of subtypes of engines, not just a single thing.
Ontologies are only true ontologies if concepts are related to other concepts (the concepts do have attributes). If that is not the case, then you would have either a taxonomy (if hyponym relationships exist between concepts) or a controlled vocabulary. These are useful, but are not considered true ontologies.
Relationships.
Relationships (also known as relations) between objects in an ontology specify how objects are related to other objects. Typically a relation is of a particular type (or class) that specifies in what sense the object is related to the other object in the ontology. For example in the ontology that contains the concept Ford Explorer and the concept Ford Bronco might be related by a relation of type <is defined as a successor of>. The full expression of that fact then becomes:
This tells us that the Explorer is the model that replaced the Bronco. This example also illustrates that the relation has a direction of expression. The inverse expression expresses the same fact, but with a reverse phrase in natural language.
Much of the power of ontologies comes from the ability to describe relations. Together, the set of relations describes the semantics of the domain. The set of used relation types (classes of relations) and their subsumption hierarchy describe the expression power of the language in which the ontology is expressed.
An important type of relation is the subsumption relation ("is-a-superclass-of", the converse of "is-a", "is-a-subtype-of" or "is-a-subclass-of"). This defines which objects are classified by which class. For example we have already seen that the class Ford Explorer "is-a-subclass-of" 4-Wheel Drive Car, which in turn "is-a-subclass-of" Car.
The addition of the is-a-subclass-of relationships creates a taxonomy; a tree-like structure (or, more generally, a partially ordered set) that clearly depicts how objects relate to one another. In such a structure, each object is the 'child' of a 'parent class' (Some languages restrict the is-a-subclass-of relationship to one parent for all nodes, but many do not).
Another common type of relations is the mereology relation, written as "part-of", that represents how objects combine together to form composite objects. For example, if we extended our example ontology to include concepts like Steering Wheel, we would say that a "Steering Wheel is-by-definition-a-part-of-a Ford Explorer" since a steering wheel is always one of the components of a Ford Explorer. If we introduce meronymy relationships to our ontology, the hierarchy that emerges is no longer able to be held in a simple tree-like structure since now members can appear under more than one parent or branch. Instead this new structure that emerges is known as a directed acyclic graph.
Relation types are sometimes domain-specific and are then used to store specific kinds of facts or to answer particular types of questions. If the definitions of the relation types are included in an ontology, then the ontology defines its own ontology definition language. An example of an ontology that defines its own relation types and distinguishes between various categories of relation types is the Gellish ontology.
For example in the domain of automobiles, we might need a "made-in" type relationship which tells us where each car is built. So the Ford Explorer is "made-in" Louisville. The ontology may also know that Louisville is-located-in Kentucky and Kentucky is-classified-as-a state and is-a-part-of the U.S.. Software using this ontology could now answer a question like "which cars are made in the U.S.?"

</doc>
<doc id="20402406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402406" title="Season of the Witch (2011 film)">
Season of the Witch (2011 film)

Season of the Witch is a 2011 American fantasy adventure horror film starring Nicolas Cage and directed by Dominic Sena with extensive uncredited reshoots by Brett Ratner. Cage stars with Ron Perlman as Teutonic Knights, who return from the Crusades to find their fatherland ruined by the Black Death. Two church elders accuse a girl (Claire Foy) of being a witch and being responsible for the destruction, and they command the two knights to transport the girl to a monastery so the monks there can lift her curse from the land. The film draws inspiration from the 1957 film "The Seventh Seal". It reunited Sena and Cage after they worked together on "Gone in 60 Seconds".
Development on the film began in 2000 when the spec script by screenwriter Bragi F. Schut was purchased by MGM. The project moved from MGM to Columbia Pictures to Relativity Media, where the film was finally produced by Charles Roven and Alex Gartner. Filming took place primarily in Austria, Hungary and Croatia. "Season of the Witch" was released on , 2011 in the United States, Canada and several other territories. The film received negative reviews but was a moderate box office success.
Plot.
In Villach in the 13th century, three women are accused of witchcraft by a priest (Nick Sidi). While one claims to be a witch out of persuasion from the church, one doesn't deny it and curses the priest. He orders them to be hanged and drowned. Once it is done, he urges the guards to pull them back up for a ritual that will make the so-called witches never come back to life, but the guards refuse, claiming them to be dead enough. The priest returns late at night to perform the ritual. The third corpse takes on a demonic appearance and kills the priest. Later, in the 14th century, Teutonic Knights Behmen von Bleibruck (Nicolas Cage) and Felson (Ron Perlman) are engaged in a crusade, taking part in several different battles throughout the 1330s and eventually taking part in the Smyrniote crusades. After witnessing the massacre of civilians during the 1344 capture of Smyrna, the two knights choose to desert the Order and the crusade and return to Austria.
While traveling through Styria, they encounter the grotesque sight of people infected with the Black Death and soon discover that the Holy Roman Empire has been swept by the plague. Behmen and Felson enter the town of Marburg. The two try to conceal their identity as deserters, but are revealed as knights by the crest on Behmen's sword. He and Felson are then arrested. They are taken to Cardinal D'Ambroise (Christopher Lee), who is infected with the plague. The Cardinal asks the knights to escort an alleged witch suspected of causing the plague to a remote monastery where an elite group of monks reside. These monks are capable of determining if the girl is truly a witch. If she is found guilty, the monks know a sacred ritual that can cancel her powers and stop the plague that is devastating Europe. The two knights agree under the condition that she will be given a fair trial and that the charges of desertion against them are dropped. The Cardinal agrees and they set out accompanied by a priest Debelzeq (Stephen Campbell Moore); Kay von Wollenbarth (Robert Sheehan), a young altar boy who wants to become a knight like his deceased father; Johann Eckhart (Ulrich Thomsen), a knight whose family was killed by the plague; and the well-traveled swindler Hagamar (Stephen Graham) who is serving as their guide to the monastery in return for a pardon. The witch, a young girl later identified as Anna (Claire Foy), shows hatred towards Debelzeq and forms a bond with Behmen.
Shortly after setting off, the group camp for the night. Anna becomes hysterical at the prospect of being left alone with Debelzeq. She attacks him and grabs his key to the cage. She escapes and flees toward a nearby village. The search for her leads the group to a mass grave, where Eckhart has visions of his dead daughter. Running after the visions, he impales himself on Kay's sword and dies. When they recapture her, the tearful Anna explains that she only ran away for fear of Debelzeq. However the group becomes less trusting of Anna. The group manages to cross a rickety rope bridge, during which Anna saves Kay from falling to his death by grabbing him with one hand, showing an unnatural strength. The group enters the dark forest called Wormwood, where Hagamar attempts to kill Anna so the group can go home, only to be stopped by the others. Anna appears to summon monstrous wolves, which chase the group and kill Hagamar. An enraged Behmen tries to kill Anna, but is stopped by Debelzeq and Felson, who point out that the monastery is in sight.
Arriving at the monastery, the men find all of the monks have been killed by the plague but locate the Key of Solomon, an ancient book filled with holy rituals used to defeat evil. The men confront Anna, with Debelzeq beginning to perform a ritual used on witches. However, as Anna begins precisely recounting Behmen's past actions during the Crusades, Debelzeq comes to the realization that she is not a witch, and begins frantically performing an exorcism. However, the demon that is possessing Anna reveals himself and melts the metal of the cage. The demon effortlessly fights off the knights, but when Debelzeq throws a vial of holy water on him, the demon flies out of sight. As the men search for the demon, they come to the realization that he isn't trying to escape, but trying to destroy the book so that nothing can stop his powers. When they find a room where the monks were writing copies of the book, the demon appears, destroys the copies and possesses the dead monks' bodies to use as weapons. The three men fight the possessed monks while Debelzeq continues the exorcism ritual. During the fight, the demon kills Debelzeq, then proceeds to kill Felson. Kay picks up the book and continues the ritual, while Behmen continues fighting the demon. Behmen is mortally wounded during the fight, but Kay is able to finish the ritual and the demon is expelled from Anna's body, freeing her. Behmen asks Kay to keep Anna safe and then dies of his wounds.
Kay and Anna bury their fallen friends. Anna requests that Kay tell her about the men who saved her. They depart from the monastery with the book in hand.
Production.
Development and filming.
Screenwriter Bragi F. Schut wrote "Season of the Witch" as a spec script that was placed on the open market in 2000. Numerous studios bid on the script, and producers Charles Roven and Alex Gartner collaborated with the studio MGM to place a winning bid. MGM could not find traction to produce the film, and in 2003–2004 the studio "was essentially obtained by a number of concerns". Columbia Pictures earmarked several properties for themselves, including "Season of the Witch". The producers worked with director Dominic Sena to perform location shooting throughout Europe. They sought a 14th-century castle to use as a setting for the story; castles visited in Germany, Poland and the Czech Republic could not fit the period. With the film yet to be produced, the project eventually moved to Relativity Media, and Sena was officially attached to direct. Business and creative discussions led to avoiding too much violence or gore in the film so a broader audience could see it. Actor Nicolas Cage was considered for the starring role but was unavailable during the time of the location shooting. Cage eventually became available in 2008 and was cast in the role. He explained his interest, "I wanted to make movies that celebrated actors like Christopher Lee and Vincent Price, and the great Roger Corman classics that are unafraid to explore the paranormal and the supernatural."
The crew began production immediately after Cage finished "" (2009). The film had a budget of approximately US$40 million, and much of the budget was covered by Relativity with pre-sales to distributors outside the United States. Filming took place in Austria, Hungary and Croatia. Most of the principal photography took place in practical locations, with several days committed to filming on greenscreen. Principal photography was completed by April 2009, but the cast and crew re-gathered a few months later to film additional battle sequences, filming on greenscreen to save on travel. The reshoots were directed by Brett Ratner.
Casting.
Cage stars as Behman of Bleibruck, a Teutonic knight who returns from the Crusades to discover the devastation caused by the Black Plague. The actor had worked with director Dominic Sena on "Gone in 60 Seconds" (2000) and with producer Charles Roven on "City of Angels" (1998). Cage was interested in the film's fantastical subject matter, also having recently starred in "The Sorcerer's Apprentice". He also described Behmen as "the first" conscientious objector, saying, "I admired... the idea of him breaking from whatever religious propaganda was forced upon him, and still finding an even closer connection with his faith and with God. Those iconoclastic elements to the character made him very interesting to me." For the role, Cage learned horseback riding from Camilla Naprous and her team of horse trainers in England. Cage also worked with a fight choreographer to learn swordfighting.
Perlman plays Felson, a knight who is Behmen's best friend and fellow combatant during the Crusades. Perlman said of choosing the role, "I love the character. I'm actually more comfortable being a sidekick, because I don't get blamed if it is a complete disaster. I really liked ... his mindset, I liked his irreverence. In the world of seriousness, he's a guy who thinks it's all bullshit. He's just in it for the whores and the sword fights." Perlman described Felson's religion, "Whereas Behmen has a very well-articulated idea of his relationship to country and church and spirituality and God, Felson has none. He doesn't bother to spend any time thinking about that."
Foy appears in her feature-film debut as the girl who is accused of being a witch. Known for her titular role in the British miniseries "Little Dorrit", she met Sena and sought the role in "Season of the Witch". She explained the choice, "It's quite a manipulative role; the character does a "lot" of manipulating. Pitting other people against each other, being quite mischievous... That was something I thought would obviously be good to do." Foy researched witchcraft and demonic possession for the role. She described its appeal, "Playing a character that was making things happen, and mainly in control of an entire group of men. And for once, be the character that is completely in the know about everything. There is nothing that she doesn't know. Nothing is a surprise. And she is able to deal with every single situation that arises the way that she sees fit. And I think that was quite refreshing to be able to play a character that wasn't entirely beholden to everyone else."
Visual effects.
For "Season of the Witch", Tippett Studio designed the demon that manifests in the film's denouement. The art directors researched woodcuts and other artwork for classic demonic appearances. The filmmakers requested an entity "lithe and feminine", and the visual effects crew designed a demon that had "cloven feet, a dog ankle and a fawn leg". Designing visual effects for the demon's wings was the biggest challenge since wings tend to get in the way or do not move convincingly. The filmmakers also requested holes in the demon's wings. The crew designed holes that appeared worn instead of ripped since ripped holes would require an added billowing effect.
The demon was also designed to have dark gray skin, which presented the crew a challenge in the film's dark settings. Tippett's Blair Clark said, "We played the skin like a rotten mummy: nothing too moist, with a lot of wear marks on it." The crew's final visual effects shot was the death of the demon, and they researched previous films and terminology for how demons' deaths have been designed. They drew inspiration from "Hellboy" (2004) where they focused on the buildup to the demon's death. Clark said, "We built it over a series of shots so it doesn't just happen in one shot. We had little patches on the demon that start to crack and result in a glow that looks like it's burning from within."
Release.
Lionsgate scheduled "Season of the Witch" to be released on March 19, 2010, but five weeks before the date, the studio decided to pull the film from release. Lionsgate originally had an output deal with Relativity Media, but since Relativity had formed its own marketing and distribution arm in 2010, Relativity chose to release the film themselves and in October 2010 set the film's new release date for January 7, 2011. "Season of the Witch" was Relativity's first inhouse production.
"Season of the Witch" in January 2010 had been rated PG-13 (parental guidance for children 13 and under) by the Motion Picture Association of America, citing "thematic elements, violence, and disturbing content". The studio edited the film and re-submitted it to the MPAA in November 2010 for a new rating. The MPAA gave the film the same rating and reason for it as before.
The film had its world premiere in New York City on January 4, 2011. The film was released commercially on January 7, 2011 in several territories. Pre-release polling had indicated young men were the core demographic for the film, though more women than expected expressed interest in the film. Experts anticipated that the film would gross US$10–12 million on its opening weekend in the United States and Canada. The film was released in 2,816 theaters in the two territories. It grossed , ranking third at the box office after "True Grit" and "Little Fockers", which were both released at the end of 2010. Relativity Media's exit polling showed that the audience was 52% male and that 61% were 25 years old and up. "Los Angeles Times" reported that an "unusually high" 69% of the audience was nonwhite. "Entertainment Weekly" reported that the racial diversity of "Season of the Witch"s audiences was common for supernatural thrillers; the breakdown was 36% Hispanic, 31% Caucasian, 14% Asian, 10% African-American, and 9% "other". According to CinemaScore, audiences gave the film a C+ grade. The film was the second release by Relativity and performed better than its first release, "The Warrior's Way" (2010). The opening weekend was not the lowest of Nicolas Cage's career; it was better than "The Wicker Man" (2006), "Next" (2007) and "Bangkok Dangerous" (2008).
"Season of the Witch" grossed in the United States and Canada and in other territories for a worldwide total of .
Home media.
20th Century Fox Home Entertainment (under a new output license deal with Relativity) released the film on DVD and Blu-ray on , 2011. 20th Television holds pay-per-view, on-demand, and television rights to this film under Fox's new deal with Relativity/Rogue.
Critical reception.
Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 10% based on reviews from 109 critics and reports a rating average of 3.6 out of 10. It reported the consensus, "Slow, cheap-looking, and dull, "Season of the Witch" fails even as unintentional comedy." At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the film received an average score of 28 based on 27 reviews. The film earned a Razzie Award nomination for Nicolas Cage as Worst Actor, but lost to Adam Sandler for "Jack and Jill" and "Just Go with It".
Associated Press movie critic Christy Lemire called "Season of the Witch" "a supernatural action thriller that's never actually thrilling". She wrote, "The scenery is drab, the battles are interchangeable, and no one seems particularly interested in being here. At the same time, Dominic Sena ... never flat-out goes for it in a schlocky, B-horror kind of way. What we're left with is just bloated, boring and utterly forgettable." The critic found Cage and Perlman to be poorly utilized and said of the film's progression, "It's a slog from one challenge to the next, with no real tension building, and all the while the alleged witch plays coy about whether she's actually a witch, pouting beneath her bangs, Kristen Stewart-style."
According to the "Los Angeles Times", critics said that Cage was the primary reason that "this swords-and-sorcery romp is a collosal waste of time". Andrew Barker of "Variety" said "Season of the Witch" was "both overblown and undercooked" and thought the film would have been more fun if it had a sense of humor. He called the film "too inert for midnight-movie schadenfreudists, and not nearly competent enough for even the most forgiving of fantasy fans". Of the film's production value, he said, ""Witch"s photography, costumes and production design are of good quality; editing, scoring and visual effects are most decidedly not."
Tom Huddleston of "Time Out London" wrote, "Despite its admirably straight face, "Season of the Witch" is a silly romp through Pythonesque medieval cliché and knockabout Hammer horror with a dash of cut-price Tolkien chucked in to keep things moving." Huddleston criticized Cage's performance but praised Perlman's. The critic concluded, ""Season of the Witch" is not for everyone: it’s creaky, predictable and frequently idiotic. But for a tipsy Saturday night, this should tick all the right boxes."
"Salon"s Andrew O'Hehir called the film a "Hollywood-by-Hungary" remake with the "B-movie aesthetic" of director Roger Corman. O'Hehir wrote, ""Season of the Witch" is an unremitting schlockfest, full of blood and filth, bloated, purulent corpses, ghastly one-eyed witches and undead monks. If there were more such Corman-esque thrills and chills, and a whole bunch less ponderous Bergman references, we'd all be better off."

</doc>
<doc id="20402420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402420" title="Anghel Saligny metro station">
Anghel Saligny metro station

Anghel Saligny, known for a short time as Linia de Centură ("belt line"), is a metro station in southeastern Bucharest on Line M3. It is the final stop of the Preciziei - Anghel Saligny M3 extension.
Originally planned to serve the large industrial estates in the area and replace the obsolete surface tram line, now it serves suburban commuters. 

</doc>
<doc id="20402429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402429" title="NGC 11">
NGC 11

NGC 11 is a spiral galaxy located in the Andromeda constellation. It is located at right ascension ; declination ; under J2000.0 coordinates.

</doc>
<doc id="20402431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402431" title="Edwyn Hoskyns">
Edwyn Hoskyns

Edwyn Hoskyns may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20402434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402434" title="Grandview Mine">
Grandview Mine

The Grandview Mine, also known as the Last Chance Mine, was operated by Pete Berry from 1892 until 1901 in what later became Grand Canyon National Park. The Grandview Mine Historic District includes what remains of the mine shafts and machinery as well as the ruins of a stone house and sleeping shanty. Physical evidence, including low stone walls and construction debris, suggests that several wood structures were also originally present on the site.
Pete Berry established Last Chance Mine on Horseshoe Mesa in 1892. He constructed the four-mile Grandview Trail down to the copper mine, and in 1893 began hauling ore out by mule. Although the ore was over 70% pure copper and won a prize at the Columbian Exposition in Chicago, the mine did not prove profitable, and in 1901 Berry and his partners sold it to the Canyon Copper Company, who operated it until 1907. The mine was then acquired by William Randolph Hearst, who sold it to the National Park Service in 1940.
The mineralization at the mine is secondary copper minerals in a breccia zone along a monocline flexure in Navajo Sandstone. Redwall Limestone is bleached, brecciated and marbleized. Grandview is the type locality for grandviewite, a copper aluminium silicate. Grandview produced exceptionally fine mineral specimens of cyanotrichite, brochantite, chalcoalumite, and many other copper and uranium minerals. These specimens are now rare, as mineral collecting is not permitted in the National Park.
In 2009, the mines were gated to protect bat roosts, support on-going bat research, preserve historic mine resources, and promote visitor safety. The gating project was done by Mine Gates, Inc., with support from Grand Canyon National Park, Bat Conservational International, and Freeport-McMoRan. Details of the mine site, as well as manufacturing and installation of each bat gate are documented on the MineGates site.

</doc>
<doc id="20402459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402459" title="Buckskin Joe, Park County, Colorado">
Buckskin Joe, Park County, Colorado

Buckskin Joe, also called Laurette or Lauret, is a deserted ghost town in Colorado, United States. It was an early mining town, and county seat of Park County, Colorado.
History.
The area was first settled by Americans in 1859 during the Pikes Peak Gold Rush, when gold was discovered along Buckskin Creek, on the east side of the Mosquito Range. At the time of its first settlement, the town was in the western part of Kansas Territory.
The town was formally organized in September 1860 and named Laurette, a contraction of the first names of the only two women in the camp. But it was always more popularly known as Buckskin Joe, after Joseph Higginbottom, an early trapper and prospector. Little is known for certain about Higginbottom. Some accounts refer to him as an African-American; some accounts say that he was the one who first discovered gold in the vicinity of the town.
Mining shifted to rich hardrock deposits in the Phillips lode and other veins. By 1861, when the Laurette/Buckskin Joe Post Office opened, in the newly formed Colorado Territory, the town boasted two hotels, fourteen stores, and a bank. On January 7, 1862 the county seat of Park County moved to Buckskin Joe from Tarryall, now also a ghost town. At its peak, the town was credited with a population of 5,000, but historian Robert L. Brown considers this number far too large. 
The placer and vein gold deposits were rich, but were quickly exhausted. By 1866, the town was reported to be deserted, and the courthouse building was moved down the valley to the new county seat of Fairplay. In the late 1950s, Horace Tabor's general store was dismantled, hauled away, and reassembled at the tourist attraction and movie set also called Buckskin Joe, away from the original site.
Location.
The site of Buckskin Joe is about west of Alma, Colorado, at , at an altitude of above mean sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="20402465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402465" title="Mister International 2008">
Mister International 2008

Mister International 2008, the 3rd Mister International male pageant was held in Tainan, Taiwan on November 24, 2008. 30 contestants competed for the title, marking the biggest edition in the pageant history. Mister International 2007, Alan Martini of Brazil crown his successor Ngo Tien Doan of Vietnam as the new Mister International. For the first time, Top 15 finalists were selected. 

</doc>
<doc id="20402469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402469" title="Nicolae Teclu metro station">
Nicolae Teclu metro station

Nicolae Teclu, known for a short time as Policolor is a metro station in southeastern Bucharest on Line M3. It is on the Nicolae Grigorescu - Anghel Saligny M3 branch and was opened on November 20, 2008. It is named after Nicolae Teclu, a Romanian chemist.

</doc>
<doc id="20402539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402539" title="NGC 12">
NGC 12

NGC 12 is a spiral galaxy in the Pisces constellation.

</doc>
<doc id="20402558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402558" title="Sean Whitesell">
Sean Whitesell

Sean Whitesell is an American film and television actor, who is also a television writer and producer. He studied acting at the University of California in San Diego, where he received an MFA in acting. Whitesell is best known for his portrayal of cannibalistic inmate Donald Groves, the initial cellmate of Miguel Alvarez (Kirk Acevedo), in season 1 of HBO's "Oz", on which he was a regular until his character's execution. In 2002, Whitesell returned to the show, but not to act; he wrote and produced several episodes in the show's later seasons. Whitesell has acted almost exclusively in television, aside from some early minor film roles, such as in "Calendar Girl" opposite Jason Priestley. He also served as both a writer and a recurring guest actor on "", in addition to appearing in the television movie that concluded the series in 2000. Although Whitesell has not acted since "Homcide" ended, he was a producer for most of the fourth season of "House", and also wrote one episode, "Ugly". He produced and wrote for a few other recent successful series, including "The Black Donnellys", "Boston Public" and "Cold Case".

</doc>
<doc id="20402582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402582" title="Stockholm municipal election, 1973">
Stockholm municipal election, 1973

A Stockholm municipal election was held on 16 September 1973 to allocate the 101 seats of the Stockholm City Council ("Stockholms stadsfullmäktige") amongst the various Swedish political parties using a party-list proportional representation system. The election was held concurrently with a Swedish parliamentary election. Voter turnout for the municipal election in Stockholm was 88.6%.

</doc>
<doc id="20402587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402587" title="Saxmen">
Saxmen

Saxmen is the third album by David Murray to be released on Bob Thiele's Red Baron label. It was released in 1993 and features performances by Murray, John Hicks, Ray Drummond and Andrew Cyrille.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 2 stars stating "The rhythm section (pianist John Hicks, bassist Ray Drummond and drummer Andrew Cyrille) largely ignores the tenor's improvisations, making this one of David Murray's more forgettable recordings.".

</doc>
<doc id="20402591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402591" title="Moon-Airel Formation">
Moon-Airel Formation

The Moon-Airel Formation is a geological formation in France. It dates back to the early Hettangian.

</doc>
<doc id="20402646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402646" title="Federal Trade Commission v. Dean Foods Company">
Federal Trade Commission v. Dean Foods Company

FTC v. Dean Foods Co, , is a 1966 decision of the United States Supreme Court holding that the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) may sue in federal court to obtain a preliminary injunction to maintain the status quo against the consummation of a merger if the agency persuasively contend it to violate the antitrust laws.
More broadly, the "Dean Foods"' case stands for the proposition that a federal agency may, by invoking the "All Writs Act," seek equitable relief in federal court against a person's threatened action that will substantially interfere with the agency's performance of its statutory duty and thus adversely affect the relevant court's ability to review the agency's ultimate order with respect to the threatened action.
Facts.
Dean Foods and Bowman Dairy, two substantial competitors in the sale of milk in the Chicago area, agreed to a merger. Dean was the second largest firm and Bowman the third or fourth, and together they accounted for 23% of sales in the area. The FTC filed an administrative complaint to prevent the merger and sought to maintain the status quo pending completion of administrative hearings by filing a petition with the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit for a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction under the All Writs Act 
The FTC argued that injunctive relief was needed because otherwise, Dean would eliminate Bowman as a competitive entity by selling off its milk routes and its plants and equipment. This would prevent restoration of Dean as an effective competitor if the merger was found unlawful. The FTC maintained that such preemptive action by Dean would effectively deprive the court of appeals of its appellate jurisdiction to review the FTC’s final order because any order would be meaningless as a practical matter. The Seventh Circuit dismissed the petition on the ground that the FTC lacked authority to seek such relief since Congress had no passed any statute giving the FTC authority to seek a preliminary injunction. At that point Dean began closing Bowman down and eliminating it as a business.
Judgment.
The Court noted that the FTC had several times, without success, asked Congress to pass a law authorizing it to obtain preliminary injunctions in merger cases. The Court said, "Congress neither enacted nor rejected these proposals; it simply did not act on them." In any case, the Court added, nothing has limited the courts' powers under the All Writs Act. "We thus hold that the Commission has standing to seek preliminary relief from the Court of Appeals under the circumstances alleged."
Significance.
The reasoning of the Court is not limited to the FTC and by its terms would apply with equal force to any other federal agency in similar circumstances. However, the principle may be limited to situations of great urgency. In "FTC v. PepsiCo, Inc"., the FTC sough a preliminary injunction against a merger and the Second Circuit denied it. The court said that, under "Dean Foods", an injunction can issue only if the Commission can show that "an effective remedial order, once the merger was implemented, would otherwise be virtually impossible, thus rendering the enforcement of any final decree of divestiture futile." The Second Circuit thought that the merger probably violated the antitrust laws but did not believe that effective relief would be “virtually impossible.”

</doc>
<doc id="20402662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402662" title="SEPTA Route 79">
SEPTA Route 79

SEPTA Route 79 is a former trolley bus ("trackless trolley" in local terminology) and current bus route, operated by the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority (SEPTA) in South Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. The line runs between the Point Breeze neighborhood and the vicinity of Pier 70 along the Delaware River. Trackless trolleys replaced buses in 1961 but were suspended in 2003, and the authority later decided against restoring trackless trolley service. Trolley cars (streetcars) had served route 79 from 1912 until 1956.
Description.
The line begins at Snyder Loop west of 29th Street, which includes 29th Street, Vare Avenue (a frontage road along Interstate 76), and then heads east along Snyder Avenue, the very street the line was named after. At 25th Street, a viaduct above the street and the line is for a former Pennsylvania Railroad rail spur designed to serve neighborhood industries. Major intersections along this line include 22nd Street, Passyunk Avenue, and Broad Street, where commuters can connect to Snyder Station on the Broad Street Subway Line, along with the "Fairfax Bus and Bagel," a bagel shop that serves as an auxiliary bus stop for Greyhound and other buses. The next major crossings are at 12th and 11th Streets which carry the southbound and northbound segments of SEPTA Route 23. Route 23 was a streetcar line that was downgraded to a bus route in 1992. This line spanned from South Philadelphia to Chestnut Hill in Northwest Philadelphia.
Just east of Front Street and under I-95, Route 79 runs though Snyder Plaza. Besides the former Route 29 trolley bus, other connections to Route 79 in this area include SEPTA bus routes 7, 25, and 64. Eastbound buses turn north on Dilworth Street until they reach Columbus Boulevard, near Pier 70. The route then turns down Columbus Boulevard until it reaches Snyder Street and head west again before passing by another shopping center known as Columbus Commons. All buses are ADA-compliant, and contain bicycle racks. "Night Owl" service is also available.
End of trolley bus service.
Along with SEPTA Routes 59, 66, 75 and 29, the Route 79 trolley bus was downgraded to a diesel bus route in 2003. Trolley buses were used in service on Route 79 for the last time on June 30, 2003. At that time, Route 79 been the only Philadelphia route using trolley buses since February 2003, because Route 29 had been converted to diesel buses in February, and Routes 59, 66 and 75 had already been temporarily operated by diesels since June 8, 2002.
Trolley bus on Routes 59, 66 and 75 was restored in 2008. A proposal to restore trolleybus service along Route 79 (along with 29) was considered by SEPTA in 2006, after the authority had placed an order for 38 new trolley buses for (only) Routes 59, 66 and 75. However, in October 2006 the authority's board voted against any further consideration of purchasing new trolley buses to allow Routes 29 or 79 to be restored, a decision that effectively eliminated the possibility that trolley bus service might return to route 79 (or 29).

</doc>
<doc id="20402671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402671" title="Grand Canyon National Park Superintendent's Residence">
Grand Canyon National Park Superintendent's Residence

The Grand Canyon National Park Superintendent's Residence is a National Park Service Rustic style building, designed in 1921 by Daniel Ray Hull of the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs as the park's first headquarters building. The visitor information room was financed by a donation from the Brooklyn Daily Eagle newspaper. The building was altered in 1931 by Thomas Chalmers Vint to be the park superintendent's residence, superseded as headquarters by the Grand Canyon Park Operations Building It is included in the Grand Canyon Village National Historic Landmark District.
Description.
As originally built the structure was a relatively small two-story, L-shaped administrative building with a stone first floor and a frame second floor. When it was converted to a residence in 1931 it was enlarged in a sympathetic manner, retaining its original design vocabulary. The main living quarters are on the upper level, with eight rooms including the living room, dining room, kitchen, bedrooms and bathrooms, with stone fireplaces in the dining and living rooms. The main entrance is from a porch off the living room. The downstairs features a family room with another stone fireplace, formerly the visitor information office. There remainder of the lower level is occupied by a variety of rooms and winding corridors that connect to a two-car garage.
Historic designation.
The Superintendent's Residence was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 6, 1974. It is a major contributing component to the Grand Canyon Village Historic District, a National Historic Landmark District.

</doc>
<doc id="20402680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402680" title="Ambroise Yxemerry">
Ambroise Yxemerry

Ambroise Yxemerry (born September 28, 1917) is a French Polynesian editor and journalist of French birth.

</doc>
<doc id="20402687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402687" title="Superintendent's Residence">
Superintendent's Residence

Superintendent's Residence or variations may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20402711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402711" title="Saltrio Formation">
Saltrio Formation

The Saltrio Formation is a geological formation in Italy. It dates back to the middle Sinemurian.

</doc>
<doc id="20402745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402745" title="The Blind Man">
The Blind Man

The Blind Man was an art and Dada journal published by the New York Dadaists in 1917.
Henri-Pierre Roche, Beatrice Wood, and Mina Loy contributed to the first, "Independents' Number" issue; Walter Arensberg ("Axiom", "Theorem", poems), Gabrielle Buffet-Picabia ("Marie Laurencin", essay), Robert Carlton (Bob) Brown (poems), Frank Crowninshield (letter), Charles Demuth ("For Richard Mutt", poem), Marcel Duchamp, Charles Duncan (poem), an essay about Louis Michael Eilshemius, Mina Loy (prose), Louise Norton (essay), Francis Picabia ("Medusa", poem), Joseph Stella ("Coney Island", picture), Frances Simpson Stevens (1894-1976) (poem), Alfred Stieglitz ("Fountain by R. Mutt", photography; letter) and Clara Tice (drawing) to the second. The magazine only saw two editions to publication.
Volume 2 is best known for the group's reaction to the rejection of Duchamp's "Fountain" to a 1917 unjuried art show.

</doc>
<doc id="20402788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402788" title="Songs of Hope Summer Camp">
Songs of Hope Summer Camp

Songs of Hope is an international performing arts camp founded in 1990. In a unique spin on traditional summer camp formats, its sponsoring organization, the Minnesota nonprofit organization, Sounds of Hope, Ltd., intentionally assembles international delegations of young people aged 10–13 from countries worldwide to create a global community within the camp. Campers from the United States and countries worldwide join the country delegations and participate in a program of cultural sharing. The country delegations are partly subsidized by corporate and foundation donors. The project also emphasizes performance, with its campers presenting a three-week concert tour at the end of each summer’s six-week session, reaching audiences numbering in the thousands with performances celebrating world cultures and global unity.
Under-Served Audiences and Low-Income Youth.
In these two respects, the nonprofit ' project differs from most summer camp types. Through its donors, including state and federal funding agencies such as the Metropolitan Regional Arts Council and the National Endowment for the Arts, and private funders such as the Travelers Foundation and General Mills Foundation, the project partly subsidizes not only the country delegations, but also the participation of a number of low-income U.S. and international participants. Donations from supporters also enable the organizers to present low-cost outreach concerts to audiences who have less access to global music or who live with disabilities that keep them from most live art events, such as the clients of Partnership Resources and Midway Training Services.
History.
The first Songs of Hope project took place in 1991. The project was the brainchild of City of Saint Paul, Minnesota residents, Jeanne Junge and Tom Surprenant. When they met, in 1987, Ms. Junge had a degree in acting and directing from the University of Minnesota, formal training in dance and voice, years of experience as a performing artist and as an artist-in-the-schools, and an award-filled resume as a producer of the children’s recordings. Awards for the innovative Women of Courage series produced by Ms. Junge included two Parents' Choice Gold Seals and three American Library Association Notable Recordings. Though not an educator, Mr. Surprenant’s first work experience after college was as a staff member of the Dartmouth College Outward Bound School. This experience gave him a strong interest in experiential education. Both Junge and Surprenant had also traveled extensively.
They began creating the framework of a project that reflected their passions for travel, cultural experiences, music, kids, and hands-on learning, which eventually led them to envision the Songs of Hope project. Their idea was to bring delegations of a boy and girl aged 10–13 from many countries worldwide in order to present an international concert to local audiences.
First Project.
With help from Saint Paul Mayor James Scheibel, they asked friends and community leaders, including Dick Cohen and Mark Dayton to be part of their first board of advisors or to make donations. They then asked community philanthropists to provide funding. Simultaneously, they approached the committees of Saint Paul’s six international Sister Cities, again with Mayor Scheibel’s support, asking the committees’ members to organize delegations of young performers from Saint Paul’s Sister Cities in Japan, Italy, People's Republic of China, Mexico, the Soviet Union, and South Africa. Eventually, all the Sister Cities except Lawaiikamp, South Africa, sent youth delegations. Lawaiikamp, a Black Township from the era of apartheid, was unable to participate for financial reasons.They also recruited twenty-one local youth to be part of the project. 
The boy-girl delegations from the five Sister Cities also included one adult companion each, who acted as the children’s companions, interpreters, and chaperones. 
Sharing rooms together, most of the youths lived in a dormitory at the College of St. Catherine, St. Paul. Rehearsals were held on the college campus. For financial reasons, only ten of the U.S. participants lived on site; the other eleven performed in the concert, but commuted to and from rehearsals daily.
The first project was three weeks long, culminating with a single concert on the stage of O’Shaughnessy Auditorium, College of St. Catherine. Almost as soon as it ended, Junge and Surprenant started thinking that they had to do another project. As it turned out, their second project in 1994 led to a third, and then to a fourth, and at last count to a string of fifteen summer projects in a row.
The project remains non-profit, with an emphasis both on preparing its youth participants to be global citizens with a respect for world cultures, and also on providing concerts to under-served audiences. For the project’s diverse audience members, the concert tour every summer celebrates global cultures through its program of songs and dances.
Awards and Accomplishments.
Since 1991, the project has performed more than four hundred concerts of varying lengths, ranging from full 90-minute shows to special 20-minute arts-in-service concerts. Total audiences now exceed 90,000. The first project in 1991 received an Award of Excellence from Sister Cities International and Reader's Digest, Inc. It was later recognized with a Peacemaker Award for its service to local youth from the Office of the Minnesota Lieutenant Governor. In 2004, 2005, and 2008 the Presidential Coming Up Taller awards program recognized Songs of Hope and its youth leadership development program as semifinalists, an honor given to fifty top youth arts programs nationwide out of about 300 nominees annually. The Coming Up Taller awards are sponsored by the President’s Committee on the Arts and the Humanities, the National Endowment for the Arts, the Institute of Museum and Library Services, and the National Endowment for the Humanities. The project has twice received an Access to Artistic Excellence grant from the NEA for separate legs of a long-term project to tour gradually down the Mississippi River piece by piece.

</doc>
<doc id="20402823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402823" title="Pinheiro Machado (politician)">
Pinheiro Machado (politician)

José Gomes Pinheiro Machado (May 8, 1851 - September 8, 1915) was a Brazilian republican politician. He fought for the establishment of the Republic in Brazil and for its consolidation. 
He fought on the republican side in the Federalist Revolution (Revolução Federalista), commanding the North Division (Divisão do Norte) and winning a victory over the monarchist forces at the battle of Passo Fundo in 1894.
He was a senator for the state of Rio Grande do Sul from 1890 until his assassination in 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="20402831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402831" title="Phiale (building)">
Phiale (building)

Phiale is a term in Ancient Greek architecture for a building or columned arcade around a fountain, the equivalent of the Roman nymphaeum. The falling water from the fountain was and usually still is collected in a flattish bowl-shaped bowl, the usual meaning of phiale, as a shape for a vessel in Ancient Greek pottery or silverware. 
In Byzantine architecture the phiale was also built in the atrium of, or just outside, a church or the "katholikon" (main church) of a monastery. Typically, there is an open arcade of columns supporting a small dome, often octagonal, as a symbol of the mystery (sacrament) of baptism or new life. In addition to allowing visitors to wash and refresh themselves before entering the church, the phiale is used for taking water for benedictions and in the ceremony of the Great Blessing of Waters at Epiphany.

</doc>
<doc id="20402844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402844" title="Juhan Aare">
Juhan Aare

Juhan Aare (born 20 February 1948) is an Estonian journalist and politician, and the founder of the Estonian Green Movement (not to be confused with current Estonian Green Party). Since 3 December 2002 he is member of the People's Union of Estonia. In the 1980s he was a journalist in the TV-program "Panda", which dealt with environmental issues.
His younger brother is musician Tõnu Aare (born 1953).

</doc>
<doc id="20402862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402862" title="Toivo Aare">
Toivo Aare

Toivo Aare (April 20, 1944 Harjumaa – April 29, 1999 Tallinn) was an Estonian journalist.

</doc>
<doc id="20402870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402870" title="List of NECBL seasons">
List of NECBL seasons

This is a list of New England Collegiate Baseball League seasons since the league started in 1994.
1994 | 1995 | 1996 | 1997 | 1998 | 1999 | 2000 | 2001 | 2002 | 2003 | 2004 | 2005 | 2006 | 2007 | 2008 | 2009 | 2010 | 2011 | 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20402881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402881" title="Allan Alaküla">
Allan Alaküla

Allan Alaküla (born 11 September 1968 in Kohtla-Järve) is an Estonian journalist. 
Head of Tallinn European Union Office in Brussels since 2007 and chair of Tallinn Media Council since 2010. Since July 2012 chairman of supervisory board of Tallinn Television. 
Graduated from Tartu University history department (1993), refreshed in Birmingham University (1996) and Indian Institute of Mass Communication (2000). 
Was President of Estonian Union of Journalists 2001-2004 and member of Estonian Press Council 1999-2003. 
Worked as editorial writer in Estonian daily Postimees, as head of opinion department in daily Sõnumileht and as editor in chief in weekly Kesknädal. In Tallinn municipal administration held previously position of public relations director.

</doc>
<doc id="20402882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402882" title="A Drama in the Air">
A Drama in the Air

"A Drama in the Air" () is an adventure short story by Jules Verne.
The story was first published in August 1851 under the title "Science for families. A Voyage in a Balloon" ("La science en famille. Un voyage en ballon") in "Musée des familles" with five illustrations by Alexandre de Bar. In 1874, with six illustrations by Émile-Antoine Bayard, it was included in "Doctor Ox", the only collection of Jules Verne’s short stories published during Verne’s lifetime. An English translation by Anne T. Wilbur, was published in May 1852 in "Sartain’s Union Magazine of Literature", marked the first time a work by Jules Verne was translated into the English language.
Plot outline.
Just as the narrator starts the ascent of his balloon, a stranger jumps into its car. The unexpected passenger only intent is to take the balloon as high as it will go, even at the cost of his and pilot's life. The intruder takes advantage of the long journey to recount the history of incidents related to the epic of lighter-than-air travel.
This short story foreshadows Verne's first novel, "Five Weeks in a Balloon".
English publication.
The story has appeared in English translation in the following forms.
As "A Voyage in a Balloon" (translated by Anne T. Wilbur):
As "A Drama in Mid-Air" (translated by Abby L. Alger):
As "A Drama in the Air" (translated by George M. Towle):

</doc>
<doc id="20402907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402907" title="Buckey O'Neill Cabin">
Buckey O'Neill Cabin

The Buckey O'Neill Cabin was built in 1890 by William "Buckey" O'Neill in what would become Grand Canyon National Park. O'Neill was, among many other things, a member of Theodore Roosevelt's Rough Riders, who had previously been an author, sheriff, and a judge in his native Arizona. He was killed in action in Cuba in 1898, but was instrumental in establishing what would eventually become the Grand Canyon Railroad.
The cabin is the oldest extant structure on the South Rim. It was used as an office for tourist accommodations in the area during the 1890s, which eventually evolved into the Bright Angel Hotel. After the hotel was sold to the Fred Harvey Company it remained much as it was when built. It was incorporated into the rebuilt Bright Angel Lodge complex by Mary Jane Colter in 1935.
The one-story cabin is a wood frame structure on a low stone foundation, right on the edge of the Grand Canyon. The shallow-pitched roof is covered with wood shingles. The cabin is connected to other lodge buildings using compatible, unobtrusive materials, and has been cited as an early example of an adaptive reuse of a historic structure. The cabin is one of the guest accommodations of the Bright Angel lodge.
The Buckey O'Neill Cabin was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 29, 1975. It is included in the Grand Canyon Village National Historic Landmark District.

</doc>
<doc id="20402917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402917" title="Maire Aunaste">
Maire Aunaste

Maire Aunaste (née Ütt, born November 7, 1953) is an Estonian journalist.
She was an Estonian Television presenter for eight years, and news reporter for Aktuaalne kaamera. For a total of 10 years, she was hosting an ETV entertainment show "Out with you", and Kanal 2's "We."
April 27, 2005 in a poll published by the magazine "Week", Aunaste was selected as the second best TV host with 626 votes, after Anu Välba, and before Eda-Ines Etti. 
In 2007, she came in second again in the same election, and this time Anu Välba was first and Aigi Vahing third.
Fiction.
Maire Aunaste has written three books:
Family.
She has been married twice. Her daughter Elis is a journalist

</doc>
<doc id="20402923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402923" title="SEPTA Route 29">
SEPTA Route 29

SEPTA Route 29 is a former streetcar and trolley bus ("trackless trolley" in local terminology) line and current bus route, operated by the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority (SEPTA) in South Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. The line runs between the Gray's Ferry neighborhood and the vicinity of Pier 70 along the Delaware River. Route 29 was a streetcar line until 1950 and a trolley bus line until 2003.
Description.
Unlike the nearby SEPTA Route 79, Route 29 runs primarily along one-way streets. Eastbound buses run primarily along Morris Street, while westbound buses run primarily along Tasker Street. The west end of the Tasker Street segment turns north at 33rd Street, then east at Dickinson Street, then south at 32nd Street before heading east to Morris Street. Recent redevelopment of the Gray's Ferry area has disrupted this pattern.
At 25th Street, a viaduct above the two streets is for a former Pennsylvania Railroad rail spur designed to serve neighborhood industries. Major intersections along this line include 22nd Street, and Broad Street and connect to Tasker-Morris Station on the Broad Street Subway Line. The next major crossings are at 12th and 11th Streets which carry the southbound and northbound segments of SEPTA Route 23. Route 23 was also a former streetcar line that was downgraded to a bus route in 1992. This line spanned from South Philadelphia to Chestnut Hill in Northwest Philadelphia. Passyunk Avenue runs southwest to northeast in between these two intersections.
The one location where the eastbound and westbound buses share a street is on Tasker Street between Front Street and Columbus Boulevard. Eastbound buses turn south on Front Street along I-95, and then east towards Pier 70, at a shopping center called Snyder Plaza, where it turns back north to Tasker Street and heads west again. Connections at Pier 70 include 7, 25, 64, and 79. All buses are ADA-compliant, and contain bicycle racks.
End of trolley bus service.
Along with SEPTA Routes 59, 66, 75, and 79, the Route 29 trolley bus was downgraded to a diesel bus route in 2003. Trolley buses were used in service on Route 29 for the last time in mid-February 2003, on an unrecorded date between February 15 and February 22. A temporary route change, necessitated by major construction in the area, which detoured the service onto streets not equipped with overhead trolley wires, took effect on February 23, requiring diesel buses to take over all Route 29 service for an initially indefinite period. However, because of heavy snowfall and other factors the week before the route change, the actual last use of trolley buses on this route may have been as early as the 15th.
Trolley bus service on Routes 59, 66 and 75 was restored in 2008. A proposal to restore trolleybus service along Route 29 (along with 79) was considered by SEPTA in 2006, after the authority had placed an order for 38 new trolley buses for (only) Routes 59, 66 and 75. However, in October 2006 the authority's board voted against any further consideration of purchasing new trolley buses to allow Routes 29 or 79 to be restored, a decision that effectively eliminated the possibility that trolley bus service might return to route 29 (or 79).

</doc>
<doc id="20402933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402933" title="Colin Frizzell">
Colin Frizzell

Colin Frizzell (born 1971) is Canadian author of young adult novels from Prince Edward County, Ontario, Canada. He is a member of the Writers Union of Canada, the Irish Writers’ Union, the Canada Children’s Book Centre and the Canadian Society of Children's Authors, Illustrators and Performers (CANSCAIP)
Colin has penned two novels, both published by the highly acclaimed Orca Book Publishers located in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.
His first novel, "Chill", was published in 2006 and as part of Orca Book Publishers award winning Orca Soundings series. The School Library Journal (US) said Chill was "...perfect for struggling and reluctant readers." Chill has also received notable praise from Kliatt and CM Magazine.
Colin's second novel, "Just J" received a Toronto Arts Council grant. Published in 2007, Just J was named as one of the top ten choices for young readers by the Ontario Library Association. The Canadian Children’s Book Centre also starred Just J in their Best Books for Kids & Teens 2008 magazine. Just J has also received positive reviews from the Globe and Mail, Voya, Kliatt, CM Magazine and School Library Journal. Just J has been translated for release in Norway and Sweden through TL-Klubben.

</doc>
<doc id="20402950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402950" title="A German Requiem">
A German Requiem

A German Requiem may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20402957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402957" title="Lilli Suburg">
Lilli Suburg

Lilli Suburg ( in Rõusa Manor – 8 February 1923 in Valga) was an Estonian journalist, writer and feminist. In 1882, she established a private primary school for Estonian girls in Pärnu, in 1885 she moved it to Viljandi where the number of pupils grew to 80. In 1887–1894, she published the first women's magazine in Estonia, "Linda".

</doc>
<doc id="20402966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402966" title="Karl Martin Sinijärv">
Karl Martin Sinijärv

Karl Martin Sinijärv (born June 4, 1971 in Tallinn) is an Estonian journalist and a poet.
By 2011, Sinijärv had published 8 poetry books and a cookbook. His poetry has been characterized as etnofuturist, bringing estrangement of language to the brink of self-parody. Sinijärv's first book of poems was published in 1989 in a collection with three other poetry books by Tõnu Trubetsky, Ringo Ringvee and Märt Väljataga.
Sinijärv has written numerous articles in media. He has also been the anchor of culture shows "OP!" and "Jüri Üdi klubi" in Estonian public television channel Eesti Televisioon for more than 10 years.
Since April 2007, Sinijärv is the chairman of Estonian Writers' Union.
Karl Martin Sinijärv is the son of politician and diplomat Riivo Sinijärv. His grandfather was futurist and socialist poet Erni Hiir.

</doc>
<doc id="20402980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402980" title="Mart Ummelas">
Mart Ummelas

Mart Ummelas (born 20 August 1953 in Tallinn) is an Estonian journalist.
He currently is a member of the Executive Board of Tallinn Television.

</doc>
<doc id="20402991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20402991" title="Jazzosaurus Rex">
Jazzosaurus Rex

Jazzosaurus Rex is an album by David Murray released on Bob Thiele's Red Baron label. It was released in 1993 and features performances by Murray, John Hicks, Ray Drummond and Andrew Cyrille.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars stating "The poet G'ar's narration on a blues "Now He's Miles Away" (a tribute to Miles Davis) is a bit trivial but only a minor flaw for this worthwhile David Murray set.".

</doc>
<doc id="20403005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403005" title="Sir Edwyn Hoskyns, 13th Baronet">
Sir Edwyn Hoskyns, 13th Baronet

Hoskyns was born in Notting Hill, London, the eldest child and only son of Bishop Edwyn Hoskyns (1851–1925). He was a fellow and Dean of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, and a notable biblical scholar. On his father's death in 1925, he succeeded to the baronetcy. His influence on the next generation of clergymen was considerable. e.g. on Michael Ramsey and Gabriel Hebert.

</doc>
<doc id="20403006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403006" title="Mart Kadastik">
Mart Kadastik

Mart Kadastik (born March 24, 1955) is an Estonian journalist, the Editor in chief of Estonia's largest daily "Edasi"/Postimees 1977 - 1998, and executive director and Chairman of the Board of Eesti Meedia since 1998, the media group in Estonia controlling about one third of the national press market.

</doc>
<doc id="20403068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403068" title="Hovah Hall Underwood">
Hovah Hall Underwood

Hovah Hall Underwood (April 12, 1919 – September 24, 2004) was an American from West Virginia. She was a Methodist. She was the wife of former Governor of West Virginia Cecil H. Underwood and served as that state's First Lady 1957-1961 and 1997-2001.
Biography.
Hovah Hall Underwood was born on April 12, 1919 in Grantsville, West Virginia. During her schooling, she became an accomplished musician, playing the piano and saxophone fluently and later giving private lessons. She graduated in 1937 from Grantsville High School.
She graduated with an A.B. Degree from Salem College in Salem, West Virginia, and a Certificate in Social Work from West Virginia University. Underwood went on to teach at Grantsville Grade School, later working at a defense plant during World War II before serving ten years as a child welfare employee.
While at Salem College, she met her future husband, Cecil H. Underwood, through her two sisters when they were classmates. They were wed on July 25, 1948 at Knotts Methodist Church in Grantsville.
Underwood served as first lady to her husband who was Governor of West Virginia from 1957 until 1961 and from 1997 until 2001. She supported and assisted with a variety of causes, including Big Brothers Big Sisters of America, the Huntington Museum of Art, Marshall University Artist Series, the United Methodist Church Foundation, and America's Promise. She was a member of various organizations, including Daughters of the American Revolution, Governor's Mansion Preservation Foundation, West Virginia Symphony League and the American Association of Social Workers.
She died on September 24, 2004, aged 85, from complications of a stroke. Her body was donated to Marshall University's Joan C. Edwards School of Medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="20403115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403115" title="Ijuh">
Ijuh

Ijuh is a small town on Nauru.

</doc>
<doc id="20403126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403126" title="Luboš Perek">
Luboš Perek

Luboš Perek is a Czech astronomer, born in 1919.
He is most renowned for his "Catalogue of Galactic Planetary Nebulae" with Luboš Kohoutek in 1967. He also worked or works on the distribution of mass in the galaxy, high-velocity stars, planetary nebulae, definition of outer space, geostationary orbit, space debris, management of outer space.
He graduated from Masaryk University, Brno, in 1946, earned his PhD in Astronomy Charles University, Prague, in 1956, and a DSc in Astronomy in 1961.
Corresponding Member of the Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences in 1965.
Associate Professor, Masaryk University from 1952 to 1956.
Visiting Professor, Northwestern University 1964.
General Secretary of the International Astronomical Union 1967-1970.
Director of the Astronomical Institute of Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences 1968-1975.
Chief, Outer Space Affairs Division, United Nations, New York 1975-1980.
Medals: University of Liège 1969, ADION 1972, T. Hagecius de Hajek 1980, Nagy Ernö 1981, Zagreb Univ. 1982, City of Paris 1982, Collège de France 1986, Prix Jules Janssen of the Societé Astronomique de France 1992.
The asteroid 2900 Luboš Perek, discovered by Kohoutek, was named after him.
He published 44 papers on stellar dynamics and planetary nebulae and 80 papers and articles on the geostationary orbit, definition of outer space, space debris, protection of space environment.

</doc>
<doc id="20403135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403135" title="Grand Canyon North Rim Headquarters">
Grand Canyon North Rim Headquarters

The Grand Canyon North Rim Headquarters is a historic district on the North Rim of the Grand Canyon in Grand Canyon National Park. Established from 1926 through the 1930s, the district includes examples of National Park Service Rustic architecture as applied to employee residences, administrative facilities and service structures.
History.
The North Rim experienced very little development until 1926, in part due to the intervention of Senator Ralph Cameron, who held commercial interests in the park area prior to its establishment, and who prevented funding of North Rim improvements. Starting in 1926, the first structures included the Ranger Residence and the accompanying wood shed and horse barn. Additional structures were added during the late 1920s and 1930s, including various equipment storage areas, warehouses, and residences. The last structure to be constructed as part of the North Rim Headquarters was an equipment shed in 1936. Over the years, the use of these buildings has changed considerably, however, in most instances, these changes do not affect the exterior of the structure. The most significant architectural qualities are limited to the exterior facades, the fireplace in Residence No. 102, and to the wrought iron door hinges on several of the maintenance buildings.
Description.
The district comprises two sections, each with residences. The eastern portion includes a garage and a ranger station, while the western group includes an office, a barn and maintenance buildings. The oldest structure, a residence, is a one-story gable-roofed structure, built in frame on a stone foundation with lap siding in 1926. Other houses, sheds and a dormitory were built in 1931. The dormitory is particularly notable for its expression of the National Park Service Rustic style. A ranger station, also known as the old administration building, was built in 1931 and moved in the mid-1930s, but was destroyed by fire on March 5, 1982. Other buildings include a machine shop (1932), gas and oil station (1933) and a variety of residences. 
Historic designation.
The Grand Canyon North Rim Headquarters District was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 2, 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20403138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403138" title="Punong Barangay">
Punong Barangay

The Punong Barangay, commonly known as the Barangay Captain and less commonly Barangay Chairman, is the highest elected official in a barangay, the smallest of the elected administrative divisions of the Philippines. Sitios and puroks are sub-divisions of barangays but their leadership is not elected. As of September 2012, there are 42,028 barangays and therefore 42,028 barangay captains. 
The current position is just latest form of a position that has been known by various names in the past, such as Cabeza de Barangay, Barrio Lieutenant, and Barrio Captain.
Along with the Barangay Kagawad, or Barangay Councilors, the captains are members of the Sangguniang Barangay, or Barangay Council and perform many official government duties. They also work informally with a number of organizations. They are viewed as the village elders. They also perform some minor judicial functions as part of Barangay Justice System, such as handling disputes between neighbors.
They are elected for three-year terms. The 2013 Philippine barangay and Sangguniang Kabataan elections were held October 28, 2013. 
Barangay captains, along with other barangay officials, get paid between 600 and 1,000 Philippine pesos a month under the Local Government Code. They receive other compensation as well.
History.
While the current set-up is relatively recently, the position of barangay captain as a long history, pre-dating Spanish colonization. During the Spanish era, the position was known as the Cabeza de Barangay, or "head of the barangay". The position was not elected, however.
At the beginning of the American Colonial Period the position was renamed Barrio Lieutenant. Under the Administrative Code of 1917, passed by the Philippine Assembly, these too were not elected but rather were appointed by and under the supervision of the city councillor for the barrio. Councillors were elected at that time by electoral districts. Barrio lieutenants received no pay or other compensation. The lieutenant was to assist the city councillor and his term ended when the councillor's term ended. 
During the American colonial period and after independence barangays were known as barrios and barangay captains were known as barrio lieutenants.
In 1991, the current position took shape as the result of the Local Government Code.
Relation to other governments.
Here is table showing the number of provinces, municipalities, cities, and barangays in Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="20403186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403186" title="Stockholm municipal election, 1976">
Stockholm municipal election, 1976

The Stockholm municipal election of 1976 was held on 19 September 1976 concurrently with the 1976 Swedish parliamentary election. This election used a party-list proportional representation system to allocate the 101 seats of the Stockholm city council ("Stockholms stadsfullmäktige") amongst the various Swedish political parties. Voter turnout was 88.1%.

</doc>
<doc id="20403198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403198" title="Cormier House">
Cormier House

Cormier House () is an Art deco residence in the Golden Square Mile, Montreal, Quebec, Canada, located at 1418 Pine Avenue.
Description.
It was built by architect Ernest Cormier as his own residence in 1930-31, and also served as the residence of Pierre Trudeau, following his retirement from politics, until Trudeau's death in 2000. In 1974, it was proclaimed as a historical monument in Quebec. 
Cormier experimented with a variety of styles in the house: Art deco on the facade, monumental on one side and more modernist in the back. Cormier created most of the furniture, with remaining pieces acquired at the 1925 Exposition Internationale des Arts Décoratifs et Industriels Modernes in Paris.
Recognition.
Cormier House has been designated as a historic property under Quebec's heritage legislation, the "Loi sur les biens culturels". The house appeared on a stamp issued by Canada Post in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20403231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403231" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1929">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1929

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1929 Australian federal election. The election was held on 12 October 1929. There was no election for the Senate.
Retiring Members.
"No members retired in 1929."
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.

</doc>
<doc id="20403233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403233" title="Denis Jones">
Denis Jones

Denis Francis Jones (12 October 1906 – 6 May 1987) was an Irish Fine Gael politician. A school teacher by profession, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fine Gael Teachta Dála (TD) for the Limerick West constituency at the 1957 general election. He was re-elected at each subsequent general election until he retired from politics at the 1977 general election. He served as Leas-Cheann Comhairle (Deputy Chairman) of the Dáil from 1967 to 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20403247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403247" title="Easy Living (song)">
Easy Living (song)

"Easy Living" (1937) is a jazz standard written by Ralph Rainger and Leo Robin for the film "Easy Living" directed by Mitchell Leisen.
The song has been recorded by many jazz performers including:

</doc>
<doc id="20403250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403250" title="Vineta provisional">
Vineta provisional

The Vineta Provisional (German: Vineta-Provisorium) is a German postage stamp made on 13 April 1901 on board the cruiser SMS "Vineta". The postal officer had not been supplied with 3 Pfennig Germania stamps, so he bisected his 5 Pfennig stamps (Michel nummer 55) and stamped them by hand with a "3 PF" mark. Mail with the Vineta provisional stamp was sent from Pernambuco to Germany on 17 April 1901. Only 600 stamps were issued making this provisional stamp one of the rarer stamps in German philately.
Catalogue status.
The stamp gained notoriety after it was included in the Michel catalogue as a regular stamp and given the number 67. Collectors who aspired to put together a complete collection of issues of the Reichspost had an interest in acquiring this stamp. However, because philatelists generally considered the stamp a self-made variety, not an official issue by the Reichspost, the #67 assignment was heavily criticised and eventually withdrawn. As a result prices for the stamp have declined. 
The stamp has been forged.

</doc>
<doc id="20403252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403252" title="Kirdy Stevens">
Kirdy Stevens

Kirdy Stevens (1920 - October 20, 2012) was an American pornographic film director.
He was inducted into the XRCO Hall of Fame in 2001 and the AVN Hall of Fame in 2003.
Kirdy is renowned for directing the incest porno chic classic Taboo, as well as another 4 sequels (from 2 to 5).
Stevens died of pneumonia on October 20, 2012 at age 92.

</doc>
<doc id="20403277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403277" title="Grand Canyon South Rim Ranger's Dormitory">
Grand Canyon South Rim Ranger's Dormitory

The Ranger's Dormitory at the South Rim of Grand Canyon National Park was built in 1920-21. Originally built as a worker's dormitory, it was converted for ranger use in 1927. The stone building was designed by Daniel Ray Hull of the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Designs, and is a precursor of the later National Park Service Rustic style. 
The dormitory is one of the earliest National Park Service-built structures at the South Rim. Measuring about by , the single-story structure's exterior walls are of rubble sandstone with a long gabled roof. The gable endds are sheathed in wood. The ground falls away from front to back, so that the back door has a stone stairway. The interior features an entrance hall and a large communal room with a stone fireplace at the western end, with a central hall running down the center to the rear door with individual rooms on either side. 
The dormitory was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 5, 1975. It is included in the Grand Canyon Village National Historic Landmark District.

</doc>
<doc id="20403278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403278" title="List of largest lakes of the United States by area">
List of largest lakes of the United States by area

The following is a list of lakes of the United States by surface area. The top twenty lakes in size are as listed by the "National Atlas of the United States", a publication of the United States Department of the Interior. Most of the remainder are compiled from a list on http://www.lakelubbers.com/worlds-largest-lakes-in-world-acres-C1/, accessed 7 Mar 2011. The area given is the normal or average area of the lake. Some lakes fluctuate substantially. For those lakes partially in Canada or Mexico the area given for the lake is the total area, not just the part of the lake in the United States. 

</doc>
<doc id="20403279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403279" title="Shakill's II">
Shakill's II

"Shakill's II" is an album by David Murray released on the Japanese DIW label. It was released in 1994 and features eight quartet performances by Murray with Stanley Franks, Don Pullen, and Andrew Cyrille. The album is a follow-up to "Shakill's Warrior" (1991).
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 3 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="20403300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403300" title="Luigi Rosselli">
Luigi Rosselli

Luigi Rosselli is an Italian born architect who practices in Australia. Having first come to Australia to work on the New Parliament house under Romaldo Giurgola, Luigi established his company of Architects Luigi Rosselli pty ltd in 1985 and continues to create his sensitive signature buildings today.
Rosselli’s approach to architecture is “humanist, where people and environment take precedence over preconceived design dogmas” [http://www.indesignlive.com/articles/people/page-5-Minutes-With.../5-Minutes-With...-Luigi-Rosselli#axzz26nmbEKhu].
Early Life and Influences.
Rosselli grew up in Milano, surrounded by a vibrant cultural environment with people such as Gio Ponti, Giorgio de Chirico and Indro Montanelli in the roaring 1960s and 70s that made Milano the centre of new design and architecture. His childhood landscape consisted of a very lively and diverse architectural environment, moving between the medieval castle of Milan (Sforza Castle), the post war designs of Ernesto Rogers, the Alvar Alto inspired house designed by Hans Fritz where he spent some years of his adolescence and visits to buildings by Vico Magistretti, Caccia Dominioni, Giuseppe Terragni and Gio Ponti. He learnt from his surrounds to appreciate the pluralism and the coexistence of architecture of all ages and styles.
In Lausanne he studied at the Ecole Politechnique Federale (EPFL) a well-resourced university that managed to attract all the top architect of the time as guest professors – from Kenneth Frampton to Rafael Moneo and Alvaro Siza, with Umberto Riva being Luigi’s thesis mentor.
A few years of his training were spent in the practice of Mario Botta (1979) in Switzerland and under Romaldo Giurgola in his Mitchell Giurgola office in New York (1980). He then moved with the firm to Canberra where he contributed to the design of the Parliament House. Three different experiences that taught him how to have a holistic approach to design (from Spoon to City) in the case of Mario Botta, a humanist approach with Giurgola and the role of democracy in architecture in the case of Giurgola and Thorp in Canberra. 
After receiving a Master of Architecture (1984) in Lausanne (First Prize SIA) with a thesis on Eclecticism and a project for a Hotel on the Simpton Pass, Luigi went back to Australia where he opened his own practice in 1985.
The practice started as a one man show and has grown slowly over the years to a maximum team of 16. It has formed over the years a local reputation of well managed projects, good design and discretion that has attracted the most successful Australians to commission houses and other buildings.
See a video interview of one of Luigi Rosselli pty ltd most recent works on Domain TV. 
http://media.domain.com.au/property/amazing-homes/inspired-mix-of-old-and-new-2553874.html

</doc>
<doc id="20403327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403327" title="Louis-Théandre Chartier de Lotbinière">
Louis-Théandre Chartier de Lotbinière

Louis-Théandre Chartier de Lotbinière (c. 1612–c. 1688), considered by some sources to have been the 'Father of the Canadian Magistrature', he was in fact the disreputable Lieutenant-General of the Provost's Court of New France. In 1667, he gave the first official Ball (dance) to be held in Canada, and he was the great grandfather of the last Governor General of New France, Pierre François de Rigaud, Marquis de Vaudreuil-Cavagnal.
Early life in France.
Born at Paris c.1612, he was the son of René-Pierre Chartier de Lotbiniere (1572–1654), Counsellor in the French Parliament, Royal Professor of Medicine and "Premier Medicin du Roi" to Louis XIII of France. His mother, Françoise Bourcier (d.1631), was Lady-in-waiting to Henrietta Maria of France and the daughter of Louise Bourgeois Boursier. His family originated from Dijon in the fourteenth century, and he included amongst his ancestors Alain Chartier. The family were ennobled at the beginning of the fifteenth century, and his forebears married into such families as the Chateaubriands, Rochefoucaulds and Polignacs. According to tradition, one of the early Chartiers owned two estates near Dijon: Binière and Bignière. The manor at Binière was surrounded by a moat in which many "lot" fish swam, and so to differentiate between the two he called that one "Lotbinière". 
As a young man, Louis-Théandre Chartier de Lotbinière lived as the seigneur of Saint-Étienne de Monays, but soon made over this living to his brother, René (d.1655), who had lived in Canada between 1643 and 1647 as chaplain to the Ursulines of Quebec. At Paris, 1641, Louis-Théandre married Élisabeth d'Amours de Clignancourt (1613–1690), the daughter of Louis d'Amours de Louvieres (d.1640), Sieur de Serain, First Councillor to King Henry IV of France at the Grand Châtelet. Her brother, Mathieu d'Amours de Chauffours was a relative of Jean de Lauzon, the future governor of New France. Likely at the request of de Lauzon, with whom they made the journey (together with Mathieu d'Amours) Chartier and his family came to New France, arriving in Quebec, October 13, 1651.
Official positions in New France.
On his arrival in Quebec Lotbiniere was appointed Seigneurial Attorney to the Seneschal’s Court at Quebec, and five years later was promoted to Lieutenant-General for Civil and Criminal Affairs. He kept this office until the autumn of 1663, when the Seneschal’s Court was replaced by the Sovereign Council of New France. After the removal of Attorney-General Jean Bourdon and his allies in early 1664, despite the opposition of Bishop François de Laval, Lotbiniere was appointed Deputy Attorney General of the Sovereign Council of New France. When Bourdon was re-instated a few months later, Lotbiniere in turn resigned. Furious that Bourdon had been brought back, in the absence of Laval, Lauzon again dismissed Bourdon etc. and made Lotbiniere Attorney-General. Due to a more favourable position Lotbiniere resigned in 1666, and Bourdon was again re-instated.
The French West India Company, set up in 1664, had been authorized to “establish judges and officers wherever there will be need and wherever it will find it appropriate.” The company made use of this privilege to create a Provost’s Court at Quebec (the Sovereign Council of New France was only called on in the case of an appeal), and in the spring of 1666 named Lotbiniere Lieutenant General for Civil and Criminal Affairs of the court. He remained in this position until 1677 when he resigned in his son’s favour.
On May 27, 1671, the Ladies of the Hôtel-Dieu de Québec sold the former residence of Governor Louis d'Ailleboust de Coulonge to de Lotbiniere, which he immediately made his home. The residence, though much altered, is today the French Consulate in Quebec, and locally known as Duke of Kent House, Quebec. His son, René-Louis Chartier de Lotbinière, continued to live there with his family until his death in 1709. It was sold to the Maillou family, who leased it from 1743 to Louis-Theandre's great grandson, Michel Chartier de Lotbinière, Marquis de Lotbinière.
Return to France and reputation.
He had taken his stepmother to court over his inheritance which necessitated him to be in France in 1659 and 1677. In the autumn of 1679, he returned to France, never to return to the colony again. In 1680, Intendant Jacques Duchesneau de la Doussinière et d'Ambault wrote to the minister that Lotbiniere's daughter, Marie-Francoise, the widow of Pierre de Joybert de Soulanges et de Marson and the mother-in-law of Philippe de Rigaud Vaudreuil, “has lost 1,000 livres which were granted to her last year, and a part of the 600 livres for the present year that her father the Sieur Chartier, to whom she had given powers of attorney, has consumed by his excesses, having continued to live in Paris.” This revelation reflects the character of the “erstwhile” Lieutenant-General of the Provost’s Court. As a relative of Lauzon he had occupied important offices from the time he arrived in New France, but he never enjoyed the Jesuits’ esteem as much as the other settlers of his social standing. Neither did the clergy appear to have looked favourably upon the ball given by him on 4 February 1667, the “first ball in Canada,” (according to the Journal des Jésuites).
In 1676, Ange de Bouges, known as 'la Corruble', was arrested by order of the council, and imprisoned because of his scandalous conduct in the company of some young men. Lotbiniere had him released the following day, and when asked to give an explanation before the council, 'the Lieutenant-General refused to give his reasons, and furthermore his manner was peremptory and lacking in respect. Summoned to appear again, he maintained that he alone had the right to decide upon imprisonments. He resorted to an attitude of arrogance, and refused to justify his action any further. On 3 August the council relieved him of his office, which he resumed however before the end of the month.' (Dictionary of Canadian Biography).
An officer of justice for over thirty years, Jean Talon deemed Chartier de Lotbiniere as “ill suited to this profession”. He died in France in 1688, and was the father of two children, René-Louis Chartier de Lotbinière, and Louise-Elizabeth, who married Pierre de Joybert de Soulanges et de Marson.

</doc>
<doc id="20403389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403389" title="Papatoetoe (New Zealand electorate)">
Papatoetoe (New Zealand electorate)

Papatoetoe is a former New Zealand parliamentary electorate, and is part of greater Auckland.
Population centres.
The electorate is urban-suburban, based on the suburb of Papatoetoe, and is in South Auckland.
History.
The electorate existed from 1978 to the introduction of MMP in 1996. and was represented by two Labour MPs.

</doc>
<doc id="20403390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403390" title="Caesar's Column">
Caesar's Column

"Caesar's Column: A Story of the Twentieth Century" is a novel by Ignatius Donnelly, famous as the author of "". "Caesar's Column" was published pseudonymously in 1890. The book has been variously categorized as science fiction, speculative fiction, dystopian fiction, and/or apocalyptic fiction; one critic has termed it an "Apocalyptic Utopia."
The book is also a political novel, and a romance. It was a popular success as well, selling 60,000 copies upon its initial publication. Its sales eventually comprised 250,000 copies. Donnelly's novel was one element of the great wave of utopian and dystopian literature during the later nineteenth century and the early twentieth, exemplified by works like Edward Bellamy's "Looking Backward" and Jack London's "The Iron Heel".
Politics.
"Caesar's Column" is partly based on Donnelly's commitment to agrarian Populism. In 1892, two years after the publication of his novel, Donnelly drafted the platform of the Populist Party, in which he wrote, 
This is the world view of "Caesar's Column": a man comes from his rural environment to the heart of a brutal capitalist oligarchy; he sees its corruptions firsthand, and witnesses its destruction.
Donnelly's novel partly concerns the debated question of the alleged anti-Semitism of the Populist movement. Donnelly's villain is an Italian Jew — but his protagonist has a name, Weltstein, that must have suggested a Jewish identity to many readers.
The plot.
As some other speculative writers did (Anna Bowman Dodd's 1887 book "The Republic of the Future" is a contemporaneous example), Donnelly cast his fiction in the form of an epistolary novel. His first-person narrator Gabriel Weltstein writes a series of letters to his brother, recounting his experiences during a 1988 visit to New York. Weltstein is a wool merchant from Uganda (early Zionist thinkers considered the possibility of founding a Jewish state in Uganda). Weltstein wants to avoid dealing with an international cartel and sell wool directly to American manufacturers.
Like many utopian/dystopian writers, Donnelly dwells on the technological changes of the future. Weltstein travels to New York City by airship; he is dazzled by the city's brilliant illumination, powered by tapping into the Aurora Borealis. In the city, subways operate below transparent sidewalks. At the Hotel Darwin, Weltstein finds a televised menu to guide him among exotic choices, from edible spiders to bird's nests from China. Televised newspapers are readily available.
Weltstein soon gets into trouble, when he stops a coachman from beating a beggar. The coach belongs to Prince Cabano, formerly Jacob Isaacs (another name suggestive of Jewish origin, and thus possible antisemitism from Donnelly), a prime figure of the ruling oligarchy; the beggar is Max Petion, actually a leader of a secret resistance organization called the Brotherhood of Destruction. Weltstein has to accept Petion's guidance into proletarian society in New York City, where he learns the truth of the rapacious and oppressive social and economic order.
Gabriel meets the president of the brotherhood, Caesar Lomellini, a dangerous and ruthless fanatic and an imposing physical presence, half Italian and half Negro. (Donnelly's treatment of the character suffers from the racism dominant in his era.) The middle section of the novel devotes attention to the romantic involvements of Gabriel and Max Petion, who rescue young women from exploitation. The two couples marry in a bucolic episode that counterpoints the scenes of urban oppression and violence that bracket it. (The four characters escape New York for Uganda at the end of the book, providing a sort of happy ending, which likely enhanced the novel's popularity.)
The Brotherhood of Destruction finally organizes a rebellion, which succeeds in deposing the oligarchs, though at the cost of massive casualties. (Technology has produced advanced weapons like "dynamite bullets" that increase the carnage.) Lomellini orders the corpses piled high in Union Square and entombed in layers of concrete—though Lomellini himself is murdered as the mass grave is started. Gabriel Weltstein, fleeing New York by airship, looks back to see the vast cityscape in flames, while the mass grave—Caesar's column—rises through the smoke.

</doc>
<doc id="20403394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403394" title="Alpine Mastiff">
Alpine Mastiff

The Alpine Mastiff is an extinct Molosser dog breed, the progenitor of the St. Bernard, and a major contributor to the modern Mastiff (through such dogs as "Couchez" ), as well as to other breeds that derive from these breeds or are closely related to them. M.B.Wynn wrote, "In 1829 a vast light brindle dog of the old Alpine mastiff breed, named L'Ami, was brought from the convent of Great St. Bernard, and exhibited in London and Liverpool as the largest dog in England." William Cavendish, 5th Duke of Devonshire, is believed to have bred Alpine Mastiffs at Chatsworth House. The names "Alpine Mastiff" and "Saint Bernard" were used interchangeably in the early 19th century, though the variety that was kept at the hospice at the Great St. Bernard Pass was significantly altered by introducing other breeds, including Newfoundland and Great Dane, and it is this composite breed that now carries the name St. Bernard. Inevitably these Mountain dogs filtered through to the wider population, and the original variety dwindled in its pure form, though a rare breed, the "Cane Garouf" or "Patua", found in the part of the Alps formerly inhabited by the Alpine Mastiff, may also descend from the extinct breed.

</doc>
<doc id="20403412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403412" title="Billboard Top Pop Hits">
Billboard Top Pop Hits

Billboard Top Pop Hits is a series of compilation albums released by Rhino Records in 1994 and 1995, each featuring ten recordings from the easy listening charts from a specific year in the 1960s. Ten albums in the series were released, one each for the years from 1960 to 1969. 
The tracks compiled for the series represented the "lighter" side of popular music in the 1960s. All of the tracks were major hits on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart during the year as well as its new Easy Listening chart, which debuted in 1961.
The series follows chronologically from the previous Rhino series of pop standards from the 1920s through the 1950s called "Billboard Pop Memories". It continues on in a series of soft rock hits from 1970 through 1974 with "Billboard Top Soft Rock Hits".
1960.
Songs in this volume which topped the Billboard Hot 100 are "Teen Angel" by Mark Dinning, "Theme from 'A Summer Place'" by Percy Faith & His Orchestra, "Everybody's Somebody's Fool" by Connie Francis, "I'm Sorry" by Brenda Lee, "Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini" by Brian Hyland and "Mr. Custer" by Larry Verne.
1961.
Two of the songs in the volume topped the Hot 100: "Wooden Heart (Muss I Denn)" by Joe Dowell and "Michael" by The Highwaymen.
1962.
Five of the songs in this volume topped the Hot 100: "Hey! Baby" by Bruce Channel, "Don't Break the Heart That Loves You" by Connie Francis, "The Stripper" by David Rose & His Orchestra, "Roses Are Red (My Love)" by Bobby Vinton and "Sherry" by The Four Seasons.
1963.
Six of the songs in this volume topped the Hot 100: "Walk Right In" by The Rooftop Singers, "Hey Paula" by Paul & Paula, "Sukiyaki" by Kyu Sakamoto, "Blue Velvet" by Bobby Vinton, "I'm Leaving It Up to You" by Dale & Grace and "Dominique" by The Singing Nun.
1964.
Four songs in this volume topped the Hot 100 singles chart: "There! I've Said It Again" by Bobby Vinton; "Hello, Dolly!" by Louis Armstrong & the All Stars; "A World Without Love" by Peter & Gordon and "Come See About Me" by The Supremes.
1965.
Four songs in this volume topped the Hot 100: "My Girl" by The Temptations, "Stop! In the Name of Love" by The Supremes, "I'm Telling You Now" by Freddie and the Dreamers and "Game of Love" by Wayne Fontana & the Mindbenders.
1966.
Five of the songs in this volume were number-one hits on the Hot 100 chart: "Ballad of the Green Berets" by Ssgt. Barry Sadler, "Sunshine Superman" by Donovan, "Cherish" by The Association, "Last Train to Clarksville" by The Monkees and "Winchester Cathedral" by The New Vaudeville Band. In addition, "Ballad of the Green Berets" peaked at number two on the Hot Country Singles chart.
1967.
Two songs in this volume — "Ode to Billie Joe" by Bobbie Gentry and "To Sir, with Love" by Lulu — topped the "Billboard" Hot 100. "Ode to Billie Joe" was also a hit on the Hot Country Singles chart during 1967.
1968.
Three songs in this volume — "Love is Blue" by Paul Mauriat, "Honey" by Bobby Goldsboro and "Harper Valley PTA" by Jeannie C. Riley — topped the "Billboard" Hot 100. In addition, "Honey" and "Harper Valley PTA" both reached number one on the Hot Country Singles chart.
1969.
Three songs in this volume — "Love Theme from "Romeo and Juliet"" by Henry Mancini, "In the Year 2525 (Exordium & Terminus)" by Zager & Evans and "Wedding Bell Blues" by The 5th Dimension — topped the "Billboard" Hot 100. In addition, "Wichita Lineman" by Glen Campbell reached number one on the Hot Country Singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20403439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403439" title="Jacques-Désiré Laval">
Jacques-Désiré Laval

Jacques-Désiré Laval (also Jacob Desiré Laval; 18 September 1803 – 9 September 1864) was a French Roman Catholic priest and missionary to Mauritius. He is known honorifically as the "Apostle of Mauritius", and was the first "blessed" of the Congregation of the Holy Spirit.
Life.
He was born this day on the 18 September 1803 in Croth, Eure, a department of the Normandy region of France. He was the child of a successful farmer. His uncle was a priest, and he grew up in a devoutly Catholic household. His mother died when he was seven years old.
Laval was educated at Évreux, and the Collège Stanislas de Paris. Though initially uncertain whether to pursue the priesthood or the practice of medicine, he received his medical degree in 1830 and set up a practice in Saint-André and Ivry-la-Bataille in his native Normandy.
He reexamined his choice after a near-fatal riding accident. Feeling he was called to the priesthood, he closed his practice and entered the seminary of Saint-Sulpice; he was ordained in 1838, and worked as a parish priest for two years. He desired a more active ministry, however, and entered the Society of the Holy Heart of Mary (later renamed as the Congregation of the Holy Spirit). He was sent as a missionary to the island of Mauritius on 14 September 1841. He spent the next twenty-three years in service to the people of that island nation.
Many of Père Laval's parishioners were poor and uneducated former slaves. He lived with them, learned their language, fasted when supplies were short, and slept in a packing crate. His medical training was useful to his ministry, as he worked to improve conditions in agriculture, sanitation, medicine, and science. Laval was tremendously successful—he is believed to have made 67,000 converts in his parish.
Veneration.
Jacques Laval was beatified on 24 April 1979, the first of 1,340 people beatified in the pontificate of Pope John Paul II.
The date of Père Laval's death has become a holiday of sorts in Mauritius, marked by a festival and procession to the site of his tomb.
The annual pilgrimage to the parish church of Sainte-Croix originated on the day of his funeral procession in 1864. The funeral oration commented on the words of Isaiah: "Evangelizare pauperibus misit me" — "He sent me to announce the Gospel to the poor". The casket was followed by more than thirty thousand weeping people and buried opposite the church in Sainte Croix. Every year, offerings and ex votos are placed at the site of his tomb from the night of 8 September until the end of the feast of the "blessed".
A building on the campus of Duquesne University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, a university administered by the Holy Ghost Fathers, is named "Laval House" in honor of Blessed Jacques Laval.
A picture of Pere Laval is found at Notre Dames de Lourdres (Leicester Square,London)

</doc>
<doc id="20403448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403448" title="Jorge Sanguinetti">
Jorge Sanguinetti

Jorge Sanguinetti (born 1934) is a Uruguayan political figure.
Background.
For many years, he was associated with local political affairs in Colonia Department. He is a member of the Colorado Party (Uruguay), and during the 1970s was a leading party activist.
Minister of Transport and Public Works.
In 1985, Jorge Sanguinetti's cousin, Julio María Sanguinetti took office as President of Uruguay, and the latter appointed the former to the post of Minister of Transport and Public Works. Jorge Sanguinetti served in that post until 1989.
Later career.
President of ANCAP.
Sanguinetti later served as President of the Uruguayan petroleum company ANCAP. He was noted for his support for that company's privatization.
Support for Pedro Bordaberry Herrán from 2007.
In 2007, Sanguinetti became a supporter of Pedro Bordaberry Herrán's "Vamos Uruguay" grouping within the Colorado Party (Uruguay). In doing so, he joined a number of other prominent 'Colorados'.

</doc>
<doc id="20403468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403468" title="Trans-Canyon Telephone Line, Grand Canyon National Park">
Trans-Canyon Telephone Line, Grand Canyon National Park

The Trans-Canyon Telephone line in Grand Canyon National Park crosses the Grand Canyon from the South Rim to the North Rim via the Inner Canyon. The lines were constructed in 1934 and altered in 1938-39 by the Civilian Conservation Corps, and have been unchanged since their installation. Telephone lines are supported using 592 assemblies of galvanized pipes and fittings, which could be easily transported and assembled with minimal impact to the canyon environment. It is a rare surviving example of open-wire copper -weld technology. The line extends for , paralleling the Bright Angel Trail and the North Kaibab Trail, providing a direct link between the North and South Rims, as well as the Inner Canyon. A spur line ran along the South Kaibab Trail to the Tipoff.
The line was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 13, 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20403471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403471" title="Flowers Around Cleveland">
Flowers Around Cleveland

Flowers Around Cleveland is an album by David Murray released on the French Bleu Regard label. It was released in 1995 and features seven quartet performances by Murray with Bobby Few, John Betsch, and Jean Jacques Avenel.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 stars stating "This is one of Murray's records to seek out.".

</doc>
<doc id="20403479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403479" title="Russo–Dye theorem">
Russo–Dye theorem

In mathematics, the Russo–Dye theorem is a result in the field of functional analysis. It states that in a unital C*-algebra, the closure of the convex hull of the unitary elements is the closed unit ball.
The theorem was published by B. Russo and H. A. Dye in 1966.
Other formulations and generalizations.
Results similar to the Russo–Dye theorem hold in more general contexts. For example, in a unital *-Banach algebra, the closed unit ball is contained in the closed convex hull of the unitary elements.
A more precise result is true for the C*-algebra of all bounded linear operators on a Hilbert space: If "T" is such an operator and ||"T"|| < 1 − 2/"n" for some integer "n" > 2, then "T" is the mean of "n" unitary operators.
Applications.
This example is due to Russo & Dye, Corollary 1: If "U"("A") denotes the unitary elements of a C*-algebra "A", then the norm of a linear mapping "f" from "A" to a normed linear space "B" is
In other words, the norm of an operator can be calculated using only the unitary elements of the algebra.

</doc>
<doc id="20403496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403496" title="The Promise (Deborah Cox album)">
The Promise (Deborah Cox album)

The Promise is the fifth album from R&B singer, Deborah Cox, released on November 11, 2008 by Image Entertainment and Deco Recording Group. While her 2007 album "Destination Moon" was a jazz tribute, this one marks her return to R&B music six years after "The Morning After". It debuted at #106 on the U.S. Billboard 200, #14 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and #95 on the Canadian Albums Chart. The album was nominated for R&B/Soul Recording of the Year at the 2009 Juno Awards. It also features Deborah's tenth #1 dance hit "Beautiful U R". It has sold an estimated 33,422+ copies to date.

</doc>
<doc id="20403507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403507" title="Blue Lias">
Blue Lias

The Blue Lias is a geologic formation in southern, eastern and western England and parts of South Wales, part of the Lias Group. The Blue Lias consists of a sequence of limestone and shale layers, laid down in latest Triassic and early Jurassic times, between 195 and 200 million years ago. The Blue Lias is famous for its fossils, especially ammonites.
Its age corresponds to the Rhaetian to lower Sinemurian stages of the geologic timescale, thus fully including the Hettangian stage. It is the lowest of the three divisions of the Lower Jurassic period and, as such, is also given the name "Lower Lias". Stratigraphically it can be subdivided into three members: the Wilmcote Limestone, Saltford Shale and Rugby Limestone.
Lithology and facies.
The Blue Lias comprises decimetre scale alternations of argillaceous limestone and mudstone. These alternations are caused by short-term climatic variations during the Early Jurassic attributed to orbital forcing (Milankovitch cycles). These limestone-mudstone alternations pass up into a clay member formerly known as the "Lower Lias Clay" now the Charmouth Mudstone Formation. This lithology consists of monotonous mudstones weathering to clay at the surface. Sparse thin limestone and nodule bands are seen where the rocks are exposed. The deposition of a clay-rich mudstone member normally indicates deposition in a deeper marine environment.
Occurrence.
The Blue Lias is a prevalent feature of the cliffs around Lyme Regis and Charmouth, on the Jurassic Coast in Dorset, where it exists in layers of limestone interspersed with softer clay. It is also present in Somerset, particularly around the Polden Hills and Glastonbury, and it forms a broad plain across the East Midlands. It also appears near Whitby in Yorkshire and Southam in Warwickshire where a pub is named after it. There are outcrops along the coast of South Wales, notably that of the Vale of Glamorgan. The type section of the Blue Lias is at Saltford near Bath.
Use in construction.
Blue Lias is useful as a building stone, and as a source of lime for making lime mortar. Because it is argillaceous, the lime is hydraulic. Since the mid-nineteenth century, it has been used as a raw material for cement, in South Wales, Somerset, Warwickshire and Leicestershire. The cement plant quarry at Rugby, Warwickshire is probably the best exposure of the formation: more than 100 layers can be seen.
Occurrences of Blue Lias can be found in buildings local to its source as well as the local churches and cemeteries (where it is used in tombstones). A prime example of a 'Blue Lias' town would be Street, near Glastonbury. Other local examples of Blue Lias buildings can be found in the nearby towns of Somerton & Ilchester.
It is still popular in more modern-day surroundings where it is still used in the construction of new housing developments and extensions for existing buildings in conservation areas. Blue Lias is mainly used in flooring, walling and paving slabs - both coursed and layered. It is evident too in the making of flagstones and cobbles.
There are only three quarries in the country quarrying Blue Lias at present. Ham & Doulting Stone Co Ltd operate one of these, Tout Quarry near Somerton.
Paleofauna.
The rock is rich in fossil remains from the Jurassic period. The blue-grey colour is provided by its iron content, enclosed to a large extent in pyrites.

</doc>
<doc id="20403532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403532" title="Kit Dalton">
Kit Dalton

Captain Kit Dalton --- (23 January 1843 – 3 April 1920)
""He fought for the Confederacy and with Quantrill's Raiders. After the war, he rode with Jesse & Frank James and Cole Younger over 100 years ago. A $50,000 reward was offered for him dead or alive; since they could not capture him, he was later pardoned by several governors with his promise that he would lead an exemplary life, which he did during his last 20 years, in Memphis.'"
Into the first thirty years of Kit Dalton's life was crowded much adventure. As a youngster, he ran away from home and joined Nathan Bedford Forest's cavalry during the American Civil War. It was when visiting his home on a furlough that devastation he saw caused him to organize a band of guerillas; they soon began to operate outside of Kentucky. Unable to return home, he linked his fortunes with those of Jesse and Frank James. Five governors had set a price upon the head of Kit Dalton, offering $50,000 for his capture, dead or alive, but he was never captured. He, at one time, was a member of Sam Bass’ gang, who operated in Texas, and he saw Bass killed.
Trial for a holdup in Franklin, Kentucky, of which Frank James was charged and proved innocent resulted in an agreement by the Government in which Dalton’s slate was wiped clean and he returned to civil life.
Kit Dalton is buried at Elmwood Cemetery, in the section known as Confederate’s Rest.

</doc>
<doc id="20403544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403544" title="Oh, My God (2008 film)">
Oh, My God (2008 film)

Oh, My God !! is an Indian film released on 5 December 2008. The film is aboout an employee who puts more time trying to get people to invest in a money-making scheme.
Plot.
Vinay Pathak stars as Rajendra, a salesman who wants to make it big in life but through ethical ways. Suman (Divya Dutta) is Rajendra's wife, who stands by her husband. As Rajendra continues to fail in his various money-making schemes, Suman pleads with God to help her husband.
God (played in human form by Saurabh Shukla) tries to help Rajendra become successful but is constantly frustrated as Rajendra fails to recognise the opportunities.

</doc>
<doc id="20403569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403569" title="Frank Carter (politician)">
Frank Carter (politician)

Frank Carter (27 July 1910 – 17 July 1988) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. A shopkeeper, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Longford–Westmeath constituency at the 1951 general election. He was re-elected at the 1954 general election but lost his seat at the 1957 general election. He was subsequently elected to the 9th Seanad on the Labour Panel. He was re-elected to the Dáil at the 1961 general election. He was re-elected at each subsequent general election until he retired from politics at the 1977 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20403570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403570" title="CF Pozuelo de Alarcón">
CF Pozuelo de Alarcón

Club de Fútbol Pozuelo de Alarcón is a football team based in Pozuelo de Alarcón in the autonomous Community of Madrid. Founded in 1995, the team plays in Tercera División – Group 7. The club's home ground is "Estadio Valle de las Cañas", which has a capacity of 2,000 spectators.
History.
The CF Pozuelo de Alarcón was founded in 1995 through the merger of the two clubs more representative of the city of Pozuelo de Alarcón, the UD Pozuelo and Parque Atlético Pozuelo, though its foundation was in 1995, its origins date back to August 28, 1943. 
Stadium.
The CF Pozuelo de Alarcón plays its matches in the local as Ciudad Deportiva Valle de Las Cañas, with capacity for 2,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="20403577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403577" title="Lihué Prichoda">
Lihué Prichoda

Lihué Darío Prichoda (born 29 June 1989) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Primera B Nacional club Banfield as a right midfielder.
Club career.
Racing Club.
Prichoda began his playing career in 2008 with Racing Club, he made his debut on 10 August 2008 in a 0-2 home defeat to Lanús. After making 18 appearances for Racing he joined 2nd division side San Martín de Tucumán in 2009 as a lending operation. His sporting rights are property of Racing Club. Now he is a member of the professional team of Tiro Federal, a popular club from Ludueña neighborhood in Rosario City.

</doc>
<doc id="20403590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403590" title="Timaru (New Zealand electorate)">
Timaru (New Zealand electorate)

Timaru is a former New Zealand Parliamentary electorate, in the South Island. It existed continuously from 1861 to 1996 and was represented by eleven Members of Parliament.
Population centres.
In the 1860 electoral redistribution, the House of Representatives increased the number of representatives by 12, reflecting the immense population growth since the original electorates were established in 1853. The redistribution created 15 additional electorates with between one and three members, and Timaru was one of the single-member electorates. The electorates were distributed to provinces so that every province had at least two members. Within each province, the number of registered electors by electorate varied greatly. The Timaru electorate had 121 registered electors for the 1861 election.
The electorate is partly urban, and is based on the South Canterbury city of Timaru.
History.
The electorate was formed in 1861 for the 3rd Parliament and existed continuously until the 1996 election.
Francis Jollie was the first representative. In the 1866 election, he successfully stood for Gladstone. Alfred Cox was the next representative, and he resigned in 1868 partway through the term. Edward Stafford won the resulting 1868 by-election. He represented the electorate for a decade and resigned in 1878.
Richard Turnbull won the 1878 by-election and represented Timaru until 1890, when he died on 17 July. He had contested the against Edward George Kerr, the proprietor of the "The Timaru Herald", and had won with a comfortable majority.
William Hall-Jones won the 1890 by-election. He became Prime Minister during his term, and retired in 1908.
James Craigie was the next representative, from the 1908 election. He retired in 1922. Craigie was succeeded by Frank Rolleston, who was defeated at the 1928 election.
From 1928 to 1985, the seat was held by two Labour MPs: Rev Clyde Carr a Christian minister who was a supporter of John A. Lee and remained a backbencher; and then Sir Basil Arthur a hereditary baronet and later Speaker of the House.
David Lange recalled in "My Life" (2005) the death of Sir Basil, and also that Labour lost the subsequent 1985 by-election when "the Labour Party organisation insisted on the selection of a candidate who could hardly be less suited to the place" and "was a good lawyer but she did not live in Timaru, and her opinions, and even her appearance, were at odds with the conservative character of the electorate." Jim Sutton won the seat back for Labour in 1993.
Members of Parliament.
Key
Election results.
1899 election.
Table footnotes:

</doc>
<doc id="20403664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403664" title="Tim Young (actor)">
Tim Young (actor)

Tim Young is an American born film and television actor best known for his leading role of lester in the 2002 horror film Scarecrow and Jay in Camp Blood. He has also had small parts in several notable films.

</doc>
<doc id="20403667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403667" title="Floods in Bihar">
Floods in Bihar

A view of 2008 Bihar flood
Yearly flood deaths data 
Bihar is India’s most flood-prone State, with 76% of the population in the north Bihar living under the recurring threat of flood devastation. According to some historical data, 16.5% of the total flood affected area in India is located in Bihar while 22.1% of the flood affected population in India lives in Bihar. About out of total geographical area of comprising 73.06% is flood affected. Floods in Bihar are a recurring disaster which on an annual basis destroys thousands of human lives apart from livestock and assets worth millions. The 2013 Flood in Bihar affected more than 5.9 million people in 3,768 villages in 20 districts of the state. 
History.
Recent Chronology.
Recent year in which human death due to flood is more than 100.
Reason for flooding.
Geographically Nepal is a mountainous region. When heavy rains occur in the mountains of central and eastern Nepal the water flows into the major drainages of Narayani, Bagmati, and Koshi rivers. As these rivers cross into India they flow into the plains and lowlands of Bihar and break their banks. To protect the Koshi River dam as well as the Koshi Barrage Pool's embankments, Indian engineers who are in charge of the dam in Nepal, further open the dam's gates which can cause flooding down river in Bihar. In 2008 during a high flow episode a breach in the East Koshi afflux embankment above the dam occurred and the Koshi river, known for centuries as the Sorrow of Bihar, picked up an old channel it had abandoned over 100 years previously near the border with Nepal and India. Approximately 2.7 million people were affected as the river broke its embankment at Kusaha in Nepal, submerging several districts of Nepal and India. 95% of the Koshi's total flowed through the new course.
Embankments.
A recent fact finding report for the Kosi floods of 2008, prepared by a civil society organization by various experts like Dr. Sudhir Sharma, Dr. Dinesh Kumar Mishra, and Gopal Krishna, highlighted that although India has built over 3000 km of embankments in Bihar over the last few decades, the flooding propensity has increased by 2.5 times during the same time period, not to mention that embankments failed during each major flooding event.
The Fact Finding Mission recently released a report titled ‘"Kosi Deluge: The Worst is Still to Come"’, in which it stressed that embankments straitjacket the river. In the case of the Kosi, it found that because of siltation the river bed was in fact several feet higher than the adjoining land. The high and low lands separated by embankments have created a situation where the low lands have become permanently waterlogged. Sixteen per cent of the land mass of north Bihar is subject to permanent waterlogging.
In 1954, when the Bihar flood policy was first introduced, Bihar had approximately 160 km of embankments. At this time, the flood-prone area in the state was estimated to be 2.5 million hectares. Upon the completion of the system of embankments, 3,465 km of embankments had been constructed and were administered by the Water Resources Department (WRD). However, the amount of flood-prone land increased to 6.89 million hectares by 2004.
Deforestation.
Deforestation in the catchment area has led to increase in the silt content of the river flow. The total catchment area of the Kosi is 74,030 km2, excluding the catchment areas of its two important tributaries, the Kamla (7,232 km2) and the Bagmati (14,384 km2). These tributaries of the Kosi are important in themselves and are generally dealt with separately. Out of the total catchment of the Kosi, only 11,410 km2 are located in India and the rest (62,620 km2) lie in Nepal and Tibet. The river’s catchment area at Triveni in Nepal is 59,550 km2. The average rainfall in the upper catchment of the Kosi is 1,589 mm while in the lower areas it is 1,323 mm. The average annual silt load of the river is .
Farrakha barrage.
The period has caused serious interception in the dynamic equilibrium of the river hindering the natural oscillation of the river within its meandering belt. The meandering belt of Ganges in Malda and Murshidabad is 10 km wide. The water level of the Ganges rose about 8 m upstream of the Farakka barrage. The river which flowed in a South Easterly course between Rajmahal and Farakka during early decades of this century has now formed a mighty meander loop concentration to accommodate the additional discharge accumulated due to the barrage. Due to the obstruction caused by the Barrage each year nearly 64 crore tonnes of silt is accumulated in the riverbed. In the last three decades this has resulted in the accumulation of nearly 1856 crore tonnes of silt. 
Farrakha barrage has led to following problems upstream of the barrage:
Affected rivers.
North Bihar is a playfield of eight major rivers. All these rivers end up in Ganges.

</doc>
<doc id="20403707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403707" title="1996 NECBL season">
1996 NECBL season

The 1996 NECBL season was the third season of the New England Collegiate Baseball League. The league added a franchise in West Warwick, Rhode Island, the Rhode Island Reds. The league's Bristol, Connecticut franchise, the Bristol Nighthawks, dropped out of the league after two seasons.
In the semifinal playoff rounds, Danbury defeated Rhode Island 2-0 and Central Mass defeated Middletown 2-1. In the championship round, Central Mass defeated Danbury 2-1 to win their second consecutive NECBL championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20403723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403723" title="De Hoop">
De Hoop

De Hoop (English "The Hope") is a name used for mills in Belgium and the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20403736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403736" title="José Alberto Medrano">
José Alberto Medrano

José Alberto Medrano was a Salvadoran general who, starting in the 1960s, headed ANSESAL (Agencia Nacional de Servicios Especiales, or Salvadoran National Security Agency) and ORDEN (Organización Democrática Nacionalista, or the Democratic Nationalist Organization), a paramilitary group supported by the Green Berets. ORDEN was later accused by Amnesty International of using "clandestine terror against government opponents."

</doc>
<doc id="20403738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403738" title="Indochina Airlines">
Indochina Airlines

Indochina Airlines () was a Vietnamese airline based in Ho Chi Minh City. It was the first operational private airline based in Vietnam, originally licensed in May 2008 as Air Speed Up (). The founder and chairman of the board was Vietnamese musician Hà Hùng Dũng. Indochina Airlines began selling tickets on 12 November 2008 and launched its first commercial flight from Tan Son Nhat International Airport in Ho Chi Minh City to Noi Bai International Airport in Hanoi and Da Nang International Airport in Da Nang on 25 November 2008. After a series of difficulties including unresolved debts and a drop in customers, Indochina Airlines ceased flying on November 25, 2009; its schedule was revoked two days later.
Establishment.
The company was first incorporated and licensed as "Air Speed Up" in May 2008. The Vietnamese name "Tăng Tốc", as spelled, means "speed up"; however, if written without accents (i.e. "Tang Toc"), the name would translate to "death and grief". For this reason, the company applied for a name change soon after it was licensed. Initially, company chairman Hà Hùng Dũng planned to purchase the Viet Airways brand owned by Jetstar Pacific Airlines, but Jetstar Pacific declined the sale, citing the desire to develop the Viet Airways brand in the future.
Destinations.
Indochina Airlines ended service to all destinations in November 2009. While active, it did serve the following destinations:
Fleet.
The Indochina Airlines fleet at its peak consisted of two wet-leased Boeing 737-800s. Due to financial problems, the airline's last remaining aircraft has been returned to its lessor Travel Service Airlines on November 25, 2009. The Indochina Airlines has officially declared bankrupt on December 15, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20403743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403743" title="List of NCAA Division I-AA/FCS football seasons">
List of NCAA Division I-AA/FCS football seasons

A list of NCAA Division I-AA college football seasons since the divisional split in 1978. In 2006, Division I-AA was renamed Division I Football Championship Subdivision (or Division I FCS for short).

</doc>
<doc id="20403779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403779" title="List of New England Collegiate Baseball League ballparks">
List of New England Collegiate Baseball League ballparks

The following is a list of New England Collegiate Baseball League ballparks including past, present, and future ballparks:

</doc>
<doc id="20403792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403792" title="Hawick, Minnesota">
Hawick, Minnesota

Hawick is a small unincorporated community in Kandiyohi County, Minnesota, United States. Minnesota State Highway 23 serves as a main route in the community. Hawick is located between the cities of Paynesville and New London at the junction of Highway 23 and County Road 2.The community is located at latitude 45.348 and longitude -94.827. The elevation is 1,240 feet. Hawick appears on the U.S. Geological Survey Map. The city of St. Cloud is located 35 miles [56 km] to the northeast of Hawick.
History.
Many of the area's residents are descendants of Norwegian immigrants who settled the area during the period from the mid-19th Century through the very early 20th Century. Kandiyohi County also has a very large Norwegian heritage influence. Hawick was originally called "Havig", according to Martin Ulvestad who wrote extensively about early Norwegian-American settlements in Minnesota (circa 1907).
Conversely, according to Minnesota historian Warren Upham in the book ""Minnesota Place Names: a Geographical Encyclopedia"" (1920), the name "Hawick" is believed to have come from local railroad superintendent R. Manvel, after Hawick, Scotland. 

</doc>
<doc id="20403801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403801" title="Delta set">
Delta set

In mathematics, a delta set (or Δ-set) "S" is a combinatorial object that is useful in the construction and triangulation of topological spaces, and also in the computation of related algebraic invariants of such spaces. A delta set is somewhat more general than a simplicial complex, yet not quite as general as a simplicial set.
Definition and related data.
Formally, a Δ-set is a sequence of sets formula_1 together with maps
with "i" = 0,1...,"n" + 1 for "n" ≥ 1 that satisfy
whenever "i < j".
This definition generalizes the notion of a simplicial complex, where the formula_4 are the sets of "n"-simplices, and the "d""i" are the face maps. It is not as general as a simplicial set, since it lacks "degeneracies."
Given formula_5-sets "S" and "T", a map of formula_5-sets is a collection
such that
whenever both sides of the equation are defined. With this notion, we can define the category of Δ-sets, whose objects are formula_5-sets and whose morphisms are maps of formula_5-sets.
Each formula_5-set has a corresponding geometric realization, defined as
where we declare that
Here, formula_14 denotes the standard "n"-simplex, and
is the inclusion of the "i"-th face. The geometric realization is a topological space with the quotient topology.
The geometric realization of a formula_5-set "S" has a natural filtration
where
is a "restricted" geometric realization.
Related functors.
The geometric realization of a Δ-set described above defines a covariant functor from the category of Δ-sets to the category of topological spaces. Geometric realization takes a Δ-set to a topological space, and carries maps of Δ-sets to induced continuous maps between geometric realizations (which are topological spaces).
If "S" is a Δ-set, there is an associated free abelian chain complex, denoted formula_19, whose "n"-th group is the free abelian group
generated by the set formula_4, and whose "n"-th differential is defined by
This defines a covariant functor from the category of Δ-sets to the category of chain complexes of abelian groups. A Δ-set is carried to the chain complex just described, and a map of Δ-sets is carried to a map of chain complexes, which is defined by extending the map of Δ-sets in the standard way using the universal property of free Abelian groups.
Given any topological space "X", one can construct a Δ-set formula_23 as follows. A singular "n"-simplex in "X" is a continuous map
Define
to be the collection of all singular "n"-simplicies in "X", and define
by
where again "d""i" is the "i"-th face map. One can check that this is in fact a Δ-set. This defines a covariant functor from the category of topological spaces to the category of Δ-sets. A topological space is carried to the Δ-set just described, and a continuous map of spaces is carried to a map of Δ-sets, which is given by composing the map with the singular "n"-simplices.
An example.
This example illustrates the constructions described above. We can create a formula_5-set "S" whose geometric realization is the unit circle formula_29, and use it to compute the homology of this space. Thinking of formula_29 as an interval with the endpoints identified, define
with formula_32 for all "n ≥ 2". The only possible maps formula_33 are
It is simple to check that this is a formula_5-set, and that formula_36. Now, the associated chain complex formula_37 is
where
In fact, formula_40 for all "n". The homology of this chain complex is also simple to compute:
All other homology groups are clearly trivial.
One advantage of using formula_5-sets in this way is that the resulting chain complex is generally much simpler than the singular chain complex. For reasonably simple spaces, all of the groups will be finitely generated, whereas the singular chain groups generally not even countably generated.
One drawback of this method is that one must prove that the geometric realization of the formula_5-set is actually homeomorphic to the topological space in question. This can become a computational challenge as the formula_5-set increases in complexity.

</doc>
<doc id="20403808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403808" title="Philip Burton">
Philip Burton

Philip Burton (26 July 1910 – 3 January 1995) was an Irish Fine Gael politician, farmer and auctioneer. He first was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fine Gael Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork North–East constituency at the 1961 general election. He was re-elected at the 1965 and 1969 general elections, but lost his seat at the 1973 general election. He was subsequently elected to the 13th Seanad on the Administrative Panel. He retired from politics in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20403820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403820" title="JZL184">
JZL184

JZL184 is an irreversible inhibitor for monoacylglycerol lipase (MAGL), the primary enzyme responsible for degrading the endocannabinoid 2-arachidonoylglycerol (2-AG). It displays high selectivity for MAGL over other brain serine hydrolases, including the anandamide-degrading enzyme fatty acid amide hydrolase (FAAH), thereby making it a useful tool for studying the effects of endogenous 2-AG signaling, "in vivo". Administration of JZL184 to mice was reported to cause dramatic elevation of brain 2-AG leading to several cannabinoid-related behavioral effects.

</doc>
<doc id="20403822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403822" title="Basketball at the 2009 Maccabiah Games – Men's team rosters">
Basketball at the 2009 Maccabiah Games – Men's team rosters

This is a list of the players who are on the rosters of the given teams who are participating in the 2009 Maccabiah Games for Mens Basketball.

</doc>
<doc id="20403829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403829" title="Grand Canyon Water Reclamation Plant">
Grand Canyon Water Reclamation Plant

The Grand Canyon Water Reclamation Plant in Grand Canyon National Park was one of the first water reclamation plants in the United States, pioneering operating principles that are in use in modern facilities. It is located on the South Rim in Grand Canyon Village, the center of tourist development in the park.
The scarcity of water and the high demand for fresh water in the developed areas of the park encouraged the development of a system to treat wastewater so that it could be used for non-potable purposes such as flushing toilets, supplying steam locomotive boilers, irrigation and similar uses. The Grand Canyon water plant was completed in May 1926, producing water that was claimed to be potable (but never used for drinking) at a cost that was one-sixth of the cost for new water. The plant was expanded in 1934 to serve the Bright Angel Lodge.
Description.
The treatment plant consists of a set of bar-screen boxes, a sedimentation tank, three aeration tanks, two clarifiers, one secondary tank, two filters, an approximately holding tank, and a water tank for backwashing filters. The mechanical systems are housed in a two-story frame structure on a concrete base that contains filters, aeration generators and the chlorination system, as well as an office, laboratory and shop.
The treatment process passed wastewater through the bar screen, which filtered out large solids, then to a measuring followed by a finer bar screen flume. Solids from the bar screens went to a sludge pond, while coarsely filtered water went to a pre-sedimentation tank, which separated grease and additional solids. An aeration stage allowed aerobic bacteria to work, followed by a pass through clarifier tanks. Filters used anthracite coal to give final clarity, followed by chlorination and storage. The plant operated with its original equipment until it closed. Most of the equipment is original.
Historic designation.
The historic land embraced in this site is a rectangle formed by using the aeration tanks as a center and extending lines 100 yards to the north, 200 yards to the east, 200 yards to the west, and 400 yards to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20403830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403830" title="Calculus the Musical">
Calculus the Musical

""Calculus: The Musical!" is a comic “review” of the concepts and history of Calculus." The musical was originally created by Matheatre, composed of Marc Gutman and Sadie Bowman. The musical used the story of the development of Calculus to tie together songs that Marc had created as mnemonics when he was a teacher. Gutman and Bowman launched the musical's tour at the Minnesota Fringe Festival in August 2006, and continued to tour the show to Fringe Festivals, High Schools, Colleges and Conferences until spring of 2008. In Autumn of 2008, Matheatre licensed the show to the Know Theatre of Cincinnati who continues the tour to this day.
Current Cast Members: Breona Conrad and Josh Murphy.

</doc>
<doc id="20403870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403870" title="St. Paul's Episcopal Church (Alexandria, Virginia)">
St. Paul's Episcopal Church (Alexandria, Virginia)

St. Paul’s Episcopal Church, in the Old Town area of Alexandria, Virginia, is a historic Episcopal church in the Anglican Communion. The church sanctuary, consecrated in 1818, was designed by Benjamin Latrobe, the second architect of the United States Capitol. It is one of the few buildings designed by Latrobe in a Gothic style and one of the earliest examples of Gothic Revival architecture in the United States. The church was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. During the year 2009, St. Paul’s Episcopal Church celebrated the bicentennial of its founding.
History.
William Holland Wilmer and the rebuilding of the Episcopal Church in Virginia.
During his term as rector of St. Paul’s, 1812–1826, William Holland Wilmer was a major figure in the rebuilding of the Episcopal Church in Virginia in the aftermath of its disestablishment. In addition to founding St. John’s Episcopal Church, Lafayette Square, in 1815, he wrote extensively on church matters, published numerous sermons on special occasions, and contributed regularly to church publications of the time including the "Washington Theological Repertory," which he founded in 1919. In recognition of his many contributions, Wilmer was awarded an honorary doctorate (D.D.) by Brown University in 1820.
In 1823, Wilmer obtained permission from the vestry to build at his own expense a small lecture room on church property at the corner of Pitt and Duke Streets. The building was used as a Sunday school, schoolhouse, and lecture room, and also as a town hall. This building was eventually purchased by the vestry and stood until 1855 when the structure was sold and plans were made for a larger replacement. A larger building in Gothic style was constructed on the same site in 1859 that was also used as a Sunday school, lecture hall and meeting place until its demolition in 1955.
While serving as rector of St. Paul’s, Wilmer declined calls to serve other churches: St. John’s, Lafayette Square, in 1817; and Monumental Church, Richmond, Virginia, in 1826. That year, Wilmer became President of The College of William and Mary and rector of Bruton Parish Church in Williamsburg.
The founding of Virginia Theological Seminary.
One of Wilmer’s continuing concerns was the recruitment and education of clergy. In 1818, he founded the Society for the Education of Young Men for the Ministry of the Protestant Episcopal Church in Virginia and Maryland (Education Society). In 1823, after the Bishop of Maryland withdrew support for the Education Society and an effort to found a seminary in Williamsburg had failed, Wilmer and the Rev. Reuel Keith determined to hold classes in the St. Paul’s lecture hall.
The first class of 14 young men met in the St. Paul’s lecture hall that year. The founding of Virginia Theological Seminary is dated from those classes.
War of 1812 and saving of Alexandria.
Wilmer was part of a three person delegation that parleyed with British Admiral Cockburn during the Burning of Washington to save Alexandria from destruction. As result of the negotiations, Cockburn’s troops burned Alexandria’s docks, seized naval stores and looted warehouses, but did not burn the town.
Sunday school.
The St. Paul’s Sunday school was organized in 1818. In England, Sunday schools had been started for the education of the industrial poor. The schools taught reading and writing and rudiments of knowledge of the Bible and the liturgy. The Sunday school educated Negroes as well as Whites until the teaching of reading to Negroes was prohibited by the Virginia legislature in the aftermath of Nat Turner's slave rebellion.
Civil War.
Alexandria had been in the District of Columbia, but was returned to Virginia in 1846. The congregation of St. Paul’s was overwhelmingly supportive of the Confederacy after Virginia’s secession from the Union. The rector at the time, George Hatley Norton, took leave to serve as chaplain with the 17th Virginia Infantry, but never served because of ill health. For the duration of the War, however, he remained in Lexington Virginia. Other families also left town to avoid taking the oath of allegiance to the Union imposed by the martial law authority. And some of St. Paul’s most promising youth, including Randolph Fairfax, confirmed in St. Paul’s, died in arms as Confederate soldiers.
Alexandria was occupied by Union troops immediately following the bombardment of Fort Sumter and the town remained subject to military occupation for the duration of the war, even after a loyalist Virginia government was organized in 1863. Because the prayer book service made distinct mention of both the executive and the legislative departments of the government, Episcopal clergy were exposed to embarrassment whenever any part of the territory of the Confederate States was occupied by Union forces.
An early and particularly notorious incident was the arrest of St. Paul’s interim minister, the Rev. Dr. K. J. Stewart, in the sanctuary on February 9, 1862, by Union troops who attended with the stated purpose of provoking an incident.
During the Litany, Dr. Stewart was ordered by an attending Union officer to say the Prayer for the President of the United States that Dr. Stewart had omitted without saying any other prayer in its place. Dr. Stewart proceeded without paying any attention to the interruption; but a captain and six of his soldiers, who were present in the congregation to provoke an incident, drew their swords and pistols, strode into the chancel, seized the clergyman while he was still kneeling, held pistols to his head, and forced him out of the church, and through the streets, just as he was, in his surplice and stole, and committed him to the guard-house of the 8th Illinois Cavalry. Dr. Stewart was soon released, but was not allowed to continue to officiate at services. Immediately thereafter, the St. Paul’s sanctuary was closed and was used for the duration of the War as a hospital for the wounded.
Members with Southern sympathies from St. Paul’s, and also members from Christ Church, continued to meet in the St. Paul’s lecture hall until it too was closed in 1863 and also used as a hospital until the end of the War in 1865. When the church again regained possession of its buildings in May 1865, they had suffered extensive damage. One month later, on June 23, 1865, the vestry submitted to the Federal occupation force a statement of charges for repairs to restore the church to its former condition. The church was not reimbursed until 1912 for these expenses.
Bicentennial observances.
In honor of the church’s 200th anniversary, St. Paul’s has commissioned bicentennial service music composed by William Bradley Roberts, a series of lectures by eminent scholars on various historical subjects relating to worship in the church and its architecture, as well as other celebrations. All of these events culminated in a visit from the Presiding Bishop of the Episcopal Church USA, the Most Reverend Katharine Jefferts Schori. In June 2009, the St. Paul’s Choir went on a pilgrimage to England where it performed in St. Paul’s Cathedral, Canterbury Cathedral, St. James’s Church, Piccadilly, and other venues.
St. Paul’s and controversy in the Episcopal Church.
19th-century liturgical controversy.
St. Paul’s’ owes its inception at least in part to the liturgical controversy over vestments and liturgical details that roiled the Episcopal Church during much of the Nineteenth Century. One of the offenses committed by the first rector of St. Paul’s, William Lewis Gibson, before his abrupt resignation as rector of Christ Church and the resulting split in that congregation leading to the establishment of St. Paul's was that he chose to wear a white surplice over his cassock during services.
By 1873, the controversy over vestments and ritual accoutrements had become so acute that the Diocese of Kentucky seceded from the Episcopal Church. It is said that if Bishop Francis M. Whittle, Bishop of the Virginia Diocese, and well known in the Church for his opposition to "decorations" of any kind, had joined the schism, the Episcopal Church would have divided then as it had not in the Civil War.
While services at St. Paul’s now reflect the Broad Church consensus, services throughout the 19th century were notably less austere than at Christ Church. By the 1880s, the decorations on the St. Paul’s altar were a stark contrast to Christ Church that attracted comment. The divergent liturgical practices within the Diocese of Virginia and the intensity of feelings engendered by that controversy in its time are now recognized by some as precedent for dealing with current rifts in a tolerant and civil manner without schism.
Civil War.
The Civil War did not produce a formal division of the Episcopal Church, only a substitution of prayers for those in authority. Services in the Confederate States included prayers for the Confederate authorities rather than for the President of the United States. The services otherwise remained the same. In the North, the General Convention of 1862 declined to adopt resolutions that would have denounced the Southern Churchmen as seditious and schismatical.
Reconciliation within the Episcopal Church after the Civil War concluded was strained by the suffering and losses of life on both sides during that conflict, but helped to heal by mutual expressions of good will. Within a year of the end of the conflict the dioceses in the South had resolved to resume relations with the dioceses in the Union states. A resolution in the Diocese of Virginia to resume relations with the national church was adopted overwhelmingly by both clergy and laity at a meeting of the diocese on May 16, 1866. The meeting that adopted the resolution convened at St. Paul’s.
Current rifts and controversies in the Anglican Communion.
Two members of St. Paul’s congregation, Dr. David Abshire, and The Very Rev. Ian Markham, priest associate and Dean, Virginia Theological Seminary, wrote in 2008 regarding the rifts in the Episcopal Church (United States) and the Anglican Communion arising from controversies in the previous few years. In urging a respect for civility, "respect, listening, dialogue, and the possibility of higher ground," Abshire and Markham suggest that civility does not mean giving up what are considered sacred values, but means "searching for transcendent values with which to advance the common good." 
With regard to an alleged abandonment of the final authority of scripture, "Sola scriptura", Abshire and Markham contend that the final authority of scripture in matters of faith and practice as historically understood in the Roman Catholic Church, in Anglicanism, and by Luther during the Reformation never meant literalism, but attention to the spiritual content of scripture. The literalism of Fundamentalist Christianity, as articulated by American Baptists in the early Twentieth Century, is out of place, they contend, in the Anglican tradition, "which embraces both faith and reason and a sense of proportion." Anglicanism, they maintain, favors civility in dealing with differences.
Architecture.
Latrobe’s design.
The design of St. Paul’s reflects a close collaboration between Latrobe as architect and William Holland Wilmer (1782–1827), the second rector of St. Paul’s, from February 1812 until October 19, 1826. During his term as rector of St. Paul’s, Wilmer also founded St. John's Episcopal Church, Lafayette Square, Washington, D.C.
and served between 1815 and 1817 as rector of that church also. It was during his term as rector of St. John’s that Latrobe designed and supervised the construction of that church in a classical style. Bushrod Washington, nephew of George Washington, Supreme Court Justice, and an active layman in the St. Paul’s congregation may, as a friend of Latrobe, also have had a role in Latrobe’s retention as architect by the St. Paul’s vestry.
Though mainly known for buildings executed in a neoclassical style, including the United States Capitol, the Baltimore Cathedral, and St. John’s Episcopal Church, Latrobe had developed a Gothic plan for the Baltimore cathedral as an alternative to the Greco-Roman plan that was selected by Bishop Carroll.
Latrobe’s design for the St. Paul’s façade derives from that rejected Gothic plan. The three equal arches in the St. Paul’s façade that rise the full height of the building below the gable create a shallow porch, through which the church is entered. Though clearly differing in scale and ornamental elaboration, the façade is said to be reminiscent of Peterborough Cathedral.
Latrobe conceived of the interior of the church as a preaching place like the Congregational meeting houses of New England. The preaching space was to be open, unencumbered by piers and columns, with a central pulpit centered on the east wall with only an alcove behind for a chancel. As conceived by Latrobe, the interior of St. Paul’s would afford all in the congregation an unobstructed view of a raised central pulpit in front of the altar.
This pure conception was subverted during construction of St. Paul’s. At the instigation of the vestry and over Latrobe’s strident objections, the builder constructed galleries on the north, south and west sides of the church. Latrobe, however, was correct that members of the congregation in the galleries would be unable to see the pulpit. In 1872, the galleries were modified by raising the pews as if on steps specifically to address that limitation.
With the galleries, St. Paul’s is said to be similar to St. James Church, Piccadilly in its overall scheme and scale although simpler and different in architectural style from the Baroque architecture of that church.
Later modifications.
Over the course of the 19th century, the simplified liturgy with an emphasis on preaching that was prevalent in Virginia when St. Paul’s was built gave way in the Episcopal Church and in St. Paul’s to a greater emphasis on ritual. By the late 1800s, the high pulpit in front of the altar had been replaced by a pulpit set to the side, and in 1906 the chancel alcove in the Latrobe design was recessed 40 feet.
As a result of further change in liturgical emphasis to give the Eucharist a more central role in worship, the altar was moved in 1968 from the rear of the recessed chancel to its center. At that time, the organ in the chancel was replaced. A new organ constructed by Casavant Frères was installed in the West gallery.
Throughout, the church façade has experienced only periodic repairs and has remained true to Latrobe’s design.

</doc>
<doc id="20403876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403876" title="Alexander Toponce">
Alexander Toponce

Alexander Toponce (November 10, 1839 – May 13, 1923) was an American pioneer in the Intermountain West region of the United States.
Toponce was born in Belfort, France. His family emigrated to the United States when he was seven. He reportedly ran away from home when he was ten.
Toponce worked in various occupations, including as a logger, cowboy, stagecoach driver, Pony Express rider, and gold prospector. He was an assistant wagon boss during the Utah War from 1857 to 1858. Toponce spent much of his later life in Utah. Although a friend to many Mormons, including well-known ones such as Porter Rockwell, he was not a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Toponce attended the Golden spike ceremony at Promontory, Utah in 1869.
Toponce ran several businesses during his life. These included trading between Salt Lake City and Montana gold camps and Nevada silver camps, performing various services for Union Pacific, raising cattle in Idaho, and running stage lines to mining towns.
Toponce died in Ogden, Utah. His autobiography, "Reminiscences of Alexander Toponce", was published posthumously.

</doc>
<doc id="20403881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403881" title="Inherent Vice">
Inherent Vice

Inherent Vice is a novel by Thomas Pynchon, originally published in August 2009.
Title.
The term "inherent vice" as a phrase refers to a hidden defect (or the very nature) of a physical object that causes it to deteriorate because of the fundamental instability of its components. In the legal sense, inherent vice may make an item an unacceptable risk to a carrier or insurer. If the characteristic or defect is not visible, and if the carrier or the insurer has not been warned of it, neither of them may be liable for any claim arising solely out of the inherent vice." 
The phrase "inherent vice" appears often in William Gaddis' "The Recognitions", a novel that influenced American post-modern literature. In Gaddis' novel, the term refers to defects in a work of art.
Reviews.
Critics reacted well to "Inherent Vice", particularly for its mainstream appeal. In a generally favorable review, the "New York Times" Michiko Kakutani called it "Pynchon Lite", describing it as "a simple shaggy-dog detective story that pits likable dopers against the Los Angeles Police Department and its 'countersubversive' agents, a novel in which paranoia is less a political or metaphysical state than a byproduct of smoking too much weed". A review by academic Louis Menand in "The New Yorker" declared the novel "a generally lighthearted affair", while adding that there were still "a few familiar apocalyptic touches, and a suggestion that countercultural California is a lost continent of freedom and play, swallowed up by the faceless forces of co-optation and repression". In a scathing review in "New York" magazine, Sam Anderson wrote that "with no suspense and nothing at stake, Pynchon's manic energy just feels like aimless invention".
Plot summary.
The setting is Los Angeles during the winter of 1969 and summer of 1970; the arrest and trial of the Manson Family is featured throughout the novel as a current event. Larry "Doc" Sportello, private investigator and "pothead", receives a visit from his former girlfriend Shasta Fay Hepworth, now having an affair with the real-estate mogul Mickey Wolfmann. Shasta asks Doc to help foil a plot allegedly hatched by Mickey's wife Sloane and her lover, Riggs Warbling, to have Mickey admitted to a mental health institution. Soon afterwards Tariq Khalil asks Doc to find the whereabouts of Glen Charlock, one of Mickey's bodyguards—Tariq claims that Glen owes him money after their time spent together in prison.
Doc visits one of Mickey's developments but is knocked unconscious, and awakes to find himself being questioned by his old LAPD nemesis, Detective Christian "Bigfoot" Bjornsen, who informs Doc that Glen Charlock has been shot dead and that Mickey has vanished. Later, Doc is visited by Hope Harlingen, the widow of a musician named Coy Harlingen, who wants Doc to investigate rumours that Coy is still alive. Doc finds Coy in a nightclub, but upon hearing that Doc is investigating Mickey, Coy tells Doc about the "Golden Fang", an old schooner suspected of bringing mysterious goods into port, and upon which both Mickey and Shasta are rumoured to have departed. Doc learns that Coy has been working for the government as an informer and "agent provocateur", but is allowed no contact with his family. He also discovers that one Puck Beaverton had switched shifts with Glen Charlock on the day of Glen's death, and that Mickey had been working at the time of his disappearance on a plan to atone for his sins as a ruthless entrepreneur.
Doc pays a visit to the HQ of Golden Fang Enterprises where he meets Japonica Fenway, a young runaway whom Doc had returned to her wealthy parents on a previous occasion. Japonica reveals that she has stayed at a clinic named the Chryskylodon Institute. Doc visits the Institute, where he again encounters Coy Harlingen, and deduces that Mickey has been apprehended by persons unknown. Doc is then told that the attack during which Glen Charlock was shot was carried out by a group of vigilantes who are said to do dirty work for the LAPD. Doc then discovers links between Puck Beaverton and a notorious loan shark named Adrian Prussia. After a visit from Trillium Fortnight, a female companion of Puck's, Doc travels to Las Vegas in search of Puck and Trillium 's "three-way" partner, Einar.
In Vegas, Doc places a bet with the manager of the Kismet Lounge, Fabian Fazzo, that Mickey did not fake his own disappearance. Later, Doc believes that he sees Mickey in the company of federal agents, and subsequently hears of Mickey's scheme for a philanthropic housing project in the desert. Doc visits the site and encounters Riggs Warbling, architect of the housing project, who fears that Mickey has been "reprogrammed" and that the development, already abandoned, will be destroyed. 
Back in Los Angeles, Doc learns that Puck Beaverton and Bigfoot's former policing partner, Vincent Indelicato, were sworn enemies. Adrian Prussia, who was used by the authorities as an unofficial assassin, effectively immune from the law, and who employed Puck, permitted Puck to murder Vincent. Doc visits Adrian, who claims that he is behind the Golden Fang organisation, while Puck contends that Glen was killed deliberately because he was supplying black-power groups with weapons. Doc is handcuffed and about to be given a lethal drug overdose, but escapes and kills both Puck and Adrian. Bigfoot, who has evidently been using Doc to investigate Vincent's death, picks Doc up, but sets him up with a huge quantity of stolen heroin. 
Doc performs a switch operation in order to hide the drugs and is later contacted by Crocker Fenway (father of Japonica) who acts as an intermediate for the Golden Fang. Doc arranges a handover, his only condition being that Coy is released from all of his obligations and allowed to return to his family. After the handover has taken place, Doc and his lawyer Sauncho hear that the "Golden Fang" schooner is leaving port. Along with the Coast Guard, they pursue the vessel, and watch as it is abandoned after encountering an enormous surf wave. Sauncho and Doc then decide to place a claim on the schooner.
At the end of the novel, Doc receives a payment from Fabian Fazzo in settlement of his bet about Mickey. He also learns that Coy has been reunited with Hope and their child, Amethyst.
Film adaptation.
In early 2011 it was reported that Academy Award nominated writer-director Paul Thomas Anderson ("Magnolia", "There Will Be Blood", "The Master") would adapt "Inherent Vice" into a feature film. Anderson's script for the film reportedly has the blessing of Pynchon himself. The film will reunite Anderson with his lead from 2012's "The Master," Joaquin Phoenix.

</doc>
<doc id="20403891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403891" title="Green Party of Fiji">
Green Party of Fiji

The Green Party of Fiji was a political party in Fiji. The party was formed in November 2008 by former interim regime Cabinet Minister Bernadette Ganilau. Like other green parties, the party followed principles of "ecological wisdom, social justice and non-violence, participatory democracy and sustainability".
The party was registered with the Fiji Elections Office.
In January 2013 the military regime promulgated new regulations governing the registration of political parties, requiring all parties to have at least 5,000 members. All existing parties had to re-register under the new regulations. The party was not one of the two to re-register, and as a result was wound up and its assets forfeited to the state.

</doc>
<doc id="20403923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403923" title="Lee Agnew">
Lee Agnew

Lee Agnew (13 January 1971, Dunfermline, Scotland) is a Scottish drummer and percussionist. He is the son of Pete Agnew. Lee Agnew worked as a drum technician for Nazareth, and when Darrell Sweet died in 1999, he became the permanent drummer of the band.

</doc>
<doc id="20403925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403925" title="Xingqing District">
Xingqing District

Xingqing District () is a district under the administration of Yinchuan city in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China. It has a total area of 757.6 square kilometers, and, according to the 2010 China Census, a population of 678,306 people.
Characteristics.
Xingqing District is the political, economic, scientific, cultural, financial, and commercial center of Yinchuan, the capital city of Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region. The district administers two villages and two towns. Although many Han Chinese live in the district, approximately 85,000 of its residents are of the Hui nationality. The district government is located on East Beijing Road, and the district's postal code is 750004.

</doc>
<doc id="20403932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403932" title="Ringsted Abbey">
Ringsted Abbey

Ringsted Abbey was one of the earliest and most influential Benedictine houses in Denmark.
History.
Ringsted was one of Denmark's earliest towns and in Viking times a center for worship. The town had a royal mint in 1020 and a Benedictine priory was established by Sven Estridsen before his death in 1076, but not completed until 1081 or 1082 under Bishop of Roskilde Svend Norbagge. It was dedicated to the Virgin Mary. The first priory church was constructed out of limestone. According to tradition the monks were brought by the king from one of his campaigns in Britain. 
Ringsted Abbey owes its importance to its being the resting place of Canute Lavard. Duke Canute was murdered at Haraldsted forest just north of Ringsted in 1131. 
It is unclear what happened to the original priory, but in 1135 King Erik Emune refounded Ringsted Priory with Benedictine monks from Odense. The abbey received its recognition by Pope Innocent II in 1138. St. Mary's Church (Danish: Sct Maria) is the oldest brick church in Scandinavia, a successor to the travertine church of 1080. St. Canute's bones were moved into a new chapel in the priory church at Ringsted in 1157 with the approval of St Canute's son, Valdemar I. The church became an immediate pilgrimage site. With the funds raised from pilgrims and royal patronage the abbey church was expanded and dedicated in 1170 with great ceremony. Subsequently Ringsted Priory became the location of the burials of many of Valdemar's descendants from 1182 until 1341. Valdemar I Sejr and Queen Dagmar were buried there. The church was later renamed St. Bendt's Church after St Benedict.
Ringsted priory became an abbey in the mid-13th century and by that time was so influential that its abbot was a permanent member of the State Council (Danish: Rigsråd) which advised Denmark's kings until the Reformation. His rank was equal to that of the bishops. Ringsted Abbey enjoyed almost continuous royal support as well as that of the most powerful noble families and bishops of Denmark. Its royal connections brought it extensive land holdings in Zealand and other parts of Denmark. The abbey also had papal protections and in 1193 received permission to hold mass even when Denmark lay under interdict as happened periodically in the stormy years of the 13th century.
The abbey suffered damaging fires in 1241 and 1300, but with the amount of income available quickly rebuilt even more splendidly than before.
Denmark became a Lutheran nation with the adoption of the Lutheran Ordinances in October 1536. Ringsted once again received special treatment. All other monastic houses were closed, but Ringsted remained open, though under the direction of a Lutheran superintendent. The monks eventually abandoned their abbey and became ordinary Danes or traveled south to join other Benedictine houses in Germany. In time the abbey and all its properties reverted to the crown.
Unfortunately, during the Reformation the entire archive of the monastery was destroyed. The national archives contain a few letters from the 15th century and bit of the Ringsted Book which outlines the monetary's privileges.
In 1592 Ringsted Abbey was given to Lave Beck a nobleman and royal counselor and was transformed into a large manorhouse. In the 17th century Ringsted Abbey came into the possession of the Seefeldt family. The abbey's outbuildings gradually fell into disrepair and were torn down. In 1806 a fire destroyed the entiree complex except for the church which remains today.

</doc>
<doc id="20403974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403974" title="Macaroni Boy">
Macaroni Boy

Macaroni Boy is an historical, young-adult novel by the American writer Katherine Ayres. 
It is set in 1933 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania during the Great Depression and tells the story of sixth-grader Mike Costa. His large Italian-American family owns a food warehouse in the Strip District, but the school bully taunts him, calling him Macaroni Boy. Mike is the store's rat killer, and when he checks his traps he is catching fewer. Mike eventually discovers a connection between the dying rats and his grandfather's illness. Mike's best friend, Joseph, helps Mike solve this great mystery

</doc>
<doc id="20403990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403990" title="Anything Goes (Randy Houser song)">
Anything Goes (Randy Houser song)

"Anything Goes" is the title of a debut song written by Brice Long and John Wiggins, and recorded by American country music singer Randy Houser. It was released in May 2008 as the lead-off single and title track from his debut album "Anything Goes".
Content.
"Anything Goes" is a mid-tempo ballad, mostly accompanied by piano and Hammond B-3 organ, with pedal steel guitar flourishes. In it, the narrator recalls a one-night stand with a woman whom he has met a bar. He states that he does not feel guilty about the encounter, because his lover has left him.
Music video.
A music video was made for the song in October 2008. Directed by Vincenzo Giammanco, the video starts with Houser walking into a bar to drink a beer. Scenes also show him playing guitar in the bar. In the second verse of the song, Houser is seen sitting on a bed, with his one night stand still asleep. At the end of the video, Houser places his guitar into a fire.
Reception.
The song has received mixed reception from music reviewers. Brady Vercher of The 9513, stated in his review of the album that Houser "showed a lot of promise" in this song. He also described it as "similar in theme to Jamey Johnson's 'Mary Go Round', only from a slightly different perspective." Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic described "Anything Goes" as "melodic and tightly constructed, but not quite memorable." Allen Jacobs of Roughstock gave the song a mixed review, thinking that the verses "stumbled", but described Houser's vocal performance favorably.
Chart performance.
"Anything Goes" was released in May 2008. It debuted at #56 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart dated June 21, 2008. It reached its peak of #16 on the country chart dated December 6, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20403994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20403994" title="Cowan Creek">
Cowan Creek

Cowan Creek is located in New South Wales, Australia. It is a tidal subcatchment of the Hawkesbury River. Almost all of the catchment lies within Ku-ring-gai Chase National Park. Tributaries include Coal and Candle Creek, which branches off from Cowan Creek at Cottage Point and Smiths Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="20404002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404002" title="Ted Turner (guitarist)">
Ted Turner (guitarist)

David Alan "Ted" Turner (born 2 August 1950, Sheldon, Birmingham) is a guitarist and vocalist best known for his work with the 1970s rock band Wishbone Ash, in which he was famed for his twin lead guitar instrumental arrangements with Andy Powell. Turner also contributed lap steel guitar to a variety of Wishbone Ash recordings.
Career.
Pre-Wishbone Ash.
Prior to Wishbone Ash, Turner played with the Birmingham band, King Biscuit.
Wishbone Ash.
Turner joined Wishbone Ash in 1969, leaving after their fourth album, "Wishbone Four", in 1974.
His main guitar during this period was a maple necked Fender Stratocaster. He also used a Gibson Les Paul and vintage lap steel guitars. Wishbone Ash also used the early Orange/Matamp amplifiers during this period.
In 1971 Turner was invited to play on John Lennon's "Imagine", on "Crippled Inside". Turner accepted the chance to record with John Lennon, George Harrison and Ringo Starr.
Post-Wishbone Ash.
In the spring of 1974, Ted left Wishbone Ash and the music business to travel the world. By 1975 he had found his way to New Orleans and into the 'World Man Band' project, an attempt to raise global consciousness through rock music based upon information from R. Buckminster Fuller. Later that same year, Turner moved to Los Angeles to record, write and produce music artists including as George Harrison, Billy Preston and Al Stewart.
In 1980, Turner returned to England and did studio work with Stewart Copeland, Gene October, and Brian James. The next year found him once again in the United States, where he married and formed a new band. Called "Choice", it featured Greg Cook (guitars, keyboards, and vocals), Robbie Hewlett (bass guitar) and Bobby Dean Wickland (drums). In 1982, Ted joined the re-formed "Badfinger" and toured the country with them.
From 1983 to 1985, Turner was involved in various recording projects with such artists as Brian Auger and Rod Stewart. In 1985 he moved to Chicago, recorded with various artistes including Sugar Blue.
Rejoining Wishbone Ash.
In 1987 he rejoined Wishbone Ash and with them recorded "Nouveau Calls" for Miles Copeland III's No Speak label. In the spring of 1988, the original Wishbone Ash toured England and Europe for the first time in 15 years, and in the autumn of that year Turner and Andy Powell were invited to join Copeland's "Night of the Guitar" tour. That group included such guitar legends as Randy California, Peter Haycock, Steve Howe, Steve Hunter, Robby Krieger, Leslie West, Alvin Lee and Jan Akkerman.
Later work.
Turner continued to tour and record with Wishbone Ash until 1994, when he once again decided to depart. In that same year, he suffered – and witnessed – the loss of his son Kipp, who was killed by a drunk driver in Scottsdale, Arizona. He now has a daughter Sloane. In 2010 his first solo album "ECLEKTIC VALUE" is released to widespread critical acclaim. He has also made guest appearances with Martin Turner's Wishbone Ash, led by Wishbone Ash's founding original member bassist/vocalist Martin Turner (no relation) including a performance at the High Voltage Festival in London's Victoria Park in July 2010 and more are planned, updates can be found on Ted's website http://www.tedturnerguitar.com
Recognition.
During Turner's career with Wishbone Ash, he has played to three generations of fans all around the world. He has been voted one of "Rolling Stone"'s 'Top Twenty Rock Guitarists of All Time', and named by "Traffic" magazine as "one of the most important guitarists in rock history".

</doc>
<doc id="20404005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404005" title="Mijo Studenović">
Mijo Studenović

Club career.
Studenović previously played for HNK Cibalia in the Croatian Prva HNL. He also played for NK Široki Brijeg in the Bosnian Premier League.
International career.
Studenović has made one appearance for the Bosnia and Herzegovina national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20404032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404032" title="Liquid hydrogen tank car">
Liquid hydrogen tank car

A liquid hydrogen tank car, also called liquid hydrogen tank wagon or liquid hydrogen tanker wagon is a railroad tank car designed to carry cryogenic liquid hydrogen (LH2). LH2 tank cars with a capacity of are used for transcontinental transport.
Design.
The pressure within the tank is or lower with a temperature below 20.27 K () and a boil-off rate of 0.3% to 0.6% per day The tank is double walled like a vacuum flask with multi-layer insulation, with the valves and fittings enclosed in a cabinet at the lower side or end of the car.
Classes.
Cryogenic liquid tank cars in the USA are classified as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20404059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404059" title="Xinhua Hospital">
Xinhua Hospital

Xinhua Hospital () is a general hospital in Shanghai, China, with the rank of "Grade 3, Class A(Chinese: 三级甲等)". The hospital was established in 1958. It is a university hospital affiliated to School of Medicine, Shanghai Jiao Tong University. Xinhua Hospital is famous for its pediatrics. Shanghai Institute for Pediatric Research is standing in it. Pediatrics is also a national key discipline. In 1998, it helped to establish Shanghai Children's Medical Center with the support from Project HOPE(Health Opportunities for People Everywhere).

</doc>
<doc id="20404066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404066" title="Robert Spencer, 1st Baron Spencer of Wormleighton">
Robert Spencer, 1st Baron Spencer of Wormleighton

Robert Spencer, 1st Baron Spencer of Wormleighton KG (1570 – 25 October 1627) was an English peer, landowner and MP from the Spencer family.
Life.
He was born in Althorp, Northamptonshire, the son of Sir John Spencer (d. 1599) and Mary, daughter of Sir Robert Catlyn.
Spencer held the office of Member of Parliament for Brackley from 1597 to 1598. He was the Commissioner for Musters for Northamptonshire in 1600 and Sheriff of Northamptonshire for 1601–02. He was invested as a Knight, Order of the Garter in 1601. Sir Robert was created 1st Baron Spencer of Wormleighton (in the Peerage of England) on 21 July 1603.
Family.
On 15 February 1587 he married Margaret Willoughby the daughter of Sir Francis Willoughby and Elizabeth Lyttelton. Robert had seven children by Margaret.

</doc>
<doc id="20404105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404105" title="Organización Democrática Nacionalista">
Organización Democrática Nacionalista

ORDEN, or Organización Democrática Nacionalista (National Democratic Organization) was a Salvadoran paramilitary organization founded under the military rule of Julio Adalberto Rivera, headed by José Alberto Medrano, and supported initially by the Green Berets. ORDEN helped control the 1972 elections, in which reform-minded José Napoleón Duarte lost to Arturo Armando Molina (of Rivera's party, the Party of National Conciliation (PCN) due to fraud.
ORDEN was originally established in 1961 as a civil defense apparatus, composed of army reserve units and commandeered peasants. According to the Human Rights Institute of the Central American University, one of ORDEN's principal functions initially was to identify and eliminate purported communists among the rural population. Under Colonel Jose Alberto Medrano's command, ORDEN was transformed into a highly organized militia force, with military officers in command at the department level, non-commissioned officers coordinating actions from municipal centers, and many members drawn from army reservists and retired National Guard and Treasury Police officers. ORDEN functioned the intelligence-gathering instrument of the Salvadoran armed forces (FAES) while also acting in anti-insurgent operations and helping in military recruitment. Its structure was composed of senior military officers directly responsible to the president, and it functioned as the brain of a security network that spanned the entire country, providing information and coordinating the activities of death squads.
In 1965, all of El Salvador's military, paramilitary, and other forces were synchronized under one system: ANSESAL, or Agencia Nacional de Seguridad Salvadoreña (National Security Agency of El Salvador). A 1983 report said that one in five people in El Salvador were informers for ANSESAL.
After 1967, its existence and function was made public and it served to strengthen the base of support for the PCN, which won all the elections between 1962 and 1969. The importance of ORDEN lay in its being an organization composed of peasants and farmers responsible for repressing their own class. In 1967, the paramilitary organization mobilized over 100,000 people. After the election of Fidel Sánchez Hernández, also in 1967, the president took control of ORDEN.
ORDEN penetrated every hamlet in the country and, according to Americas Watch, "is widely recognized as one of the precursors of the 'death squads' of the late 1970s and 1980s." During the 1970s ORDEN units frequently participated with the military and security forces in the torture and killing of unarmed government opponents, and was accused of engaging in widespread repression by both the U.S. State Department and the Organization of American States (OAS). The October 1978 Amnesty International report on El Salvador indicated that ORDEN functioned as a government goon squad to frighten local people, break up community meetings, foster electoral fraud and torture and murder peasants.
During the regime of Gen. Carlos Humberto Romero the government relied heavily on ORDEN to repress opposition in rural areas. The Inter-American Commission on Human Rights of the OAS issued a report which indicated that ORDEN was terrorizing peasants throughout the country as part of the military's overall policy of repression, and that ORDEN was involved in a number of extrajudicial killings and acts of torture. Moreover, a March 1980 report by Amnesty International to the Inter-American Commission contained seven pages of incidents in which the military, security forces or ORDEN were responsible for killing unarmed civilians. There were reports in the late 1970s of ORDEN and National Guard forces killing civilian opponents of the government with machetes, sometimes brutally hacking them to death and leaving them out in the open as a warning to other activists.
ORDEN was also implicated in voter intimidation during the 1972 and 1977 elections, playing a central role in reinforcing electoral fraud. Voting in El Salvador was obligatory for every citizen, and those who did not comply were subject to intimidation by security forces and armed political factions. ORDEN was heavily involved in coercing the civilian population into voting for General Romero in the February 1977 elections, reportedly using machetes to terrorize the general's opponents into submission and force citizens to vote for Romero. ORDEN also coordinated and directed repressive actions against the clergy. In just four months between February and May 1977, 17 priests were expelled or forced to flee the country, four imprisoned and tortured, and six killed. These actions were both coordinated and carried out by ORDEN.
In November 1979, ORDEN was officially decommissioned by the Revolutionary Government Junta of El Salvador as part of a program of human rights reform. However, with the escalation of civil tensions and the resignation of the last civilian members of the junta, the military unofficially reactivated ORDEN. ORDEN subsequently resumed its normal functions, as an intelligence gathering agency and a repressive apparatus, and continued to be a principal auxiliary to conventional forces in El Salvador.
On May 14, 1980, ORDEN participated with the National Guard and units of Military Detachment No. 1 in a large massacre at the Rio Sumpul on May 14, 1980, in which an estimated 600 civilians were killed, mostly women and children. When the villagers were attempting to escape violence by crossing the river they were prevented from reaching the other side by the Honduran armed forces "and then killed by Salvadorian troops who fired on them in cold blood." Peasants who survived the massacre later described to visiting foreign delegations of inquiry how Salvadoran soldiers and ORDEN members gathered children and babies together, threw them into the air and slashed them to death with machetes.

</doc>
<doc id="20404109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404109" title="Mike Donilon">
Mike Donilon

Mike Donilon, a lawyer and political campaign consultant, has been appointed to be Counselor to the Vice-President by Vice President Joe Biden. Prior to the appointment, Donilon worked with the vice-presidential candidate to help him prepare for the debates and also as a traveling advisor. He has been an advisor and consultant to Vice President Biden since 1981.
Early life and education.
Donilon is a graduate of La Salle Academy in Providence, Rhode Island. He received an A.B. and a J.D. from Georgetown University.
Career.
Mike Donilon has advised candidates and worked on their campaigns in numerous important races including Douglas Wilder's historic campaign and victory for governorship of Virginia (1989), Harris Wofford's upset victory over Dick Thornburgh to become Senator for the state of Pennsylvania, and Bill Clinton's successful run for the White House in 1992.
Donilon has also worked on campaigns for Governor Jon Corzine (D-NJ), Senator Bill Nelson (D-FL), Senator Jack Reed (D-RI), Senator Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI), and former Senator Mark Dayton (D-MN). In 2006 and 2008, Donilon claims he was "was instrumental in the campaigns for Senator Claire McCaskill (D-MO), Senator Robert Menendez (D-NJ), Senator Mark Udall (D-CO), and Senator Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH), working to create the campaign ads for those races paid for by expenditure of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee."
Personal life.
Donilon's brother is Tom Donilon, who was chief of staff in former President Bill Clinton’s State Department and is a former National security adviser to Barack Obama. His sister-in-law is Catherine M. Russell, chief of staff to Jill Biden, the wife of Joe Biden, Vice President of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20404224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404224" title="Dissoi logoi">
Dissoi logoi

Dissoi Logoi (literally, "contrasting arguments" in Greek) is a rhetorical exercise of unknown authorship, and date. It is intended to help an individual gain a deeper understanding of an issue by forcing him or her to consider it from the angle of his opponent, which may serve either to strengthen his or her argument or to help the debaters reach compromise.
In ancient Greece, students of rhetoric would be asked to speak and write for both sides of a controversy. The "Dissoi Logoi" was found amongst the works of Sextus Empiricus who lived between 160-210 C.E. It was first published by Stephanus in 1570, as an appendix to his edition of Diogenes Laertius, and it is found here divided into five chapters. It would be another 100 years until it was published with a commentary of its own, which was done by Thomas Gale in 1671. It would yet another 100 years until an edition was published to contain an apparatus criticus, which was achieved by Ernst Weber in 1897 
History.
The composition date of the work is unknown. Scholars look to the text to piece out clues as to its origin, but find that even this is ambiguous at best. One possible way to date the work is its mention of the offspring of Polyclitus, a well known Greek sculptor. In the "Dissoi Logoi" (section 6.8) it states that Polyclitus taught his son (singular) the virtue of αρετη. Yet in "Protagoras"" 328c, the usually attentive Plato claims Polyclitus to have in fact two sons, not just one. The "Protagoras's" dramatic events are conventionally dated to between 429 and 422 B.C.E., so either one of the authors made a mistake in listing the genealogy of Polyclitus, or the Dissoi Logoi was written before Polyclitus had another son, thus dating it to before the 420's B.C.E.
Another interesting reference possibly dating the text is its mention of a victory of Sparta over Athens and her allies at section 1.8. At face value, most tend to accept this as a reference to the Peloponnesian War, and thus claim that the Dissoi Logoi must have been written after this wars terminal date, 404 B.C.E. While this is most probably true, it is by no means sure, because there are other instances of Spartan victory over Athens which add uncertainty to this dating, such as the Battle of Tanagra, which occurred all the way back in 457 B.C.E. Although each theory is warranted and clever, none can be stated with 100% accuracy, and thus the "Dissoi Logoi" are generally dated to between the 5th and early 4th centuries B.C.E.
The work is largely written in the Doric dialect, yet still contains small examples of the Attic and Ionian dialects as well
Interpretation.
"Dissoi Logoi", also called "dialexeis", is a two-fold argument, which considers each side of an argument in hopes of coming to a deeper truth. Silvermintz notes that while "dissoi logoi" purports to offer a consideration of both the absolutist and relativist positions, the latter chapters defending the sophists demonstrate its allegiance to the relativist position. It is similar to a form of debate with oneself and holds that contradiction is an inevitable consequence of discourse.
It considers demonstrating contrasting arguments in a single oration a method of demonstrating skill. Protagoras stated that every argument had two contradicting sides, both of which could be argued. This idea emphasizes the power and versatility of language. A difinite parallel can be drawn between the thoughts of Protagoras as recounted by Plato, and the rhetorical methods used in the "Dissoi Logoi" Aristotle supported this idea by stating that it is necessary to think in opposites to anticipate counterarguments and to arrive at the true state of an idea, object, etc. He also states that what is beneficial for one group might not necessarily be advantageous for another. "Dissoi Logoi" considers that rhetoric can be situational. In regards to Gorgias, the persuasive argument is dependent upon what seems logical according to the situation at any given time. Good and bad are relative to context, point of view, time, place, etc.
What cannot be denied is the confounding nature with which the Dissoi Logoi conveys its message. For instance, in the very first chapter, the author states "some say that what is good and what is bad are two different things, others that they are the same thing..I myself side with the latter group", yet by the end of this chapter, it has changed "I am trying rather to point out that it is not the same thing which is bad and good, but that each is different from the other One scholar remarks on the true purpose of the Dissoi Logoi"It could be a serious, and hence disappointingly bad treatise; a heavy-handed spoof of such (Sophist) works; a workbook for dialecticians...It is almost impossible to say anything about the "Dissoi Logoi" that goes beyond mere conjecture." 
Related Works.
There are many 5th and 4th century B.C.E. works that touch upon similar concepts mentioned in the "Dissoi Logoi". As previously mentioned, the Dissoi Logoi's attempt to argue and issue from both sides is reminiscent of Plato's "Protagoras", which was presumably written after the "Dissoi Logoi". It could be that the "Dissoi Logoi" could have been derived from Protagoras himself, and may have even been an influence on Plato while he was writing his "Protagoras".
The "Dissoi Logoi" speak in detail about the acquisition of language in humans, which is ultimately determined to be learned, not inherent (6.12). He comes to this conclusion through a question, "What if a Greek child is born in Greece and immediately sent to live in Persia? The answer of course is that the child would speak Persian, not Greek, and therefore language must be learned. A similar debate is waged in Herodotus's Histories 2.2, where an Egyptian king, Psammetichus, attempts to determine the world's first language by raising two newborns completely in lack of language. The children independently begin to speak Phrygian, which is then determined to be the first language of man. Both Herodotus, and the author of the Dissoi Logoi both seem to have invested thought into the developments of language 

</doc>
<doc id="20404253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404253" title="Bradford Leavitt">
Bradford Leavitt

Rev. Bradford Leavitt (born 1868) was a Harvard-educated Unitarian minister named pastor of San Francisco's First Unitarian Church in 1900 – six years before the San Francisco earthquake. Leavitt served the church during and after the disaster, earning a reputation for effective leadership. During his time at First Unitarian, Leavitt also wrote editorials for "The San Francisco Chronicle". Later the activist Leavitt exposed corruption in San Francisco's government, resulting in the Mayor's conviction on corruption charges, as well as the resignation of the city's entire Board of Supervisors.
Early years.
He was born Edwin Bradford Leavitt in Dorchester, Massachusetts, on June 4, 1868, to Col. Charles Bradford Leavitt and his wife Emma Louisa (Bates) Leavitt, and attended Hingham High School in Hingham, Massachusetts, the home of his Leavitt ancestors. Leavitt's father Col. Leavitt served during the American Civil War as an officer in the 70th U.S. Colored Infantry as well as the 12th U.S. Colored Heavy Artillery, during which command he saw many engagements across the Deep South.
His son Bradford graduated from Harvard College in 1881 with a degree in English composition and philosophy, and from Harvard Divinity School in 1893, after which he was invited to become minister of the Unitarian Church in Brattleboro, Vermont. Leavitt accepted, turning down an invitation from the First Parish in Concord, Massachusetts. "Youthful, brilliant, with a mind trained by keen scientific observation, his message could not have failed to capture the attention of his hearers," wrote Mary Rogers Cabot in her "Annals of Brattleboro, 1681–1895". Among Rev. Leavitt's earliest moves in his new ministry was helping found the Women's Alliance.
Leavitt served in Brattleboro until 1897, during which time he delivered sermons with titles like "Some Things which Astronomy Teaches about the Universe".
In 1897, Leavitt stepped down from his Brattleboro ministry when he was named pastor of First Unitarian Church, then known as All Souls' Church, in Washington, D.C., where he served three years. The church had been the worship place of several Presidents, and Leavitt's appointment was watched closely. In 1899 Leavitt delivered a eulogy to Vermont Senator Justin S. Morrill that demonstrated his lean speaking style, beginning with a simple sentence: "In moments of deepest emotion we are instinctively silent."
Leavitt's tenure at All Souls' began auspiciously. Nearly 1,000 worshippers regularly filled the church for two Sunday services, and the church found itself compelled to rent additional pews for the overflow. Word of Leavitt's intellectual ministry and powerful speaking style spread.
San Francisco ministry.
In 1900 Leavitt was named minister of San Francisco's First Unitarian Church, succeeding the ill Rev. Dr. Horatio Stebbins. Minister Thomas Starr King, one of San Francisco's most beloved figures (commemorated in a large statue in Golden Gate Park) had served as the First Church's minister during the Civil War. Rev. Leavitt was named to the post on the church's fiftieth anniversary in 1900, and he held the pastorate for 13 eventful years. From the beginning, Rev. Leavitt sent a message of change. "The struggles of the coming century will be largely social," the pastor wrote on his acceptance of his new West Coast ministry. "Personal salvation will give way to social salvation.”
In 1903, the activist Rev. Leavitt took the podium to address the convention of the California State Suffrage Association at Golden Gate Hall. By early 1906 Leavitt felt so confident of his mission that he wrote glowingly of the church's reinvigorated finances and activist social program. "Never in the history of this Coast has our situation been as promising as it is today," Leavitt wrote his parishioners.
Three months later everything changed. On April 18, 1906, the San Francisco earthquake rent the city, setting buildings alight, killing scores, devastating Leavitt's ministry, and despoiling his church. The tremors shook the church's bell from its tower, sending it careening through the roof, interrupting worship services for a considerable period. The earthquake also destroyed the homes of many communicants, as well as driving others from the devastated city. During the following years, Leavitt's pastoral presence was evident across the devastated Bay Area. In 1907, Leavitt was named one of the University preachers at the Memorial Church at the Leland Stanford Junior University in Palo Alto. (Leavitt subsequently served as a special preacher at the university, delivering the sermon on alternate Sundays during the academic year, and he gave several baccalaureate sermons at Stanford graduation services during his tenure at First Unitarian Church).
In the years following the earthquake Leavitt became involved in a wide variety of charities, including the San Francisco Foundling Asylum, the San Francisco Relief and Red Cross Funds, and San Francisco Polytechnic. The Unitarian minister sat on the committee overseeing the city's hospitals, was a member of the Council of Associated Charities, and served on the advisory committee of the Independent League of Republican Clubs.
The San Francisco earthquake, Leavitt wrote his Harvard classmates, was the watershed event of his life: "I have been through the earthquake and fire and taken my part in the rehabilitation work, and now feel a bit the worse for wear, but wouldn't have missed it for an ordinary year or two of life."
During the same period Leavitt continued speaking out on issues of the day. He spoke to a teachers' associations, telling them the new century's most profound event was the study of evolution. "The ministerial world now recognizes the latter (evolution)," Leavitt told the assembled history teachers, "and can now see evolution in the parable of the seed and its growth and in the work of Saint Paul." (Leavitt's speech on the subject preceded the famous Scopes Monkey Trial by more than a decade.)
In the years following the San Francisco earthquake, Rev. Leavitt worked with the city's mayor and civil service on relief work. But, ironically, Leavitt later turned against the Mayor and his lieutenants after his discovery of corruption at the highest levels of San Francisco's City Hall, which Leavitt later helped expose. The city's mayor was convicted in the investigation that followed, and the entire Board of Supervisors resigned in the wake of the scandal. "We have dreamed we were living under the government of laws," Leavitt wrote following the attempted assassination of Assistant San Francisco District Attorney Heney, who was investigating corruption Leavitt helped uncover, "whereas we were living under the government of newspapers hired by corrupt corporations, and the enemies of civic decency."
Post-ministry.
Leavitt left the ministry for business in 1913 and became a successful San Francisco merchant, living at 2511 Octavia Street and at his ranch in Woodside, California, on the peninsula south of the city. After leaving the ministry, Leavitt worked for the firm of A.E.S. Thompson & Co. in the commission business at 24 California Street.
Near the end of his life, the former minister turned undertaking entrepreneur, helping run the business of undertakers N. Gray & Co., where he became vice president of the mortuary's South San Francisco and Burlingame operations – a job change that engendered considerable controversy. But Leavitt was accustomed to controversy: in his career as a businessman, he had worked with inventor R.B. Fageol to create one of America's earliest automotive companies, founded in Oakland, California, a venture that later failed.
The progressive Leavitt remained loyal to his alma mater, serving with the Harvard Club of San Francisco. He was also a member of the Commonwealth Club. Edwin Bradford Leavitt (who later dropped his first name) was married to Alice Wentworth (née Smith) in Boston on May 9, 1892. They had one daughter, Helen.
Leavitt's views were best summarized in an address he gave to the graduating class of the College of Physicians and Surgeons of San Francisco on May 19, 1904, at the Alhambra Theater on the cusp of the quake that decimated the city. "People might be divided into three classes," Leavitt told the graduates. "First, those that never think, but follow some routine because of birth, inheritance, associations, environment and convenience. Second, those who think they think, but are, of necessity, very superficial. And the third class which, (I) am sorry to say, is the smallest numerically, the real thinkers."
As a minister, Leavitt had little truck with dogma: he might have been called an ecclesiastical existentialist. "If Christianity is not creed but character", Leavitt told his barber, "not a theory but a life, then it would seem that those who follow the teachings of Christ, with a theory or without one, are entitled to be called Christians."

</doc>
<doc id="20404291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404291" title="HHY">
HHY

HHY is an acronym which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20404292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404292" title="Ta Erotika">
Ta Erotika

Ta Erotika may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20404436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404436" title="1000 Stars">
1000 Stars

1000 Stars is the solo debut album by Australian singer and former Rogue Traders lead singer Natalie Bassingthwaighte. It was released as a digital download on 20 February 2009, followed by a physical release on 21 February 2009. The album debuted at #1 on the ARIA albums charts and certified gold.
Background.
In 2006, Bassingthwaighte signed a record deal with Sony BMG to record a solo album. In mid-2008, she travelled to London, Norway and the US to write and record the album with Chris Braide, Brian Rawling, Mark Taylor & Paul Barry, Jimmy Harry. The album's title was first announced in November 2008.
Bassingthwaighte lists the tracks "1000 Stars" (written & produced by Chris Braide) and "In His Eyes", which is about her grandfather, as her favourite tracks she's written for the album in GQ Magazine (Issue Oct/Nov 2008).
The album track "Catch Me If You Can" is used in a Network Ten advertisement promoting its new international show, "Lie to Me".
1000 Stars was released a day earlier than speculated, on 20 February, in less than 24 hours, the album had reached the number 2 spot on iTunes Australia. To date the album has reached number 1 on the ARIA Top 50 Albums Chart.
Track listing.
The track listing was confirmed on Sony B2B Australia. A track called "Gone" does not make an appearance despite being confirmed prior to the track listing's release.
Charting performance.
In less than 24 hours of the album's release, it had reached the number 2 spot on iTunes Australia. The album debuted at #1 on the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) Album Charts, Physical Album Charts and Australian Album Charts. It sold 15,949 copies in its first two weeks, and has so far been certified Gold by ARIA.
"1000 Stars" (album), made a comeback on the charts due to the release of its third single. It fell from the top 50 after 14 weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="20404444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404444" title="Hamilton v. Regents">
Hamilton v. Regents

Hamilton v. Regents of the University of California, 293 U.S. 245 (1934), is a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court upheld the "right of California to force its university students to take classes in military training" and reiterated that "in military science is not instruction in the practice or tenets of a religion." It was also held that the University of California constituted a corporation created by the state to administer the University, its president, and its provost, and as held is a constitutional department or function of the state government and as such an order by the regents is in effect a statute or law of the state. 
Background.
On March 23, 1868, the Legislature of California passed an act (Stats. 1867-8, ch. 244, p. 248) creating the University "in order to devote to the largest purposes of education the benefaction made to the State" by the Morrill Land-Grant Colleges Act. The act stated:
and in order to fulfil the requirements of the said Act of Congress, all able-bodied male students of the University, whether pursuing full or partial courses in any college, or as students at large, shall receive instruction and discipline in military tactics in such manner and to such extent as the Regents shall prescribe, the requisite arms for which shall be furnished by the State.
On September 15, 1931, the regents promulgated an order requiring students to take the course in military science and tactics in the Reserve Officers Training Corps as proscribed by the War Department. The order proscribed the following:
Every able bodied student of the University of California who, at the time of his matriculation at the University, is under the age of twenty-four years and a citizen of the United States and who has not attained full academic standing as a junior student in the University and has not completed the course in military science and tactics offered to freshmen and sophomore students at the University shall be and is hereby required as a condition to his attendance as a student to enroll in and complete a course in not less than one and one-half units of instruction in military science and tactics each semester of his attendance until such time as he shall have received a total of six units of such instruction or shall have attained full academic standing as a junior student.
In October, 1933, several minors belonging to the Methodist Episcopal Church and of the Epworth League enrolled in the University of California system. The students at the beginning of the fall term in 1933 petitioned the University for exemption from military training and participation in the activities of the training corps, upon the ground of their religious and conscientious objection to war and to military training. The regents refused to make military training optional or to exempt these students.

</doc>
<doc id="20404456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404456" title="Armenian congress at Erzurum">
Armenian congress at Erzurum

The Armenian congress at Erzurum beginning at the end of July ending on August 2, 1914 was a watershed event between the Ottoman government and Ottoman Armenian citizens which members of the party in the rule (Committee of Union and Progress), requested from Ottoman Armenians to facilitate the conquest of Transcaucasia by inciting a rebellion (with the Russian Armenians) against the tsarist army in the event of an Caucasus front opening up. 
Proposals.
The Ottoman plan was to draw the Persians, Kurds, Tatars and Georgians into a holy war against the Allies. In order to carry this project it was necessary to make sure that Armenian (if the Armenians became hostile), their geographical position would not hamper cooperation between these races. If this agreement went forward and the Ottoman Armenians did not support the Russians, they would be offered autonomy. This offer was one step forward from Armenian reform package, which was already established in February 1914. 
The Tsar promised autonomy for Russian Armenia. The Tsar promised autonomy to six Turkish Armenian vilayets as well as the two Russian-Armenian provinces. Earlier a Tsarist minister of foreign affairs reportedly had confided Russia's aim: "We need Armenia, but without the Armenians." Primarily because of trust in France and Great Britain as associates of Russia, the Armenian National Council accepted the Tsar's offer. A representative meeting of Russian Armenians assembled in Tiflis, Caucasus, during August 1914. Tsar asked Armenian's loyalty and support for Russia in the conflict. The proposal was agreed upon and nearly 200,000 Armenians, Armenian volunteer units, served with the Russian colors.
Members.
The conversation between groups at Erzurum was established with the Armenian liaisons Simon Vratsian, Arshak Vramian, Rostom (Stepan Zorian), and E. Aknouni (Khatchatour Maloumian).
Ottoman liaisons Dr. Behaeddin Shakir, Omer Naji (Omer Naci), and Hilmi Bey, accompanied by an international entourage of peoples from the Caucasus.
Conclusion.
The Armenians were quite willing to remain loyal to their government, but declared their inability to agree to the other proposal, that of inciting their compatriots under Russian rule to insurrection. 
The rejection by the Ottoman Armenians of that one condition led to serious consequences for themselves. Learning of a possible conflict with Russian Armenians, the Ottoman government in September 1914 decided that the aliens (Russian Armenians) and Turkish Armenians would be a liability in a war against Russia. Incidentally proved of inestimable benefit to the Allies. For if the whole Armenian nation had gone against Russia, that country might have encountered defeat instead of victories early in the war. The Central Powers could have transferred large armies from the Eastern to the Western Front already in 1915 instead of 1917 with the result of such agreement.
It is claimed that the proposal was developed by the Intelligence Bureau for the East. The Intelligence Bureau for the East was established on the eve of World War I dedicated to promoting and sustaining subversive and nationalist agitations in the British Indian Empire and the Persian and Egyptian satellite states. It was involved in early plans for war and the Ottoman Caliph's decision to declare "Jihad". 
The Ottoman Empire dismantled the Armenian reform package on December 16, 1914, just after the first engagement of the Caucasus Campaign the Bergmann Offensive on November 2, 1914. On the other side, the Tsar visited the "Caucasus front" on December 30, 1914, telling the head of the Armenian Church that ""a most brilliant future awaits the Armenians"".

</doc>
<doc id="20404489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404489" title="Arthur C. Pierce">
Arthur C. Pierce

Arthur C. Pierce (8 September 1923 – 17 November 1987) was an American screenwriter and director specialising in low budget science fiction films.
Biography.
Pierce, a native of Dallas, enlisted in the US Navy during the Second World War serving as a combat photographer in the Pacific under Edward Steichen. Following the war Pierce unsuccessfully attempted to produce a film about US Navy Submarines entitled "The Silent Service" to star Robert Montgomery. 
He studied drama and worked as an actor and stage manager in various stage productions. Beginning in 1948 Pierce worked for Raphael G. Wolff Studios, an industrial film production company, for three years. Pierce acted as a cameraman contributing to over 100 industrial films made throughout North America. In 1952 he joined the Howard Anderson Company that produced special effects for various motion pictures where he acquired a strong knowledge of optical effects. 
Pierce entered the world of screenwriting through his friend Mark Hanna, a screenwriter and actor. His first work was 1959's "The Cosmic Man" starring John Carradine that had many of the same ideas as "The Day the Earth Stood Still". Pierce then wrote the screenplay for "Beyond the Time Barrier" for Robert Clarke and Edgar G. Ulmer. This was a low-budget film designed to exploit "The Time Machine (1960 film)", Pierce also appeared as one of the mutants. 
Renowned and typecast for low budget science fiction, Pierce worked his way up to producing and directing "The Human Duplicators" and "Mutiny in Outer Space" both without credit. Pierce's first directoral credit was "Women of the Prehistoric Planet" (1965) and the non science fiction "The Las Vegas Hillbillys" in (1966). Pierce also wrote several spy-fi films "The Human Duplicators" (1965), "Dimension 5" and "The Destructors" both in 1966.
In the 1970s Pierce wrote for the American television series "Fantasy Island" and "The Next Step Beyond".
External links.
Arthur C. Pierce at IMDB http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0682287/

</doc>
<doc id="20404521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404521" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1931">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1931

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1931 Australian federal election. The election was held on 19 December 1931.
In 1931, the Nationalist Party had become the United Australia Party, absorbing several Labor defectors. In New South Wales, the Labor Party split, with the Lang Labor group voting against the Labor Government. Seats held by Labor defectors are here considered to be held by the Labor Party.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text. Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting Senators are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Three seats were up for election. The United Australia Party was defending three seats. Labor Senator John Dooley and NSW Labor Senators James Dunn and Arthur Rae were not up for re-election.
Queensland.
Three seats were up for election. The United Australia Party-Country Party Coalition was defending three seats. United Australia Party Senators Thomas Crawford, Harry Foll and Matthew Reid were not up for re-election.
South Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The United Australia Party-Country Party Coalition was defending three seats. Labor Senators John Daly, Bert Hoare and Mick O'Halloran were not up for re-election.
Tasmania.
Three seats were up for election. The United Australia Party was defending three seats. United Australia Party Senators John Hayes, Herbert Hays and James Ogden were not up for re-election.
Victoria.
Three seats were up for election. The United Australia Party was defending three seats. Labor Senator John Barnes, United Australia Party Senator Harry Lawson and Country Party Senator Robert Elliott were not up for re-election.
Western Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The United Australia Party-Country Party Coalition was defending three seats. United Australia Party Senators Sir Hal Colebatch and Walter Kingsmill and Country Party Senator Bertie Johnston were not up for re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="20404547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404547" title="Dueling pianos">
Dueling pianos

Dueling pianos (also known simply as "sing-along") is a form of entertainment, usually on stage with two grand pianos, each played by a professional player who sings and entertains; humor and audience participation are prevalent. Usually these types of piano bars have substantial sound systems, and most of the songs performed are rock and roll, "classic rock", Top 40, R&B, or country, played primarily by request. The modern format originated in late 1986 at Alley Cats in Dallas, TX, and was based on the old-style dueling pianos still found at Pat O'Brien's Bar in New Orleans.
__TOC__
History.
Literal dueling pianos can be verified as early as the late 1890s, when ragtime piano players would actually "duel" in an effort to see who could play better and faster. In 1933, when B.H. O'Brien and Charlie Cantrell opened Pat O'Brien's Bar in New Orleans, they included a room where 2 piano players would entertain the crowd on copper-topped baby grand pianos. Players would take turns singing songs requested by the audience, written on cocktail napkins.
In 1986, a piano bar called Dallas Alley (aka "Alley Cats") opened in Dallas as an attempt to copy the piano bar style of New Orleans. Players at this club started redefining the style of dueling pianos by playing more contemporary rock and roll music, coupled with humorous bits that involved lyric substitutions and audience participation. These "bits" would become commonplace at many dueling piano clubs over the years, as a staple of the industry. From there, many dueling piano clubs and chains opened, and there are currently well over 200 different clubs across the United States, and even more in other countries. The name of the concept has also evolved to be called "sing-along" since the goal of the players is not generally to work against each other, but rather to gain audience participation with singing and clapping. This is widely accepted as the current incarnation of dueling pianos/sing-along.
The Show.
A typical dueling pianos show normally features 2 - 4 piano players. They work in teams throughout the night, taking audience requested songs. Generally, tips are expected when a song request is made, and priority may be given to a song with a larger denomination bill. Upon a tip, the players will often play the fight song of whatever college is requested too, which often results in bidding wars between alumni and students of various universities in attendance. Patrons can also request that an audience member be brought on stage. Generally, this is to celebrate a birthday, bachelorette party, bachelor party, anniversary, or other occasion. The player then performs a "calldown" in which the participant (or participants) is embarrassed in a light-hearted fashion. Calldowns may be parodies of well known songs, or simply original material intended to generate a reaction from the audience. 
"Bits" are comedic routines or audience participation, many woven in the songs themselves. A commonly used bit can be found in the song "Joy to the World", by Three Dog Night, as one piano player will teach the crowd "sign language" that accompanies the song, then bringing up an audience member to demonstrate. 
Video Example of Dueling Pianos, "The Devil Went Down to Georgia"
Songs.
Commonly requested songs at a dueling piano bar can include almost any genre, and are generally accompanied by a monetary tip.
Examples:
Many of the songs requested do not fall into the typical "piano bar" category, and many dueling piano players pride themselves on their ability to perform songs that are generally not considered as such, like those from hard rock and rap genres.
About Dueling Piano Players.
Dueling piano players come from varied backgrounds, including previous solo piano bar players and keyboardists from various bands. Currently, there are between 300 - 400 dedicated dueling piano players in the US. As the number of dueling piano clubs increases, the demand remains steady for these entertainers.
See also.
Piano bar

</doc>
<doc id="20404554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404554" title="Ethiopian Review">
Ethiopian Review

Ethiopian Review is an Ethiopian news and opinion journal. It was first launched in August 1944 and discontinued in November 1945.
The first editor of the "Ethiopian Review" was William M. Steen. In 1945, David A. Talbot took over as editor.
It was relaunched in 1991 by Hailu Indashaw, publisher, and Elias Kifle, Editor. In 1995, Elias Kifle became publisher, and Elias Wondimu—currently owner of Tsehai Publishers—became the editor. In 2000, Elias Kifle became publisher and editor-in-chief. He also discontinued the print version and turned it into an online journal.
Currently, the "Ethiopian Review" is the largest and the most visited Ethiopian news web site with daily unique readership of 15,000 - 20,000. Before the Ethiopian government banned the web site from being accessed in the country, it had over 40,000 daily unique visitors and over 10 million monthly hits.
The "Review"'s current publisher and editor, Elias Kifle, has been convicted of treason by the government in Ethiopia and faces life in prison. He is currently in the U.S. as a political refugee.
The U.S. Department of State 2008 Human Rights Report
states that Ethiopian Review is one of the critical web sites that are banned by the Ethiopian government.

</doc>
<doc id="20404558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404558" title="Pierre-Victor-Adolphe Auvard">
Pierre-Victor-Adolphe Auvard

Pierre-Victor-Adolphe Auvard (name sometimes given as Pierre-Victor Alfred Auvard in medical literature); (8 August 1855 – 1941) was a French obstetrician and gynecologist born in the department of Corrèze.
He studied medicine in Paris, and in 1879 became "interne des hôpitaux". In 1882 he furthered his studies in Germany (Leipzig, Dresden, Berlin), and in 1884 received his doctorate with a thesis titled "De la pince à os et du cranioclaste". Later he maintained a private OB/GYN clinic in Paris.
During the 1880s, he introduced the "Auvard couveuse", an inexpensive incubator that became widely popular in the latter part of the 19th century. Other eponyms in the field of obstetrics that bear his name are: "Auvard maneuver" - a procedure for extraction of the placenta; "Auvard's vaginal speculum", and "Auvard's basiotribe" - an instrument that is a combination of a craniotomy forceps and a cranioclast.

</doc>
<doc id="20404609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404609" title="Ankushapur, Warangal">
Ankushapur, Warangal

Ankushapuram is a village panchayat in Chityal mandal in Warangal district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. Located 72 km away from Warangal city, The population of this village is approximately 1000. This village panchayat is a combination of two villages named as Ankushapuram and Somanpalli. Ankushapuram village does not have a bus route or train route. People get busses from Tekumatla which is 1 km away. from Ankushapur. From Tekumatla people has bus facility to Parkal,Warangal and Jammikunta.in this village there is no post office,no roads,no mobile tower and There is also no water plant. This village has two temples one is Hanuman temple located in center of the village and another one is Baddi Pochamma temple located on the outskirts of the village. and there is a government primary school in this village. Earlier Literacy percentage of this village was very low, but now the literacy percentage is very good. Almost there is a graduate in every family. Many people are doing engineering (B.E / B.Tech), Post Graduation(MCA/MBA/M.Com/MSC), Graduation(BA/B.Sc/B.Com) etc. Software Engineers, Professors and teachers like many professionals are in this village. Many educated people are there, but no one can take the responsibility to develop the village.
This village is largely depends on agricultural. 90% of the population depends on agriculture and related activities.
Here people prefer to crop cotton, red chili, holdy and paddi (rice) agriculture. Cotton is the major crop in this village. Many thousands of quintals cotton production is produced every year. But many of the farmers depends on the monsoon for irrigation and drinking. At present sarpanch is Nandikonda Ram Reddy..
Ankushapur is a Village in Chityal Mandal in Warangal District of Andhra Pradesh State, India. It belongs to Telangana region. It is located 51 KM towards North from District head quarters Warangal. 7 KM from Chityal. 191 KM from State capital Hyderabad
Ankushapur Pin code is 506356 and postal head office is Chityal .
Ramakistapur (v) ( 1 km ), Raghavareddipet ( 3 km ), Pangidipalle ( 4 km ), Akinepalle ( 5 km ), Peddakomatipalle ( 6 km ) are the nearby villages to Ankushapur. Ankushapur is surrounded by Mogullapalle Mandal towards south, Mutharam (Manthani) Mandal towards north, Srirampur Mandal towards north, Jammikunta Mandal towards the west. Warangal, Ramagundam, Karimnagar, Mancherial are the nearby cities to Ankushapur.
Telugu is the local language here. Total population of Ankushapur is 1089. Males are 559 and females are 530 living in 267 houses. The total area of Ankushapur is 372 hectares.
Warangal is the Nearest Town to Ankushapur. Warangal is 72 km from Ankushapur. Road connectivity is there from Warangal to Ankushapur.
By Rail
There is no railway station near to Ankushapur in less than 10 km. How ever there are railway Stations from Near By town Warangal. are the railway Stations near to Warangal. You can reach from Warangal to Ankushapur by road after .
Parkala APSRTC Bus Station, Bhupalpally APSRTC Bus Station, Centenary Colony/Godavarikhani APSRTC Bus Station are the nearby by bus stations to Ankushapur. APSRTC runs Number of busses from major cities to here.
Geography.
Location in Google Maps
Approximate co-ordinates: 18° 25' 39.94", 79° 36' 21.14"
SubCastes.
The other SubCastes or Geographical Names of Munnuru Kapuare
"Please Refer to Kapu for more details about the Community".
Origins.
The name Munnuru seems to be of a recent origin, which means three hundred. The Telaga or Naidu Community and were the Imperial guard of the Tanjore Nayaks who dispatched a battalion of his best Infantry and Cavalry for the personal security on the request of the Nawab of Hyderabad The Tanjore Nayak dispatched three hundred Telaga men and their families. The descendants of these "Three hundred" families are now called Munnuru Kapu.
The Munnuru Kapu Community have always been associated with one Kingdom or the other in the form of Interior Palace Guards like Tanjavur Nayaks, Devarakonda, Nizam etc.
At present Day Munnuru Kapu People are more than 1 Crore people in Andhra Pradesh, Maharastra States
References & Sources.
Important information about Kapu origins can be obtained from Balijapuranam in the Chennai library.

</doc>
<doc id="20404696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404696" title="Darwin Centennial Celebration (1959)">
Darwin Centennial Celebration (1959)

The Darwin Centennial Celebration of 1959 was a worldwide celebration of the life and work of British naturalist Charles Darwin that marked the 150th anniversary of his birth (February 12, 1809), the 100th anniversary of the publication of "On the Origin of Species" (November 24, 1859), and the 125th anniversary of the second voyage of HMS "Beagle". The major center of festivities and commemoration was the University of Chicago, which hosted a five-day event (November 24 to November 28), organized by anthropologist Sol Tax, that attracted over 2,500 registered participants from across the world. According to historian V. Betty Smocovitis, the Chicago celebration "outshone-and arguably may still outshine-all other scientific celebrations in the recent history of science."
The celebration took place in the wake of the evolutionary synthesis of the 1930s and 1940s and the emergence, by the mid-1950s, of an organized scientific discipline of evolutionary biology, and was an opportunity for biologists of many stripes to lay claim to the legacy of Darwin. It was also a chance for American biologists, and the American Society for the Study of Evolution, to out-compete parallel British events, and for the University of Chicago to assert its emerging position as an important scientific institution.
Planning.
Planning for the Darwin centennial began in the mid-1950s. In 1955 the Darwin Anniversary Committee, Inc., which included a number of Darwin's descendants as honorary officers, formed to coordinate anniversary events worldwide. Various other organizations, including the Society for the Study of Evolution (SSE), the American Scientific Affiliation, various biological journals and scientific societies and institutions in many countries, also began planning independent activities and commemorative publications. After the evolutionary synthesis, whose founders sought to make genetics-based evolution by natural selection the central uniting principle of all biology, almost all of the most prominent evolutionists in the world—with the notable exception of Julian Huxley, the public face of evolution in England—were Americans. Early in the planning there was considerable tension between the American-based SSE and the heavily British Darwin Anniversary Committee (which included Huxley).
Through the organizational and promotional efforts of Sol Tax, most of the major figures in evolutionary biology ultimately settled on the University of Chicago as the main site for celebration activities. Tax brought together a wide array of interests to support the Chicago events and preempt any major British plans. Although his early efforts to secure the participation of important evolutionists had limited success, plans began coalescing after Tax arranged for Julian Huxley to serve as a visiting professor at the University of Chicago for the fall 1959 semester. He enlisted prominent British naturalists to participate, including Huxley as the honorary chairman of the Darwin Anniversary Committee, Inc. and Darwin's grandson Sir Charles Darwin as a headline speaker, and even attempted to attract Winston Churchill and Elizabeth II to the events. Huxley had planned London-centered events that would have conflicted with others in the United States, but held his London events in 1958 instead. Tax got the support of Chicago's mayor Richard J. Daley, during a time when the city was also trying to attract other high-profile events such as a World Fair and the Pan-American Games, and coordinated with other city institutions such as the Chicago Zoological Park and the Chicago Natural History Museum to generate as much support and enthusiasm from the city as possible.
Reuniting anthropology (including the study of human culture) with evolution and the rest of biology was one of Tax's main motivations for his organizing efforts. Into the 1950s, anthropology was notable absent from the new discipline of evolutionary biology, with few anthropology articles in the young journal "Evolution" and few anthropologists in the Society for the Study of Evolution, to the dismay of the leading evolutionists. However, since the late 1940s the University of Chicago had been pioneering evolutionary approaches to anthropology, and Tax made prominent anthropologists an integral part of the centennial celebration program.
Chicago events.
The program for the Darwin Centennial Celebration centered on a series of panel discussions that featured well-known scholars from a wide range of fields, from astronomers and biochemists to geneticists and systematists to psychologists and physiologists to anthropologists. There were five panels, arranged to go from the origin of life to the evolution of life to man's physical, mental and then sociocultural evolution. The center panels that focused on biological evolution included a number of the "architects" of the evolutionary synthesis and other important figures in the young discipline of evolutionary biology. The evolutionary biologists had attempted to make biological evolution more prominent in the program, feeling that the origin of life research of biochemists and astronomers was too speculative while social science evolutionary research was in its infancy (with much of the anthropology community still opposed to evolutionism). As it was they tried to set the tone for the other panels, presenting the core of evolution as natural selection acting on random genetic variation; most of the prominent critics of that view of biological evolution were not invited (with the exception of C. H. Waddington, who criticized the synthesis for failing to account for embryology). Despite the eminence of the panelists and the hopes of Sol Tax, the panels mostly—with the exception of the origin of life panel—presented ideas already published and broke little new ground, in part because they were intended for a popular audience; according to historian V. Betty Smocovitis "the discussions and even some of the contributed papers were surprisingly flat".
In addition to the panels, there was an extensive book exhibit with a wide range of evolutionary literature, as well as an exhibit in the University of Chicago Library on Darwin's published works. Two evolution-related films were screened: "The Ladder of Life" and "Evolutionary Aspects of Social Communication in Animals". Tax also scheduled a dramatic performance. The initial plan was to stage a production of the hit 1955 play about the Scopes Trial, "Inherit the Wind" (to be directed by Studs Terkel); Tax's next idea was to produce an "Oklahoma!"-style musical with the theme of progress. Ultimately, Tax and the Darwin Anniversary Committee commissioned business administration professor Robert Ashenhurt and investment broker Robert Pollack to produce a musical reenactment of Darwin's life. The result, "Time Will Tell", was performed every night of the Darwin Centennial Celebration to great success.
The high point of the celebration was the Convocation ceremony that took place on Thanksgiving Day, which brought elements of sacred ritual to an otherwise mostly secular celebration. After a procession to Rockefeller Memorial Chapel, Bach organ music and a prayer, Julian Huxley—a proponent of religious humanism—delivered a lecture entitled "The Evolutionary Vision". In it, he described religion as an "organ of evolving man" that was no longer necessary in traditional forms; the audience, by and large, reacted strongly and negatively to this "secular sermon". Following Huxley's lecture, awards were presented to Sir Charles Darwin, Theodosius Dobzhansky, Alfred Kroeber, Hermann Joseph Muller, George Gaylord Simpson, Sewall Wright, and Julian Huxley.
Media coverage and documentation.
In order to get the most out of the Darwin Centennial Celebration beyond the actual event, the planning committee worked with "Encyclopædia Britannica" to produce a documentary. The resulting 28.5 minute film was completed by 1960, when John T. Scopes was brought in to speak at its premier.
The celebration was also covered widely in newspapers and radio by a 27-member press corps. Huxley's address on religion and evolutionary humanism generated a particularly large amount of coverage (mostly negative). Chicago CBS affiliate WBBM-TV aired a discussion, hosted by Irving Kupcinet, that featured Sir Charles Darwin, Sir Julian Huxley, Harlow Shapley, Adlai Stevenson, and Sol Tax. The radio program "All Things Considered" (among others) devoted several episodes to the event's panel discussions. The papers contributed to the event and transcripts of all the panels were published early in 1960 as "Evolution after Darwin", which received favorable reviews.
The public response to most aspects of the celebration (with the exception of Huxley's controversial speech) was very positive. However, the event also reinvigorated American creationism: Henry M. Morris, a coauthor of the influential 1961 young earth creationism book "The Genesis Flood", would later credit the Darwin Centennial Celebration for making clear the threat posed by evolutionary science.
The organizers tried but failed to enlist significant participation by historians of science, who (according to one organizer) seemed "baffled by the task of getting ten authors to write something new in this field." Many historians of evolution were also participating in a competing historical event at Johns Hopkins University. Ironically, the historical interest generated by the centennial may have contributed to the subsequent development of the so-called Darwin Industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20404716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404716" title="List of Chilean submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film">
List of Chilean submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film

Chile has submitted films for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film since 1990. The award is handed out annually by the United States Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to a feature-length motion picture produced outside the United States that contains primarily non-English dialogue.
Chile has submitted eighteen films for Oscar consideration, with their first film being nominated for an Academy Award in 2013.
Submissions.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has invited the film industries of various countries to submit their best film for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film since 1956. The Foreign Language Film Award Committee oversees the process and reviews all the submitted films. Following this, they vote via secret ballot to determine the five nominees for the award. Below is a list of the films that have been submitted by Chile for review by the Academy for the award by year and the respective Academy Awards ceremony.
The Chilean submission is selected annually by the Consejo del Arte y la Industria Audiovisual, which chooses a nominee for the Spanish Goya Awards at the same time. The Goya nominee is usually the same film as the Oscar nominee (1991, 1993, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2009) but not always (1990, 2005, 2008, 2012).
All films were made in Spanish
The 2009 race was particularly controversial in Chile when "La Nana", one of the most awarded films in Chile's cinematic history, was passed over in favor of a historical drama "Dawson, Isla 10" by two-time Oscar nominee Miguel Littin. The Chilean Cultural Council released a statement in November 2009, defending the decision.

</doc>
<doc id="20404720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404720" title="1912 in Paraguayan football">
1912 in Paraguayan football

The following article presents a summary of the 1912 association football season in Paraguay.
First Division.
The Paraguayan first division championship was played for the "Copa El Diario", a trophy issued by the newspaper of the same name. Four teams participated in the tournament which was played in a two round all-play-all system, being the team with the most points at the end of the two rounds the champion. Club Olimpia won its first championship in history. Guaraní and Mbiguá were given permission to not participate in the tournament without being relegated.
Second Division.
The Paraguayan second division tournament was not played in 1912. However, a new team was admitted to the first division the following year: the newly found club Cerro Porteño. They got promoted to the first division by winning a four-team promotion tournament in early 1913, played between Cerro Porteño, Club 10 de Agosto, El Porvenir and River Plate Asunción.
Liga Centenario.
This dissident league accepted two new teams in 1912: Libertad and Atlántida SC. The winner at the end of the season was River Plate Asunción, who defeated the reigning champions Bahía Blanca in the final. 

</doc>
<doc id="20404819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404819" title="Baltimore Nighthawks">
Baltimore Nighthawks

The Baltimore Nighthawks are a football team in the Independent Women's Football League. The Nighthawks played their inaugural game in Brooklandville at Martin D. Tullai Field (adjacent to St. Paul's School). The Nighthawks played the remainder of their home season at Baltimore Lutheran School.
The Baltimore Nighthawks have made Art Modell Stadium at Mergenthaler Vocational Technical High School their home field since the 2009 season. For the 2013 season, the team will play their home games at Hughes Stadium.
The Baltimore Nighthawks support several charitable organizations focused on breast cancer research, healthcare for the homeless, child abuse and hunger. On March 21, 2009, the Nighthawks made women's football history when they hosted the Pink Ribbon Bowl. The goal was to raise awareness about breast cancer and introduce professional women's tackle football to a broader audience. A portion of the proceeds benefited the Susan G. Komen for the Cure foundation for breast cancer research.
Season-by-season.
!Totals || 20 || 29 ||1|| ||-- 

</doc>
<doc id="20404865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404865" title="Carbon-based fuel">
Carbon-based fuel

Carbon-based fuel is any fuel whose energy derives principally from the oxidation or burning of carbon. Carbon-based fuels are of two main kinds, biofuels and fossil fuels. Whereas biofuels are derived from recent-growth organic matter and are typically harvested, as with logging of forests and cutting of corn, fossil fuels are of prehistoric origin and are extracted from the ground, the principal fossil fuels being oil, coal, and natural gas.
From an economic policy perspective, an important distinction between biofuels and fossil fuels is that only the former is sustainable or renewable. Whereas we can continue to obtain energy from biofuels indefinitely in principle, the Earth's reserves of fossil fuels was determined millions of years ago and is therefore fixed as far as our foreseeable future is concerned. The great variability in the ease of extraction of fossil fuels however makes its endgame scenario one of increasing prices over one or more centuries rather than of abrupt exhaustion.
From the perspective of climate and ecology, biofuels and fossil fuels have in common that they contribute to the production of atmospheric carbon dioxide, which has emerged in recent decades as the fastest-changing greenhouse gas, whose principal impacts are global warming and ocean acidification. However biofuels actively participate in the carbon cycle today by photosynthesizing carbon dioxide, unlike fossil fuels whose participation was long ago, and can therefore in principle bring atmospheric CO2 into an equilibrium not possible with the continued use of fossil fuel. But in practice photosynthesis is a slow process, and the additional fuel produced by artificial methods of accelerating it such as application of fertilizer tends to be offset by the energy consumed by the accelerating processes, to a degree currently under active debate. In contrast the speed of photosynthesis is immaterial for fossil fuels because they had millions of years in which to accumulate. Burning of both fossil fuels and biofuels usually also produces carbon monoxide, which is toxic. Biofuels and fossil fuels may also produce many other air pollutants depending on the contents of the fuel.

</doc>
<doc id="20404911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404911" title="Western Air Command (India)">
Western Air Command (India)

The Western Air Command (WAC) is the regional command of Indian Air Force headquartered in New Delhi. It is the largest and most important Air Command of the IAF, comprising sixteen Air Force Bases (AFBs), and is responsible for aerial defence of North India. The current Commander is Air Marshal S.S Soman AVSM VM, AOC-in-C, WAC.
WAC's Area of Responsibility extends from Kashmir to Rajasthan, covering the states of Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Punjab, Haryana, New Delhi and some parts of Uttar Pradesh.
History.
WAC was raised in 1947 as the No. 1 Operational Group which controlled all the flying units of Indian Air Force, including the flying training units. On July 22, 1949, the No. 1 Operational Group was re-designated as the Operational Command. In 1958, The rank of the Commanding Officer of Operational Command was upgraded from Air Commodore to Air Vice Marshal and later, to the rank of Air Marshal.
In the aftermath of the India-China War of 1962, the IAF began the process of demarcation of specific areas of responsibility, and splitting up of the flying Corps into various operational air commands. On June 10, 1963, Operational Command assumed its present name of Headquarters Western Air Command.
Due to its geographical location in the crucial North Indian region, surrounded by Pakistan to the west and China to the East, WAC has been involved in all major operations in India since independence, and has been the hub-centre of all operational activities during any operation.
The IAF Western Air Command is engaged in air logistics operations to supply troops deployed at Siachen Glacier. These operations are undertaken from the Siachen Forward Air Base, using Mi-17, HAL Dhruv and HAL Cheetah helicopters.
The Western Air Command has been the major operational command involved in most of the war fought by India, including the Indo-Pakistani War of 1947, Sino-Indian War in 1962, the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965, Indo-Pakistan War of 1971, Operation Pawan (1986) in Sri Lanka and Operation Safed Sagar during the 1999 Kargil War.
Organization.
Western Air Command is headquartered at Subroto Park, New Delhi. It is headed by an Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief, WAC, of the rank of Air Marshal. The current AOC-in-C WAC is Air Marshal S.S Soman AVSM VM. Under the C-in-C come the Senior Air Staff Officer, Senior Maintenance Staff Officer and Senior Officer in Charge of Administration, who are of the ranks of Air Vice Marshal or Air Commodore. They handle the day to day activities of the Command and act as the liaison between the various Wings.
WAC also has a forward headquarters located at Chandigarh near the Army's Western Command. There is an Air Operations Group, formed in 1982, located at Udhampur, Jammu and Kashmir, which is principally tasked with the defence of Jammu & Kashmir and Ladakh.
No. 224 Squadron, Indian Air Force was raised in July 1983 at Adampur and operated with WAC until its disbandment in 2007.
Squadrons include:
No. 1 Wing IAF was formed at Jammu Air Force Station on 10 March 1948 and moved to Sringar on 25 January 1963.
Air Bases.
WAC has been assigned 10 permanent Air Force Stations (AFS)and 6 Forward Base Support Units (FBSUs), including the strategic Forward Air Base at Siachen. Along with these, WAC also has over 200 operational bases, Advance Landing Grounds (ALGs), and Operational centres placed under its command.
The Air Force Stations/Wings under WAC control are:

</doc>
<doc id="20404985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404985" title="Tony Manero (film)">
Tony Manero (film)

Tony Manero is a 2008 Chilean film directed by Pablo Larraín about a 52 year old man in Santiago in 1978 who is obsessed with John Travolta's character in "Saturday Night Fever". It won the top prize at the 2008 Torino Film Festival and was Chile's submission to the 81st Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. It also won the Istanbul International Film Festival's top prize, the Golden Tulip, in 2009.
Reception.
The film currently holds an 85% score from the film critics' site Rotten Tomatoes, with the average rating calculated as 6.6/10. It summarised the critical consensus as: "Deliberately provocative, Tony Manero is as challenging and compelling as it is difficult to describe.".
DVD releases.
The film has been released on DVD in several countries. Region 2 DVDs were released in 2009 by Network DVD in the U.K. and Ripley's Home Video in Italy, and an unrated region 1 DVD was released in 2010 by Kino International.

</doc>
<doc id="20404986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20404986" title="Flagg v. Walker">
Flagg v. Walker

Flagg v. Walker, , regards a case where the deeds for several parcels of land were transferred from Flagg, who was in financial difficulty, to Walker in return for paying off Flagg's debts and profits from the sale against a mortgage for other property owned by Flagg.
Flagg's financial situation.
William F. Flagg, one of the appellants, was the owner, in February 1875, of real estate in and near the City of Bloomington, Illinois, which may be generally described as follows:
At the time, Flagg was in financial difficulty in his business and owed over $50,000. The larger part of this indebtedness bore interest at the rate of ten percent per annum. Much of the real estate was covered by mortgages; his tenement houses were out of repair; he was largely in arrears for taxes and for interest on his indebtedness, and was in broken health. In this condition of his affairs, he sent for the appellee, Samuel Walker, who resided in Massachusetts, and who was the brother of his first wife, and made a statement to him of his financial condition.
Walker funding.
Walker, upon the transfer of the property, paid off all or nearly all of the unsecured debts of Flagg, and furnished Mrs. Flagg with money to pay the taxes which were due and interest due and unpaid on the residue of Flagg's debts, and supplied Flagg with money to take a trip for the improvement of his health. The money so advanced amounted on August 27, 1875, to over $11,000.
After these events, on September 25, 1878, the original bill in this case was filed by Mrs. Flagg against Walker, Sibley, Weed, the trustee, and her husband, William F. Flagg. It alleged that since the conveyances made by her husband to Walker in February 1875, the former had by mesne conveyances transferred and conveyed to her "all his interest, right, and title in and to said real estate above mentioned," referring to the real estate conveyed by Flagg to Walker, "and all personal property appertaining thereto, or that went into the hands of Samuel Walker." The bill set out the transfer to Walker by Flagg and his wife of the real and personal estate of Flagg, and in reference thereto made the following averments:
"That the said deeds were intended by said William F. Flagg and oratrix to secure the said Samuel Walker for his advances to be made by him, as above set forth, and as a further security for a reasonable compensation to be paid to him for the rendition of such services, and that he might out of the sale of a portion of said property be reimbursed for such advances and compensation. It was also agreed . . . that when the purpose for which such conveyance had been made was fully completed, the said Samuel Walker was to reconvey to William F. Flagg, or to oratrix, as they might elect at least one-half of the property remaining unsold and undisposed of, and should keep for himself and for his compensation a portion of said lands, not exceeding one-half of the residue, after payment of all debts."
Dispute.
The bill also averred "that shortly after receiving the said deeds of conveyance Samuel Walker executed a statement in writing in which he set forth and stated to your oratrix the use and purpose, both set forth, upon which the said Samuel Walker had received the said property in trust."
The bill charged "that said deeds of conveyance made to Samuel Walker, while, in fact warranty deeds," were "in equity no more or less than mortgages, made to secure said Samuel Walker for his advances to be made by him, and said advances were to be sufficient in amount to pay all indebtedness of said William F. Flagg to other persons than said Samuel Walker, and that said Samuel Walker was to reimburse himself out of the sales to be made by him. "
The bill alleged that Walker neglected and refused to furnish money to pay the interest on the debt to Sibley, secured by the trust deed to Weed on "the pasture," which was well worth $80,000, and that had it not been for the conveyance thereof by Flagg to Walker, Flagg would have been able to raise money to pay the interest on the debt as it accrued, or could have made a new loan and paid off Sibley's claim in full, but by reason of the conveyance to Walker, he was unable to do so, and that Walker knowingly and willfully permitted Sibley, by Weed, his trustee, to sell the premises at a forced sale for about $10,000, when its real value at the time of the sale, was $80,000.
Walker filed his answer alleging that he came to Illinois at the request of Flagg and his wife, and upon examination of Flagg's affairs found that he was deeply in debt; that his real estate was heavily encumbered, and that he owed a large floating debt and was out of founds, and that all of his property was likely to be taken from him if it should be forced to sale, but that, after a full investigation, he became satisfied that Flagg's property, with good management, was worth more than his indebtedness, and that he proposed that Flagg should convey all his property to him, and let him manage his business for him; that Walker agreed that he would take the property without any future right of control, management, or ownership remaining in Flagg, and would pay off the debts of Flagg specified in a list furnished to him by Flagg.
This list did not include the debt due to Sibley, and he refused to assume that debt and would not agree to pay it, but promised that he would use the rents and profits of the land toward keeping down the interest on the Sibley debt and the taxes, and if he could sell the property so as to pay the debt, he would do so, or he would convey the same to any parties to whom Flagg might sell.
At the time of this case, Walker agreed to pay off all the ascertained indebtedness of Flagg, except the Sibley debt, and as to that he was only to pay so much of it as could be made out of a sale of the lands mortgaged to secure it. Walker did in fact pay off all the other indebtedness of Flagg. The complaint made against him is that he did not furnish money to pay the Sibley debt, or sufficient to keep down the interest, but made default in the payment of interest, and thus allowed the property to be sacrificed at a forced sale.
In view of the declaration of trust made by Walker on April 12, 1875, it is clear that the transaction between Flagg and Walker was not a mortgage
Court ruling.
The High Court found no error in the proceedings and decree of the circuit court. But as the time limited by the decree, to-wit, April 1, 1881, for the payment to Walker by W. F. Flagg, or some one of the defendants to the cross-bill, of the said sum of $25,207.18, with interest, has passed, we think the time for such payment should be extended. The appellants, while they were litigating their rights with Walker in this Court, having given an appeal bond, which superseded the decree of the circuit court, were not required to make the payment.
The court directed that the decree of the circuit court be so modified as to extend the time for the payment of the sum coming to Walker for the period of six months from the filing of the mandate of this Court in the circuit court, and, as so modified, the decree of the circuit was affirmed.

</doc>
<doc id="20405001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405001" title="Controlled invariant subspace">
Controlled invariant subspace

In control theory, a controlled invariant subspace of the state space representation of some system is a subspace such that, if the state of the system is initially in the subspace, it is possible to control the system so that the state is in the subspace at all times. This concept was introduced by Giuseppe Basile and Giovanni Marro .
Definition.
Consider a linear system described by the differential equation
Here, x("t") ∈ R"n" denotes the state of the system and u("t") ∈ R"p" is the input. The matrices "A" and "B" have size "n" × "n" and "n" × "p" respectively.
A subspace "V" ⊂ R"n" is a "controlled invariant subspace" if for any x(0) ∈ "V", there is an input u("t") such that x("t") ∈ "V" for all nonnegative "t".
Properties.
A subspace "V" ⊂ R"n" is a controlled invariant subspace if and only if "AV" ⊂ "V" + Im "B". If "V" is a controlled invariant subspace, then there exists a matrix "K" such that the input u("t") = "K"x("t") keeps the state within "V"; this is a simple feedback control .

</doc>
<doc id="20405017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405017" title="List of Nijū Mensō no Musume characters">
List of Nijū Mensō no Musume characters

This is a list of fictional characters from Nijū Mensō no Musume ("The Daughter of Twenty Faces"), a novel series by Shinji Ohara that has been adapted into an anime series.

</doc>
<doc id="20405030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405030" title="St. Andrew's cross (philately)">
St. Andrew's cross (philately)

In philately, a St. Andrew's cross is a saltire (an heraldic ordinary) or crossed x design that occurs on some philatelic items; on a few sheets of stamps, censor labels and a few British Forces air letter sheets issued during World War II.
Stamps.
The first St. Andrew's crosses are found on the first Austrian stamp issue from June 1, 1850 printed by the Vienna State Printing Works. They are colored crosses found in place of the last four stamp positions on each sheet as sold to the public. Leaving the last four labels free created a problem; the blank labels could be used by forgers to produce counterfeit stamps. For that reason, it was decided to make them unusable by printing the St. Andrew's cross design. 
The crosses are the same color as their respective stamps and occur in two different types. They are either colored on a white background or the other way around. They are always found in the last row of the sheet and can either be placed in the center or on the left or the right edge. 
At the time, the sheet of stamps as printed contained four "panes", or "counter sheets", each with eight rows and columns with 64 clichés per pane. It was considered important that there not be an uneven payment when several sheets were purchased (for instance, by businesses). The extant Austria currency was the Gulden, each worth 60 Kreuzer. For that reason, the idea of leaving the last four fields of a sheet free was considered. For example, when buying seven 6-Kreuzer sheets, the price was 42 Gulden instead of 44 Gulden and 48 Kreuzer. With the introduction of the new currency in 1858 (100 Kreuzer = 1 Gulden), the St. Andrew's cross was no longer needed and its use was discontinued.
The St. Andrew's crosses were again used for a short time during the 1917 issue of "special handling stamps" that consisted of 13 rows and eight columns, so that 104 special handling stamps were on a pane. The middle four stamps in the bottom row were replaced by St. Andrew's crosses. The issue and printing of these sheets with St. Andrew's crosses was not originally planned but because of the public disapproval of the triangular predecessor, it was decided to change to horizontal format for this stamp issue.
St. Andrew's crosses are very popular with collectors today. However, few St. Andrew's crosses have survived from the first issue still attached to an adjacent stamp. They were hardly noticed at that time and nearly always torn away, or cut off. Some St. Andrew's cross labels were used to seal letters because they were gummed, so there are still several individual pieces or strips of four extant. Because philately was more widespread at that time many more St. Andrew's crosses exist from the 1916 issue.
Censor labels.
In the Imperial postal censor station in Bermuda St. Andrew's crosses were usually applied in crayon, red, blue or black, to censor resealing labels or tapes used to seal mail being referred to a DAC, deputy assistant censor, or to another department for evaluation. Some of the crosses were applied after the censor labels had been stuck to the cover due to the cross only showing on the front of the label. These, St. Andrew's cross censor labels are also recorded on Prize court mail that was detained in Bermuda and released or sold after the war, in late 1945 and 1946.
An Imperial censor label, P.C.90, with the censor identity number 1000, occurs with the words "School use ONLY" at the top of a censor label that was used for training purposes. However, the location of use is unclear and could have been in the UK, Gibraltar or Bermuda.
Air letter.
A postal stationery airmail letter sheet, entitled "Forces Letter Card", now commonly known as an aerogram, was made available during World War II for British military forces and a few were issed with a large St. Andrew's cross printed on the front portion of the air letter.

</doc>
<doc id="20405062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405062" title="Ineligibility Clause">
Ineligibility Clause

The Ineligibility Clause, one of the two clauses often called the Emoluments Clause, and sometimes also referred to as the Incompatibility Clause or the Sinecure Clause, is found in of the United States Constitution. It places limitations upon the employment of members of Congress and prohibits employees of the Executive Branch from serving in Congress during their terms in office. The name "Ineligibility Clause" is only used by a minority of writers, as compared to the name "Emoluments Clause".
The clause states:
Purpose and origins.
The purpose of the clause is twofold: to protect separation of powers by ensuring that no member of the Executive or judicial branches of the federal government of the United States could simultaneously serve in the Legislative Branch and to prevent Congress from conspiring to create offices or increase federal officials' salaries with the expectation that members of Congress would later be appointed to these posts.
The clause was drafted to prevent similar problems which had occurred in the British Parliament, but the records of the Philadelphia Convention suggest that there was considerable disagreement among the delegates as to what the scope of the disabilities created by the clause should be. The clause does not bar simultaneous service as a federal judge and member of the executive branch, and under John Adams, John Marshall served as both United States Secretary of State and Chief Justice of the United States. It is not clear whether a member of Congress could hold a reserve commission in the armed forces, as the only case was never ruled upon due to lack of legal standing.
The prominent anti-Federalist politician Luther Martin reported that the clause, as originally drafted by the Philadelphia Convention, would have operated to prevent members of Congress from being appointed to offices in either the federal government and the governments of their respective home states for the period which they were elected to serve but that this part of the clause drew objections and was stricken from the article. 
Luther also criticized the clause itself, feeling that it would be ineffective in preventing this type of self-dealing, because members of Congress could easily create new offices, arrange for others to be appointed to them, and then fill the vacancies created by the movement of these government officers to new positions.
Political and legal history.
The Ineligibility Clause has resulted in some conflicts over potential appointments of Representatives and Senators to various Cabinet posts and other federal government offices.
Among the earliest questions to be addressed under the clause was whether a person serving as a United States Attorney could continue to serve in that capacity after being elected to a seat in Congress. In 1816, Samuel Herrick was elected to the 15th United States Congress while still serving as U.S. Attorney for the District of Ohio. He was not allowed to take his seat until the House of Representatives had determined whether his service as a U.S. Attorney created a conflict under the clause. Finally, in December 1817, the United States House Committee on Elections determined that there was no conflict, because even though Herrick had been elected to Congress, he had not taken the Congressional oath of office while he was still serving as a U.S. Attorney.
The clause has been interpreted as barring the appointment of a member of Congress to a post in another branch of government only if the pay raise occurred during a single term for which the member had been elected. In other words, the disability does not carry over to subsequent terms in office. This is in line with the view expressed about the clause by U.S. Supreme Court Justice Joseph Story in his "Commentaries on the Constitution of the United States".
This particular issue came before United States Attorney General Harry M. Daugherty when President Calvin Coolidge sought to appoint Senator William S. Kenyon to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. During Senator Kenyon's term (which was set to expire on March 4, 1919), Congress increased judicial salaries. Kenyon was then reelected in 1918 for another term, which was to begin immediately upon the expiration of his previous term of office. Coolidge nominated Kenyon to the court in 1922. When Coolidge requested Daugherty's formal opinion on Kenyon's eligibility, Daugherty (relying in part upon Story's "Commentaries") explained that Kenyon would have been disqualified only until the end of his term during which salaries were actually raised, not for the next following term for which he had been elected.
The converse of this position, however, is that the disability continues for the term for which the Senator or Congressman was elected, rather than for the actual length of time in office, so that mere resignation from the Congress does not remedy the disability created by the clause. This is the view that Attorney General Benjamin H. Brewster took in advising President Chester A. Arthur that former Iowa governor and U.S. Senator Samuel J. Kirkwood was ineligible for appointment to the U.S. Tariff Commission, even though Kirkwood had already resigned his Senate seat to become Secretary of the Interior. Brewster reasoned that because the Tariff Commission had been created in 1882, and Kirkwood's Senate term would have expired in 1883 if he had not first resigned, that Kirkwood was ineligible for the office.
The clause was at issue in 1937, when fifty-one-year-old sitting United States Senator from Alabama Hugo Black was appointed an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. Congress had recently increased the pension available to Justices retiring at the age of seventy. The emolument was one that Black would not derive benefit from for some 19 years and only if he survived that long. Furthermore, "Time" points out that the Retirement Act for which Black had voted merely guaranteed justices' pensions against reduction. When Black's appointment was challenged in the U.S. Supreme Court, the court declined to hear the case, holding that the petitioner lacked standing.
Perhaps the most widely known conflict involving this clause concerned the appointment of Senator William B. Saxbe of Ohio to the post of United States Attorney General by then-President Richard Nixon, in the aftermath of the Saturday Night Massacre. The salary of the Attorney General had been increased in 1969, in the first year of the Senate term that Saxbe was still serving in 1973. Nixon's solution was to have Congress reduce the Attorney General's salary to the value it had before Saxbe took office. This maneuver, known in legal and political circles as the Saxbe fix, has been used a number of times since, though its legality is not universally agreed-upon.
The Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel is often called upon by the President to determine whether an appointment is in violation of the clause. This was the necessary when President Bill Clinton appointed Bill Richardson as United States Ambassador to the United Nations and appointed William Cohen as Secretary of Defense, and when George W. Bush appointed Tony P. Hall Ambassador to the United Nations' Food and Agriculture Organization. In none of these cases, however, was the appointee chosen by the President prohibited from taking office.
In late 2008, the question was raised whether the clause would apply to the appointment of Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton as Secretary of State. Subsequently, Congress reset the pay for the position to its level prior to Senator Clinton's election to the Senate.
A related question was avoided by Senator Clinton nearly eight years earlier. Although the First Lady of the United States receives no salary, she holds spending and hiring authority concerning areas under her White House East Wing and residence purview. Her daughter, Chelsea Clinton, had often served as White House hostess or "de facto" acting First Lady during Clinton's Senatorial campaign. For the fortnight between Hillary Clinton taking office as a Senator and the expiration of Bill Clinton's presidency, Hillary Clinton abdicated the office and authority of First Lady in favor of Chelsea Clinton as Acting First Lady, negating the question of whether her White House authority violated the Ineligibility Clause.
There has been very little academic commentary on the clause and virtually no judicial explication of it. The only two lawsuits brought challenging appointments under the clause have been dismissed on grounds of lack of standing.

</doc>
<doc id="20405085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405085" title="Club Nacional de Regatas El Mbiguá">
Club Nacional de Regatas El Mbiguá

Club Nacional de Regatas El Mbiguá (most commonly known as ""Club Mbiguá"") is a multisport club based in Asunción, Paraguay. The club was founded on May 6, 1902 as a rowing club.
The club is famous in Paraguay for its rowing team and takes advantage of its location along the banks of the Paraguay River to train its athletes. The club also has a field hockey team and had a brief stint in football (soccer) when it participated in the Paraguayan first division tournament in 1909 and 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="20405095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405095" title="Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility">
Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility

The Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility (TALF) is a program created by the U.S. Federal Reserve (the Fed) to spur consumer credit lending. The program was announced on November 25, 2008 and was to support the issuance of asset-backed securities (ABS) collateralized by student loans, auto loans, credit card loans, and loans guaranteed by the Small Business Administration (SBA). Under TALF, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (NY Fed) lent up to $1 trillion (originally planned to be $200 billion) on a non-recourse basis to holders of certain AAA-rated ABS backed by newly and recently originated consumer and small business loans. As TALF money did not originate from the U.S. Treasury, the program did not require congressional approval to disburse funds, but an act of Congress forced the Fed to reveal how it lent the money.
Purpose.
The Fed explained the reasoning behind the TALF as follows:
Structure and terms.
According to the plan, the NY Fed would spend up to $200 billion in loans to spur the market in securities backed by lending to small business and consumers. Yet, the program closed after only funding the purchase of $43 billion in loans. Barbara Kiviat, TALF money was not to go directly to those small businesses and consumers, but to the issuers of asset-backed securities. The NY Fed would take the securities as collateral for more loans the issuers would ostensibly make. To manage the TALF loans, the NY Fed was to create a special-purpose vehicle (SPV) that would buy the assets securing the TALF loans. The U.S. Treasury's Troubled Assets Relief Program (TARP) of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 would finance the first $20 billion of asset purchases by buying debt in the SPV.
Eligible collateral included U.S. dollar-denominated cash ABS with a long-term credit rating in the highest investment-grade rating category from two or more major nationally recognized statistical rating organizations (NRSROs) and do not have a long-term credit rating of below the highest investment-grade rating category from a major NRSRO. Synthetic ABS (credit default swaps on ABS) do not qualify as eligible collateral. The program was launched on March 3, 2009.
Under TALF, the Fed lent $1 trillion to banks and hedge funds at nearly interest-free rates. Because the money came from the Fed and not the Treasury, there was no congressional oversight of how the funds were disbursed, until an act of Congress forced the Fed to open its books. Congressional staffers are examining more than 21,000 transactions. One study estimated that the subsidy rate on the TALF's $12.1 billion of loans to by buy commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBS) was 34 percent.
The Public-Private Investment Program.
On March 23, 2009, U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner announced the Public-Private Investment Program (PPIP) to help struggling banks by buying up to $1 trillion of toxic assets from their' balance sheets. The program was to revive the market for unpackaged loans and mortgage securities not backed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or other government-supported institutions. 
There were two primary programs, the Legacy Loans Program and the Legacy Securities Program. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) was to provide non-recourse loan guarantees for up to 85 percent of the purchase price; asset managers were to raise money from private investors, with capital and loans from taxpayers through the U.S. Treasury, TARP and TALF providing the rest of the funds. The initial size of PPIP was projected to be $500 billion of the $1 trillion limit and was expected to free up money for lending.
The major stock market indexes in the United States rallied on the day of the announcement rising by over six percent, with shares of bank stocks leading the way. Economist Paul Krugman was very critical of the program, arguing the non-recourse loans led to a hidden subsidy that would be split by asset managers, banks' shareholders and creditors. Banking analyst Meridith Whitney argued that banks would not sell bad assets at fair market values because they would be reluctant to take asset writedowns. However, just months after PPIP began, the debt became a money-maker when the bonds rallied and banks, instead of purging their balance sheets of toxic assets, began buying more home loan bonds lacking government guarantees. Bank of America, Citigroup, Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs added a combined $3.36 billion of the debt, which just months earlier, had been of little interest to buyers.
Michael Schlachter, the managing director of an investment consulting firm in Santa Monica, California called it "absolutely ridiculous" that banks may profit from speculating on toxic debt, when their pursuit of it caused the financial crisis. Schlachter said, “Some of them created this mess, and they are making a killing undoing it.” The prices for some of the securities that PPIP was to buy almost doubled between March 2009 and the end of the year, a rally that was in part caused by traders jumping in before the PPIP funds were available, according to one trader. The director of research at an investment consulting firm said that banks increased their debt holdings following the announcement of PPIP was hardly surprising. “Any time the government says, ‘We’re going to buy something in the securities market,’ they’re putting out a sign that says, ‘Free money, come and get it’,” he said.
Congress demands oversight.
In April 2009, Congress passed legislation that included an amendment telling the Fed to reveal the names of the banks and other institutions that received $2.3 trillion in taxpayer-backed bailout loans and other financial assistance. Limited information on 21,000 transactions made by the Fed between December 1, 2007 and July 21, 2010 was released on December 1, 2010 and is now being examined by Senate and House staffers. In the history of the Fed, this is the first time it has opened its books to Congress. Bailout aid was sent to banks in Mexico, Bahrain and Bavaria, billions of dollars were sent to several Japanese automobile companies, Citigroup and Morgan Stanley each received $2 trillion in loans and billions were sent to millionaires and billionaires with addresses in the Cayman Islands. Said Warren Gunnels, an aide to Senator Bernie Sanders, sponsor of the amendment calling for Fed transparency, "Our jaws are literally dropping as we're reading this." Gummels said each one of the transactions was "outrageous".
In one example highlighted by "Rolling Stone", nine loans were made to Waterfall TALF Opportunity, an offshore company formed in June 2009. Two of the chief investors of Waterfall are Christy Mack and Susan Karches, who have little or no previous business experience. Mack is married to John Mack, former chairman of Morgan Stanley and Karches is the widow of Peter Karches, once the president of Morgan Stanley's investment banking division and good friends of the Macks. Waterfall was capitalized with $14.87 million, presumably from Mack and Karches. Two months after the company was established, the Fed gave them low-interest TALF loans totaling $220 million. The way TALF loans were set up, 100 percent of any profit is retained by the borrower, but the Fed and the Treasury absorb any losses. The Fed and the Treasury are funded by taxpayers. Waterfall used the $220 million TALF loans to buy securities, including a large pool of commercial mortgages managed by Credit Suisse, a company once headed by Mack's husband. As of autumn 2010, about 68 percent, some $150 million, had not yet been paid back.
The Fed refuses to provide any information on how it priced individual securities bought with TALF funds. It only provides lump sums of what was spent on a block of securities, but without indication of how many units were bought, making analysis of TALF impossible. The public has no way of knowing how much Waterfall earned on the securities it bought, although the Fed values them at $253.6 million. Securities lawyer and whistleblower Gary J. Aguirre says the pricing information is essential to validating the Fed's role in TALF, to judge how the taxpayers' funds were used. Senator Chuck Grassley has requested detailed information from Waterfall about its transactions and Sanders has asked Federal Reserve chief Ben Bernanke for more detailed information on loans made to Waterfall, former Miami Dolphins owner H. Wayne Huizenga and John Paulson, a hedge fund manager.

</doc>
<doc id="20405173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405173" title="Susan Dungjen">
Susan Dungjen

Susan Dungjen (born April 7, 1970) is an American former pair skater. With brother Jason Dungjen, she is the 1984 World Junior silver medalist and the 1985 U.S. pewter medalist. They won the silver medal at the 1983 NHK Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="20405213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405213" title="Matsqui Island">
Matsqui Island

Matsqui Island is a large island in the Fraser River in the Central Fraser Valley region of British Columbia, Canada, located between the City of Abbotsford (S) and the District of Mission (N) and about a mile downstream from the Mission Bridge. Though technically located within the District of Mission, Matsqui Island and adjoining sandbars are part of the Matsqui Indian Reserve and are governed by the Matsqui First Nation.

</doc>
<doc id="20405233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405233" title="Lambertus de Monte">
Lambertus de Monte

Lambertus de Monte Domini (van 's-Heerenbergh) or Lambert of Cologne (1430/5–1499) was a Dutch Scholastic and Thomist. He went to the University of Cologne in 1450, where he was taught by his uncle Gerhardus de Monte, and received his Master of Arts in 1454, holding an arts professorship there from 1455 until 1473, when he became a doctor of theology. He then taught in the faculty of theology until his death. He was the third doctor of the "bursa Montana". 
He wrote several Thomist commentaries on Aristotle, including the "Physics", "De anima", and the "logica nova", most of which were printed in Cologne during his lifetime or shortly thereafter. He was a defender of the Thomistic interpretation of Aristotle against that of Albert the Great and his followers. He was a member of the Schola Coloniensis of Thomists. Notably, he argued for Aristotle's salvation against the scholarly consensus that Aristotle was in Hell. He also wrote "copulata" on Peter of Spain. Besides Thomas and Gerhardus, he was influenced by Henry of Gorkum, Gerhardus' teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="20405242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405242" title="Mitchell (surname)">
Mitchell (surname)

Mitchell is an old Scots surname with several etymological origins. In some cases the name is derived from the Middle English and Old French name "Michel", a vernacular form of the name "Michael". The personal name "Michael" is ultimately derived from a Hebrew name, meaning "Who is like God". In other cases the surname "Mitchell" is derived from the Middle English words "michel", "mechel", and "muchel", meaning "big". In some cases, the surname "Mitchell" was adopted as an equivalent of "Mulvihill"; this English-language surname is derived from the Irish-language "Ó Maoil Mhichíl", meaning "descendant of the devotee of St. Michael".

</doc>
<doc id="20405272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405272" title="Devon John Landau">
Devon John Landau

Devon John Landau (1960–2007) was a Canadian-born Australian who had a diverse career in producing, writing and directing short films, as an accomplished artist and sculptor and working in the financial services industry as a client manager and project manager.
Completed films included "Zork and Zamien's Day Out" (2004) and "Floater - A Ghost Story" (2006).
These films were selected for screening around the world including the San Francisco and Bucharest film festivals.
His sculptures were regularly exhibited in Sydney art galleries and featured in an exhibition within the Sydney Botanic Gardens in 2006. He was profiled on the community television show, "Yianni's City Life" in 2006 showing and discussing his artworks.

</doc>
<doc id="20405279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405279" title="Arthur Radebaugh">
Arthur Radebaugh

Arthur Radebaugh was a futurist illustrator, airbrush artist, and industrial designer. He produced a significant body of work for automotive industry advertisements. He was noted for his artistic experimentation with fluorescent paint under black light, an interest that stemmed from his design work for the U.S. Army. From 1958 to 1962 he produced the syndicated Sunday comic strip "Closer Than We Think!".

</doc>
<doc id="20405331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405331" title="Dalemark Quartet">
Dalemark Quartet

The Dalemark Quartet is a series of four fantasy books by Diana Wynne Jones set in a rustic parallel universe with pre-industrial or even medieval civilization. Dalemark is a region by the sea divided into South Dalemark and North Dalemark, consisting of 15 earldoms (formerly called marks):
North Dalemark – 7 earldoms 
South Dalemark - 8 earldoms
In addition to the 15 earldoms, Dalemark includes the so-called King's Lands (the Holy Islands, the Marshes, and the Shield of Oreth), although there has been no king in Dalemark for a long time. 
The earls ruling South Dalemark are presented as much more tyrannical and cruel than the North Dalemark earls, who are described as being more liberal and with greater respect for human freedoms. As a result, there is constant tension between the North and the South, which often erupts in open war or rebellion. The Great Uprising was a countrywide revolution which led to the restoration of monarchy with Amil the Great ascending to the throne of united Dalemark. The Great Uprising took place about a year after the main events described in "Drowned Ammet", the second book of the "Dalemark Quartet".
The "Dalemark Quartet" titles are listed below in the order of publication, which is different from the order of internal chronology (shown by Arabic numerals in parentheses):

</doc>
<doc id="20405383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405383" title="Bistričica">
Bistričica

Bistričica () is a settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20405402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405402" title="Brezje nad Kamnikom">
Brezje nad Kamnikom

Brezje nad Kamnikom is a settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Brezje" to "Brezje nad Kamnikom" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20405422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405422" title="Lee H. Rosenthal">
Lee H. Rosenthal

Lee Hyman Rosenthal (born 1952 in Richmond, Indiana) is a judge on the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division.
Education.
Rosenthal received her B.A. from the University of Chicago in 1974 and her J.D. from the University of Chicago Law School in 1977, where she was an editor of the Law Review.
Career.
After her graduation from law school, Rosenthal completed a one-year clerkship with the Hon. John R. Brown, Chief Judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Rosenthal practiced with the Houston law firm Baker Botts from 1978 to 1992, becoming a partner in 1985.
Rosenthal was nominated to the district court by George H.W. Bush on March 20, 1992, was confirmed by the United States Senate on May 12, 1992, and received her commission on May 13, 1992. 
Rosenthal chaired the Judicial Conference Committee on Rules of Practice and Procedure, to which she was appointed in 2007 by Chief Justice John G. Roberts, Jr. The committee supervises the rule-making process in the federal courts and oversees and coordinates the work of the Advisory Committees on the Federal Rules of Evidence and of Civil, Criminal, Bankruptcy and Appellate Procedure. Prior to 2007, Rosenthal was a member, then chair, of the Judicial Conference Advisory Committee on the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist appointed Rosenthal to that committee in 1996 and as chair in 2003. Under Rosenthal’s leadership, the discovery rules were amended to address the impact of changes in information technology in 2006. In 2007, the entire set of civil rules was edited to be clearer and simpler without changing substantive meaning. The work clarifying and simplifying the rules used in the trial courts won the committee the 2007 “Reform in Law” Award from the Burton Awards for Legal Achievement, an award issued with the Library of Congress and the Law Library of Congress.
Rosenthal is a member of the board of editors for the Manual for Complex Litigation, published by the Federal Judicial Center. She is a member of the American Law Institute (ALI) and was recently elected to its council. She serves as an adviser for the ALI’s Aggregate Litigation Project and Rules of Transnational Civil Procedure Project.
Rosenthal is a member of the Rice University Board of Trustees and a member of the Duke University School of Law Board of Visitors. She is also adjunct faculty at the University of Houston Law Center.
Judicial Reputation.
Rosenthal was selected as the trial judge of the year by the Texas Association of Civil Trial and Appellate Specialists in 2000 and again in 2006. She has received the Houston Bar Association’s highest bar-poll evaluation for judges three times — in 1999, 2005 and 2007. In the 2007 poll, 80.5% of respondents rated her "outstanding" and 16.5% rated her "acceptable." Rosenthal has been mentioned as a possible nominee to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="20405427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405427" title="Tim Barry">
Tim Barry

Tim Barry is an American singer, songwriter, and guitarist. He is the former lead singer of the Richmond, Virginia-based punk rock band Avail. In addition to performing with Avail, he was the bass guitarist in the Richmond-based folk punk band (Young) Pioneers from 1994-1995. Barry has been performing folk music on his own since 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20405430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405430" title="BDX">
BDX

BDX could mean any of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20405487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405487" title="Gordon Perry (producer)">
Gordon Perry (producer)

Gordon Perry (born June 4, 1947) has served in the music industry as a record producer, manager, concert promoter, video director, publisher, label executive and recording studio owner since 1968.
In the late 1960s he had his first success as a producer with the Southwest FOB's hit "Smell of Incense". In the early 1970s, as a concert promoter, he helped launch ZZ Top and worked extensively with Kris Kristofferson and Rita Coolidge.
In addition to being a record producer, he owned and operated recording studios in Dallas and Los Angeles (Goodnight Dallas & Goodnight LA). His production work included Stevie Nicks (Fleetwood Mac), Face to Face (new wave band) and Sandy Stewart among others. During Stevie Nicks' solo career, he worked with her as producer, arranger, publisher and video director.
From 1988 to 1991 Gordon was President of Kore Group Records, a member of the WEA group of labels, under the Atlantic Records Division.
His publishing company's involvement on the "Beverly Hills Cop Soundtrack" earned him a Grammy Award and Gordon has also been awarded six gold and platinum records for his involvement in sales of over ten million records.
He has been on the leading edge of surround sound mixing and sound design with his work on "The Gate To The Minds Eye" DVD by Thomas Dolby.
His partner of over 30 years is the legendary record producer Keith Olsen (Fleetwood Mac, Pat Benatar, Rick Springfield, Heart (band), The Grateful Dead, Santana (band), Scorpions (band), Whitesnake, REO Speedwagon, Kim Carnes, etc.).
In 2008 Gordon is working with recording artist "Nelson (band)" (sales of over 4 million records worldwide) and "Doyle Bramhall II" (Eric Clapton's guitar player and a member of the "Arc Angels").

</doc>
<doc id="20405523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405523" title="The Jackson Code">
The Jackson Code

The Jackson Code are an Australian rock band, formed in Perth in 1989.
Biography.
The Jackson Code were formed in 1989, following the breakup of Mark Snarksi's earlier band, Chad's Tree. For the band's debut album, Snarski utilised the services of Amanda Pearson (vocals, percussion), Barry Turnbull (bass) and Mark Dawson (drums). The album, "Del Musical Del Mismo Nombre" was released in August 1989 on the Waterfront label (available only on vinyl) to critical acclaim, although it was re-released on CD in 1993. The main influence on the album was songwriter Snarski's trip to Spain, thus the title which when translated means "From the Musical of the Same Name". The band recorded the album in four days on a budget of $1000. The lush romanticism of the songs had critics searching for superlatives. Writing in Rolling Stone, reviewer Jon Casimir called the album one of the minor masterpieces of 1989. As Casimir put it, the band took inspiration for its 'self-styled urban Romantic Cabaret' from German writers such as Brecht and Weill, as well as Tom Waits. To promote the record they toured nationally twice, playing successful shows in Sydney and Melbourne. Rather than capitalise on such acclaim however, Snarski chose to take a break, spending two years travelling in Spain and the USA.
Snarksi revived The Jackson Code in 1992 and recorded a new album, "Strange Cargo". Snarksi was joined in the recording studio by Pearson, Turnbull and Dawson, together with string, brass and 'hand-clap' sections. "Strange Cargo" was released on the Citadel label in August 1992. 1993 also saw the band sign to RooArt and produce one of that years (sic) finest, "Draggin' The River". The album was released in December 1993. The band's last studio album was "The Things You Need", which was released in September 1995. After touring with American crime writer James Ellroy in 1996, Snarksi left Australia for Europe finally settling in Madrid. 'There was this one afternoon where I'd dropped everyone off and I was carting this amp up the stairs of - what's that theatre we played in St Kilda? I just put it down and decided, I've had enough of this.'
The Jackson Code's drummer Mark Dawson plays with the Blackeyed Susans (he also worked with Ed Kuepper). Kenny Davis Jr and Kathryn Wemyss also played, abiet briefly with the Blackeyed Susans. Wemyss later performing with Midnight Oil at the opening ceremony of the Sydney Olympics in 2000, since then she has formed her own band called Wemo. Davis went on to join Decoder Ring. Barry Turnbull and Mandy Pearson went on to form their own band, Love Me.
The Jackson Code's retrospective album of 1998, "The Second Greatest Story Ever Told", a two disc compilation album (the first disc consists of tracks from the four studio albums and the second disc is full of rarities) was released in September 1998. In 2003 "Del Musical Del Mismo Nombre" was re-issued on a CD format by Citadel Records. 
In June 2006 Snarksi travelled to Belgium to sing with a specially reformed Triffids lineup for ‘An Evening With The Triffids’ – an exhibition and show in remembrance of lead singer David McComb.
References.
Bevan Reed (saxophone)

</doc>
<doc id="20405529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405529" title="Rivanna Junction">
Rivanna Junction

Rivanna Junction is the second full-length album by Tim Barry. It was released in the United States on November 21, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20405536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405536" title="Martin Medlar">
Martin Medlar

Martin Medlar (4 December 1899 – 4 June 1965) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. A farmer by profession, he was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Carlow–Kilkenny constituency at the 1956 by-election caused by the death of Thomas Walsh of Fianna Fáil. He was re-elected at the 1957 and 1961 general elections. He lost his seat at the 1965 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20405564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405564" title="Sarah Marshall">
Sarah Marshall

Sarah Marshall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20405570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405570" title="Laurel Street Demo 2005">
Laurel Street Demo 2005

Laurel Street Demo 2005 is the first full-length album by Tim Barry. It was originally recorded only as a demo, but was officially released in the United States on July 4, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20405575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405575" title="The Stark Files">
The Stark Files

The Stark Files is a young adult mystery series, featuring the fictional characters, Bobby and Brandon Stark. The Stark Files is authored by RC Erickson, and published through Quool Publishing.
The series was first published in February 2007, and has since grown with second editions, specialty books, and memorabilia including board games and computer games for example. The paperback and hardcover versions of the series were also redesigned. The novels are similar to The Hardy Boys and Tom Swift.
Series.
The first book of The Stark Files was published in February 2007. The second editions of the first five books were released in 2009.
Series background.
The Stark brothers, Bobby and Brandon, live in the town of Raven Cliff Cove, which is located northeast of Seattle, Washington. Bobby is seventeen with brown hair and blue eyes. He stands six foot with an athletic build and plays a variety of sports at Raven Cliff Cove High School, which he is a senior. Brandon has blonde hair and blue eyes. He also stands six foot with an athletic build and is very active in sports at RCC High School, where he is a junior.
The boys live at the SFALLS ranch with their parents, Russ and Jami Stark. Russ is the founder and CEO of StarkTec Industries. StarkTec is a company the delves into latest technology and has several projects with United States government, most of which are Top Secret. StarkTec also deals with private industries developing new technology. Russ also has his own private helicopter, a Hughes 500D, and sometimes assists his sons in their cases. Jami Stark is a partner in a very prestigious law firm located in downtown Seattle, Washington. The last member of the Stark family is the boys' sister, Bre. She lives in a condo in Seattle with her roommate, Tabitha. Both girls are involved in acting and theater, and are always finding work in a very competitive profession.
The Stark brothers have a variety of friends, but one of their closest is Kevin Treyzen, and RCC police officer, Joe Franklin, who get involved in the boys' adventures.
Driving their customized 1993 Ford Bronco with 33" tires, Bobby and Brandon delve into the unknown. Underlining the majority of the series is one large conspiracy about a secret organization known only to the Starks as, The Project. Not all the books in the series directly involve the larger conspiracy, but all of them are independent mysteries. The series involves traditional cases and also delves into the supernatural.
"Who dares take on the unknown?" is the slogan of The Stark Files
Whodunnit Books.
Upcoming books.
There are 33 other regular titles planned, and R. C. Erickson said a total of 70 ideas for books were up but the current forthcoming are:
Upcoming books without a planned release date.
Only 37 of the 70 said have the titles planned, but not for a release date. Statistically speaking, the series (or possibly, the main series) would then last until 2066. 11-37 are unplanned. The titles of 38-70 aren't even up. The upcoming books without release dates are:
Other media.
There will be a possible upcoming computer game series in the style of Nancy Drew games:
Also a board game is in the works.

</doc>
<doc id="20405588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405588" title="Shing (disambiguation)">
Shing (disambiguation)

Shing may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20405595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405595" title="Manchester (album)">
Manchester (album)

Manchester is the third full-length album by Tim Barry.

</doc>
<doc id="20405620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405620" title="Francis Cooke (disambiguation)">
Francis Cooke (disambiguation)

Francis Cooke may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20405650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405650" title="T meson">
T meson

T mesons are hypothetical mesons composed of a top quark and either an up (), down (), strange () or charm antiquark (). Because of the top quark's short lifetime, T mesons are not expected to be found in nature. The combination of a top quark and top antiquark is not a T meson, but rather toponium. Each T meson has an antiparticle that is composed of a top antiquark and an up (), down (), strange () or charm quark () respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20405653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405653" title="Sarah Marshall (French model)">
Sarah Marshall (French model)

Sarah Marshall (born on 1 June 1981) is a French model and actress.
Biography.
Sarah Marshall is the granddaughter of Michèle Morgan and William Marshall, and the daughter of Mike Marshall.
She is a model for French designer Jean-Claude Jitrois and remains to this day his muse, often wearing his trademark leather clothes in various fashion events in Paris.
She is married to Alexandre Anthony and has a son, Zoltan; Alexandre and Sarah had a tumultuous relationship which they describe in their common book, "Les Amants du destin".

</doc>
<doc id="20405663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405663" title="KGWA">
KGWA

KGWA (960 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Enid, Oklahoma, USA, the station serves the Oklahoma City area. The station is currently owned by Williams Broadcasting LLC and features programing from Fox News Radio.
Office Location.
KGWA-AM is located on 1710 W Willow in Enid. For many years the station promoted itself at the top of the hour by announcing, "Our studios are in Midwestern Square - home of Midwestern Life Insurance Company." That location was on North Van Buren Road.

</doc>
<doc id="20405685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405685" title="Shing">
Shing

The Shing are a fictional alien race, in the Hainish Cycle of novels and short stories of the science fiction writer Ursula K. Le Guin. They are only explicitly described in "City of Illusions", but seem to be the same as the distant but threatening 'enemy' mentioned in "Rocannon's World" and "Planet of Exile". In "The Left Hand of Darkness", brief reference is made to an earlier 'Age of the Enemy' which is now past. It seems the planets of the former League of Worlds have re-united as the Ekumen.
In her introduction to the 1978 hardback edition of "City of Illusions", Le Guin regrets the improbable and flawed depiction of the villains, the Shing, as not convincingly evil.
Nature of the Shing.
Originating in a distant region of the galaxy, perhaps hundreds of light-years from Earth, the Shing infiltrate and destroy the League of All Worlds twelve hundred years before "City of Illusions" begins. Their main weapon in this conquest is the ability to lie in Mindspeech. The Shing closely resemble humans though they seem to be unable to interbreed with them. Coming to Earth as "exiles or pirates or empire builders from some distant star" the Shing, who are not numerous, establish themselves in a single fantastical city Es Toch. Under their rule the remainder of Earth declines into a thinly populated collection of backward and often mutually hostile tribal societies.
Mindspeech is an advanced form of telepathy practiced by the Shing. Mindspeech was first learned by Rocannon, an ethnologist from the planet New South Georgia of the League of All Worlds on the world called in his honor Rokanan. Two of the races on Rokanan have indigenous telepathy and from one of them Rocannon learns the skill himself, and later it spreads throughout the League. One axiom held to be undeniable was that it is not possible to lie through mindspeech, however the alien Enemy of the League, the Shing are able to mind-lie and use that ability to infiltrate and eventually destroy the League.
"Reverence for Life".
Ruling through "toolmen" - human collaborators who are either computer controlled or who have been raised to accept the Shing as benign human lords, the only truth that the Shing seem to accept is the law of preservation of life. They appear as pathological liars, though Falk, the Alterran leading character of "City of Illusions", comes to conclude that "the essence of their lying was a profound, irredemiable lack of understanding" of the peoples that they have conquered. Shing character, culture, architecture and even clothing is ambiguous and illusory.
Climax.
At the ending of "City of Illusions" Falk escapes from the Shing in a stolen interstellar ship, returning to his own home world of Werel where the interbreeding of Terran colonists and Hainish-descended indigenous peoples has built an advanced society with the will and capacity to end Shing rule over Earth.
The final fate of the Shing is not made clear. The philosophy of the Ekumen provides for coexistence with objectionable peoples, but it is less apparent what the Alterrans believe. Nor is it certain how or when the Ekumen was established - just that it occurred at some point between the time periods covered by "City of Illusions" and "The Left Hand of Darkness".

</doc>
<doc id="20405694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405694" title="Scandinavia's Next Top Model (cycle 1)">
Scandinavia's Next Top Model (cycle 1)

"Scandinavia's Next Top Model, Cycle 1" (Original title: "Top Model: New York") was the first Cycle of the Scandinavian reality television show, based on the original concept from America's Next Top Model. It was broadcast on TV3 in Denmark, Norway and Sweden by Viasat.
The concept of the show was that each country started an internal competition with nine girls and a national top model eliminating one after other together with her own panel of judges until three girls were left in each country.
At that point the pre-selection was over and the last nine girls competed together and against each other. Although each of the participating countries did the same photo shoots and visited the same locations the girls were never supposed to meet each other before the merge.
As every country had a reserved spot in the shows final top 3, the competition remained between the national finalists until only one Danish, Swedish and Norwegian girl was left when a special jury in New York led by US American model Georgianna Robertson determined who the winner would be.
In the final episode Kine Lauvås Bakke from Norway was named the very first winner of "Scandinavia's Next Top Model" over Nanna Schultz Christensen from Denmark and Elina Herbeck from Sweden.
The Cycle had ten episodes in each country with the merge happening in Episode 7 in all of them. A second Cycle immediately followed later in the same year following the same concept.
Denmark's Pre-Selection.
The first episode was aired in Denmark on February 15, 2005 with the final being shown on May 3 of the same year making it the first of the participating countries to start airing the show.
Two contestants of this Cycle found their way into international tabloids by dating a celebrity or rumored to do so
Sweden's Pre-Selection.
As a special twist of the Cycle, Kumba M'bye, originally cut in the semifinals, was brought back as a surprise 10th girl at the very first photo shoot. However, after Maria Öhrstrand decided to quit the competition close after, the show did not see a double elimination to fit the schedule of the other two countries.
Norway's Pre-Selection.
The country produced the first winner of the show: Kine Lauvås Bakke, 21 years old by that time.

</doc>
<doc id="20405709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405709" title="Battle of Đồng Đăng">
Battle of Đồng Đăng

The Battle of Đồng Đăng (23 February 1885) was an important French victory during the Sino-French War. It is named after the town of Đồng Đăng, then in northern Tonkin, close to the border between China and Vietnam.
Background.
The battle was fought as a pendant to the Lang Son Campaign (3 to 13 February 1885), in which the French captured the Guangxi Army's base at Lang Son.
On 16 February General Louis Brière de l'Isle, the commander of the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps, left Lang Son with Giovanninelli's 1st Brigade to relieve the Siege of Tuyen Quang. Before his departure, he ordered General Oscar de Négrier, who would remain at Lang Son with the 2nd Brigade, to press on towards the Chinese border and expel the battered remnants of the Guangxi Army from Tonkinese soil. After resupplying the 2nd Brigade with food and ammunition, De Négrier advanced to attack the Guangxi Army at Dong Dang.
French forces at Dong Dang.
De Négrier's 2nd Brigade numbered just under 2,900 men in February 1885. The brigade's order of battle was as follows:
De Négrier advanced on Dong Dang with Herbinger's three line battalions, the two Foreign Legion battalions, a company of Tonkinese riflemen and Roperh and de Saxcé's batteries. Servière's 2nd African Battalion was left to guard Lang Son and the brigade's supply line back to Chu. Martin's battery also remained at Lang Son.
Chinese positions.
The Chinese had established an extremely strong position, centred on a 300-metre high limestone plateau which rose just to the west of the Mandarin Road and ran due north from Dong Dang to the Gate of China and beyond into China itself. This massif overlooked Dong Dang and the approaches to the Gate of China, and presented a sheer cliff face towards the southeast. It could only be climbed on its western side, and the Chinese had established a sheltered artillery position on its summit, just behind Dong Dang, commanding the steep western slopes that an attacker would have to scale. A number of infantry camps and several other artillery emplacements had been built on the summit.
The left of the Chinese position lay along the hills directly to the east of the Mandarin Road, which were covered by the elevated infantry and artillery positions on the limestone massif. These positions were quite secure against a frontal attack as long as the massif itself remained in Chinese hands. To reach a position from which they could assault the limestone massif the French would first have to take Dong Dang, which lay directly in their way. The Chinese had deployed their right wing in and around Dong Dang. The small low-lying town was the weakest point in the Chinese position, but the Chinese had done what they could to strengthen it by building three strong forts on the hills to its west, overlooking the villages of Dong Tien and Pho Bu and the That Ke valley. These strongpoints, the ‘Western Forts’, were linked by a defensive line which contained Dong Dang itself. The Chinese could also rely on the Dong Dang stream, a fast-flowing arroyo which ran across the entire front of their line, to act as a moat for their defences and slow down any French attack.
The battle of Dong Dang, 23 February 1885.
The French attack column left Lang Son at 8 a.m. on 23 February and followed the Mandarin Road towards Dong Dang. The road threaded its way along the defiles separating the steep mountains, passing through a number of small, abandoned villages. To guard against a possible Chinese surprise attack, "chef de bataillon" Tonnot led the way with an unusually strong advance guard—Diguet’s Legion battalion, de Saxcé’s battery, the Tonkinese skirmishers and the cavalry. Herbinger followed on behind with the rest of the infantry and Roperh’s battery. The 143rd Battalion was split into individual companies for the day’s operations. One company marched with the main body, a second formed the rearguard, and the remaining two were detached as escorts for the two artillery batteries.
At 9.30 a.m. the French vanguard entered the village of Tham Lon and discovered some unoccupied Chinese forts above the nearby hamlet of Ban Vinh. Shortly afterwards it was engaged by a group of Chinese skirmishers, who began firing to warn their comrades of the French approach. Their fire was not dangerous and the French continued to press on, looking for ground where they could deploy into a line of battle. Tonnot deployed a section of de Saxcé’s battery to give covering fire if necessary, but the Chinese fell back and occupied a rise at a right angle to the road. They were joined by other troops, and began to fire at the head of the French column.
The French vanguard now began to deploy into the hills on both sides of the Mandarin Road to face the Chinese skirmishers. De Négrier, attracted by the sound of the firing, joined Tonnot at the head of the French column. A kilometre to the north of Ban Vinh there was a tall hill which looked as though it would offer a good view of the Dong Dang valley, where the Chinese were presumably entrenched. This seemed to be the best position available for the French artillery, and de Négrier sent forward Bérard’s Legion company to secure it. A party of Chinese skirmishers was occupying the hill, but the legionnaires drove them from it with little difficulty. De Négrier sent a galloper back to the column’s main body with orders for Roperh to deploy his battery on the summit of the hill, now christened by the French 'Bérard Mound'. While Roperh struggled to get his guns up to the summit of Bérard Mound the brigade’s vanguard fanned out on both sides of the Mandarin Road. Captain Geil’s Tonkinese riflemen deployed just to the right of the road, linking up with Bérard’s company, while the other three companies of Diguet’s battalion deployed to the left.
Chinese spoiling attack.
Tonnot’s vanguard had won enough space for the brigade’s main body to close up and deploy in its turn. De Négrier sent half of his troops to its left and the other half to its right. Diguet’s legionnaires and Geil’s Tonkinese now found themselves holding the centre of the French line. De Négrier had already decided to throw his right wing forward, in order to secure Bérard Mound for his artillery, and he now decided to refuse his left wing, deploying the brigade in a diagonal line of three mutually-supporting echelons astride the Mandarin Road. But this deployment, in hilly terrain, was a necessarily slow business, and at around midday the Chinese attempted to envelop both French flanks, perhaps hoping to catch them unprepared.
The Chinese attack on the French left, where de Négrier had refused his line, had little chance of success. The French left wing was held by the 23rd Line Battalion, which was occupying a hill to the southwest of the Mandarin Road behind and to the left of Diguet’s legionnaires. The attackers, who issued in large numbers from the Western Forts, attempted to advance up the valley towards Ban Vinh to engage the 23rd Battalion. They had more than two kilometres to march, and before they had covered half this distance they came under fire from a section of French artillery and the three Legion companies deployed to the left of the Mandarin Road. It became clear that the attack was not going to succeed, and the Chinese fell back. The 23rd Battalion did not have to fire a shot in this action, and the Chinese made no further attempts to move against the French left.
By contrast, the Chinese attack on the right against Bérard Mound, occupied by Roperh’s battery and its escorts and Bérard’s Legion company, was pressed home vigorously. The Chinese infantry were in considerable strength, and on this occasion were adequately supported by their artillery, which began to engage Roperh’s battery from its positions on the cliffs behind Dong Dang. The enemy gunners soon found the range and, uniquely during the Sino-French War, the French came under well-aimed artillery fire. Disconcerted by the speed and accuracy of the Chinese fire, Roperh’s battery had to change position. De Négrier sent Commandant Schoeffer to Bérard Mound to reinforce its defenders with Lascombes and Gaucheron’s companies from his own Legion battalion. Lascombes and Bérard then led their men in a counterattack against a hill overlooking the French position. Bérard was shot in the chest and seriously wounded during this counterattack, but Lieutenant de Féraudy immediately assumed command of his company and drove home the French charge. The Chinese fell back in disorder.
French attack on the Western Forts.
The French had defeated both Chinese flanking attacks. They could now consider taking the offensive themselves. De Négrier’s plan was a simple and logical three-step operation. To win the battle, the French had to throw the Chinese off the limestone massif. To attack this position, they had first to take Dong Dang. To assault Dong Dang without suffering crippling casualties, they had to weaken its defences by reducing the Western Forts. The first step was therefore to capture the Western Forts.
De Négrier prepared the attack on the Western Forts with a lengthy artillery bombardment of the Chinese positions. De Saxcé and Jourdy’s batteries first engaged the Chinese guns in their emplacements on the limestone massif, and by 1 p.m. had completely silenced them. The French batteries then turned their attention to the Chinese positions on the hills to the east of the Mandarin Road that ran back to the Chinese frontier. So far the French infantry on the right of de Négrier’s line had shown no signs of advancing, and the Chinese defenders saw no reason to hold their ground under artillery fire. Unable to reply to the French guns, they evacuated their trenches on the forward slopes and fell back to more sheltered positions on the reverse slopes. Finally, the French guns swept the Chinese positions around the Western Forts.
Just before 3 p.m., when he judged that the Chinese were sufficiently demoralised, de Négrier ordered Herbinger to capture the Western Forts with the 111th Line Battalion and the five closest companies of Diguet and Schoeffer’s Legion battalions. The attack would be screened by Geil’s Tonkinese. The Chinese did not attempt to hold the forts in the face of the French advance. Their right wing battalions abandoned their positions and began to retreat along the path to That Ke. Herbinger ordered Diguet’s men to pursue the retreating Chinese for some distance and set up a blocking position astride the path. He then reorganised the rest of his troops for the next step in de Négrier’s programme, the assault on Dong Dang.
Capture of Dong Dang by 111th Battalion.
Most of the houses in the southern part of the town had been set alight by the French artillery bombardment, and the position was now held only by small groups of Chinese skirmishers. Herbinger decided that the main assault on the town would be made by the 111th Battalion, screened by the Tonkinese and with Brunet and Michel’s companies of Schoeffer’s Legion battalion in support. The 111th had to advance across a kilometre of open ground, under fire from both the Chinese on the summit of the limestone massif and from a group of Chinese skirmishers in Dong Dang itself. The French conscripts moved forward at a brisk trot and eventually reached the Dong Dang stream, 200 metres from the outskirts of the town. Here they hesitated. Men began to fall to the enemy’s fire. The company officers jumped into the stream to set an example, and waded through waist-high water to the other side. Once they clambered onto dry land the soldiers had only one thought: to reach the shelter of Dong Dang and escape from the plunging fire from the limestone massif. In complete disorder, running at full tilt to close the distance as quickly as possible, the young soldiers of the 111th Battalion charged wildly into the blazing town. The astonished company officers raced to place themselves at the front of this impromptu charge, waving their swords above their heads to spur on their men to yet greater efforts. The speed and fury of this improvised attack took the Chinese skirmishers completely by surprise. They tried to evacuate Dong Dang but were not fast enough. The soldiers of the 111th trapped laggards in the streets or inside houses, and clubbed or bayoneted them to death. The 111th Battalion then reformed inside Dong Dang, where it was in reasonable cover from the Chinese on the limestone massif.
French attack on the limestone massif.
The 23rd Battalion, which had seen little of the battle so far, came up from its position on the French left wing to add its weight to the attack. Herbinger then led both line battalions forward up the slopes to the west of the massif. Schoeffer’s two Legion companies followed behind, still in support. Geil’s Tonkinese had charged with the 111th into Dong Dang, and Herbinger ordered them to secure Dong Dang while the French attacked the key point in the Chinese line.
Once the 111th Battalion moved out of Dong Dang, it again came under plunging fire from the summit of the massif. Again, men began to fall as the battalion scrambled up the slopes as fast as it could. Faure deployed the battalion’s four companies into skirmish order, with three companies up and one in support. The forward company on the right, closest to the Chinese positions, took the heaviest casualties, and 2nd Lieutenant Émile Portier was mortally wounded as it advanced. Despite its casualties the 111th pressed on up the slopes to the attack. Lieutenant de Colomb captured the foremost Chinese trench with his company, but resistance then stiffened and the entire battalion had to be thrown against the Chinese entrenchments before they were taken.
With the Chinese right wing falling back towards That Ke, the French proceeded to throw back the Chinese still holding out on the summit of the limestone massif. The 111th Battalion and the two supporting Legion companies had already reached the summit at its southern tip and now moved along its eastern edge, clearing the enemy from their vantage points above the Mandarin Road. Small parties of Chinese clung to several isolated rocks, but were soon prised out of these positions by the French infantry.
Mopping up operations.
It only remained to deal with a strong enemy force holding a hill just to the northeast of Dong Dang, which overlooked the entrance to the valley leading to the Chinese frontier and prevented the French from advancing up the Mandarin Road. Geil led his Tonkinese forward from Dong Dang to pin the Chinese frontally, de Saxcé’s battery occupied a hill just to the north of Pho Bu from which it could engage them at close range, and Lascombes and de Féraudy’s Legion companies began to work their way around their flank. Realising that their position would soon become untenable, the Chinese retreated before they could be forced from it.
With the enemy in full retreat either towards That Ke or back into China, de Négrier ordered the two foremost companies of Diguet’s battalion to remain in position astride the path to That Ke, the 111th Battalion to secure the limestone massif, and the rest of the brigade to close up on the village of Cua Ai and the Gate of China. The first units to reach the Gate of China were Brunet and Michel’s companies of Schoeffer’s battalion, which had left the 111th Battalion alone on the summit of the limestone massif and climbed back down to the plain. The gate itself was protected by two flanking forts and trenches had also been dug along the slopes of the neighbouring hills, but the Chinese troops occupying these defences had been brought forward during the battle to join their comrades around Dong Dang. When their lines broke, the French pursued them so closely that they were unable to rally in these positions. As a result, the legionnaires occupied the Gate of China and pushed on across the frontier into China without meeting any resistance. 
The rest of the brigade gradually came up to Cua Ai. Lascombes and de Féraudy’s companies, on the hills to the east of the Mandarin Road, made their way down into the Dong Dang valley and reached the Gate of China shortly after Schoeffer’s men. On the extreme right Schoeffer pulled in Gaucheron’s company, which had served as a flankguard for most of the afternoon. Finally, Geil’s Tonkinese riflemen and the 23rd Battalion followed the road. By nightfall the bulk of the 2nd Brigade was assembled at the Gate of China.
An important factor in the Chinese defeat at Dong Dang was the failure of the Chinese commander Pan Dingxin (潘鼎新) to concentrate his forces to meet the French attack. A sizeable contingent of fresh troops under the command of Feng Zicai (馮子才) was left to cover a border crossing several kilometres to the east of Dong Dang, and took no part in the battle.
Casualties.
French casualties at Dong Dang were light: 9 dead and 46 wounded.
Chinese casualties were far heavier, and included three Chinese generals. Pan Dingxin and Dong Ligao (董履高) were wounded (the latter seriously), and Yang Yuke (楊玉科) was killed.
The destruction of the Gate of China, 25 February 1885.
After clearing the Chinese from Tonkinese territory the French crossed briefly into Guangxi province. The news that the French were on Chinese soil caused panic in Longzhou (Lung-chou, 龍州) and other provincial towns close to the Vietnamese border. Many Chinese civilians left their homes and fled down the West River to take refuge from the invaders.
On 25 February the French blew up the 'Gate of China', an elaborate Chinese customs building on the Tonkin-Guangxi border at Zhennan Pass. De Négrier erected a wooden placard on the ruins of the Gate of China, inscribed in Chinese with the words 'It is not stone walls that protect frontiers, but the faithful execution of treaties'. The message was a pointed allusion to the Bac Le ambush in June 1884, in French eyes a treacherous violation by the Chinese of the terms of the Tientsin Accord, signed between France and China on 11 May 1884.
The 2nd Brigade was not strong enough to push on further into China, and de Négrier returned to Lang Son with the bulk of the brigade at the end of February. A small French garrison under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Herbinger was left at Dong Dang to watch the movements of the Guangxi Army.
Three weeks later the Chinese attacked the Dong Dang garrison, precipitating a series of events that led to the French defeat at the Battle of Bang Bo (24 March 1885).

</doc>
<doc id="20405721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405721" title="KTLV">
KTLV

KTLV (1220 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Gospel format. Licensed to Midwest City, Oklahoma, USA, the station serves the Oklahoma City area. The station is currently owned by First Choice Broadcasting.

</doc>
<doc id="20405729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405729" title="Lisa Singh">
Lisa Singh

Lisa Maria Singh (born 20 February 1972) is an Australian politician. She is an Australian Labor Party Senator for Tasmania. From 2006 to 2010, she was a Member of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, representing the division of Denison.
Singh is Australia's first federal parliamentarian of Indian origin.
Early life.
Singh was born 20 February 1972 in Hobart, Tasmania to a Fijian-Indian father and an English Australian mother. Her father arrived in Australia as an international student in 1963. Singh attended St Mary's College and Elizabeth College before leaving Tasmania to live and work in Melbourne, Sydney and Brisbane.
Singh returned to Tasmania to study at the University of Tasmania, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts with Honours. Singh became a mother to two sons whilst at university.
Career.
Following university, Singh worked in public relations and for the Australian Education Union as an industrial organiser. After joining the Australian Labor Party, Singh served on the Tasmanian ALP’s State Administrative Committee, as President of the New Town branch and as a delegate at state and national conferences.
From 1999–2001 Singh was as an adviser to Sue Mackay. Singh then became the Director of the Working Women's Centre in Tasmania where she campaigned for paid parental leave and equal pay. Singh is a member of Emily's List, serving on the National Executive of the organisation in Australia.
Singh became Hobart Citizen of the Year in 2004 for her work in the peace movement surrounding the Iraq war, especially in highlighting the plight of women and children in war.
Singh has also served as the President of the YWCA Tasmania, the President of the United Nations Association Tasmania and as a member of the Tasmania Women's Council. Singh was also Convenor of the Australian Republican Movement from 2004–2007. She subsequently managed the Tasmanian Government arts unit, "arts@work", before being pre-selected for the Australian Labor Party.
Election to Tasmanian Parliament.
Singh was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly as one of the five Members of the division of Denison in the March 2006 state election. Singh gave her inaugural speech on 18 March 2006. In August 2007, Singh abstained in a vote on a controversial Bill supporting Gunns' Bell Bay Pulp Mill supported by all fellow Labor MPs, after having failed in an appeal to then-Premier Paul Lennon for a conscience vote on the matter.
Singh became Parliamentary Secretary in early 2008. On 25 November 2008, then-Premier David Bartlett announced that Singh would enter Cabinet as Minister for Corrections and Consumer Protection, Minister for Workplace Relations and Minister Assisting the Premier on Climate Change. She was sworn in at a ceremony at Government House on 26 November 2008. As minister, Singh introduced legislative reforms in workers compensation, corrections and asbestos management.
Singh was defeated at the March 2010 state election. After her defeat, Singh co-founded the Asbestos Free Tasmania Foundation, an advocacy group to highlight the dangers of asbestos and support suffers of asbestos-related disease and became its first CEO.
Election to Australian Parliament.
Singh was elected to the Australian Senate in the 2010 federal election, making her the first person of South Asian descent to be elected to the Australian Parliament. She began her term in the Senate on 1 July 2011. She serves on a number of Parliamentary committees, including:
Singh convenes the cross-party Parliamentary Group on Asbestos Related Disease (PGARD) and the Parliamentary Friends of UNICEF. Within the Labor Government caucus, Singh has served as Caucus Liaison on the Australia in the Asian Century White Paper; is a Parliamentary co-Convenor of the national policy action caucus, Labor For an Australian Republic (LFAR); and Convenor of Labor Friends of Tourism.

</doc>
<doc id="20405751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405751" title="Astragalus pycnostachyus">
Astragalus pycnostachyus

Astragalus pycnostachyus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name marsh milkvetch. It is endemic to the coastline of California, where it grows in wet saline habitat such as marshes. 
Description.
The marsh milkvetch is a perennial herb forming a thick erect clump of hollow, woolly stems 40 to 90 centimeters tall. The leaves are up to 15 centimeters long and are made up of many narrow oval-shaped leaflets. The inflorescence is a cluster of many whitish to greenish flowers each up to a centimeter in length. 
The fruit is an inflated, papery legume pod with a small hooked beak at the tip.
Endangered Oxnard variety.
There are two varieties. One, the Ventura marsh milkvetch (var. "lanosissimus"), exists only in Oxnard, California, where one population of fewer than fifty individuals remain. Threats to its existence include near-total loss of habitat, infestation by weevils, cucumber mosaic virus infection, competition from non-native plants such as ice plant, and herbivory by the milk snail "Otala lactea". 
The single extant population of this rare plant variety is now fenced and protected. The variety is treated as an endangered species on the federal level.

</doc>
<doc id="20405756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405756" title="Carrier scattering">
Carrier scattering

Defect types include atom vacancies, adatoms, steps, and kinks which occur most frequently at surfaces due to finite material size causing crystal discontinuity. What all types of defects have in common, whether they be surface or bulk, is that they produce dangling bonds which have specific electron energy levels not similar to those of the bulk. This is because these states cannot be described with periodic Bloch waves due to the change in electron potential energy caused by the missing ion cores just outside of the surface. Hence, these are localized states which one must solve the Schrödinger equation for separately such that electron energies can be properly described. The break in periodicity results in a decrease in conductivity due to defect scattering.
Electronic Energy Levels of Semiconductor Dangling Bonds.
A simpler and more qualitative way of determining dangling bond energy levels is with Harrisson diagrams. Metals have non-directional bonding and a small Debye length which, due to their charged nature, makes dangling bonds inconsequential if they can even be considered to exist. Semiconductors are dielectrics so electrons can feel and become trapped at defect energy states. The energy levels of these states are determined by the atoms that make up the solid. Figure 1 shows the Harisson diagram for the elemental semiconductor Si. From left to right, s-orbital and p-orbital hybridization promotes sp3 bonding which, when multiple sp3 Si-Si dimers are combined to form a solid, defines the conduction and valence bands. If a vacancy were to exist, such as those on each atom at the solid/vacuum interface, it would result in at least one broken sp3 bond which has an energy equal to that of single self hybridized Si atoms as shown in Figure 1. This energy corresponds to roughly the middle of the bandgap of Si, ~0.55eV above the valence band. Certainly this is the most ideal case whereas the situation would be different if bond passivation (see below) and surface reconstruction, for example, were to occur. Experimentally, the energies of these states can be determined using absorption spectroscopy or X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, for example, if instrument sensitivity and/or defect density are high enough. 
Compound semiconductors, such as GaAs, have dangling bond states that are nearer to the band edges (see Figure 2). As bonding becomes increasingly more ionic, these states can even act as dopants. This is the cause of the well known difficulty of GaN p-type doping where N vacancies are abundant due to its high vapor pressure resulting in high Ga dangling bond density. These states are close to the conduction band edge and therefore act as donors. When p-type acceptor dopants are introduced, they are immediately compensated for by the N vacancies. With these shallow states, their treatment is often considered as an analogue to the hydrogen atom as follows for the case of either anion or cation vacancies (hole effective mass, m*, for cation and electron m* for anion vacancies). The binding energy, Ec-Edb, is 
formula_1
where U=-q2/(4πεεrr) is the electrostatic potential between an electron occupying the dangling bond and its ion core with ε, the free space permittivity constant, εr, the relative permittivity, and r the electron-ion core separation. The simplification that the electron translational energy, KE=-U/2, is due to the virial theorem for centrosymmetric potentials. As described by the Bohr model, r is subject to quantization
formula_2.
The electron momentum is p=mv=h/λ such that
formula_3
resulting in
formula_4
and
formula_5. This treatment loses accuracy as the defects tend away from either band edge.
Defect Scattering.
The dangling bond energy levels are eigenvalues of wavefunctions that describe electrons in the vicinity of the defects. In the typical consideration of carrier scattering, this corresponds to the final state in Fermi's Golden Rule of scattering frequency:
formula_6
with H' being the interaction parameter and the Dirac delta function, δ(Ef-Ei), indicating elastic scattering. The simple relation 1/τ= Σk',k Sk'k makes this a useful equation for characterizing material transport properties when used in conjunction with σ = ne2τ /m* and Matthiessen's rule to incorporate other scattering processes.
The value of Sk'k is primarily determined by the interaction parameter, H'. This term is different depending on whether shallow or deep states are considered. For shallow states, H' is the perturbation term of the redefined Hamiltonian H=Ho+H', with Ho having an eigenvalue energy of Ei. The matrix for this case is 
formula_7
where k' is the final state wavevector of which there is only one value since the defect density is small enough to not form bands (~<1010/cm2). Using the Poisson equation for Fourier periodic point charges, 
formula_8, 
gives the Fourier coefficient of the potential from a dangling bond Vq=e/(q2εεrV) where V is volume. This results in formula_9 
where qs is the Debye length wavevector correction due to charge screening. Then, the scattering frequency is 
formula_10 where n is the volumetric defect density. Performing the integration, utilizing |k|=|k'|, gives formula_11.
The above treatment falters when the defects are not periodic since dangling bond potentials are represented with a Fourier series. Simplifying the sum by the factor of n in Eq (10) was only possible due to low defect density. If every atom (or possibly every other) were to have one dangling bond, which is quite reasonable for a non-reconstructed surface, the integral on k' must also be performed. Due to the use of perturbation theory in defining the interaction matrix, the above assumes small values of H' or, shallow defect states close to band edges. Fortunately, Fermi's Golden Rule itself is quite general and can be used for deep state defects if the interaction between conduction electron and defect is understood well enough to model their interaction into an operator that replaces H'.
Experimental Measurements.
Determination of the extent these dangling bonds have on electrical transport can be experimentally observed fairly readily. By sweeping the voltage across a conductor (Figure 3), the resistance, and with a defined geometry, the conductivity of the sample can be determined. As mentioned before, σ = ne2τ /m*, where τ can be determined knowing n and m* from the Fermi level position and material band structure. Unfortunately, this value contains effects from other scattering mechanisms such as due to phonons. This gains usefulness when the measurement is used alongside Eq (11) where the slope of a plot of 1/τ versus n makes Ec-Edb calculable and the intercept determines 1/τ from all but defect scattering processes. This requires the assumption that phonon scattering (among other, possibly negligible processes) is independent of defect concentration.
In a similar experiment, one can just lower the temperature of the conductor (Figure 3) so that phonon density decreases to negligible allowing defect dominant resistivity. With this case, σ = ne2τ /m* can be used to directly calculate τ for defect scattering.
Passivation.
Surface defects can always be “passivated” with atoms to purposefully occupy the corresponding energy levels so that conduction electrons cannot scatter into these states (effectively decreasing n in Eq (10)). For example, Si passivation at the channel/oxide interface of a MOSFET with hydrogen (Figure 4) is a typical procedure to help reduce the ~1010 cm−2 defect density by up to a factor of 12 thereby improving mobility and, hence, switching speeds. Removal of intermediary states which would otherwise reduce tunneling barriers also decreases gate leakage current and increases gate capacitance as well as transient response. The effect is that the Si sp3 bonding becomes fully satisfied. The obvious requirement here is the ability for the semiconductor to oxidize the passivating atom or, Ec-Edb + χ > EI, with the semiconductor electron affinity χ and atom ionization energy EI.
Phonon Scattering.
We now consider carrier scattering with lattice deformations termed phonons. Consider the volumetric displacement such a propagating wave produces, formula_12, which consequently results in a time-dependent strain, formula_13 where a simple plane wave is used to describe the phonon propagation, formula_14. Displacement of atoms away from their equilibrium positions generally causes a change in the electronic band structure (Figure 5) where, for scattering, we are concerned with electrons in the conduction band with energy ~ECB, formula_15. The empirical parameter, ZDP, is termed the deformation potential and describes electron-phonon coupling strength. Multiplying by the phonon population (Bose-Einstein distribution, Nq) gives the total deformation potential, formula_16 (the reason for the root will be apparent below). Here, the + corresponds to phonon emission and – for phonon absorption during the scattering event. A note, because formula_17 for transverse phonons, only interactions with longitudinal phonons are non-zero. Therefore, the complete interaction matrix is formula_18 where the Kronecker delta enforces momentum conservation and arises from assuming the electronic wavefunctions (final state, <k'|, and initial state, |k>) are plane waves as well.
Acoustic Phonons.
Using Fermi's Golden Rule, the scattering rate for low energy acoustic phonons can be approximated. The interaction matrix for these phonons is formula_19with the phonon radial frequency ωq=cq, volume V, solid density ρ, and phonon group velocity c. Plugging this into Eq. 6 gives formula_20. With the assumptions that Nq»1, ħω«kT and g(E') ~ g(E) (which generally holds for 3D crystals since conduction electron energies are generally much greater than ħω and g(E) lacks any van Hove singularity) gives the scattering rate: formula_21 formula_22 formula_23 formula_24 where g(E) is the electronic density of states for which the 3-dimensional solution with parabolic dispersion was used to obtain the final answer.
Optical Phonons.
Typically, phonons in the optical branches of vibrational dispersion relationships have energies on the order of or greater than kT and, therefore, the approximations ħω«kT and Nq»1 cannot be made. Yet, a reasonable route that still provides a detour from dealing with complex phonon dispersions is using the Einstein model which states that only one phonon mode exists in solids. For optical phonons, this approximation turns out to be sufficient due to very little slope variation in ω(q) and, thus, we can claim ħω(q) ≅ ħω, a constant. Consequently, Nq is also a constant (only T dependent). The last approximation, g(E')=g(E±ħω) ~ g(E), cannot be made since ħω ~ E and there is no workaround for it, but the added complexity to the sum for τ is minimal.
The sum turns to the density of states at E' and the Bose-Einstein distribution can be taken out of the sum due to ħω(q) ≅ ħω.

</doc>
<doc id="20405762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405762" title="KREF">
KREF

KREF (1400 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Sports radio format. Licensed to Norman, Oklahoma, USA, the station serves the Oklahoma City area. The station is currently owned by Fox Broadcasting Co and features programing from Fox Sports Radio, Premiere Radio Networks and Westwood One.
FM Translator.
KREF is also broadcasts on the following FM translator:

</doc>
<doc id="20405788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405788" title="KZUE">
KZUE

KZUE (1460 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish variety format. Licensed to El Reno, Oklahoma, USA, the station serves the Oklahoma City area. The station is currently owned by La Tremenda Radio Mexico and uses programing from Univision Radio.
History.
The first call sign of the station was KELR. The radio equipment was installed in 1962. The call sign was changed to KCAN beginning on 3 November 1978. On 18 July 1985, the station changed its call sign to the current KZUE.
KZUE stood for "The Zoo". In the past, 102.7 had the call sign KZUE. In the spirit of the old KZUE on 102.7, the initial format as KZUE was a form of popular rock and roll. The format did not last long. The station was then sold to Nancy Galvan who changed the station to become the first Spanish-language station in the Metropolitan Oklahoma City area.
1460 was the second station standard-band (AM) to be licensed to El Reno. KCHE, which was started in 1948 on 1500 and moved to 1590 in 1949, ceased operations by 1951. KCHE was not affiliated in any way with the present 1460 radio station.

</doc>
<doc id="20405794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405794" title="Schiele in Prison">
Schiele in Prison

Schiele in Prison is a 1980 British independent film directed by Mick Gold and starring David Suchet as Gustav Klimt, Grant Cathro as Egon Schiele and Nicholas Selby as The Judge. The film dramtises the imprisonment of Schiele in Neulengbach in 1911, and looks at the authenticity of Schile's prison diary, which was published after his death.
The film was funded and produced by the Film Office of the Arts Council of Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="20405825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405825" title="Lists of ships">
Lists of ships

This is a list of the lists of ships on Wikipedia - a meta-list. It is not intended to hold details of any individual ship within this meta-list.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ship_launches_in_1893

</doc>
<doc id="20405837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405837" title="Theta meson">
Theta meson

The theta meson () is a hypothetical form of quarkonium (i.e. a flavourless meson) formed by a top quark and top antiquark. It is the equivalent of the phi (strange quark, strange antiquark), psi (charm quark, charm antiquark) and upsilon (bottom quark, bottom antiquark) mesons. Due to the top quark's shortlifetime, the theta meson is not expected to be observed in nature.

</doc>
<doc id="20405839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405839" title="Amazon Payments">
Amazon Payments

Amazon Payments, Inc., is a wholly owned subsidiary of Amazon.com that provides a means to process transactions online. Launched in 2007, Amazon Payments uses the consumer base of Amazon.com and focuses on giving users the same checkout experience available on Amazon.com.
Amazon Payments has several products for consumers, businesses, and developers.
Consumers.
Online purchases.
Amazon Payments is a way for customers to purchase goods and services from US based websites using the payment methods in their Amazon.com accounts, such as their Visa or MasterCard. (Currently Amazon.com and Amazon Payments will not accept payment methods such as PayPal or Google Checkout.) At participating vendors, which include Patagonia and Jockey, users can check out using their Amazon account information without needing to re-enter credit card numbers or shipping addresses. Users can also check out with Amazon's 1 Click.
Businesses.
Checkout by Amazon.
Checkout by Amazon (CBA) is an e-commerce solution that allows US based web merchants to accept Amazon account information and use Amazon for payment processing. CBA can manage several aspects of the transaction including order processing, promotional discounts, shipping rates, sales tax calculation, and up-selling. Depending upon the needs of the merchant, CBA can be integrated into the merchant's systems with manual processing (through Seller Central) or through SOAP APIs or downloadable CSV files. CBA also claims to reduce bad debt because of Amazon's fraud detection capabilities.
Amazon Simple Pay.
Amazon Simple Pay (ASP) is a set of payment-only products that allows US based web merchants to accept Amazon account information and use Amazon for payment-only processing. ASP differs from CBA in that ASP does not handle additional capabilities associated with order processing such as promotions, tax & shipping, and so on.
Amazon PayPhrase.
Amazon PayPhrase was a recent addition to Amazon Payments which allowed customers to check out by typing their PayPhrase and their PIN without having to enter any shipping or credit card information. It was accepted at Amazon.com as well as at certain retailers, including Buy.com and J&R Music and Computers. PayPhrase's claim of being additionally secure is controversial.
Amazon PayPhrase was discontinued on February 20, 2012.
Amazon Acquisition of GoPago.
Amazon recently acquired GoPago’s technology (mPayment) and hired their engineering and product teams. Amazon was interested in the mobile payment business. GoPago’s app allows shoppers to order and pay for goods and services before they arrive at a business.
Security.
In September 22, 2010, Amazon published a security advisory regarding a security flaw in its Amazon Payments SDKs. This flaw allows a malicious shopper to shop for free in web stores using those SDKs. Amazon mandated all web stores to upgrade to its new SDKs before Nov. 1, 2010. Amazon acknowledged security researcher Rui Wang for finding this bug. The detail of the flaw is documented in the paper "How to Shop for Free Online - Security Analysis of Cashier-as-a-Service Based Web Stores" by Rui Wang, Shuo Chen, XiaoFeng Wang, and Shaz Qadeer.

</doc>
<doc id="20405850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405850" title="KMFS">
KMFS

KMFS (1490 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Gospel format. Licensed to Guthrie, Oklahoma, USA, the station serves the Oklahoma City area. The station is currently owned by Family Worship Center Church.

</doc>
<doc id="20405890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405890" title="Insubordination Fest">
Insubordination Fest

Insubordination Fest is an American annual punk rock music festival held in Baltimore, Maryland, that usually takes place over three days, in late June.
The festival started in 2006 as a tenth-anniversary showcase for Insubordination Records, and has been held every summer since. In the past, the festival has been headlined by bands such as Dillinger Four, Less Than Jake, The Mr. T Experience, The Queers and Teenage Bottlerocket.
Lineups by year.
2007.
July 5–7, The Sidebar (Thursday) and The Ottobar (Friday and Saturday)
2008.
June 26–28, The Ottobar (Thursday Pre-show), Recher Theater (Friday) and Sonar (Saturday)
2009.
June 25–27, The Ottobar (Thursday Pre-show) and Sonar (Friday and Saturday)
2010.
June 24–26, The Ottobar (Thursday Pre-show) and Sonar (Friday and Saturday)
2011.
August 11–13, The Ottobar
2012.
June 21–23, The Ottobar
2013.
June 27–29, The Ottobar
CD/DVDs.
During 2007, a live CD/DVD was released compiling various performances from that year's festival. Additionally CD/DVD sets where released compiling the entirety of some bands set that year including The AV Club, Dead Mechanical, The Guts, The Leftovers, Paper Dragons, Short Attention, The Steinways, Varsity Weirdos and Wimpy Rutherford.

</doc>
<doc id="20405892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405892" title="KZLS (AM)">
KZLS (AM)

KZLS (1640 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an News/Talk format. Licensed to Enid, Oklahoma, USA, the station is currently owned by Chisholm Trail Broadcasting Co.
History.
The station was assigned the call letters KBFQ on May 15, 1998. In June 2000, the station changed its call sign to KMMZ and a few months later on November 24, 2000 to KMKZ. The station then reverted to KMMZ on September 15, 2003 and on February 16, 2004 became KFNY. On March 30, 2005, the station became KFXY, and then took on the current KOAG call sign on January 1, 2013. On September 27, 2013, the sister station 99.7 switch to 1640 changing the call letters to KZLS. On February 19, 2014 will have a News/Talk format. 

</doc>
<doc id="20405906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405906" title="Briše, Kamnik">
Briše, Kamnik

Briše is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik] in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20405923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405923" title="KXCA">
KXCA

KXCA (1050 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a sports format. Licensed to Lawton, Oklahoma, USA, the station serves the Lawton area. The station is currently owned by Perry Broadcasting of Lawton and features programing from ABC Radio.

</doc>
<doc id="20405944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405944" title="KKRX">
KKRX

KKRX (1380 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an urban adult contemporary format. Licensed to Lawton, Oklahoma, USA, the station serves the Lawton area. The station is currently owned by Perry Broadcasting of Southwest Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="20405950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405950" title="Astragalus rattanii">
Astragalus rattanii

Astragalus rattanii is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Rattan's milkvetch. It is endemic to northern California, where it grows in the North Coast Ranges. 
This is a hairy annual herb with thin stems growing up to 30 centimeters long. The leaves are a few centimeters long and made up of a few oval-shaped leaflets. 
The inflorescence is a head of 2 to 10 flowers which are pinkish purple in color with paler tips. This fruit is a cylindrical legume pod up to 6 centimeters long with a sharp, pointed beak at the end. 

</doc>
<doc id="20405957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405957" title="Mobile translation">
Mobile translation

Mobile translation is a machine translation service for 
hand-held devices, including mobile telephones, Pocket PCs, and 
PDAs. It relies on computer programming 
in the sphere of computational linguistics and the device's 
communication means (Internet connection or SMS) to work. Mobile 
translation provides hand-held device users with the advantage of 
instantaneous and non-mediated translation from one human language to 
another, usually against a service fee that is, nevertheless, 
significantly smaller than a human translator charges.
Mobile translation is part of the new range of services offered to 
mobile communication users, including location positioning (GPS 
service), e-wallet (mobile banking), business card/bar-code/text 
scanning etc.
History.
A translation system allowing the Japanese to 
exchange conversations with foreign nationals through mobile phones was first developed in 1999 by the Advanced 
Telecommunications Research Institute International-Interpreting 
Telecommunications Research Laboratories, based in Kansai Science City, 
Japan. Words spoken into the mobile device are translated into the 
target language and then sent as voice to the other user's mobile 
phone.
Machine translation software for handheld devices featuring translation capabilities for user-input text, SMS and email, was commercially released in 2004 by Transclick and a patent was issued to Transclick for SMS, email and IM translation in 
2006. 
In November 2005, another Japanese company, NEC Corporation, 
announced the development of a translation system that could be loaded 
in mobile phones. This mobile translation system could recognize 50,000 
Japanese words and 30,000 English words, and could be used for simple 
translations when travelling. However, it was not until January 2009 that NEC Corporation officially demonstrated their product.
Technological advances within the miniaturization of computing and communication devices have made possible the usage of mobile telephones in language learning. Among the early projects were the Spanish study programs which included vocabulary practice, quizzes, and word and phrase translations. Soon after, projects were developed using mobile phones to teach English at a Japanese university. By 2005, they shifted their focus to providing vocabulary instruction by SMS. A similar program was 
created for learning Italian in Australia. Vocabulary phrases, quizzes, and short sentences were sent via SMS.
Now, Google Translate is the online translation leader. See also Infoscope, which is a handheld device composed of a digital camera and wireless internet access, developed at IBM's Almaden Research Center.
Specifics.
In order to support the machine translation service, a mobile device needs to be able to communicate with external computers (servers) that receive the user-input text/speech, translate it and send it back to the user. This is usually done via an Internet connection (WAP, GPRS, EDGE, UMTS, Wi-Fi) but some earlier applications used SMS to communicate with the translation server.
Mobile translation is not to be confused for the user-editable (talking) dictionaries and phrase books that are already widespread and available for many hand-held devices and do not normally require internet connectivity on the mobile device.
Features.
Mobile translation may include a number of useful features, auxiliary to text translation which forms the basis of the service. While the user can input text using the device keyboard, they can also use pre-existing text in the form of email or SMS messages received on the user's device (email/SMS translation). It is also possible to send a translated message, optionally containing the source text as well as the translation.
Some mobile translation applications also offer additional services that further facilitate the translated communication process, such as:
may be transformed into human speech (by a computer that renders the 
voice of a native speaker of the target language);
will record the speech and send it to the translation server to convert 
into text before translating it;
device camera) of some printed text (a road sign, a restaurant menu, a 
page of a book etc.), have the application send it to the translation 
server which will apply Optical Character Recognition (OCR) 
technology, extract the text, return it to the user for editing (if 
necessary) and then translate it into the chosen language.
combination and then get connected automatically to a live interpreter.
Supported languages.
Recently, there has been a notable increase of the number of language 
pairs offered for automatic translation on mobile devices. While 
Japanese service providers traditionally offer cross-translation for 
Japanese, Chinese, English and Korean, others may offer translation from and into over 20 languages, or over 200 language pairs, including most Latin languages.
Speech generation is, however, limited to a smaller portion of the above, including English, Spanish, Italian, French, Chinese etc.). Image translation depends on the OCR languages available.
Advantages.
Having portable real-time automated translation at one's disposal has a 
number of practical uses and advantages.
foreign customers using mobile translation saves time and finances, and 
is instantaneous. Real time mobile translation is a much lower cost 
alternative to multilingual call centres using human translators. 
Networking within multinational teams may also be greatly facilitated 
using the service.
chatting and text messaging with friends at an international level. New 
friends and associates could be made by overcoming the language barrier.
easier and less expensive using a mobile device equipped with real time 
machine translation. Statistics reveal that most college students own 
mobile phones and find that learning a foreign language via mobile phone
the portability of mobile phones makes it convenient for the foreign 
language learners to study outside the classroom in any place and in 
their own time.
Challenges and disadvantages.
Advances of mobile technology and of the machine translation services 
have helped reduce or even eliminate some of the disadvantages of mobile
the one-finger keyboarding. Many new hand-held devices come equipped 
with a QWERTY keyboard and/or a touch-sensitive screen, as well as 
handwriting recognition which significantly increases typing speed. 
After 2006, most new mobile phones and 
devices began featuring large screens with greater 
resolutions of 640 x 480 px, 854 x 480 px, or even 1024 x 480 
px, which gives 
the user enough visible space to read/write large texts. In 2011, the 
so-called "hybrid translation technology", was
which relies in large part on crowd-sourced language data.
However, the most important challenge facing the mobile translation 
industry is the linguistic and communicative quality of the 
translations. Although some providers claim to have achieved an accuracy
“understanding” idioms and slang language, machine translation is still 
distinctly of lower quality than human translation and should be used 
with care if the matters translated require correctness. 
A disadvantage that needs mentioning is the requirement for a stable 
Internet connection on the user's mobile device. Since the SMS method of
that sending packets of data – because of the message length limit (160 
characters) and the higher cost of SMS as compared with Internet traffic
coverage in some non-urban areas is still unstable.

</doc>
<doc id="20405959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20405959" title="Biomachining">
Biomachining

Biomachining is the machining process of using lithotropic bacteria to remove material from metal parts, contrasted with chemical machining methods such as chemical milling and physical machining methods such as milling. Certain bacteria, such as Thiobacillus ferrooxidans and Thiobacillus thiooxidans, which are also used in the mineral refinement process of bioleaching, utilize the chemical energy from oxidation of iron or copper to fix carbon dioxide from the air. A metal object, when placed in a culture fluid containing these metal-metabolizing bacteria, will have material removed from its surface over time.
Biomachining is ideal for micromachining due to its very low material removal rate. In addition, biomachining is less likely to leave an undesirable surface finish; neither chemical nor physical energy is concentrated on the cutting area, so the possibility of a damaged or burned surface is slim.
This process has been successfully used to cut both pure iron and pure copper.
Process.
Biomachining is performed in a manner similar to chemical milling: the area to be cut is marked out as a negative image with an inert maskant, used to protect the areas that are not to be cut. The part is then dipped into a bath of culture fluid, which is kept at a precise temperature and stirred throughout the process. Laboratory experiments on the subject have determined that the depth of any cuts produced increases as the stirring rate increases; this depth is also affected by the temperature of the process.

</doc>
<doc id="20406069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406069" title="Astragalus sabulonum">
Astragalus sabulonum

Astragalus sabulonum is a species of milkvetch known by the common name gravel milkvetch. It is native to the Southwestern United States and California, from desert to mountain habitats. 
This is a hairy annual herb with stems up to about 26 centimeters long. Leaves are a few centimeters long and are made up of several hairy oval-shaped leaflets. The inflorescence is an open array of 2 to 7 off-white to pale lilac flowers each less than a centimeter in length. 
The fruit is a curved, leathery, hairy legume pod up to 2 centimeters long. 

</doc>
<doc id="20406095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406095" title="Hollywood EP">
Hollywood EP

Hollywood EP is an EP by Australian folk duo Angus & Julia Stone. It features the single "Hollywood" from "A Book Like This", as well as three re-recorded songs from that album.
"All the Colours" and "Johnny and June" are new versions of "Wasted" and "Hollywood", respectively, with Angus singing. "Lonely Hands" is Julia's version "Just a Boy".
All three re-done versions appear on 'Red Berries', the 2010 bonus disc for "Down the Way".

</doc>
<doc id="20406131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406131" title="Regino Garcia">
Regino Garcia

Regino Garcia y Basa (1840 – 16 July 1916) was a Filipino artist, botanist and forester. He was also a printing instructor at the University of Santo Tomas and director of walks, gardens and parks for Manila. He is noted for being one of the botanical illustrators who produced plates for Francisco Manuel Blanco's "Flora de Filipinas", the illustrated version of which was published in Manila between 1877 and 1883. 

</doc>
<doc id="20406138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406138" title="Junior High School (film)">
Junior High School (film)

Junior High School is a 1978 musical featurette starring P. David Ebersole as Jerry Sanders. The film chronicles the first day of term at a dramatized school of seventh and eighth graders, and consists of seven songs along with several dance numbers. The only member of the cast to become well-known later is Paula Abdul, though she played a relatively minor role in the film.
Plot.
The story begins with Sherry (Paula Abdul) declaring plans to hold a party that night. Upon hearing about this party, Jerry's friend Paul (Kirk Burnett) encourages him to ask his crush Lori Scott (Karen Capelle) to accompany him to the event. On his way to doing this Jerry encounters several obstacles, including repeated run-ins with Keith (Mikal Robert Taylor), a school bully, and Vicki (Toni Mazarin), an ill-intentioned girl who hopes Jerry will ask her to the party so she can spite a previous boyfriend.

</doc>
<doc id="20406155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406155" title="Buč">
Buč

Buč (in older sources also "Beč", ) is a small settlement on the Nevljica River in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It includes the hamlets of Brezovica (), Vetrnik, and Smrtna Vas ().
Name.
Buč was attested in written sources in 1400 as "Futsch" (and as "Fuczsch" in 1444, "Zhetsch" in 1477, and "dorff Watscha" in 1495). In the local dialect, the settlement is known as "Bəč". The name "Buč" is related to the Slovene common noun "beč" '(stone- or wood-lined) hollow with a spring' (< "*bъťъ"), referring to a local geographical feature. The Slavic word "*bъťъ" was borrowed from Latin "buttis" 'barrel' and is also the origin of the Slovene toponyms "Beč" and "Bač". This name form with "-u-" is based on old transcriptions and also labialization of the semivowel after initial "b-". In the 19th century the German name was "Butsch".

</doc>
<doc id="20406184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406184" title="Warlord (manhua)">
Warlord (manhua)

Warlord (Chinese: 武神, Cantonese: Mou San, "Mo Son", pinyin: Wǔ Shēn, lit. "God of War") is the manhua comics written by Wan Yuet Lung, drawn by Tang Chi Fai.
Plot.
In the year 7067AD, the earth experienced numerous battles, and because of these wars the world population was reduced to 500,000 people. Many cultural relics disappeared, the raw materials for making weapons has run out 1000 years after Baak Saunaam died and people only respect the strength of the Wargods to protect them. The Wargods are not only on Earth but on the Moon, Mars, and Saturn as well.
During this time, the extremely talented are called Wargods. Wargods who lose to any other Wargod will be taken races, so those who aren't under the protection of Wargods, or can't request the favour of Wargods, put the hope in the book of legend written 5000 years ago. No one understands the words written in the book, they only know the spell of the book is . In spite of the lack of understanding, the writing's rumor is transmitted generation to generation . 
Because of knowing Mou Naam of the Fung tribe, the Wargod Ming Dou knows how to read the book, so the Wargod Saam-ngaan of the Three-Eyes tribe has been trying to kill Mou Naam. This is the start of the battle between the Good and Evil Wargods.
This is a truth that even a deity can not change - no one can change, because the nature of life is this: that Good and Evil always coexist, and when a conflict is resolved, other conflicts appear.
Series.
Prequels
Warlord
Sequels
Sidestories

</doc>
<doc id="20406189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406189" title="Cirkuše v Tuhinju">
Cirkuše v Tuhinju

Cirkuše v Tuhinju is a small settlement in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Cirkuše" to "Cirkuše v Tuhinju" in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20406212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406212" title="Astragalus shevockii">
Astragalus shevockii

Astragalus shevockii is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common names Little Kern milkvetch and Shevock's milkvetch. It is endemic to Tulare County, California, where it grows in the High Sierra, generally on granite-based soils in Jeffrey pine forests.
Description.
"Astragalus shevockii" is a slender perennial herb producing thin, hard, hairy stems up to 35 centimeters long. The leaves are a few centimeters in length and are made up of several widely spaced oval-shaped leaflets. The inflorescence is an open cluster of up to 13 cream-colored flowers each about a centimeter long. 
The fruit is a hairy, papery legume pod 1 to 3 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="20406218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406218" title="Léon-Alfred Opimbat">
Léon-Alfred Opimbat

Léon-Alfred Opimbat (born 1950?) is a Congolese politician who has served in the government of Congo-Brazzaville as Minister of Sports since 2011. Previously he was Minister of Health from 1992 to 1993 and Minister of National Solidarity and Humanitarian Action from 1997 to 2002, with additional responsibility for the health portfolio beginning in 1999. Subsequently he was a Deputy in the National Assembly from 2002 to 2007 and again from 2007 to 2011. He was also President of the New Democratic Forces (FDN), a political party, from 2007 to 2011; when the FDN merged itself into the ruling Congolese Labour Party (PCT) in July 2011, Opimbat became a member of the PCT Political Bureau and was then appointed as Minister of Sports and Physical Education in August 2011.
Political career.
Opimbat studied in France at the University of Caen and received a degree in medicine. In Congo-Brazzaville, he worked as chief medical officer in charge of health and social services at Marien Ngouabi University in Brazzaville and in a similar capacity at the National Electrical Company.
In the June–July 1992 parliamentary election, Opimbat was first elected to the National Assembly as a candidate in the Mbomo constituency of Cuvette-Ouest Region. In the power-sharing government of Prime Minister Claude Antoine Dacosta, which was appointed on 25 December 1992 and served until after the mid-1993 parliamentary election, Opimbat was Minister of Health, Population, and Social Affairs.
Following the June–October 1997 civil war, Opimbat, who was President of the Congolese Association for Openness, Salvation and Solidarity (ACOSS), was appointed to the government as Minister of National Solidarity, the Displaced and the Victims of War, in charge of Humanitarian Action, on 2 November 1997. He was subsequently moved to the post of Minister of Health, Solidarity, and Humanitarian Action on 12 January 1999.
In the May 2002 parliamentary election, Opimbat was elected to the National Assembly as the ACOSS candidate in Mbomo constituency; he won the seat in the first round with 59.08% of the vote. Following the election, he was not included in the government that was appointed on 18 August 2002; Alain Moka was appointed to replace him as Minister of Health, and Moka succeeded Opimbat in that post on 22 August. Opimbat was then chosen as President of the National Assembly's Foreign Affairs and Cooperation Commission on 24 August 2002. The newspaper "Le Choc" reported on 20 July 2004 that Opimbat, together with a minister and two other former ministers, had been barred from leaving the country without Sassou Nguesso's approval due to suspicions that they had misused public funds. This report was denied on the next day by public prosecutor Georges Akiéra.
In March 2007, ACOSS agreed to merge with several other parties to create a new party, the New Democratic Forces (FDN). At the FDN's constitutive congress (19–21 April 2007), Opimbat was chosen to jointly head the FDN's National Executive Bureau together with Jean-Marie Tassoua, and on 15 May he and Tassoua signed an electoral agreement on behalf of the FDN with the governing Congolese Labour Party (PCT).
In the June–August 2007 parliamentary election, Opimbat was the FDN candidate in Mbomo constituency, but in the first round of the election, held on 24 June 2007, he was defeated by Jean Matamaya, the candidate of the Movement for Solidarity and Development (MSD), who won a narrow majority with about 52% of the vote. Opimbat rejected this result and filed an appeal with the Constitutional Court; on 26 October 2007, the Constitutional Court ruled in his favor, ordering that the election be held over again in Mbomo. In the revote, held on 7 December 2007, Opimbat won the seat. He thus became one of three FDN deputies in the National Assembly.
As of 2008, Opimbat is a member of the National Coordination of the Rally of the Presidential Majority (RMP), a large coalition of parties supporting President Denis Sassou Nguesso. During the campaign for the 12 July 2009 presidential election, Opimbat worked on President Sassou Nguesso's re-election campaign, heading its health department.
After several years of dual leadership alongside Tassoua, Opimbat was elected as the sole President of the FDN at its First Ordinary Congress on 2–3 May 2010. On that occasion, he reaffirmed the party's participation in the RMP coalition and said that the FDN was a social democratic party.
The FDN merged itself into the ruling PCT in July 2011, on the occasion of the PCT's Sixth Extraordinary Congress. At the congress, Opimbat was elected to the PCT's 51-member Political Bureau. He was then appointed to the government as Minister of Sports and Physical Education as part of a minor reshuffle on 17 August 2011.
In the July 2012 parliamentary election, Opimbat was re-elected to the National Assembly as the PCT candidate in Mbomo constituency; he won the seat in the first round of voting, receiving 100% of the vote. He was retained in his post as Minister of Sports and Physical Education in the government that was appointed on 25 September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20406246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406246" title="Johannes Andersen">
Johannes Andersen

Johannes Andersen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20406266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406266" title="Kapuas">
Kapuas

Kapuas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20406274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406274" title="I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter">
I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter

"I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter" is a 1962 single by Connie Francis, released in that December to peak at #18 on both the "Billboard" Hot 100 and the "Cash Box" Top 100. The song reached #22 UK in December 2008 via a remake by Gabriella Cilmi titled "Warm This Winter".
Connie Francis version.
Background.
"I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter" was written by Mark Barkan with Hank Hunter. Hunter wrote several songs recorded by Connie Francis including her Top Ten singles "Second Hand Love" and "Vacation".
Connie Francis had previously had a seasonally themed hit single with the December 1961 release "Baby's First Christmas" and although she would not have a single released December 1963 her hit "Blue Winter" would be released January 1964.
Recording.
The original track and two introductions for "I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter" was recorded with producer Danny Davis in New York City on September 13 1962: the orchestral arrangement for the session was by Bill Ramal whose credits included the arrangement for the Del Shannon hit "Runaway". The session personnel included drummer Gary Chester. Besides the original intro: "We met at a ski lodge/ And we fell in love", Francis recorded a distinct intro for the track's UK release: "We met on a winter day/ And we fell in love", the reasoning being that the "ski lodge" reference would fail to resonate in the UK that nation having virtually no facilities for skiing. Francis overdubbed a harmony vocal in a November 3 session also produced by Davis: although Francis is known for her double-vocal recordings, "I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter" is one of very few tracks on which Francis is self-harmonied throughout. 
US release.
"I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter" was issued in the US at the beginning of December 1962: Francis promoted the track on the December 13 broadcast of "American Bandstand" marking Francis first appearance on the show since 1958. "I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter" reached the Top 20 in a number of regional markets generally peaking outside the Top Ten, although the track was especially successful in Seattle reaching #4 and #5 on the hit parades of respectively KOL and KJR in January 1963. The national peak of #18 was reached in both "Billboard" and "Cashbox" on their respective singles charts dated January 26 1963. 
In January 1963 the original B-side of "I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter": "Al di là", picked up enough airplay to reach #90 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 (#87 in "Cash Box"). 
"I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter" made its album debut on "The Very Best of Connie Francis" compilation album release in September 1963. 
International release.
In the UK "I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter" spent a single week in the Top 50 appearing at #48 on the chart dated December 22 1962 marking Francis' final UK chart appearance for almost three years. "I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter" reached #1 in Hong Kong in February 1963; also in early 1963 the track reached #9 in Australia, to become Francis' final Top 20 hit in that nation, and #28 in the Netherlands. 
In its international release "I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter" retained "Al di là" as its B-side in some territories including Australia while in some other territories - including the UK - the B-side of "I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter" was "Pretty Little Baby". Two territories had evidently unique releases of Francis' "I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter": in New Zealand the track had Francis' rendition of "I Walk the Line" as its flip with neither side marked A-side or B-side, while in Sweden "I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter" was made a B-side to "Playin' Games" which afforded Francis a #17 hit in April 1963. (Recorded in the same September 13 1962 recording session as "I"m Gonna Be Warm This Winter" and likewise a Barkan-Hunter composition, "Playin' Games" was issued in territories other than Sweden - including the UK - with "I Was Such a Fool" - Francis' precedent US A-side release to "I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter" - as B-side.)
Non-English versions.
"I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter" is one of the few Connie Francis hits remade by the singer in French, that rendering titled "L'Amour Est Un Cadeau Du Ciel" being recorded February 10 1963. Unlike the English original, both single vocal and harmony vocal versions of the French interpretation were marketed in Canada and France. In June 1963 Francis overdubbed a Japanese vocal on the track of "I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter" with the resultant track entitled 想い出の冬休み (romanized spelling: Omoide No Fuyuyasumi) (Winter of '42); Francis had overdubbed an Italian vocal on the track of "I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter" on February 25 1963 with the resultant track: "Sul monti blu" (The blue mountains) never being released.
1989 version.
"I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter" was one of seventeen Connie Francis hits which the singer remade for her 1989 album "Where the Hits Are" a Roger Hawkins production recorded for Malaco Records at Muscle Shoals Sound Studios. "I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter" was the lowest-charting hit remade for the album with the exception of "If I Didn't Care" (#22).
Gabriella Cilmi version.
In 2008 The Co-operative Food had Australian singer Gabriella Cilmi remake the song — re-titled "Warm This Winter" — to be played during the company's advertising aired over the holiday season. The track was also played heavily in the Co-operative's stores. 
Cilmi's version uses neither of the opening lines from the two intros recorded by Connie Francis instead opening with the lyric: "We met in the winter". An instrumental version of the song continues to be used in advertisements during the non-holiday period (generally February to October).
Included in the deluxe edition release of Cilmi's "Lessons to Be Learned" album - the deluxe edition being released November 24 2008 - "Warm This Winter" was made available on December 15 2008 as an exclusive digital download track to peak at #22 on the UK Singles Chart dated December 27 2008, outranking Cilmi's precedent physical single "Sanctuary" which had failed to chart in the UK. "Warm This Winter" also bested the #33 UK peak of Cilmi's single "Save the Lies".
The track received enough downloads during the 2009 holiday season to reenter the UK Top 100 Singles chart for three weeks with a #94 peak. Also in 2009 Cilmi's "Warm This Winter" appeared in a TV ad for Orange Romania while in 2011 the track was utilized by Virgin Mobile in their North American TV ad campaign.
Other versions.
Bobby Rydell recorded "I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter" for his February 1963 album release "All the Hits Volume 2" which comprised covers of recent hits, including "Loop de Loop" by Johnny Thunder: Rydell's version of "Loop de Loop" was issued as a single in Europe with his version of "I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter" as B-side, and "Loop de Loop" did afford Rydell a hit in the Netherlands - ranked as high as #4 in tandem with the Johnny Thunder version - and also on the Dutch charts for Belgium there ranking at #12.
Bunnygrunt recorded the song - as "I Am Gonna Be Warm This Winter" - for the 1997 multi-artist album "Christmas in Stereo".
A competing version of 想い出の冬休み (romanized spelling: Omoide No Fuyuyasumi), Connie Francis' Japanese rendering of "I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter", was recorded by Mieko Hirota in June 1963. Another Japanese rendering: おしゃれ泥棒 (romanized spelling: Oshare Dorobou) (Fashionable thief) was recorded by Wink for their 1989 "" album release.
Mexican singer Leda Moreno recorded a Spanish-language rendering of "I"m Gonna Be Warm This Winter": "Muchacho de ojos verdes" (boy with green eyes), in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="20406285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406285" title="Češnjice v Tuhinju">
Češnjice v Tuhinju

Češnjice v Tuhinju ( or "Kerschstetten") is a village in the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Češnjice" to "Češnjice v Tuhinju" in 1953. In the 19th century the German name was "Kerschdorf" or "Kerschstetten".

</doc>
<doc id="20406293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406293" title="Thiel Audio">
Thiel Audio

Thiel Audio is a privately held high performance loudspeaker (hi-end audio) manufacturer headquartered and established in Lexington, Kentucky. Thiel Audio products are distributed to over 30 countries spanning the globe. All their products are designed and built in their facility located in Lexington. The former president of Thiel Audio was Kathy Gornik, who is also the chairman of the Consumer Electronics Association. 
History.
Thiel Audio was formed by three college friends, including Jim Thiel, Tom Thiel, and Kathy Gornik, who started in 1976 with equipment in Thiel's garage on Georgetown Road in Lexington. Thiel Audio was formed with $25,000 borrowed from Thiel's parents, Gornik's parents and some friends. Jim Thiel graduated from the University of Kentucky in 1968, majoring in physics. Thiel Audio first exhibited at the Consumer Electronics Show in 1977, which is the year in which the company is often cited as being founded.
Tom Thiel was a skilled woodworker, and would build the speaker boxes. Their first hi-fi product was a two-way speaker with an equalizer to give it high-quality bass response. Jim soon realized that he would need someone to do the sales part of the business, so he asked Kathy Gornik who lived in Washington DC to sell them there. She agreed and sold over 2,000 speakers in the first nine months. Thiel and Gornik are considered to be good partners due to Thiel's good engineering skills and Gornik's good salesperson skills. 
In March 2006, Thiel unveiled the Thiel CS 3.7, a high performance speaker in the Middle East, an event hosted by Emirates Computers, one of Dubai's leading technology companies. 
In 2007, Thiel Audio announced that it will offer its high performance line of loudspeakers in Crutchfield retail stores, the Crutchfield site, and through their catalogs. At the time, the primary lineup that Thiel was to offer through Crutchfield was priced from about $990 to $5,450. Thiel's products in general range from about $990 to $6,450.
In 2012, Thiel Audio was sold to a private equity company in Nashville, and later that year, Gornik was replaced as President of the company.
Jim Thiel died of cancer on September 17, 2009.
Awards.
Thiel Audio has won many awards, including the International Consumer Electronics Show Innovations Design and Engineering Award, for which Thiel has been honored 22 times, and the Image Hi-Fi speaker of the millennium award in 2000. Thiel has also won BizRate's coveted "Circle of Excellence" award seven times.

</doc>
<doc id="20406311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406311" title="Astragalus subvestitus">
Astragalus subvestitus

Astragalus subvestitus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Kern County milkvetch.
Distribution.
It is endemic to California, where it grows in sagebrush habitat on the slopes of the Sierra Nevada in Kern and Tulare Counties.
Description.
"Astragalus subvestitus" is small, hairy, mat-forming perennial herb producing stems no longer than 8 centimeters. The leaves are a few centimeters long and made up of several hairy oval-shaped leaflets. The small inflorescence holds a few purple-tinged white flowers each just over a centimeter in length. 
The fruit is a papery legume pod covered in short, curly white hairs and bearing a triangular beak at the tip.

</doc>
<doc id="20406317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406317" title="Matthew Porretta">
Matthew Porretta

Matthew Charles Porretta (born May 29, 1965) is an American television and film actor.
Life and career.
Porretta was born in Darien, Connecticut, into a show-biz family: his father, Frank II, is a trained opera singer and accomplished actor. His mother, Roberta, is also a trained singer and was Miss Ohio 1956. Porretta wasted no time in getting involved with the entertainment industry. By the age of 25 he was already a veteran of Broadway and a student at the Manhattan School of Music. In 1990 Porretta broke into television with recurring roles on shows like "Wings" and "Beverly Hills, 90210". In 1993 he was given his first major movie role, as Will Scarlet O'Hara in Mel Brooks' spoof "Robin Hood: Men in Tights". Interestingly, Porretta would star as Robin Hood in his own TV series four years later. Since 1997 he has starred in many independent movies and been featured in commercials for McDonald's and Arrowhead Water. In 1994 he appeared in the original Broadway cast of Stephen Sondheim and James Lapine's "Passion".
Porretta has four siblings, all of whom have found their way into show business in some form or another: His brother Frank III (the oldest sibling) has become an internationally recognized opera singer. His other brother, Greg, has guest-starred with Matthew on television. His sisters, Anna and Roberta, also dabble (Anna is a writer for "Talk Soup").
In August 2009 it was revealed that he would be the voice actor of the protagonist in the video game title Alan Wake, a psychological action thriller developed by Remedy Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="20406346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406346" title="Winter Session of the Maharashtra Legislature">
Winter Session of the Maharashtra Legislature

The Winter Session of the Maharashtra Legislature, which includes both of its houses, the Maharashtra Vidhan Sabha and the Maharashtra Vidhan Parishad, is held in Nagpur in November–December every year. Nagpur is the auxiliary capital of the state. The session is held at Vidhan Bhavan, Nagpur.
The Budget session of the Maharashtra legislature takes place at Mumbai, which is the main capital of the state.

</doc>
<doc id="20406378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406378" title="Shigeko Higashikuni">
Shigeko Higashikuni

, formerly , was the wife of Prince Morihiro Higashikuni and eldest daughter of Emperor Shōwa and Empress Kōjun. As such, she was the elder sister to the present Emperor of Japan, Emperor Akihito.
Biography.
Princess Shigeko was born in Tokyo while her father was still Prince Regent. Her childhood appellation was . As was the practice of the time, she was not raised by her biological parents after the age of three, but by a succession of court ladies at a separate palace built for her and her younger sisters in the Marunouchi district of Tokyo from 1930. Emperor Shōwa opposed the move, but was unable to defy court tradition. She entered the girls elementary department of the Gakushūin Peer's School in 1932 and completed the secondary department in 1942, learning cooking and literature.
On 9 May 1939, Princess Shigeko rode on the Chōshi Electric Railway Line in Chiba Prefecture from to Tōdaimae and back as part of a Gakushūin school outing.
In 1941, she was formally engaged to the eldest son and heir of Prince Naruhiko Higashikuni, Prince Morihiro Higashikuni. The bride and groom were first cousins once removed. The couple were officially wed in 1943, upon which her official appellation became . As the wedding occurred in the middle of World War II, ceremonies and expenses were kept to a minimum, and she wore a "junihitoe" kimono belonging to her mother, Empress Kōjun, rather than having special clothing created for the occasion.
In August 1947, she and her family were reduced to commoner status with the abolition of titles of nobility by the American occupation authorities. With rampant post-war inflation, high taxation, and various failed business ventures by her husband, the Higashikuni family was reduced to poverty. In January 1958, she accepted an offer by the Japanese national television network, NHK, to appear before a live audience and explain the New Year's poetry card reading contest and other royal ceremonies. She fell ill in 1960, complaining of stomach pains, and was diagnosed with cancer. Hospitalized at the Imperial Household Agency Hospital in Tokyo, she died on 23 July 1961. Her grave is at the Toshimagaoka imperial cemetery, in Bunkyo, Tokyo.
Family.
Prince and Princess Higashikuni had five children, the last three of whom were born after they were reduced in status to commoners:
Honours.
"See also List of honours of the Japanese Imperial Family by country"

</doc>
<doc id="20406399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406399" title="Art in Action">
Art in Action

Art in Action was an exhibit of artists at work displayed for four months in the summer of 1940 at the Golden Gate International Exposition (GGIE) held on Treasure Island. Many famous artists took part in the exhibit, including Dudley C. Carter, woodcarver and Diego Rivera, muralist. Rivera painted his monumental work "Pan American Unity" at Art in Action.
Origins.
During the first year of the Exposition, the investors failed to make a profit and the GGIE committee decided to extend the fair for one more year. The exhibition's second season ran from May 25, 1940 through September 29, 1940, and featured lower ticket prices and a collection of new attractions. Art in Action opened on June 1, a week after the main Exposition, and closed at the same time as the rest of the Exposition.
Timothy L. Pflueger, architect and member of the GGIE design committee, came up with a plan to have an exhibition of artists on display. He contacted a wide array of artists to show their talents to the public while working within the "Fine Arts Palace", a concrete and steel industrial building measuring 335 by 78 feet intended to be an aircraft hangar after the Exposition closed. For the second time, Pflueger brought Rivera to San Francisco to paint a mural, this time as the main attraction at Art in Action. 
Alfred Frankenstein of the New York Times reported from the opening day and wrote "Here the visitor is privileged to observe a kind of twenty-ring circus of art... On the floor, in a series of little ateliers, sculptors, painters, lithographers, etchers, ceramicists, weavers and whatnot are at work under the direct observation of the public." On July 29, 1940, LIFE magazine ran a story about Art in Action using a spread of color photos.
Along one wall, Rivera painted the mural "Pan American Unity" on ten steel-framed panels spanning 74 feet in width and reaching 22 feet in height, weighing a total of 23 tons.
Some 68 artists had participated by the end of September when the Exposition was closed. Rivera was not finished, however; he and two assistants labored for two more months in the empty exhibit hall. On Friday, November 30 and Sunday, December 2, 30,000–35,000 visitors came to Treasure Island to view the completed mural. During the painting of the mural, Frida Kahlo had arrived in San Francisco and on December 8, 1940, Rivera's 54th birthday, Kahlo and Rivera were married for the second time in a civil ceremony at San Francisco City Hall.
After the Exposition, many of the larger artworks remained in the building in temporary storage. Most of these ended up at San Francisco City College in their permanent collection, including Carter's "Bighorn Mountain Ram" which became the school's mascot.

</doc>
<doc id="20406411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406411" title="7th Order">
7th Order

7th Order is an American progressive rock & roll band whose debut "extended play" CD release, "The Lake of Memory", was issued on the Big Island Sounds label.
The band has, at various times, been assisted by veteran British guitarist Martin Pugh (of Steamhammer, the 1st Rod Stewart solo album, and Armageddon), drummer Tim Kelliher (of Randy Hansen's Machine Gun), and legendary American rock guitarist Geoff Thorpe (of Vicious Rumors). Reviewers have recognized their particular sound as reminiscent of blues-rock bands like The Rolling Stones & The Yardbirds, with progressive undertones ala Led Zeppelin.
History.
7th Order's pre-history began in Honolulu, Hawaii, where key participants first met in the 1960s). The actual band itself evolved from studio sessions organized in California/Washington beginning in 1999 - the band has identified their influences to be the blues/rock & roll innovators of the '50s and '60s - in a radio interview on Radio Heemskerk, Netherlands in August 2003, band members discussed spending younger days playing in various bands around the US, crossing paths with icons of the rock & roll scene like Jesse Ed Davis, Mick Taylor, B.B. King, Peter Green, Stevie Ray Vaughan, Roger McGuinn, Eric Clapton and others (detailed on their Myspace page) before actual 7th Order recording sessions began in 2001.
While 7th Order had received worldwide recognition via radio and TV exposure since 2003, their progress was reportedly derailed by the death of a band member's 23 year old son (by drug overdose) in November 2004. The band then opted to delay their debut release, "The Lake of Memory" (the title song having been inspired by a line from the writings of Austrian philosopher Rudolf Steiner), but had to withstand yet another tragic setback: their manager and longtime friend, Steven B. Williams, was murdered off of Santa Catalina Island, California in May 2006 (Williams had previously been a successful rock radio DJ on stations like Denver's KBPI and Honolulu's KIKI (AM)) though the CD release did eventually take place a few years later (albeit with some incorrect credits on the sleeve). The personnel involved at this point included Daniel Jones (not Daniel Jones of Savage Garden), who wrote & sang all of the band's material - alongside Martin Pugh and Geoff Thorpe guesting on guitars, Benjamin Hadley on bass, and both Tim Kelliher and Adam Gross played drums. Confusion about credits (who was technically 'in the band') emerged as the result of clips from a promotional video segment (and the resulting "stills" taken from the session), as some acquaintances of the band had simply acted as "stand ins" for the video shoot (Thorpe and Pugh were not available to participate), and they were never formal band members.
Current activities.
As far as 7th Order's present status...the band's web site states that finishing touches have been put on a new "extended play" CD single, titled "Road to Yerevan". Other evidence of what the future for the band may be is found in the ASCAP database, which lists several compositions that are not on the released 7th Order CD's - it therefore seems possible that these previously unknown songs may be destined for a later 7th Order release, as was stated by the DJ in a radio broadcast of the "AIP show" on CKWR in Ontario, Canada on 3/18/12. In addition, a broadcast on 5/1/09 originating from KKCR radio on the Hawaiian island of Kauai had featured several station ID promos (seemingly recorded for one of the station's yearly "fund drives"), done by a band member introduced as "...of 7th Order", indicating that they did still exist as a band. Members are also known to have autographed copies of "The Lake of Memory" CDs for attendees of a benefit motorcycle run for Aseltine School (a school that "helps meet the educational needs of emotionally disturbed and learning disabled students from throughout San Diego County") in San Diego, California - held on July 22, 2011. The title track from the latest 7th Order extended play CD single release has been played and discussed on radio shows on RTRFM in Perth, Australia: a band original written by Jones/Pugh titled "Road to Yerevan" on 12/25/11 - additionally heard in recent radio broadcasts (2011–13) around the world is a live medley (taken from an audience tape recorded in Keaau, Hawaii) of Tommy Bolin's "Wild Dogs" and Roger McGuinn's "Ballad of Easy Rider".
Discography.
"The Lake of Memory" EP.
"Αll titles: (Jones) 2003-06@7th Order Songs (ASCAP)"
"Road to Yerevan" EP.
"Sound recordings copyright 2012@Big Island Sounds, all rights reserved"

</doc>
<doc id="20406419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406419" title="Le Journal du Dimanche">
Le Journal du Dimanche

Le Journal du Dimanche (English: "Sunday's newspaper") is a French weekly newspaper. It is only published on Sundays.
History.
The newspaper was created by Pierre Lazareff in 1948. It now belongs to the Lagardère Group, through Hachette Filipacchi Médias. Around 300,000 copies are issued each week.

</doc>
<doc id="20406463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406463" title="List of operas by Telemann">
List of operas by Telemann

This is a list of the operas of the German composer Georg Philipp Telemann (1681–1767).
According to historical sources, Telemann may have written over 50 operas; however, only 35 works are of sufficient substance to appear in his catalogue of works (see below), and only nine of these are preserved complete.

</doc>
<doc id="20406473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406473" title="Astragalus tener">
Astragalus tener

Astragalus tener is a species of milkvetch known by the common name alkali milkvetch. It is endemic to California, where it grows in both coastal and inland areas such as the Central Valley, especially in moist places. 
Description.
This is an annual herb producing upright stems up to 30 centimeters tall. The leaves are up to nine centimeters in length and made up of several lance-shaped to oval leaflets. The inflorescence is a dense cluster of pinkish-purple white-smudged flowers. The fruit is a narrow legume pod up to five centimeters long and usually containing two smooth seeds.
Varieties.
There are three varieties of this species. One, the coastal dunes milkvetch, "Astragalus tener" var. "titi", is a rare plant treated as an endangered species on the federal level. It is probably now limited to coastal Monterey County, having been extirpated from its previous range in southern California.
An example occurrence of "Astragalus tener" is within the two extant forests of Monterey Cypress, "Cupressus Macrocarpus", in Monterey County, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20406474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406474" title="LG Renoir (KC910)">
LG Renoir (KC910)

The LG KC910 Renoir is a feature phone released by LG Electronics. The LG Renoir was the world's first full touchscreen eight-megapixel cameraphone. It debuted in the fourth quarter of 2008. It has an 8-megapixel camera with xenon flash and Schneider Kreuznach optics.

</doc>
<doc id="20406487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406487" title="James A. Gibbs">
James A. Gibbs

James A. Gibbs (January 17, 1922 – April 30, 2010) was an author, lighthouse keeper, and maritime historian.
He was one of the lighthouse keepers at Tillamook Rock Light for a year beginning in 1945. In 1948 Gibbs was one of the five founders of the Puget Sound Maritime Historical Society.
He was the editor of "Marine Digest" magazine until 1972.
He built and lived in Cleft of the Rock Light near Yachats, Oregon, "the first privately owned working lighthouse in Oregon" until his death on April 30, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20406519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406519" title="Brij Kothari">
Brij Kothari

Dr. Brij Kothari (born June 9, 1964) is an Indian academic and a social entrepreneur. He invented Same Language Subtitling on TV for mass literacy in India.
Early life.
Brij Kothari was born to a business entrepreneur. His parents were particular about education and sent him to Sri Aurobindo International Centre of Education (SAICE) in Pondicherry. He is an alumnus of IIT Kanpur., and did his Ph.d from Cornell University. He is a Schwab Social Entrepreneur, an Ashoka Fellow and a Stanford/Reuters Digital Vision Fellow.
Career.
After completion of his academic pursuits Kothari returned to India. In 1996 he joined the faculty of the Indian Institute of Management in Ahmedabad. While continuing to teach communication to MBA students, he started work on SLS at IIM. He has been on the Faculty of IIM Ahmedabad, as Associate and Adjunct Professor, since 1996.
Same-Language Subtitling.
In 1999, in an effort to improve functional literacy rates in India, he experimented with subtitles on Chitrageet, a Gujarati television program. In 2002, the Doordarshan network subtitled their national program Chitrahaar. Since 2006, SLS has been implemented on one weekly program each in Hindi, Bengali, Gujarati, Punjabi, Kannada, Telugu, Tamil, and Marathi. The main goal is to persuade broadcasting policy in India to immplement SLS on all songs on TV, in all languages.
Kothari is the president of PlanetRead, a non-profit involved in furthering Same Language Subtitling throughout the world. He is also the founder of BookBox, a social venture funded by First Light Ventures that produces animated, read-along stories for children in languages such as English, Spanish, Mandarin, Hindi, and over 21 others.
His work was also selected by the Google.org as one of the projects for funding.
Personal life.
Brij Kothari is married. He has two sons and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="20406527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406527" title="The Chicago Network">
The Chicago Network

The Chicago Network (TCN) is an American membership organization founded in 1979, for professional women in the Chicago metropolitan area who have reached the highest echelons of business, the arts, government, nonprofits and academia. The goal of TCN is to provide a forum for friendship, to provide mutual support and counsel for member careers and to raise awareness of professional, political and social issues facing women. Each year, TCN publishes The Chicago Network Census to document the progress of women business leaders in Chicago's 50 largest public companies. Currently, TCN has approximately 445 members.

</doc>
<doc id="20406594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406594" title="Television in Russia">
Television in Russia

Television is the most popular medium in Russia, with 74% of the population watching national television channels routinely and 59% routinely watching regional channels. There are 3300 television channels in total. 3 channels have a nationwide outreach (over 90% coverage of the Russian territory): First Channel, Rossiya and NTV.
History.
Between 1941 and 1945 all television broadcasts in the nation were interrupted because of Nazi Germany's invasion of the Soviet Union. During these early years, most television programs were about life in the Soviet Union, cultural activities and sports.
In 1960 a second national television channel was established. This initial expansion of activity encompassed mostly the city of Moscow, but to a lesser extent also Leningrad, the Urals, Siberia and the Ukrainian SSR. Each republic, area or region had its own television station.
In the 1970s and 1980s, television become the preeminent mass medium. In 1988 approximately 75 million households owned television sets, and an estimated 93 percent of the population watched television. Moscow, the base from which most of the television stations broadcast, transmitted some 90 percent of the country's programs, with the help of more than 350 stations and nearly 1,400 relay facilities.
Updating the television in the Soviet Union, the release of its censorship by the Central Committee, began with the proclamation at the XXVII Congress of the new General Secretary Mikhail Gorbachev's new political course of the party in relation to the country. Chairman of the Radio and Television was Alexander Aksenov.
In 1991, the Soviet era Gosteleradio state system included four national television channels, 52 stations in the former Soviet republics and 78 regional stations in the Russian Federation.
Today there are about 15,000 transmitters in the country. Development of domestic digital TV transmitters, led within "Multichannel" research program, had already been finished. New domestic digital transmitters have been developed and installed in Nizhniy Novgorod and Saint Petersburg in 2001-2002.
Legislation.
In the Russian Constitution was adopted by national referendum on December 12, 1993, article 29 "On the Rights and Freedoms of the Person and Citizen" establishes the universal right to freedom of thought and opinion, freedom of expression of beliefs and convictions, and freedom to seek, receive, transmit, produce and disseminate information. This right can be limited only by law and only "in the interests of protecting the Constitution, morality, health, rights and lawful interests of other persons, or for the defence of the country and national security". According to the Constitution, only the law can limit freedom of speech and establish limits for its expression. The fundamental piece of media-specific federal legislation is the Law "on Mass Media", which was passed on December 27, 1991 and took effect on February 13, 1992.
The law reinforces the freedom of information and unacceptability of censorship. It also contains provisions regulating the founding, ownership and use of mass media, and dissemination of information. The law regulates relations between mass media and citizens and/or organisations, determines the rights and obligations of journalists and establishes responsibility for violations of mass media-related laws. The Law on Mass Media allows private broadcasting and limits the rights of foreign individuals to found mass media in Russia.
Satellite television.
The first Soviet communication satellite, called Molniya, was launched in 1965. By November, 1967 the national system of satellite television, called Orbita was deployed. The system consisted of 3 highly elliptical Molniya satellites, Moscow-based ground uplink facilities and about 20 downlink stations, located in cities and towns of remote regions of Siberia and Far East. Each station had a 12-meter receiving parabolic antenna and transmitters for re-broadcasting TV signal to local householders.
However, a large part of Soviet central regions were still not covered by transponders of Molniya satellites.
By 1976 Soviet engineers developed a relatively simple and inexpensive system of satellite television (especially for Central and Northern Siberia). It included geostationary satellites called Ekran equipped with powerful 300 W UHF transponders, a broadcasting uplink station and various simple receiving stations located in various towns and villages of Siberian region. The typical receiving station, also called "Ekran", represented itself as a home-use analog satellite receiver equipped with simple Yagi-Uda antenna. Later, Ekran satellites were replaced by more advanced Ekran-M series satellites.
In 1979 Soviet engineers developed "Moskva" (or Moscow) system of broadcasting and delivering of TV signal via satellites. New type of geostationary communication satellites, called Gorizont, were launched. They were equipped by powerful onboard transponders, so the size of receiving parabolic antennas of downlink stations was reduced to 4 and 2.5 meters (in comparison of early 12- meter dishes of standard orbital downlink stations).
By 1989 an improved version of "Moskva" system of satellite television has been called "Moskva Global'naya" (or Moscow Global). The system included a few geostationary Gorizont and Express type of communication satellites. TV signal from Moscow Global’s satellites could be received in any country of planet except Canada and North-West of the USA.
Modern Russian satellite broadcasting services based on powerful geostationary buses such as Gals (satellite), Express, Yamal and Eutelsat which provide a large quantity of free-to-air television channels to millions of householders. Pay-TV is growing in popularity amongst Russian TV viewers. The NTV Russia news company, owned by Gazprom, broadcasts the NTV Plus package to 560,000 households, reaching over 1.5 million viewers.
Six out of these seven satellites are new vehicles: four belong to the "Express-AM" family (set into orbit in 2003-2005), and two to the family "Express-A" (set to the orbit in 2000-2002). SESC has also the centre for TV/Radio signal compression, and the formation of transport flows as per the MPEG-2/DVB standard, which ensures the formation of packages from federal TV/ radio channels.
By May 2013, Of the 53 million TV homes in Russia, 24% were equipped for Direct-to-Home satellite reception, making satellite the country’s leading platform for digital television. The number of satellite homes across Russia maintains a strong dynamic, increasing by 25% between 2011 and 2013 from 8 million to 12.6 million. 10% of these homes receive signals from more than one satellite position, taking the total number of antennas to 13.8 million.
Cable television.
Cable television introduced in the 2000s, and began growing much in the early 2010s. In the 2010s operators began upgrading their networks to DVB-C and adding new services such as video on demand, catch-up-TV and others. In 2012, cable television accounted for more than half of all pay-TV subscribers (58%).
Distribution of the terrestrial channels.
The distribution of the terrestrial channels is the task of the Unitary Enterprise Russian Satellite Communications Company, which has 11 satellites, and the Federal Unitary Enterprise "Russian TV and Radio Broadcasting Network" serving 14,478 TV sets in Russia (90.9% of the total number). TV and radio channels are broadcast through the terrestrial satellite communications complexes owned by the Russian Satellite Communications Company at teleports located in Medvezhy Ozera (), Vladimir and Dubna, which ensure the transmission of channels to all five time zones in Russia via the space vehicles of RTRN.
Digital broadcasting.
Different alternatives were considered in the process of preparing proposals on shifting the country to digital broadcasting (thematic discussions began in the early 2000s), but the Ministry of IT and Communication decided to focus solely on terrestrial broadcasting as the object of digital TV implementation. In Russia, the first legal act to set the standards for the digital transition was the Government Resolution No. 1700-r of 29 November 2007, which approved a Concept Paper for the Development of TV and Radio Broadcasting in the Russian Federation in 2008-2015. This document was elaborated by the high-level Governmental Commission on Development of TV and Radio Broadcasting originally headed by Dmitry Medvedev in his capacity as first vice-chair of the government.
Beginning.
In December 2005, a project was launched to create a digital television network in the Republic of Mordovia, where the DVB-T standard will be utilised. The project objective was to ensure, for the population, the possibility of receiving a large (up to 10) number of TV channels and several radio stations in the stereo broadcasting mode and in the digital DVB-T standard. The project was implemented by OJSC "Volga Telecom" (a subsidiary of OJSC "Sviazinvest") with support from the Ministry of Information Technologies and Communication of Russia, the Ministry of Culture, the National Association of TV Broadcasters and administration of the Republic of Mordovia.
The transition of terrestrial TV from analogue into digital format (in DVB-T standard) has been announced as being a government priority in Russia and identified in the document Concept of TV Broadcasting Development in Russian Federation within 2008-2015. The main positive factor in the introduction of terrestrial TV broadcasting in DVB-T standard, according to the opinion of market players, has been the approval of a TV broadcasting development framework in the Russian Federation for 2008-2015 (approved by resolution of the RF Government # 1700-p, dated 29 November 2007).
The total investments in the transition of terrestrial TV from analogue into digital format are expected to be Euro 10 billion during the period 2008-2015.
The main factors that have a high positive influence upon the rates of terrestrial DTV introduction tend to be general political and macroeconomic factors. Commercial factors do not have a significant influence upon rates of introduction of digital standards for terrestrial broadcasting. Cable television would gain the largest financial benefits from the introduction of digital television.
On May 10 during Sviaz-Expocomm – 2011, the 23rd International Exhibition of Information Technologies and Communication Services in Moscow, Russia’s national telecommunications operator Svyazinvest, together with Russian Television and Radio Broadcasting Network signed a cooperation agreement to organize the terrestrial transmission of digital content to the RRBN transmitters across the country, thus enabling the broadcasting of eight federal TV channels (Channel One, Russia 1, Russia 24, Russia 2, Russia K, Channel 5, NTV, and Karusel) and one local channel (it's "first multiplex" of digital television).
On June 2011 DVB-T2 tests got under way in Moscow. On July 2011 The Russian government commission on the development of TV and radio broadcasting, has supported the Communications and Mass Media Ministry’s suggestion to roll out DVB-T2 test zones, the government’s press service has announced.
On September 2011 a governmental commission had approved the use of the DVB-T2 standard for the development of digital terrestrial TV in Russia, as proposed by the Ministry of Communications. The digital terrestrial TV network is currently being tested out in the Tver region. According to the plan new regional networks will be deployed under the DVB-T2 standard and existing DVB-T networks will be upgraded to the new standard
List of channels.
This is a list of television channels that broadcast in Russia. Full list of channels
Most-viewed channels.
Weekly viewing shares, 11–17 November 2013:

</doc>
<doc id="20406604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406604" title="Dachimawa Lee">
Dachimawa Lee

Dachimawa Lee (; lit. "Dajjimawa Lee: Bye, Villain! Take the Express Train to Hell") is a 2008 South Korean film.
Plot.
Legendary Korean spy Dachimawa Lee is assigned to recover the fabled Golden Buddha statue, but his mission ends in failure. Lee discovers that his mission was sabotaged, and must face off against the shadowy figure behind the plot. 
Release.
"Dachimawa Lee" was released in South Korea on August 13, 2008, and was ranked fourth at the box office on its opening weekend with 233,251 admissions. As of September 7, it had received a total of 629,591 admissions, and as of September 14 had grossed a total of .

</doc>
<doc id="20406663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406663" title="Astragalus tidestromii">
Astragalus tidestromii

Astragalus tidestromii is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Tidestrøm's milkvetch. It is native to the Mojave Desert of California and Nevada, where it grows in limestone gravel soils. The plant is named for the botanist Ivar Frederick Tidestrøm.
Description.
This is a tuft or clump forming perennial herb with absent or very short stems. The leaves are up to 15 centimeters long and made up of oval-shaped to rounded leaflets. The herbage is coated in a shaggy layer of hairs. The inflorescence is an open cluster of flowers of light to deep purple, tipped with darker purple. 
The fruit is a flattened legume pod which has a drastic curved shape, sometimes curving into a complete ring. It is leathery and hairy in texture and may reach 5.5 centimeters in length. 

</doc>
<doc id="20406676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406676" title="Ahmed Marzooq">
Ahmed Marzooq

Ahmed Marzooq (born 1 September 1976 in Addu Feydhoo, Republic of Maldives), also known as Mare, is the Secretary General of Maldives Olympic Committee. Till electing to the post on 11 July 2009, he also was the General Secretary of one of the most successful Maldivian football team Victory Sports Club. He was a former football player who won numerous trophies with Club Valencia and Island Football Club (IFC). Before moving to Club Valencia in 1998, he played for Youth Sports Club from 1994 to 1997. During his time he was well known as a bold head who is the son of former Maldivian famous referee Hussain Mohamed Didi aka GEORGE. Marzooq and his brother Mohamed Nizam played together in Youth Sports Club and Club Valencia as well. He scored the historical goal which have been recorded as the fastest goal in a final match in the History of Maldives football. The goal was scored within 32 seconds after kick off against New Radiant on 1999 FA Cup final.
Before becoming the General Secretary of Victory in 2007 he also worked for two months as a coach of Club Vyansa, a newly promoted team to Dhivehi League. During this memorable two months Vyansa won against all the Maldivian big teams including New Radiant, Valencia, Maziya. the same year Vyansa was ranked as number one football club of Maldives.
He is also a blogger under the name Maldivian football maniac.

</doc>
<doc id="20406684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406684" title="2008–09 UEFA Champions League knockout stage">
2008–09 UEFA Champions League knockout stage

The knockout stage of the 2008–09 UEFA Champions League began on 24 February 2009 and concluded with the final at the Stadio Olimpico in Rome on 27 May 2009. The knockout stage involves the sixteen teams who finished in the top two in each of their groups in the group stage.
Each tie in the knockout stage, apart from the final, will be played over two legs, with each team playing one leg at home. The team that has the higher aggregate score over the two legs will progress to the next round. In the event that aggregate scores finish level, the team that scored more goals away from home over the two legs will progress. If away goals are also equal, 30 minutes of extra time are played. If there are goals scored during extra time and the aggregate score is still level, the visiting team qualifies by virtue of more away goals scored. If no goals are scored during extra time, there will be a penalty shootout after extra time.
In the draw for the first knockout round, matches are played between the winner of one group and the runner-up of a different group. The only restriction on the drawing of teams in the first knockout round is that the teams must not be from the same national association or have played in the same group in the group stages. From the quarter-finals onwards, these restrictions do not apply.
In the final, the tie is played over just one leg at a neutral venue. If scores are level at the end of normal time in the final, extra time is played, followed by penalties if scores remain tied.
First knockout round.
The draw for the first knockout round of the 2008–09 UEFA Champions League was held on 19 December 2008, and conducted by UEFA General Secretary David Taylor and Bruno Conti, the ambassador for the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final. The first legs of the first knockout round were played on 24 and 25 February 2009, while the second legs were played on 10 and 11 March.
First leg.
The knockout stage began on 24 February with four first-leg ties. English side Arsenal gained a first leg advantage with a 1–0 home victory against Roma at the Emirates Stadium, courtesy of Robin van Persie's 37th-minute penalty. The other English team in action, Manchester United, drew 0–0 with Internazionale at the San Siro, failing to score the away goal they had been hoping for. The other two matches finished in score draws, with the away sides having the upper hand going into the second legs. Lyon drew 1–1 with Barcelona at the Stade Gerland in France, with Barcelona's Thierry Henry cancelling out an opener from Juninho. Porto came from behind twice away to Atlético Madrid to secure a 2–2 draw at the Vicente Calderón Stadium. Maxi Rodríguez put Atlético in front in the fourth minute, Lisandro López equalised in the 22nd minute, Diego Forlán scored on the stroke of half-time to restore Atlético's advantage but López levelled in the 72nd minute.
In the second set of first leg ties, played on 25 February 2009, three teams scored away goals. Bayern Munich scored five times without reply away to Sporting CP. In the match at the Estádio José Alvalade, Franck Ribéry gave the Germans the lead in the 42nd minute and Miroslav Klose doubled their advantage in the 57th. Ribéry scored again from the penalty spot in the 63rd before a brace from Luca Toni put the tie out of Sporting's reach, even before the second leg. Five-time winners Liverpool also managed an away win, against nine-time winners Real Madrid, but had to wait until the 82nd minute at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium for it, when Yossi Benayoun scored a header from Fábio Aurélio's free-kick to hand them the advantage for the second leg. Villarreal and Panathinaikos shared a score draw at the Estadio El Madrigal, with Giuseppe Rossi scoring a 67th-minute penalty to cancel out Giorgos Karagounis' 59th-minute opener. In the other game, Chelsea beat Juventus at Stamford Bridge courtesy of a 12th-minute strike from Didier Drogba.
"All times are Central European Time (UTC+1)"
Second leg.
In the four second leg ties played on 10 March, the two English clubs in action both progressed along with Bayern Munich and Villarreal. Liverpool eliminated the nine-time European Cup winners Real Madrid with a 4–0 home victory. Fernando Torres doubled Liverpool's aggregate lead in the 16th minute, and Steven Gerrard made it 2–0 on the night with a 28th-minute penalty. Gerrard further extended Liverpool's lead two minutes after half-time and Andrea Dossena made it 5–0 on aggregate with two minutes left. Chelsea also made it through to the quarter-finals with a 2–2 draw, having won the first leg at Stamford Bridge 1–0. They fell behind to a goal from Vincenzo Iaquinta in the 19th minute but equalised through Michael Essien on the stroke of half-time. Juventus went back in front through an Alessandro Del Piero penalty, although Chelsea were heading through on the away goals ruling. Chelsea sealed their passage to the last eight when Didier Drogba equalised in the 83rd minute to win 3–2 on aggregate.
In the other games, Sporting CP departed the competition after setting a new Champions League record aggregate defeat of 12–1 to Bayern Munich. An early goal from Lukas Podolski extended Bayern's lead to 6–0 on aggregate and this was followed up by further strikes before half-time from Podolski again, Ânderson Polga and Bastian Schweinsteiger, sandwiched by a consolation from Sporting Lisbon's João Moutinho. Bayern were not finished at 4–1 as Mark van Bommel, Miroslav Klose and Thomas Müller further added to the scoreline. Villarreal were the fourth side to make it into the quarter-finals by beating Panathinaikos 3–2 overall. Ariel Ibagaza put Villarreal 2–1 up on aggregate in the 49th minute, Evangelos Mantzios equalised six minutes later, but Joseba Llorente turned the tie in Villarreal's favour in the 70th minute and the match finished 2–1 to Villarreal.
The remaining two English sides both reached the quarter-finals on 11 March and they were joined by Porto and Barcelona. Manchester United defeated Internazionale 2–0 on aggregate at Old Trafford. After a 0–0 draw at the San Siro in the first leg, United were aware that an away goal for Inter would make it difficult, but they made the perfect start with centre back Nemanja Vidić scoring with a header after four minutes. Cristiano Ronaldo doubled the lead just after half-time and the match finished 2–0. Porto and Atlético Madrid played out a 0–0 draw at the Estádio do Dragão in Portugal but Porto went through on the away goals rule, having scored twice in a 2–2 draw in Spain. Barcelona beat Lyon 6–3 on aggregate with a 5–2 win at the Nou Camp. Thierry Henry scored twice in the space of a couple of minutes shortly before the half-hour mark to put Barcelona 3–1 up on aggregate before Lionel Messi and Samuel Eto'o made it 4–0 just before half-time on the night. Lyon scored two consolation goals through Jean Makoun on the stoke of half-time and Juninho just after the break, but Barcelona added a fifth in the final minute. In the last game to finish, Roma defeated Arsenal 1–0 at the Stadio Olimpico with Juan scoring in the ninth minute. The first match had finished 1–0 to Arsenal so the match headed into extra-time and, eventually, penalties. Arsenal emerged victorious in the shootout, winning 7–6 after Max Tonetto missed Roma's final spotkick.
"Villarreal won 3–2 on aggregate."
"Liverpool won 5–0 on aggregate."
"Bayern Munich won 12–1 on aggregate."
"Chelsea won 3–2 on aggregate."
"Atlético Madrid 2–2 Porto on aggregate. Porto won on away goals."
"Barcelona won 6–3 on aggregate."
"Arsenal 1–1 Roma on aggregate. Arsenal won 7–6 on penalties."
"Manchester United won 2–0 on aggregate."
Quarter-finals.
The draw for the quarter-finals of the competition took place in Nyon, Switzerland, on 20 March 2009. There was no seeding and no country protection, meaning that it was an entirely random draw. The first legs were played on 7/8 April while the second legs were played on 14/15 April. Liverpool requested that their second leg be played on 14 April so that it avoid a clash with the 20th anniversary of the Hillsborough Disaster on 15 April.
"All times are Central European Summer Time (UTC+2)"
First leg.
English sides Manchester United and Arsenal were involved in the first two quarter-final matches on 7 April. Arsenal were playing the first leg away against Villarreal from Spain, their second encounter in three years following on from a meeting in the semi-finals three years earlier. Villarreal went in front in the 10th minute thanks to a long-range effort from Marcos Senna. The "Yellow Submarine" went on to dominate the first half but Arsenal did not concede again and their defensive work was rewarded in the 66th minute as a clipped ball from Arsenal captain Cesc Fàbregas was controlled on the chest by Emmanuel Adebayor and volleyed acrobatically with an overhead kick into the bottom corner. The match eventually finished 1–1, with Arsenal taking an away goal into the second leg.
Manchester United played their first leg at home at Old Trafford against Porto, the team who had knocked them out in the first knockout round five years before. Porto took an early lead, in the fourth minute, when Cristian Rodríguez netted past Edwin van der Sar. The advantage lasted only 11 minutes though, at which point Wayne Rooney scored the equaliser, chipping the ball over the advancing Helton following a careless back-pass from Bruno Alves. In an open game, in which Porto dominated, another goal appeared certain but did not come until the 85th minute. Carlos Tévez saw off his marker to score from a Rooney flick from a couple of yards out. The action had not finished however and Mariano González equalised in the final minute to hand Porto a second away goal.
Liverpool and Chelsea faced each other in an all-English tie at Anfield on 8 April. The sides were meeting in the Champions League for the fifth straight season, having last faced each other in the competition in the 2008 semi-final, when Chelsea advanced to the final. Fernando Torres handed an early advantage to Liverpool, scoring in the sixth minute. However, their lead only lasted until the 39th minute when the Liverpool defence allowed Branislav Ivanović too much space at a corner and he was able to power a header past Pepe Reina. Chelsea took the lead in the 62nd minute from an almost identical situation as Ivanović scored his second headed goal. Didier Drogba added a final goal to make it 3–1 to the away side with a side-footed finish.
In the final game, played on the same evening, two of the most successful European clubs, Barcelona and Bayern Munich met at the Camp Nou in Spain. It was their first meeting since the group stages of the 1998–99 tournament. Bayern had beaten Sporting CP 12–1 in the previous round, but Barcelona posed a far tougher proposition and it showed. Lionel Messi put Barcelona in front in the ninth minute and Samuel Eto'o doubled the lead three minutes later. Messi scored his second goal in the 38th minute and Thierry Henry made it 4–0 in the 43rd minute. The score remained at 4–0 throughout the second half, leaving Barcelona as favourites to progress.
Second leg.
In the first two of four second-leg ties, Chelsea came with a 3–1 advantage over Liverpool and the bonus of three away goals, Liverpool came into their match knowing they needed to score three times without conceding to progress, or win 3–1 to take the game to extra time at Stamford Bridge. Despite starting the match as outsiders, Liverpool looked to be well on the way towards their target as they took a 2–0 lead within half an hour and levelled the scores at 3–3 on aggregate. Fábio Aurélio scored directly with a free kick from the left of the penalty area in the 19th minute to hand them the lead and this was doubled nine minutes later from the penalty spot: Xabi Alonso stepped up to score following a foul on him by Branislav Ivanović. But six minutes after half-time, Didier Drogba made the score 2–1 with a shot that went through the hands of Pepe Reina, and six minutes later, Chelsea equalised to 2–2 when Alex scored with a powerful free kick. Frank Lampard put Chelsea 3–2 up in the 76th minute and, at this stage, Liverpool needed to score three goals to advance. Goals from Lucas and Dirk Kuyt in the 81st and 83rd minutes, respectively, put Liverpool 4–3 up on the night and only a goal away from advancing. However, Lampard scored again in the 89th minute to finish the tie off, and the match ended 4–4 and 7–5 to Chelsea overall.
In the other match to take place that evening, Barcelona and Bayern Munich played out a 1–1 draw at the Allianz Arena. Bayern trailed the tie 4–0 following the first match at the Camp Nou and they were able to play without fear in the first half. Luca Toni and Franck Ribéry created chances in the first half but Barcelona weathered the storm and created their only meaningful chance of the first half through Daniel Alves. They managed to pull a goal back early in the second half, when Zé Roberto took the ball past defender Yaya Touré and set up Ribéry who was able to score past Víctor Valdés. But Barcelona put the tie beyond the reach of Bayern with an equaliser from Seydou Keita at the end of a 17-pass move. The match finished 1–1, giving Barcelona a 5–1 aggregate win to set up a fourth tie with Chelsea in five seasons two weeks later.
The third second-leg tie was finely poised at 1–1 between Arsenal and Villarreal at the Emirates Stadium, with Arsenal ahead courtesy of the away goals rule; Villarreal came into the match knowing they had to score. Both teams were without key players: Arsenal had to play without goalkeeper Manuel Almunia, William Gallas and Gaël Clichy while captain Marcos Senna and Santi Cazorla were missing for Villarreal. Theo Walcott delivered some dangerous crosses and Robin van Persie missed an early chance from Samir Nasri's cross, but Diego Godín also tested Arsenal goalkeeper Łukasz Fabiański with a volley. Arsenal, however, took the lead in the 10th minute as Walcott raced onto a Fàbregas through-ball and chipped the ball over Diego López. Villarreal continued to create chances, including Robert Pirès nearly marking his return to his former club with a goal. Emmanuel Adebayor followed up a Van Persie free kick with a header on goal, but Gonzalo Rodríguez cleared the ball off the line. After half-time, Van Persie had a shot from distance charged down, but Arsenal did score a second goal in the 60th minute as Van Persie opted to slide a pass through to Adebayor, and his strike partner applied the finish. The tie was over in the 69th minute when Godín was adjudged to have fouled Walcott; Sebastián Eguren collected a second yellow card for his protests before Van Persie scored from the penalty spot. The match finished 3–0 to Arsenal, with Arsenal winning 4–1 on aggregate.
The final quarter-final second leg tie was between Porto and Manchester United, played simultaneously with Arsenal's match. Porto had the advantage of two away goals, after drawing 2–2 at Old Trafford. Manchester United looked to recall Rio Ferdinand from a back injury to partner Nemanja Vidić in central defence. Despite a mixed season, Cristiano Ronaldo had still scored 20 goals in all competitions and won numerous awards and he added his 21st goal with a 35-metre strike after only six minutes. Porto created very few chances, their only meaningful shot being a free kick that went wide of Edwin van der Sar's goal in the first half and later a chance for Lisandro López. United played the game at a controlled pace, however they were unable to score a second goal to settle the nerves–the threat remained that if Porto scored late United would be knocked out. Ronaldo had a shot saved by the Porto goalkeeper Helton and Vidić missed from a couple of yards. They held on to become the first English team to win at Porto and keep their ambition of winning five trophies in the same season alive. It was United's first clean sheet in six matches and set up a semi-final with fellow English team Arsenal.
"Chelsea won 7–5 on aggregate."
"Barcelona won 5–1 on aggregate."
"Arsenal won 4–1 on aggregate."
"Manchester United won 3–2 on aggregate."
Semi-finals.
The draw for the semi-finals took place immediately after the draw for the quarter-finals. The first legs were played on 28/29 April and the second legs on 5/6 May.
Second leg.
Although Chelsea had achieved a goalless draw at the Camp Nou, Barcelona went into the game as favourites. The game started well for Chelsea and after nine minutes Michael Essien scored a 20-yard left-footed volley after Barcelona failed to clear a pass into the box from Frank Lampard. The first half came to a close with Chelsea leading 1–0. Despite Barcelona dominating possession, Chelsea continued to be the most dangerous side, especially following the sending off of Éric Abidal, with Chelsea also calling for up to four penalties, none of them being awarded by Norwegian referee Tom Henning Øvrebø. A 93rd-minute equaliser from a shot by Andrés Iniesta–which happened to be Barcelona's only shot on target–then allowed Barcelona to ensure a last-minute qualification to the final. 
Almost as soon as referee Øvrebø blew the final whistle, several Chelsea players surrounded him with complaints regarding his decisions. Some players, like Frank Lampard and Andrés Iniesta respectfully swapped shirts, while others such as Michael Ballack and Didier Drogba continued to shout at the referee and contest him, with Drogba notably shouting "It's a fucking disgrace" into a live television camera. Kevin McCarra writing for The Guardian described Øvrebø as "relatively inexperienced" and declared he "did not inspire any confidence whatsoever".
"Manchester United won 4–1 on aggregate."
"Barcelona 1–1 Chelsea on aggregate. Barcelona won on away goals."

</doc>
<doc id="20406731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406731" title="1978 African Cup Winners' Cup">
1978 African Cup Winners' Cup

The 1978 season of the African Cup Winners' Cup football club tournament was won by AC Horaya in two-legged final victory against NA Hussein Dey. This was the fourth season that the tournament took place for the winners of each African country's domestic cup. Twenty-two sides entered the competition, with Sodiam withdrawing before the 1st leg of the preliminary round.

</doc>
<doc id="20406757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406757" title="Astragalus traskiae">
Astragalus traskiae

Astragalus traskiae is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name Trask's milkvetch. It is endemic to the southern Channel Islands of California, where it is known only from Santa Barbara Island and San Nicolas Island.
Description.
"Astragalus traskiae" is branching perennial herb with hairy stems 10 to 40 centimeters tall. The leaves are up to 10 centimeters long and made up of several hairy oval-shaped leaflets. The inflorescence holds 12 to 30 cream-colored flowers. 
The fruit is a legume pod which is fleshy when new and dries to a leathery texture. The pod is generally just over a centimeter long.

</doc>
<doc id="20406773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406773" title="Blake v. City and County of San Francisco">
Blake v. City and County of San Francisco

Blake v. City and County of San Francisco, , was an appeal from a decree that dismissed a bill filed by the appellant to restrain the infringement by the appellees of reissued letters patent granted to the appellant as the assignee of original letters patent issued to Thomas H. Bailey. The original patent was dated February 9, 1864, and the reissue September 18, 1877. They were for "a new and improved valve for water cylinders of steam fire engines and other pump cylinders." The specification, which was substantially the same in both patents, stated that previous to the invention therein described, the only valve used to relieve the pressure upon fire hose to prevent them from bursting was one operated by hand. To obviate the defects of such a valve, the inventor applied at some point between the engine or pump and the hose nozzle a valve which opened automatically by the pressure in the hose or the pump cylinder, so as to discharge an additional stream and thereby relieve the pressure.
The reissued patent contains two claims, the second of which only is found in the original. They were as follows:
The appellant did not contend that the appellees infringe the first claim of the reissued patent. He based his demand for relief on the alleged infringement of the second claim only.
The proper construction of this claim was that it covered an automatic valve in combination with a contrivance consisting of a pinhole and pin, by which the valve may be raised from its seat, so as to leave the valve hole permanently open, or by which the valve may be rigidly closed upon its seat, making a closed or plug valve.
The evidence showed that Bailey was not the first to conceive the idea of a device for opening or closing rigidly an automatic valve. The same thing had been done by means of wedges and screws and other devices. He cannot therefore cover by his patent all the devices for producing this result, no matter what their form or mode of operation. The claim must be confined to the specific device described in the specification and claim—namely a pinhole and pin. If this construction of the claim be adopted, it is clear that no infringement is shown, for the appellees do not use a pinhole and pin for holding their valve open or closed, but a screw, sleeve, or cap, and therefore one of the elements of the combination, covered by the second claim of appellant's patent, is wanting in the device used by the appellees.
But if it be contended that the device covered by the second claim of the appellant's patent is infringed simply by the use of an automatic relief valve which can be converted at will into an open or closed valve, the evidence in the record is abundant.
Upon this state of facts, it was plain that the mere employment by the defendants of the old and well known automatic safety valve afforded no ground upon which to base the relief prayed for in the appellant's bill. Appellant's counsel therefore disclaimed any right to the exclusive use of an automatic safety valve, and said: "We do not claim the valve any further than in this combination with a steam fire engine."
If it be conceded, therefore, that the second claim of appellant's patent covered the use of an automatic relief valve applied to a steam fire engine and hose, the question is presented whether the appellant's patent thus construed is valid.
Justice Horace Gray speaking for the court;
The decree of the circuit court was affirmed.

</doc>
<doc id="20406792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406792" title="Nimonic">
Nimonic

Nimonic is a registered trademark of Special Metals Corporation that refers to a family of nickel-based high-temperature low creep superalloys. Nimonic alloys typically consist of more than 50% nickel and 20% chromium with additives such as titanium and aluminium. The main use is in gas turbine components and extremely high performance reciprocating internal combustion engines. The Nimonic family of alloys was first developed in the 1940s by research teams at the Wiggin Works in Hereford, England, in support of the development of the Whittle jet engine.
Development.
Working at Inco's Wiggin facility in the United Kingdom, L.B. Pfeil is credited with the development of Nimonic alloy 80 in 1941. Four years later Nimonic alloy 80A followed, an alloy widely used in engine valves today. Progressively stronger alloys were subsequently developed: Nimonic alloy 90 (1945), Nimonic alloy 100 (1955), and Nimonic alloys 105 (1960) and 115 (1964 - Prof John Gittus FREng. DSc. D Tech 1986.).
Properties and Uses.
Due to its ability to withstand very high temperatures, Nimonic is ideal for use in aircraft parts and gas turbine components such as turbine blades and exhaust nozzles on jet engines, for instance, where the pressure and heat are extreme. It is available in different grades, including Nimonic 75, Nimonic 80A, and Nimonic 90. Nimonic 80a was used for the turbine blades on the Rolls-Royce Nene, Nimonic 90 on the Bristol Proteus, and Nimonic 105 on the Rolls-Royce Spey aviation gas turbines. Nimonic 263 was used in the combustion chambers of the Rolls-Royce/Bristol Olympus used on the Concorde supersonic airliner.
Composition.
Nimonic 90:

</doc>
<doc id="20406814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406814" title="Madhu Tea Estate">
Madhu Tea Estate

Madhu Tea Estate a picturesque tea garden, at the edge of Madhu Forest in Kalchini block of Dooars Jalpaiguri district in West Bengal.
History.
The estate was planted by the Roy family of Jalpaiguri, who had more than twelve tea estates in Dooars and Darjeeling districts. Madhu Tea Estate was named after the sudden death of Dr.Madhu Guha, a beloved neighbour of the Roy family. Before that the place was known as Patabari. It is 17km away from Phuntsholing, the border town of Bhutan and hardly 1.5km from Air Force Station Hasimara. It is 8km from Kalchini B.D.O. Office. A broad gauge rail line and Pucca road crossed along the side of Madhu Tea Estate. The nearest railway station, Hasimara, is 3km. There is a medium-sized tea factory, a Dakbungalow, a small hospital, a post office, and a Bengali medium high school at Madhu Tea Estate.
There is a small stream between Madhu Forest and Madhu Tea Estate called Pataijhora or Madhu River. Though it is small it has flooded the entire area many times. A forest basty, named Dalbadal basty is situated between the estate and forest. The population of Madhu Tea Estate is about ten thousand.
Overview.
The majority of population are Jharkhandi (Oraon, Munda, Kharia, Lohara, Chik Baraik), Bengali and Nepali. The chief lingua franca is Sadri language. General public also speak Bengali and Nepali. However, Oraon speak Kurukh, Munda speak Mundari and Kharia speak Kharia language. The literacy percentage is only 10 percent. There is a big football playground. There is a Bengali-medium higher secondary school. Buses and taxis are available at Madhu Choupathi. 

</doc>
<doc id="20406836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406836" title="Zanandore">
Zanandore

Zanandore is a good sized town in Burundi with around 27,867 people living there.

</doc>
<doc id="20406871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406871" title="Canton of Les Riceys">
Canton of Les Riceys

The Canton of Les Riceys is one of the 22 cantons of the arrondissement of Troyes, in the Aube department, in northern France. It consists of 7 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="20406889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406889" title="Karnaphuli Paper Mills">
Karnaphuli Paper Mills

Karnaphuli Paper Mills is a Government-owned paper pulp and paper manufacturer is Chittagong, Bangladesh. The factory is the largest paper producing factory in Bangladesh and operates as a subsidiary of Bangladesh Chemical Industries Corporation.
History.
Karnaphuli Paper Mills was the first paper manufacturing industrial establishment registered under the Factories Act. At the time of its establishment, it was the biggest paper mill in Asia, with over 3,000 workers. It was established under a World Bank loan supported by a consortium of suppliers from the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, Sweden and Italy. The factory went into production in 1953 with an installed capacity of 30,000 tons of paper per year. The capacity utilization, however, went down within a few years of its establishment. In 1964, Karnaphuli Paper Mills was sold to the Dawood Group of Pakistan, which undertook a balancing, modernization and rationalization program. Karnaphuli Paper Mills sold its paper to both East and West Pakistan. The price of its paper was the same in both wings. As a result, users of Karnaphuli Paper Mills paper in East Pakistan paid a price higher than its actual cost plus a normal profit. They compensated for the cost of transportation of the paper to West Pakistan and thus implicitly financed the subsidy enjoyed by its users in that province.
Immediately after the Bangladesh Liberation War, Karnaphuli Paper Mills became an abandoned property. Bangladesh Industrial Development Corporation took control of the company and began to search for new markets for its products. The local market did not expand due to slow growth of education facilities and of the publishing industry. The sale of paper, which was 31,378 tons in 1969-70, went down to 19,044 tons in 1973-74. When Karnaphuli Paper Mills was managed by the Dawood Group it had a network 50 distributors. The Bangladesh Industrial Development Corporation selected 407 new dealers, who had marginal or no experience in the sale of this specialized product. The stock of unsold papers piled up. On the supply side, there was the problem of availability of raw material. The Bangladeshi Planning Commission took measures for ensuring a regular supply of wood from the Forest Industries Development Corporation. Meanwhile, Bangladesh increased the proliferation of journals, newspapers and periodicals which contributed to an increase in the demand for paper in the country.
In 1976, the government took an initiative to identify the problems of Karnaphuli Paper Mills and approved a reconstruction plan in 1979-80. Experts from India, Sweden, United States and Japan were involved in the task. In 1984, efforts were made to upgrade paper quality, to improve capacity utilization and to reduce the cost of production. These efforts were aimed at reducing losses, which averaged per year during the period between 1972-73 and 1979-80. In 1983-84, the sales volume of Karnaphuli Paper Mills was 28.39MT, translating into sales revenue of . Karnaphuli Paper Mills fully recovered by 1991. It reached its prime capacity production level and could export to foreign markets. That year, it had a workforce of 4,102 workers and office personnel. Its products consisted of writing, printing and typing papers, corrugated boards, wax-coated papers, paper cones, gummed tapes, and bitumin paper. In 1990-91, the installed capacity of Karnaphuli Paper Mills was 33,000 tons and the budgeted production was 28,438 tons, while the actual production was 30,216 tons.
Production.
Karnaphuli Paper Mills uses pulp obtained from fibrous raw materials, like bamboo, extracted from the Chittagong Hill Tracts. It also uses the pulp produced in the Sylhet Pulp and Paper Mills as well as imported pulp. The factory is equipped with a gas-converted solar power plant, water treatment plant, research and development center, a recovery unit and a converting plant for different kinds of paper products. KPM has a sister concern, the Karnafuli Rayon and Chemicals Ltd., and the two mills are built on shared premises covering of land. KPM is managed by an executive director assisted by a general manager and the chiefs of nine different departments, such as administration, engineering, production, marketing and accounts. The controlling authority lies with the Bangladesh Chemical Industries Corporation head office and the enterprise board draws up plans and programs within the broad policy guidelines provided by the corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="20406937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20406937" title="LG CNS India">
LG CNS India

LG CNS India Pvt. Ltd. is a wholly owned Indian subsidiary of LG CNS Co. Ltd, Korea (the $1.9 Billion IT arm of LG Group). LG CNS India is an offshore IT services company.
External links.
There are more than 300 employees working at LG CNS India-Bengaluru and according to recent survey it is the 2.2 billion USD IT arm of LG group and one of the fast growing IT company.

</doc>
<doc id="20407039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407039" title="Open City (film)">
Open City (film)

Open City () is a 2008 South Korean film.
Plot.
Jo Dae-yeong is a police officer investigating a pickpocket ring with ties to the Japanese crime syndicate, Yakuza. One day he rescues Baek Jang-mi from danger, only to discover that she is the boss of the gang he has been tracking.
Release.
"Open City" was released in South Korea on 10 January 2008, and on its opening weekend was ranked second at the box office with 449,669 admissions. The film sold a total of 1,613,728 admissions nationwide, and as of 24 February 2008 had grossed a total of $11,095,236.

</doc>
<doc id="20407070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407070" title="John Oldham (engineer)">
John Oldham (engineer)

John Oldham (1779-1840) was an Irish engineer best known for the Oldham coupler

</doc>
<doc id="20407083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407083" title="Park Lane Mews Hotel">
Park Lane Mews Hotel

The Park Lane Mews Hotel (formerly the Hilton London Mews Hotel) is a luxury 4-star boutique hotel in London's Mayfair district.
Location.
The Park Lane Mews Hotel is situated on a quiet road just a short walk from Park Lane, Piccadilly and Hyde Park in the exclusive Mayfair district of London.
Due to the central location, the hotel is within walking distance to many of London’s famous attractions, including: The West End, Hyde Park, Buckingham Palace and Selfridges.
History of the Hotel.
The building, which dates back to 1618, was originally the site of a shepherd’s cottage – known as Mayfair’s oldest house. During the Blitz, in the winter of 1940, the cottage was destroyed when a bomb struck a building opposite.
A plaque above the hotel reads:
The hotel building has been updated a number of times over the years.
About the Hotel Building.
The Park Lane Mews Hotel, a 4-star London hotel, is a small hotel in the townhouse style. 
The hotel is owned by Genting Group, who also own the largest number of casinos in the UK, including 4 casinos in London: Crockfords, Palm Beach, Maxims and Colony Club.
The hotel has seven floors: five floors of bedrooms and suites; the ground floor which hosts the lounge bar, restaurant and reception area; and a basement with offices and conference rooms.
Hotel Rooms.
The hotel has 72 rooms: 15 standard single rooms, 26 standard double rooms, 7 standard twin rooms, 10 executive rooms, 12 king deluxe rooms and 2 suites.
Rooms are decorated in a traditional design, with neutral colours and light beech furniture. Each room has a private bathroom and air conditioning.
Standard single rooms are approximately 16 square metres and standard double/twin rooms are approximately 18 square metres. Both types of standard rooms have views onto Stanhope Row or Shepperd’s Market. 
Executive rooms are located on the first floor of the hotel. The executive rooms have recently been refurbished and come with extra amenities.
The suites at Park Lane Mews vary in size from 32 square metres (The Junior Suite) to 60 square metres (The Mayfair Suite). The Mayfair Suite has a separate living room area and its own entrance.
All rooms have the following amenities:
Hotel Amenities.
Amenities at the hotel include:
Meetings and Events.
The hotel has facilities for meetings and events. The Curzon Suite is used as a venue for business meetings and small conferences. It accommodates 80 people as a reception, 60 people in a theatre layout and 25 people in a boardroom layout. The Curzon Suite is also used for evening functions and private dining.

</doc>
<doc id="20407093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407093" title="Vitaly Karayev">
Vitaly Karayev

Vitaly Sergeyevich Karayev () (10 June 1962 – 26 November 2008) was the mayor of the North Ossetian capital, Vladikavkaz.
Assassination.
Karayev was murdered by an unknown gunman on 26 November 2008. He was killed as he left his home and climbed into his silver Mercedes. He rushed into hospital, but died there from a wound he sustained to his chest. He had been in power for less than a year before being murdered.
Russian authorities stated in February 2009 that about 30 people had been detained in connection with Karayev's assassination, including some in Moscow. Another source said Karayev's killing was also linked to the death a month later of ex-Vladikavkaz mayor Kazbek Pagiyev.
Karayev's killer, Alexander Jussoyev, was sentenced to 20 years in prison on 11 August 2011. Jussoyev was said to be a member of an organized crime group.

</doc>
<doc id="20407120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407120" title="An Evil Shade of Grey">
An Evil Shade of Grey

An Evil Shade of Grey is the debut album by Swedish gothic metal band Cemetary, released in 1992 on Black Mark Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="20407153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407153" title="Godless Beauty">
Godless Beauty

Godless Beauty is the second album by Swedish gothic metal band Cemetary, released in 1993 on Black Mark Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="20407160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407160" title="1976 African Cup Winners' Cup">
1976 African Cup Winners' Cup

The African Cup Winners' Cup 1976 was the second edition of Africa's secondary interclub competition.
The tournament was played by 20 teams and used a knock-out format with ties played home and away.
Shooting Stars F.C. from Nigeria won the final, and claimed their - and their country's - first African club trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="20407185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407185" title="Citing commissioner">
Citing commissioner

In rugby union, a citing commissioner is an independent official, appointed by the competition organizer, the union in which the match is taking place, or the International Rugby Board, who is responsible for citing players who commit any act of foul play which in the opinion of the Citing Commissioner warranted the player concerned being Ordered Off (Red card).
Citing Commissioners may cite Players for an act(s) of foul play where such act(s) may have been detected by the referee or assistant referee and which may have been the subject of referee action. A Citing Commissioner may not cite a Player for an act(s) of Foul Play in respect of which the Player has been Ordered Off save where the Ordering Off is as a result of two yellow cards. A Player in that situation may also be cited for the act(s) of Foul Play which resulted in either or both yellow card(s).
Citing Commissioners may cite a Player if he has been Temporarily Suspended (Yellow card). Such citing may be made in respect of the incident(s) for which the Player was Temporarily Suspended or otherwise. A citing complaint by a Citing Commissioner
must be sent in writing to the nominated officer of the Host Union or Tournament Organiser responsible for the Match in which the incident that is the subject of the citing complaint occurred within ordinarily a minimum of 12 hours and no later than a
maximum of 48 hours of the conclusion of the Match.
Teams may bring offences to the attention of the citing commissioner for review. The citing commissioner may cite a player even if the referee has already dealt with the issue (except where the player has been Ordered Off). Where there is no Citing Commissioner appointed, each team participating in a Match, or any of its authorised officials, or its Union, may cite:
(i) a Player(s) for an act(s) of alleged Foul Play committed during that Match provided that such act(s) have not been detected by the Match Officials;
(ii) a Player for more than one incident of alleged Foul Play in the same Match; and
(iii) more than one Player in any Match. 
Citing complaints must be notified within 48 hours of the conclusion of the match
A player who is cited is called to a hearing to show cause why he should not be treated as having been sent off for the alleged offence. The player is entitled to be represented. The hearing usually takes place before three independent persons nominated by the union or the competition organizer, and is generally convened within a week of the match in question. If the offence is proven, the panel issues a penalty, usually in the form of a suspension for a number of weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="20407193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407193" title="Kirsty Yallop">
Kirsty Yallop

Kirsty Lee Yallop (born 4 November 1986), is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level, making her senior international debut in a 0-6 loss to United States on 10 October 2004.
Yallop captained the U-20 side at the 2006 FIFA U-20 Women's World Championship finals in Russia, where they lost to Australia (0-3) and Russia (2-3), before holding Brazil to a goalless draw,
Yallop was included in the New Zealand squad for the 2008 Summer Olympic games, playing the full 90 minutes in each of New Zealand's group games, scoring one of New Zealand's goals in the 2-2 draw with Japan.
Attending her first Women's World Cup at Germany 2011, Yallop earned her 50th cap in her only appearance at the finals in a 1-1 draw with Mexico as New Zealand won their first ever point at a Senior Women's World Cup.
At club level she played for Lynn-Avon United before moving to Kristianstads DFF in Sweden's Damallsvenskan in 2010. For the 2011 season she moved to second tier side Vittsjö GIK. In her first year at Vittsjö the team attained promotion to Damallsvenskan.

</doc>
<doc id="20407201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407201" title="1977 African Cup Winners' Cup">
1977 African Cup Winners' Cup

The African Cup Winners' Cup 1977 was the third edition of Africa's secondary interclub competition.
The tournament was played by 25 teams and used a knock-out format with ties played home and away.
Enugu Rangers from Nigeria won the final, and claimed their first African club trophy.
First round.
1Red Star withdrew. <br>
2 Due to a scheduling error, Luo Union arrived for the 2nd leg on Friday night without four key players believing that the match was scheduled for the following night, and subsequently failed to travel to the stadium for the match. Constantine were awarded a 2-0 victory.

</doc>
<doc id="20407210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407210" title="Kate Carolan">
Kate Carolan

Kate Carolan is an Irish-American news reporter and radio presenter employed by Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ). Having lived in Lansing, Michigan, she reported for the "Greater Lansing Business Monthly". In the past she has been dispatched by RTÉ Television to a number of remote locations such as Ethiopia, Somalia and Oxegen 2006. Carolan is currently 31 years of age and reads the news on the national broadcaster's radio station RTÉ 2fm. She received a Bachelor of Arts in Journalism from Michigan State University (MSU) and possesses a "deep feminine voice, mature and sophisticated". She is married to Today FM DJ Ray Foley.

</doc>
<doc id="20407214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407214" title="Mythimna straminea">
Mythimna straminea

The Southern Wainscot ("Mythimna straminea") is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the western parts of the Palearctic ecozone, including Morocco, Europe, Turkey, the Caucasus, Israel and Lebanon
The wingspan is . The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Phragmites and Phalaris.

</doc>
<doc id="20407215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407215" title="Black Vanity">
Black Vanity

Black Vanity is the third album by Swedish gothic metal band Cemetary, released in 1994 on Black Mark Productions.
All music and lyrics written by Mathias Lodmalm.

</doc>
<doc id="20407276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407276" title="Ippolita Maria Sforza">
Ippolita Maria Sforza

Ippolita Maria Sforza (18 April 1446 – 20 August 1484) was a member of the powerful Italian condottieri Sforza family which ruled the Duchy of Milan from 1450 until 1535. She was the first wife of Alfonso, Duke of Calabria, who later reigned as King Alfonso II of Naples.
Family.
Ippolita was born in Cremona on 18 April 1446, the eldest daughter of Francesco I Sforza, Duke of Milan (23 July 1401 – 6 March 1466) and Bianca Maria Visconti (31 March 1425 – 28 October 1468). She had six brothers and one younger sister.
Her paternal grandparents were Muzio Sforza, a renowned "condottiero", and Lucia di Torsano, and her maternal grandparents were Filippo Maria Visconti, Duke of Milan and Agnese del Maino, daughter of Ambrogio del Maino, a Milanese nobleman and ducal questore.
Early life and education.
Ippolita was a very intelligent and cultured young woman. She was tutored by the Greek scholar and grammarian Constantine Lascaris, who taught her philosophy and Greek. With her sisters and brothers she was taught in a palace school. When she was 14 years old she made a Latin address to pope Pius II at the diet of Mantua, which became well known after it was circulated in manuscript.
She composed many letters. These have been published in Italy in a single volume entitled, "The Letters of Ippolita Maria Sforza", and edited by Serena Castaldo. Previously, in 1893, in Bologna, F. Gabotto published a collection of Ippolita's letters which she had written in Naples from 1475 to 1482.
Apart from epistolary activity, her notable writings include poetry and a Latin eulogy for her father Francesco.
Marriage and issue.
On 10 October 1465, in Milan, Ippolita, aged nineteen, married Alfonso, Duke of Calabria (4 November 1448 – 18 December 1495), the eldest son of King Ferdinand I of Naples and Isabella di Chiaramonte, Duchess of Calabria. He would later reign briefly as King Alfonso II of Naples. Ippolita was never crowned Queen consort as her death occurred ten years before Alfonso attained the Neopolitan throne. The marriage of Alfonso and Ippolita was politically advantageous as it created a powerful alliance between the Kingdom of Naples and the Duchy of Milan, which was one of the most important of the 15th century Italian city-states. Ippolita was Alfonso's first wife. Her initially harmonious marriage descended into rivalry and contempt; her husband Alfonso, perhaps threatened by her high level of education or disdainful of her pedigree, treated her with a lack of respect throughout the marriage.
Together, Alfonso and Ippolita had three children:
Ippolita Maria Sforza died at Naples on 20 August 1484 at the age of thirty-eight. Her husband subsequently married his mistress of long-standing, Truzia Gazzela, by whom he already had two illegitimate children, born during his marriage to Ippolita.

</doc>
<doc id="20407300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407300" title="Sundown (Cemetary album)">
Sundown (Cemetary album)

Sundown is the fourth album by Swedish gothic metal band Cemetary, released in 1996 on Black Mark Productions.
All music and lyrics written by Mathias Lodmalm.

</doc>
<doc id="20407301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407301" title="Črna pri Kamniku">
Črna pri Kamniku

Črna pri Kamniku () is a village in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Prapretno-Sv. Primož" (literally, 'Prapretno–Saint Primus') to "Črna pri Kamniku" (literally, 'black (village) near Kamnik') in 1955. The name was changed on the basis of the 1948 Law on Names of Settlements and Designations of Squares, Streets, and Buildings as part of efforts by Slovenia's postwar communist government to remove religious elements from toponyms. In the 19th century the German name was "Tscherna".
History.
The area used to be known for its kaolin mine, which operated between 1856 and 1990. Črna was also the location for the mass execution of fifty local hostages on 8 July 1942 by Nazi soldiers as retribution for a Partisan attack on two of their numbers. A memorial to the victims of this event can be seen outside the abandoned mine.
Churches.
On a hill above the village is a pilgrimage centre with two churches. The main church is dedicated to Saints Primus and Felicianus and has a Romanesque design, although it was rebuilt in the 15th century and various additions were built at later stages. It has a double nave, unusual for this area, and frescos on the interior. The frescoes are particularly interesting as the scenes are set in real landscapes and much detail is given to clothes and expressions. A smaller, single nave, Gothic church, dedicated to Saint Peter, stands further up the hill. It contains a wooden painted ceiling dated to 1475 in the nave, although it is in a very poor condition, and three 17th-century gilded altars dedicated to Saint Peter, Saint Lucy, and Saint Laurence.

</doc>
<doc id="20407307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407307" title="Yamaha RD48">
Yamaha RD48

The Yamaha RD48 was a two stroke 250cc Grand Prix racing motorcycle. It had two 56x50mm cylinders, disk valves and an Oldham coupler 
joining the crank shafts. Weight was 100 kg and power 35 bhp.
It was ridden by Tanahara Noguchi and Fumio Ito in Yamaha's first GP on Sunday, 21 May 1961, the French GP. Ito achieved 8th place and at the end of the 1961 season was 9th in the championship. 
The engine was improved for the 1962 season generating a claimed 42 bhp at 10,000 rpm, however only the Singapore GP was entered.

</doc>
<doc id="20407354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407354" title="Amber Hearn">
Amber Hearn

Amber Liarnie Rose Hearn (born 28 November 1984), is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level, making her senior international debut in a 0-2 loss to Australia on 18 February 2004.
Club career.
At club level she has played in England for Arsenal and Doncaster Rovers Belles. The 2009/10 season she played for the Ottawa Fury Women of the USL W-League. She the returned one year to New Zealand where she played for Lynn-Avon United. After that year she announced her transfer to German Bundesliga side FF USV Jena.
In 2003 she was named New Zealand's football player of the year. At the 2010 OFC Women's Championship she won the golden boot with 12 goals.
International career.
Hearn was included in the New Zealand squad for the 2008 Summer Olympic games, starting in each of New Zealand's group games, scoring a penalty as one of New Zealand's goals in the 2-2 draw with Japan.
Selected for the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup in Germany, Hearn again scored against Japan, although they ultimately lost the match 2-1. She played the full 90 minutes in each of New Zealand's games, helping secure their first ever point at a Women's world cup in a 2-2 draw with Mexico.
Hearn holds the record for goals scored for the New Zealand women's team in internationals, scoring her 30th international goal against China in June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20407399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407399" title="XXL (film)">
XXL (film)

XXL is a 1997 French comedy directed by Ariel Zeitoun.

</doc>
<doc id="20407409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20407409" title="Mister International 2007">
Mister International 2007


</doc>
