<doc id="20236126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236126" title="List of Twenty20 International cricketers">
List of Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list by country of every cricketer who has played at least one Twenty20 International.
Afghanistan.
Asghar Stanikzai ·
Dawlat Ahmadzai ·
Hamid Hassan ·
Karim Khan ·
Mirwais Ashraf ·
Mohammad Nabi ·
Mohammad Shahzad ·
Noor Ali ·
Nowroz Mangal ·
Raees Ahmadzai ·
Samiullah Shenwari ·
Shafiqullah ·
Shapoor Zadran
Australia.
Travis Birt ·
Nathan Bracken ·
Daniel Christian ·
Stuart Clark ·
Michael Clarke ·
Callum Ferguson ·
Brett Geeves ·
Adam Gilchrist ·
Jason Gillespie ·
Bradley Haddin ·
Ryan Harris ·
Shane Harwood ·
Nathan Hauritz ·
Matthew Hayden ·
Moises Henriques ·
Ben Hilfenhaus ·
Brad Hodge ·
Brad Hogg ·
James Hopes ·
David Hussey ·
Michael Hussey ·
Mitchell Johnson ·
Michael Kasprowicz ·
Simon Katich ·
Ben Laughlin ·
Brett Lee ·
Mick Lewis ·
Damien Martyn ·
Shaun Marsh ·
Glenn McGrath ·
Dirk Nannes ·
Ashley Noffke ·
Marcus North ·
Stephen O'Keefe ·
Tim Paine ·
Luke Pomersbach ·
Ricky Ponting ·
Luke Ronchi ·
Peter Siddle ·
Steven Smith ·
Andrew Symonds ·
Shaun Tait ·
Adam Voges ·
David Warner ·
Shane Watson ·
Cameron White
Bangladesh.
Abdur Razzak ·
Aftab Ahmed ·
Alok Kapali ·
Dhiman Ghosh ·
Farhad Reza ·
Imrul Kayes ·
Jahurul Islam ·
Junaid Siddique ·
Mahmudullah ·
Mashrafe Mortaza ·
Mehrab Hossain jnr ·
Mohammad Ashraful ·
Mohammad Rafique ·
Mushfiqur Rahim ·
Nadif Chowdhury ·
Naeem Islam ·
Nazimuddin ·
Nazmul Hossain ·
Nazmus Sadat ·
Raqibul Hasan ·
Rubel Hossain ·
Shafiul Islam ·
Shahadat Hossain ·
Shahriar Nafees ·
Shakib Al Hasan ·
Suhrawadi Shuvo ·
Syed Rasel ·
Tamim Iqbal
Bermuda.
Oronde Bascome ·
James Celestine ·
Jekon Edness ·
Chris Foggo ·
David Hemp ·
Kyle Hodsoll ·
Stefan Kelly ·
Dwayne Leverock ·
George O'Brien ·
Stephen Outerbridge ·
Oliver Pitcher ·
Irving Romaine ·
Rodney Trott ·
Tamauri Tucker
Canada.
Arsalan Qadir ·
Ashish Bagai ·
Harvir Baidwan ·
Balaji Rao ·
Geoff Barnett ·
Trevin Bastiampillai ·
Umar Bhatti ·
Ian Billcliff ·
Manoj David ·
John Davison ·
Abzal Dean ·
Sunil Dhaniram ·
Karun Jethi ·
Sandeep Jyoti ·
Eion Katchay ·
Shaheed Keshvani ·
Khurram Chohan ·
Mohammad Iqbal ·
Mohammad Qazi ·
Asif Mulla ·
Henry Osinde ·
Hiral Patel ·
Rizwan Cheema ·
Abdool Samad ·
Zubin Surkari ·
Sanjayan Thuraisingam ·
Usman Limbada ·
Steven Welsh
England.
Tim Ambrose ·
James Anderson ·
Jonny Bairstow ·
Gareth Batty ·
Ian Bell ·
Ravi Bopara ·
Scott Borthwick ·
Tim Bresnan ·
Danny Briggs ·
Stuart Broad ·
Jos Buttler ·
Paul Collingwood ·
Alastair Cook ·
Jamie Dalrymple ·
Jade Dernbach ·
Steven Davies ·
Joe Denly ·
Steven Finn ·
Andrew Flintoff ·
James Foster ·
Darren Gough ·
Alex Hales ·
Steve Harmison ·
Geraint Jones ·
Ed Joyce ·
Rob Key ·
Amjad Khan ·
Craig Kieswetter ·
James Kirtley ·
Jon Lewis ·
Michael Lumb ·
Darren Maddy ·
Sajid Mahmood ·
Dimitri Mascarenhas ·
Stuart Meaker ·
Eoin Morgan ·
Phil Mustard ·
Paul Nixon ·
Monty Panesar ·
Samit Patel ·
Kevin Pietersen ·
Liam Plunkett ·
Matthew Prior ·
Adil Rashid ·
Chris Read ·
Chris Schofield ·
Owais Shah ·
Ajmal Shahzad ·
Ryan Sidebottom ·
Jeremy Snape ·
Vikram Solanki ·
Ben Stokes ·
Andrew Strauss ·
Graeme Swann ·
James Tredwell ·
Chris Tremlett ·
Marcus Trescothick ·
Jonathan Trott ·
Michael Vaughan ·
Chris Woakes ·
Luke Wright ·
Michael Yardy
India.
Ajit Agarkar ·
Ravichandran Ashwin ·
Subramaniam Badrinath ·
Piyush Chawla ·
Shikhar Dhawan ·
Mahendra Singh Dhoni ·
Ashok Dinda ·
Rahul Dravid ·
Gautam Gambhir ·
Harbhajan Singh ·
Ravindra Jadeja ·
Dinesh Karthik ·
Murali Kartik ·
Zaheer Khan ·
Virat Kohli ·
Praveen Kumar ·
Vinay Kumar ·
Amit Mishra ·
Dinesh Mongia ·
Ashish Nehra ·
Naman Ojha ·
Pragyan Ojha ·
Munaf Patel ·
Parthiv Patel ·
Irfan Pathan ·
Yusuf Pathan ·
Ajinkya Rahane ·
Suresh Raina ·
Virender Sehwag ·
Ishant Sharma ·
Joginder Sharma ·
Rahul Sharma ·
Rohit Sharma ·
R. P. Singh ·
Sreesanth ·
Sachin Tendulkar ·
Manoj Tiwary ·
Sudeep Tyagi ·
Robin Uthappa ·
Murali Vijay ·
Yuvraj Singh ·
L Balaji ·
Ireland.
Andre Botha ·
Jeremy Bray ·
Peter Connell ·
Alex Cusack ·
George Dockrell ·
Phil Eaglestone ·
Gary Kidd ·
Trent Johnston ·
Nigel Jones ·
Ed Joyce ·
Kyle McCallan ·
Rory McCann ·
John Mooney ·
Tim Murtagh ·
Kevin O'Brien ·
Niall O'Brien ·
William Porterfield ·
Andrew Poynter ·
Boyd Rankin ·
Max Sorensen ·
Paul Stirling ·
Reinhardt Strydom ·
Regan West ·
Andrew White ·
Gary Wilson
Kenya.
Ragheb Aga ·
Rajesh Bhudia ·
Jadavji Jesani ·
Jimmy Kamande ·
Tanmay Mishra ·
Shem Obado ·
Alex Obanda ·
Collins Obuya ·
David Obuya ·
Nehemiah Odhiambo ·
Nelson Odhiambo ·
Thomas Odoyo ·
Peter Ongondo ·
Lameck Onyango ·
Kennedy Otieno ·
Morris Ouma ·
Rakep Patel ·
Tony Suji ·
Steve Tikolo ·
Hiren Varaiya
Netherlands.
Peter Borren ·
Mudassar Bukhari ·
Atse Buurman ·
Tom de Grooth ·
Mark Jonkman ·
Alexei Kervezee ·
Mohammad Kashif ·
Geert-Maarten Mol ·
Hendrik-Jan Mol ·
Dirk Nannes ·
Darron Reekers ·
Edgar Schiferli ·
Jelte Schoonheim ·
Pieter Seelaar ·
Jeroen Smits ·
Eric Szwarczynski ·
Ryan ten Doeschate ·
Daan van Bunge ·
Bastiaan Zuiderent
New Zealand.
Andre Adams ·
Nathan Astle ·
Shane Bond ·
Neil Broom ·
Ian Butler ·
Chris Cairns ·
Brendon Diamanti ·
Grant Elliott ·
Stephen Fleming ·
Daniel Flynn ·
James Franklin ·
Peter Fulton ·
Mark Gillespie ·
Martin Guptill ·
Paul Hitchcock ·
Gareth Hopkins ·
Jamie How ·
Peter Ingram ·
Hamish Marshall ·
Nathan McCullum ·
Peter McGlashan ·
Brendon McCullum ·
Andy McKay ·
Craig McMillan ·
James Marshall ·
Chris Martin ·
Michael Mason ·
Kyle Mills ·
Rob Nicol ·
Iain O'Brien ·
Jacob Oram ·
Jeetan Patel ·
Aaron Redmond ·
Jesse Ryder ·
Mathew Sinclair ·
Tim Southee ·
Scott Styris ·
Ross Taylor ·
Ewen Thompson ·
Daryl Tuffey ·
Daniel Vettori ·
Lou Vincent ·
BJ Watling ·
Jeff Wilson
Pakistan.
Abdul Razzaq ·
Abdur Rauf ·
Abdur Rehman ·
Ahmed Shehzad ·
Anwar Ali ·
Fawad Alam ·
Iftikhar Anjum ·
Imran Farhat ·
Imran Nazir ·
Inzamam-ul-Haq ·
Kamran Akmal ·
Khalid Latif ·
Mansoor Amjad ·
Misbah-ul-Haq ·
Mohammad Aamer ·
Mohammad Asif ·
Mohammad Hafeez ·
Mohammad Sami ·
Mohammad Yousuf ·
Naved-ul-Hasan ·
Saeed Ajmal ·
Salman Butt ·
Sarfraz Ahmed ·
Shabbir Ahmed ·
Shahid Afridi ·
Shahzaib Hasan ·
Shoaib Akhtar ·
Shoaib Khan ·
Shoaib Malik ·
Sohail Khan ·
Sohail Tanvir ·
Umar Akmal ·
Umar Gul ·
Wahab Riaz ·
Yasir Arafat ·
Younis Khan ·
Zulqarnain Haider
Scotland.
Richie Berrington ·
John Blain ·
Dougie Brown ·
Kyle Coetzer ·
Gordon Drummond ·
Gordon Goudie ·
Gavin Hamilton ·
Majid Haq ·
Ross Lyons ·
Neil McCallum ·
Calum MacLeod ·
Gregor Maiden ·
Dewald Nel ·
Navdeep Poonia ·
Glenn Rogers ·
Colin Smith ·
Simon Smith ·
Jan Stander ·
Ryan Watson ·
Fraser Watts ·
Craig Wright
South Africa.
Yusuf Abdulla ·
Hashim Amla ·
Gulam Bodi ·
Nicky Boje ·
Loots Bosman ·
Johan Botha ·
Mark Boucher ·
Abraham de Villiers ·
Boeta Dippenaar ·
Jean-Paul Duminy ·
Herschelle Gibbs ·
Andrew Hall ·
Tyron Henderson ·
Jacques Kallis ·
Justin Kemp ·
Rory Kleinveldt ·
Garnett Kruger ·
Heino Kuhn ·
Charl Langeveldt ·
Johann Louw ·
Neil McKenzie ·
Ryan McLaren ·
David Miller ·
Albie Morkel ·
Morné Morkel ·
André Nel ·
Makhaya Ntini ·
Justin Ontong ·
Wayne Parnell ·
Alviro Petersen ·
Robin Peterson ·
Vernon Philander ·
Shaun Pollock ·
Ashwell Prince ·
Jacques Rudolph ·
Graeme Smith ·
Dale Steyn ·
Roger Telemachus ·
Alfonso Thomas ·
Lonwabo Tsotsobe ·
Roelof van der Merwe ·
Johannes van der Wath ·
Vaughn van Jaarsveld ·
Morne van Wyk ·
Monde Zondeki
Sri Lanka.
Russel Arnold ·
Marvan Atapattu ·
Malinga Bandara ·
Dinesh Chandimal ·
Indika de Saram ·
Dilhara Lokuhettige ·
Tillakaratne Dilshan ·
Dilhara Fernando ·
Chinthaka Jayasinghe ·
Sanath Jayasuriya ·
Mahela Jayawardene ·
Thilina Kandamby ·
Chamara Kapugedera ·
Nuwan Kulasekara ·
Jeevantha Kulatunga ·
Farveez Maharoof ·
Lasith Malinga ·
Angelo Mathews ·
Ajantha Mendis ·
Jehan Mubarak ·
Muttiah Muralitharan ·
Ruchira Perera ·
Thissara Perera ·
Muthumudalige Pushpakumara ·
Suraj Randiv ·
Gihan Rupasinghe ·
Kumar Sangakkara ·
Chamara Silva ·
Upul Tharanga ·
Thilan Thushara ·
Isuru Udana ·
Mahela Udawatte ·
Chaminda Vaas ·
Kaushalya Weeraratne ·
Chanaka Welegedara ·
Gayan Wijekoon
West Indies.
Lionel Baker ·
Adrian Barath ·
Carlton Baugh ·
Sulieman Benn ·
David Bernard ·
Ian Bradshaw ·
Darren Bravo ·
Dwayne Bravo ·
Deighton Butler ·
Shivnarine Chanderpaul ·
Narsingh Deonarine ·
Travis Dowlin ·
Fidel Edwards ·
Shawn Findlay ·
Andre Fletcher ·
Daren Ganga ·
Chris Gayle ·
Wavell Hinds ·
Rawl Lewis ·
Xavier Marshall ·
Nikita Miller ·
Runako Morton ·
Brenton Parchment ·
William Perkins ·
Kieron Pollard ·
Daren Powell ·
Denesh Ramdin ·
Ravi Rampaul ·
Floyd Reifer ·
Austin Richards ·
Dale Richards ·
Kemar Roach ·
Darren Sammy ·
Marlon Samuels ·
Ramnaresh Sarwan ·
Lendl Simmons ·
Dwayne Smith ·
Devon Smith ·
Jerome Taylor ·
Devon Thomas ·
Gavin Tonge
Zimbabwe.
Andy Blignaut ·
Gary Brent ·
Regis Chakabva ·
Tendai Chatara ·
Chamu Chibhabha ·
Elton Chigumbura ·
Charles Coventry ·
Graeme Cremer ·
Keith Dabengwa ·
Craig Ervine ·
Anthony Ireland ·
Greg Lamb ·
Timycen Maruma ·
Hamilton Masakadza ·
Shingirai Masakadza ·
Stuart Matsikenyeri ·
Christopher Mpofu ·
Tawanda Mupariwa ·
Mluleki Nkala ·
Ray Price ·
Ed Rainsford ·
Vusi Sibanda ·
Tatenda Taibu ·
Brendan Taylor ·
Prosper Utseya ·
Sean Williams ·
Cephas Zhuwao

</doc>
<doc id="20236128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236128" title="Shllak">
Shllak

Shllak is a municipality in the Shkodër District, Shkodër County, northwestern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20236132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236132" title="Bellanagare">
Bellanagare

Bellanagare () is a village in County Roscommon, Ireland. The N5 national primary road passes through it , though a by-pass is planned. The village is located between Tulsk and Frenchpark on the Dublin to Castlebar/Westport road.
History.
O'Conor Don.
The O'Conor Don ancestral lands were in County Roscommon centred on Clonalis House near Castlerea. Alexander O'Conor Don died in 1820 without male heirs and the title was inherited by the O'Conors of Bellanagare. Some members of the O'Conor family of Bellanagare were distinguished antiquarians, see the "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography". In 1828 O'Conor Don of Belanagar was a member of the Grand Panel of county Roscommon. At the time of Griffith's Valuation, Charles Owen O'Conor was one of the principal lessors in the parishes of Kilcorkey and Kilkeevin, barony of Castlereagh. In the 1870s the O'Conor of Clonalis estate amounted to over in county Roscommon with another in county Sligo. At the same time Dennis O'Connor of Kingstown, county Dublin, brother of the O'Conor Don held in county Roscommon and 287 in county Meath. In 1879 Charles Owen O'Conor offered for sale lands at Drimina, barony of Lyney, county Sligo. By March 1916 a final offer from the Congested Districts' Board for belonging to Charles W. O'Conor, nephew of Charles Owen O'Conor Don had been accepted. A similar acreage (1,382) the estate of his mother Ellen I. O'Conor was vested in the Congested Districts' Board on 10 Feb 1916. The estate and family records are still held at Clonalis House. See www.clonalis.com for more information.
Charles O'Connor.
O'Conor, Charles, of Belanagare, a distinguished Irish scholar and antiquary, was born in 1710. family traced its descent from a younger brother of King Roderic O'Conor. His grand-uncle followed Charles II. into exile, was restored to his estates by the Act of Settlement, was a major in the service of James II., and died a prisoner in the Castle of Chester. At great cost, some of poor land were rescued from the wreck of the family property. Charles O'Conor being a Catholic, was debarred from the advancement due to his talents. But meagre particulars of his life are preserved. In 1754 he published a tract relative to Irish mining, and in 1766 the work by which he is best known — Dissertations on the History of Ireland.
He is spoken of with uniform respect by Irish scholars. Dr. O'Donovan styles him "this patriotic and venerable gentleman.. who understood the Irish language well," pays a tribute to his exertions for the preservation of Irish manuscripts, and acknowledges that it was his writings which first induced him to devote himself earnestly to the study of the annals of Ireland. Mr. Wyse, in his History of the Catholic Association, says: "The entire object of his long life seems to have been to redeem it country from the self-ignorance, the blind impolicy, the national degradation to which it had been reduced. In this lofty and noble vocation, no man ever put out, with more perfect abandonment of all unworthy motive, the valuable gifts which he had received."
Charles O'Conor died at Belanagare, 1 July 1791, aged 81. His valuable collection of manuscripts (containing the only then known original of the First Part of the Annals of the Four Masters), passed by purchase into the hands of the Marquis of Buckingham, and are now in Lord Ashburnham's library; where, when O'Curry wrote in 1857, they were inaccessible to scholars.
Bellanagare Castle.
Bellanagare was the home of the O'Conor family including the well-known historian Charles O'Conor. He later built Hermitage House some distance away and Bellanagare Castle is now in ruins.
Hermitage House.
Built by Charles O'Conor (1710-1790) the antiquarian and head of the family circa 1760. His great great grandson Charles O'Conor was leasing the property at Ballaghcullia, valued at £10, to Honoria O'Conor at the time of Griffith's Valuation. In 1749 the Census of Elphin records Denis O'Conor as being of "Ballinagar". The house at Hermitage is still extant though not occupied and a modern bungalow has been constructed in front of it.
Sport/Activities.
Ballinagare Horse and Pony Racing Club.
The Ballinagare Horse and Pony Racing club was Established in 2012. The first Annual race meeting and family day was held on 16 September 2012 in memory of the late Peter Finnerty, Which was a great success. 
The 2013 Race meeting/Family day will take place on Sunday 7 July 2013.
Ballinagare Cycling Club.
The Ballinagare cycling club held its first charity leisure cycle of on 3 June 2012 in aid of Cancer Care west. 2013's charity cycle is due to take place on 4 August 2013.
Ballinagare FC.
Ballinagare football Club was established in August 2004 and since then has enjoyed success at both senior level and underage level. The club colours are orange with a black trim, play home games at Ballinagare Community Pitch. A new Astro Turf Pitch for the Club was opened in 2012 and situated beside the community centre.
Ballinagare Community Centre.
Is a community run centre for the village and surrounding area. It runs Health & Leisure activities Spinning Classes - early morning and evenings -, Box Exercise Classes, walkers and joggers group, Pilates, step aerobics it has a fully equipped Gym, Astro Turf and Personal Trainer available.
Western Gaels GAA Club.
The Western Gaels Club was formed in Fairymount Hall in 1962. Gerry Finneran, John Lavin and Fr. Gerry O'Rourke were the founder members who set up the club following the recommendation of a special committee of the County Board in that year. 
The club area consists of the parishes of Frenchpark and Fairymount in West Roscommon, close to the towns of Castlerea and Ballaghaderreen. Prior to that there were clubs in both parishes but due to emigration both of these clubs were very weak. Probably the most famous son of the area is Dr. Douglas Hyde of Tibohone, who was Patron of the GAA from 1902 to 1915, and the first President of Ireland from 1938 to 1945. Ironically, he was banned from the GAA at Congress in 1939 for attending a soccer match. Another loyal servant to the GAA, Pádraig Ó Caoimh, Ard-Rúnaí 1939-1964 was born in the village of Ballinagare. 
The amalgamation of both parishes proved very successful and success on the playing field began to come our way in the 1970s when the club won five juvenile titles. This in turn helped us to our first major title at adult level - the Junior County Championship in 1977
References.
Land Estate Database
National Inventory of Architectural Heritage
Library Of Ireland
Ballinagare FC

</doc>
<doc id="20236135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236135" title="André Dulait">
André Dulait

André Dulait (born 14 November 1937) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Deux-Sèvres department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236142" title="Pļaviņas Hydroelectric Power Station">
Pļaviņas Hydroelectric Power Station

The Pļaviņas Hydro Power Plant is the biggest power plant in Latvia and one of the biggest hydroelectric power plants in the European Union. It is located in Aizkraukle on the river Daugava. It has ten individual turbines with installed total capacity of 868.5 MW.
The construction aroused an unusual wave of protest in 1958. Most Latvians opposed the flooding of historical sites and a particularly scenic gorge with rare plants and natural features, such as the Staburags, a cliff comparable in cultural significance to the Lorelei in Germany. The construction of the dam was endorsed in 1959, however, after the purge of relatively liberal and nationally oriented leaders under Eduards Berklavs and their replacement by Moscow-oriented, ideologically conservative cadres led by Arvīds Pelše.
The first turbine of the plant was launched in December 1965. The plant was put into full operation in 1968 by launching the fourth turbine. In 1991–2001, additional six turbines were added to original four increasing the capacity to 868.5MW. The first reconstruction of the plant was carried out from 1999 to 2001, and the second one, to be completed in 2010, was launched in 2007.
The complex is operated by Latvenergo.

</doc>
<doc id="20236154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236154" title="Felix Pedro">
Felix Pedro

Felice Pedroni (April 16, 1858 – July 22, 1910), known best to Americans by his Hispanicized alias Felix Pedro, was an Italian immigrant whose discovery of gold in Interior Alaska marked the beginning of the 1902 Fairbanks Gold Rush.
Early life.
Pedro was born April 16, 1858 to a family of subsistence farmers in the Apennine village of Trignano, Comune di Fanano and was the youngest of six brothers. Pedroni fled home in 1881 following the death of his father. He arrived in New York City and quickly assumed the name Felix Pedro.
He traveled to New York, Ohio, Washington, British Columbia, and the Yukon, working in each city until he earned enough to travel again. Once in Alaska, Pedro panned for gold in the Fortymile, the Piledriver Slough near present-day Salcha, and various other waterways, including the "Lost Creek" in which Pedro and his partner Tom Gilmore claimed to have found a sizable amount of gold in 1898, but were forced to abandon due to food shortage. Despite marking the spot and searching the next three years for it they were unable to find it again.
Gold.
On August 26, 1901, prospector E. T. Barnette and Captain Charles W. Adams ran the steamer "Lavelle Young" aground up the Chena River which they mistakenly believed to be a distributary which would allow them to detour upstream from the unnavigable Bates Rapids to their intended destination in Tanacross. In accordance with their agreement, Barnette, his wife Isabelle, five hired hands, and 130 tons of supplies were unloaded onto the riverbank. The crew quickly built two log cabins and a series of tents, establishing a trading post named Chena City.
Adams returned downstream, and Barnette had his first visitors only hours later. Pedro and Gilmore, still in search of the Lost Creek, were perched on a nearby slope and had seen the plumes of smoke from the departing steam-boat. They stumbled into the camp, bought supplies, and headed northward into the hills. At the request of James Wickersham the camp was renamed Fairbanks, after Senator Charles W. Fairbanks (R-Indiana), in March 1902.
Felix Pedro discovered gold in the Tanana Hills northeast of Fairbanks on or about July 22, 1902 in a small unnamed stream (now known as "Pedro Creek") northeast of Fairbanks, prompting him to exclaim "There's gold in them there hills", and triggering a full-scale gold rush.
Business was booming for Barnette, but he wanted more. He sent letters to Dawson City, which arrived in the dead of winter and were published in the "Dawson Daily News" January 3, 1903. This triggered an influx of over 1,000 more prospectors in temperatures. Fairbanks continued to grow, and by 1908 it was the largest city in Alaska.
Death.
Felix Pedro died July 22, 1910 at age 52 at St. Joseph's Hospital in Fairbanks, reportedly of a heart attack. However, this was disputed by his business partner Vincenzo Gambiani who denied that Pedro was suffering any heart problems, and suspected Pedro's widow Mary Doran of foul play. Years later on his own death bed, Gambiani was asked once again about the death of Pedro. Unable to speak, he wrote only two words ("wife-poison").
Pedro's body was embalmed and shipped to San Francisco and buried in nearby Colma. On October 12, 1972 Pedro's body was found, exhumed, and moved by Cortelloni Amato to Italy where an autopsy was performed, and the hair samples reportedly supported the conclusion that Pedroni was murdered. His remains were buried again in a small cemetery in Fanano.
Legacy.
In 1947 a Felix Pedro monument was erected at mile 16.1 of the Steese Highway near Pedro Creek.
The Alaskaland park in mid-town Fairbanks had been opened in 1967 to commemorate 100th anniversary of the Alaska purchase. However on July 22, 2002, the presumed 100th anniversary of Pedro's gold discovery (noted in Alaska as "Felix Pedro Day" Alaskaland was officially renamed Pioneer Park. Pioneer Park's annual "Golden Days" festival at Pioneer Park includes a Felix Pedro look-alike contest.
Also on this date, Fairbanks and Fanano became sister cities.

</doc>
<doc id="20236157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236157" title="Catherine Dumas">
Catherine Dumas

Catherine Dumas (born 13 July 1957) is a French politician. She was a member of the Senate of France from 2007 to 2011. She represents Paris and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236173" title="Ambroise Dupont">
Ambroise Dupont

Ambroise Dupont (born 11 May. 1937) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Calvados department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236186" title="Daugavpils hydroelectric power station">
Daugavpils hydroelectric power station

The Daugavpils hydroelectric power station was a proposed hydro power project in Daugavpils, Latvia. It was to have 10 individual turbines with a nominal output of around 30 MW which will deliver up to 300 MW of power. 
The proposed dam became the rallying point for protest in 1986–87 by hundreds of thousands of Latvians resulting with the cancellation of the project, in spite of the vast expenditures already poured into the project.

</doc>
<doc id="20236193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236193" title="Bernadette Dupont">
Bernadette Dupont

Bernadette Dupont (born 6 December 1936) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. She represents the Yvelines department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236196" title="348th Night Fighter Squadron">
348th Night Fighter Squadron

The 348th Night Fighter Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force squadron. Its last assignment was with the 481st Night Fighter Operational Training Group, based at Salinas Army Air Base, California. The unit was inactivated on 31 March 1944.
The unit's mission was to train pilots and crews for night fighter operations during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20236197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236197" title="Resistance (comics)">
Resistance (comics)

Resistance is a comic book limited series published by Wildstorm, based on the "Resistance" video game series. It is written by Mike Costa, with art by Ramón Pérez, with the prequel being written by Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning, with pencils by C.P. Smith. The series is unrelated to and should not be confused with the earlier similarly named Wildstorm series "The Resistance".
Summary.
"Resistance" is a six-issue mini-series, beginning in January 2009. The series features different aspects of humanity's war with the Chimera; detailing certain characters' histories and other activities in the war effort. It also includes prologues to significant events in the game's history (e.g. the preview issue details the early history of Private Jordan Adam Shepherd, the seemingly innocent soldier who volunteered to be a test subject in Project Abraham, and, due to the machinations of Doctor Fyodor Malikov, would transform into "Daedalus"; the Leader of the Chimera).
Plot.
Issue #0.
The background story of U.S. Army Private Jordan Adam Shepherd; the soldier who would eventually become "Daedalus"; the Leader of the Chimera, is revealed. In a long series of flashbacks; it details Shepherd's childhood consumed by his father's abuse, alcoholism and religious fervor, the latter of which is passed on to Jordan, along with his father's extreme temper; which Jordan was horrified to find he possessed when, consumed with paranoia on how close his wife was becoming with a neighbor following her miscarriage, Jordan murdered the neighbor. Consumed with guilt and desperate to do the right thing; Shepherd would join the U.S. Army and eventually volunteer for Project Abraham; where Shepherd fails to mention his immune system was compromised during his childhood after wandering into a chemical testing zone in the everglades surrounding the house he shared with his father, and so when injected (according to SRPA Doctor Ortiz), it caused a "world of problems". Confined to the SRPA's Project Abraham Compound; Shepherd suddenly uses his new-found psychokinetic powers to mentally attack Ortiz and other doctors present (for Ortiz's constant berating was too much for him to stand). Shepherd is overpowered and sedated by an SRPA panic team; though as the comic ends, it is revealed what the "world of problems" are: Shepherd's entire lower body, in response to the injection's side-effects on his compromised biology, has expanded and transformed; heralding his transformation into "Daedalus".
Issue #1.
The U.S.'s largest military base in the world; Fort Anchorage in Alaska, has been captured by the Chimera. Efforts to drive back the invaders fail, the government keeps the news a complete secret, and acts to formally activate the Sentinel Program; having been previously training-based, for the first time. The first team of trained Sentinel soldiers immunized, to a certain degree (several visual symptoms of the virus are seen on the soldiers) to the Chimera virus, is activated as "Sentinel Team Alpha" (which happens to include Joseph Capelli and Benjamin Warner; who are feature as "Sentinel Team Echo" members in "Resistance 2" under Lt. Nathan Hale's command). The team is briefed on its first mission (dubbed the "maiden voyage of the Sentinel Program"); they will be taken to Alaska for insertion, surgically enter the base, rescue key surviving personnel and certain materials, and then rendezvous with an air-evac; and they are not to directly engage the enemy. The officer briefing them is asked why a larger force, or other divisions capable of keeping secrets, isn't used instead of the Sentinels; a clandestine unit. The officer answers there is something in the base so top secret only the Sentinels can be sent; the Chimera have captured America's first atomic bomb.
A side-story is included focused on James Grayson (the protagonist of "") and details his early history with his beloved brother; Johnny. In his childhood; the world was a peaceful and blissful place, but this changed when the Chimera came. James' father was re-commissioned as an officer to fight in the war, and Johnny also joined the war as a pilot, with James not far behind. James' father was killed in combat, the devastation of which made James realize his father's example wasn't his own, and so James quits the R.A.F. to live his own life, and gradually a rift forms between the two brothers when Johnny tries and fails to effectively replace their father. Life was bad for James; unemployed at a time England was suffering with decreasing morale (with "monsters" besieging Europe and the Americans refusing to help) and desperate supply shortages. One evening, Johnny and James get into an argument, where Johnny insists James no longer go into the cities; having heard from his friends the city will soon be locked down by the military, and so at least one of them must remain to take care of their mother. James angrily retorts that Johnny doesn't really care about his safety or their mother, but instead cares more about appearing like a hero. Johnny, however, counters that James doesn't really understand what's going on in Europe; they are losing control (as every man is needed; to the point their forces in India were called back to shore up England's defenses; and India was totally overrun as a result). Feeling Johnny is trying to control him; James runs away from home. A few days later, Johnny is called up to fight the war in Europe and, with his father dead and his mother being taken care of by the R.A.F. for the rest of her life, James found a new family in that of a street gang.
Issue #2.
Sentinel Team Alpha is on a ship en route to their first mission, and the Sentinels all feel connected by the deep connection shared by being infected with the Chimera virus, and despite their bickering, they get along well. Suddenly, the ship is attacked by a massive water-based Chimera monster, and Team Alpha hurriedly equips and prepares themselves and makes a desperate attempt to fight it back alongside the ships' crew. The efforts fail, and the order is given to abandon ship, though only Team Alpha and a sole-remaining sailor makes it to shore as the monster pulls the ship under with all hands aboard. Intact and relatively armed, Team Alpha, determining they are only 40 miles away from the base, decide to march, though the sailor quickly suffers from frostbite (unlike the enhanced soldiers). Suddenly, one of the Sentinels is shot dead, and his comrades take cover. The Chimera creature in question can make itself invisible; and so is able to kill the sailor, though Capelli takes charge of the team and outmaneuvers and knives the creature to death. The team then moves onward, leaving the body of their dead comrade behind.
The side-story on James Grayson continues; the war has advanced to France, with Johnny and his R.A.F. squadron fighting them back. James naturally couldn't imagine what his brother saw and did, but naturally knows it must have been horrible. While volunteering for a high-risk mission, Johnny's plane goes down over Berlin; the news of which devastates their mother though nevertheless gives her a sense of pride for Johnny's heroic demise. This makes James think about what he has been doing and, consumed with shame, decided to rejoin the military a week later (when France fell to the Chimera); while the R.A.F. wouldn't take him back, the Royal Marine Commandos (who were taking anyone) accepted James and he was commissioned as a Private and plans to join the war. One evening, James' criminal past catches up with him when his old gang finds him in a deserted London street, and pressure him not to leave their gang (which involves small-time thieving; of which James was apparently very good at). James naturally no longer finds this life appealing; and fights his old gang until several policemen arrive. Recognizing James' authority; the policemen immediately arrest the gang, and James leaves his old life behind to join the war.
Issue #3.
The issue picks up with the Sentinel team making it to the Alaskan base that is housing the atomic bomb and finding that the hangar doors are open. They enter into the hangar, only to find a giant Grims nest. As they make their way into the base, they find Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer who reveals that he survived by staying in a bunker which was also used as a lab for the researchers making the atomic bomb, and that the Chimera invaded the base for the weapon. After four days he left the bunker to search for food and found the base mostly empty, but soon discovered the Grims' nest in the hangar. He then entered a nearby lab to make an acid to kill the cocoons. He does not finish his story, as a Grim runs into the room and leaps upon him. The soldiers try to get the Grim off him as they may hit the doctor with a stray bullet if they try to shoot the Grim. One of the Sentinels pulls a gun out and sticks it in the Grim's mouth, making short work of it. The doctor then says that it must be too late and that all the Grims have hatched.
In the issue's side-story, it begins with Johnny Grayson and his gunner crash-landing, after which Johnny pulls his gunner away from the crash site and later sets up camp. After the gunner awakes they continue moving to avoid the Chimera, and soon find a group of survivors who explain to them that they are heading deeper into Chimera-controlled territory. Johnny eventually becomes their leader. Weeks later there are complaints of freezing because of Johnny's "no fire rule" which is to avoid detection from the Chimera. Some of the group start a fire causing Johnny to run out and yell at them to put it out, in which they refuse to do. Soon after this, a Chimeran patrol finds them, killing most of the group. Johnny then tells the survivors to run and set fire to the woods behind them to both cover their tracks and slowdown the Chimera. The story then focuses back to James Grayson's point of view. He is in basic training and getting yelled at by his sergeant. James is eventually sent to guard the camp for a week, during which he says to himself how he's lost his family and his friends, and that maybe all hope is lost.
Issue #4.
Following the death of the Grim that attacked Dr. Oppenheimer, the panic doctor tells the Sentinels to barricade the door but they refuse, explaining that it may hold them off but not for long. There is nowhere to go and they decide that they are better off making a run for it. They then dash into the hallway running and shooting at the same time, but there are too many and a Grim leaps into the air and bites the doctor, they quickly kill the Grim. Since the doctor is wounded and they are not far from an exit and they grab him and run. They soon make it outside and lock the door. Later the group found their way into the cafeteria and barricaded it. It was then used as a command center and had a break each hour while recovering, Oppenheimer talks to Capelli and asks him why does he fight at first. Capelli replies is to protect Earth from these "monsters" and he asks again why: "there are men who afraid and full of pain you are full pain and hate". Capelli then explains how he was in Project Abraham and remembers two men, one named Hale and the other Shepherd. When he tried to sleep he had visions and saw the Chimera killing everyone and simply does not wish it to come true. The Sentinels come up with a plan of running into the hangars, which was crazy at first, and planned on used the gas veins which made them all run out where Capelli armed with a minigun started killing all who ran out.
In the side-story, Johnny Grayson managed to get the survivors to Dunkirk without any more deaths where he yells at the guards for not letting them in. More guards start appearing to Johnny's yells and one asks his name, and immediately recognize him as Johnny was well known, and was allowed in. Johnny went to find who's in charge and then meet Roland Mallery who informed Johnny that the Chimera are digging under the English Channel. Meanwhile, from James Grayson's point of view, more of his personal background are revealed: having failed to go to his graduation due to being "pissed" and dumped by his girlfriend. The next day he reported for duty and with a terrible hangover and meet his commanding officer, Cartwright, and was placed under patrol. After thinking how dull it was for having this duty as suddenly Hybrids started to come from holes in the ground.
Issue #5.
The issue begins with Capelli taking cover from Titan fire as two other Sentinel soldiers run into the hangar where the bomb is, but only to find another Titan guarding it. One of the soldiers runs up to the Titan and stabs it in the groin, and then throws a grenade into its mouth. The group then attempts to disarm the bomb while the instructions written on paper start to evaporate from the gas. As Capelli tries to find a place to retreat his comrade, Waldron, provides some covering fire before being killed by a Titan. After Waldron's death, Capelli gives the order to rescue Doctor Oppenheimer. While Capelli finds a safe place, the rest of his squad saves the doctor. Capelli then rams a wall down with a tank and orders the rest of the Sentinels to bring the bomb onto the tank in order for Oppenheimer to defuse it. They then notice a Chimera battleship heading their way.
In the side-story, British forces are shown fighting a losing battle with the Chimera, while in another scene Johnny Grayson is flying back to England. While on the plane Johnny meets Rachel Parker, whom he often saw at the base but never spoke with her before. He told Parker that if she wanted a report about the Chimeras' Earth Movers he did a fine job of killing endless waves of Chimera. Later Johnny speaks with James, who is in a hospital because of his leg, telling him to stop messing around, as he knew James would frequently disobey orders and endanger the lives of other soldiers. Johnny further mentions that he had seen James' boot camp file and was starting to lose faith in him. James replied coldly, saying that Johnny left both him and his mother, and that they are done talking. James begins to think about how badly the war in Europe has gone, and that if London falls then the end is near.
Issue #6.
Capelli sits in an interrogation room at the base, and is approached by an unnamed and irated SRPA official, who tells Capelli to tell him what happened up in Alaska.
Capelli tells his story - he and the remaining members of Sentinel Team Alpha get in the tank as the Chimeran battleship bears down on them. The vibrations stop and the four men get out and find the tank has been accidentally scooped up by the ship - the Sentinels are trapped on the Chimera battleship, which Capelli senses is banking around and heading back to Europe. Leavitt takes the lead, coming up with the idea to blast a hole in the ship's hull and throw the nuclear bomb into the ocean off the coast of Alaska when the ship reaches it in 10 minutes time, justifying that it must be kept out of Chimera's possession. Before more is said, wave after wave of Chimera forces attack and Alpha Team, running low on ammo, have to make their shots count. Using aid from the tank and getting weapons off of dead Chimeran Hybrids, Alpha Team is able to hold their ground as the entire ship's complement comes down on them.
The scene goes back to the present, where the official notes Alpha Team still had a plan, courtesy of Leavitt, and if it had been completed, it would have allowed the possibility of salvage by SRPA, and thus, with the bomb back, the mission would have been accomplished. Capelli confirms this is true, going so far as to note Alpha Team expended the last of their artillery rounds firing at the hull to breach it. The official casually notes this and then pointedly asks what happened then.
The story continues - after the hull is breached, Murphy gets out of the tank and orders Capelli into the tank to man the tank's gun, while Murphy goes to make sure the bomb is secure. Capelli, in the middle of combat, says he is needed out there and counters Murphy can engage the tank and so Alpha Team can bulldoze the bomb out the side. Murphy states they have to make sure it's defused before it drops, and because he is the only one who knows how to do it. Above the carnage, Murphy yells for Capelli to, for once in his life, stop questioning him and do something Murphy asks. Capelli, reluctantly, complies...only to notice Warner and Leavitt arrive in the tank as well. Leavitt says that Murphy told them to fall back to the tank. Capelli, naturally, asks why the hell would he say that as, now, no one is covering him. Suddenly, Oppenheimer, now conscious and with a strange smile on his face, activates the tank's engines. Before Alpha Team can stop him, the tank falls out the side and off the ship.
The scene goes back to the present, the official, looking sympathetic and moved by what he is hearing, listens as Capelli sadly says Alpha Team later guessed that Murphy, who knew if the team performed Leavitt's plan no one would have made it home, so he did the only thing he could think of - Murphy decided to sacrifice himself to make sure the Chimera didn't get the bomb, and the team got home. Murphy must have used a syringe to give Oppenheimer a transfusion of his own blood, which for a normal human would be like taking a hit of pure adrenalin. It would kill him within 10 minutes, but Murphy possibly figured he wasn't going to survive much longer anyway, and he needed him awake. Because the ship was only 5,000 feet off the ground, and Murphy knew as long as the tank stayed in one piece, the team, possessing Sentinel regenerative powers, was only rendered unconscious after they crashed onto the snowy ground. Oppenheimer, however, died in the fall. 20 or 30 minutes later, Alpha Team regained consciousness and saw "it" from about 50 miles away - the bomb detonating and completely destroying the ship in a fiery explosion, with Murphy still aboard. Alpha Team was picked up 17 hours later by a submarine that SRPA had sent to investigate the blast. Capelli finishes by stating, truly touched and lost for words, his belief Murphy was a hero and, if SRPA hadn't erased all their names from the record, Capelli would be recommending him for the Medal of Honor.
The official, however, dismisses the story as it has a problem - Murphy (who he addresses as a "hero" in a sarcastic tone) destroyed the bomb: the very object SRPA sent Alpha Team to recover, and his actions consequently led to the death of Oppenheimer: one of the only men who knows how to build another one. The official, raising his voice with every word - and Capelli himself getting madder and madder, believes its clear Leavitt was the only one up there who had any clue how to handle the mission, and Murphy and Capelli, outranking him and botched it, and so the official can hardly believe Capelli's talking about medals - the official saying medals aren't given to those who screw up on missions. The official finishes by calling Murphy a disgrace, and so is Capelli...only to be punched in the face by Capelli before he can finish speaking.
Capelli stands over the official and, disagreeing with his assessment of Murphy being a disgrace, angrily states the bomb destroyed the Ice-Bridge and irradiated the entire area, making it impossible to cross over from Russia by land, and so Murphy saved every man, woman and child in the United States. The official responds by declaring Capelli is "done": he is heading to the brig, and he won't come out until SRPA is ready to drop him "right into the asshole of the Chimeran War Machine". The official finishes by stating that "the next washout on a suicide mission is "you" pal".
As Capelli is led away, in handcuffs, by a guard, Major Welles and a higher-ranking officer look on, having heard every word. The officer asks Welles what he thinks, and Welles thinks the mission was a disaster, a failure of leadership more than anything. Welles, however, notes Leavit "seems promising" (hinting how he became an officer and leader of Echo Squad in the Intel documents of "Resistance 2" before his own death). Also, more recruits coming up through Project Abraham will allow SRPA to specialize with teams. Welles is sure SRPA can find a place, even for Capelli. An unnamed private then arrives and says there's one last thing - they were going through Capelli's effects when they found his letter addressed to "Sarah". It is a total breach of protocol, so SRPA looked through his file and can't find a single woman with that name is his past, but the private knows that some of the men who were more "familiar" with "Cassie (Cassie Aklin)". Welles cuts off the private and says that will be all about the subject - explaining to the confused lad that SRPA has taken just about everything they can from the Sentinels, and killed almost everything that makes them human because "we need monsters now", but, they can leave this grave from Capelli's past undisturbed as Capelli deserves to mourn his humanity in his own way. Welles finishes by saying "Because I look to the future...and I don't see much humanity left". The last scene in the story shows Capelli languishing behind bars, the scars on his face caused by the virus can clearly be seen.
The side-story on James Grayson comes to an end; Johnny was shot down again, and, with his entire squad wiped out. James, meanwhile, was stuck in England on Cartwright's bad side. Cartwright, however, tells James that things have actually gotten so dire he is being sent back into combat, rather than the brig. James thanks Cartwright, saying he is ready to return to the front. Cartwright, however, is not desperate enough for a promotion to make a decision that stupid. Cartwright says he won't trust James being at the front again. James, instead, will be going behind the lines, leading a squad to clean out conversion centers. James is dismissed from the meeting, but as he walks away, Cartwright stops him by saying that he is sorry to hear about his brother. Acknowledging his words, James leaves.
James narrates about what he and the squad did - the squad's purpose was horrifying, as, while seeing people turn into Chimera was terrible, and the other soldiers the squad met up with were near-consumed by death, all the humanity in them being leached out of them one way or another. There were those that truly became monsters worse than Chimera, with one soldier James clearly remembers, but he dismisses that as "another story".
After a month, James, believing himself numb to the horror when, while on another mission in another conversion center, casually walks up to a gathering of soldiers in the last room, asking if they are finished up in there so they can set the charges, destroy the facility, and move on. The soldier he addresses; Diggle, however, hesitantly said to James that he can't go in there. James pushes Diggle aside and enters, anticipating one of the soldiers has set the fuse wrong again, and moves to only see Johnny, who is no longer human, lying on a slab which is why the other soldiers didn't want James to see. The soldiers offer to take care of Johnny themselves while James leaves, but he instead orders one of them to hand over a gun, which James uses to execute Johnny.
Johnny is buried outside by the squad, with James saying to himself over and over what was lying on the slab wasn't his brother. Nevertheless, James says goodbye to Johnny, more for James himself as he knows Johnny can't hear him, as a way to say goodbye to Johnny, England, to the life he had as its a broken world now, and needs himself to be a better man for it. James moves to leave, taking Johnny's jacket with it. James looks at the Chimera skull & cross-bones emblem on Johnny's jacket, and declares he will never forget (thus the stage is set for """").

</doc>
<doc id="20236208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236208" title="Ardashes Harutiunian">
Ardashes Harutiunian

Ardashes (Artashes) Harutiunian (, also used pen-names "Manishak, Ban, Shahen-Garo and Garo", 1873, Malkara, near Rodosto, Ottoman Empire - 16 August 1915) was an Ottoman Armenian poet, a self-educated translator from French and literary critic, who became one of the most outstanding intellectuals of his period.
Since 1912 he lived in İstanbul, where he worked as a teacher and contributed to Western Armenian newspapers. His first book of poems, "Lkvadz Knar", Harutiunian published in 1902. The next two compilations, "Yergunk" and "Nor Knar", were published in 1906 and 1912, respectively. He was one of the first literary critics of contemporary Armenian poets like Misak Metsarents, Daniel Varujan and Siamanto.
During the Armenian genocide, he stayed in Üsküdar on 24 April 1915. He was then arrested on 28 July 1915 and severely beaten at the Müdüriyet. When his father came to see him he was imprisoned as well. Father and son were both deported together with 26 Armenians to Nicomedia (modern İzmit) and jailed in the Armenian church that was converted into a prison. They were both stabbed to death together with his father near Derbent on 16 August 1915.
After Harutiunian's death his poems were published in separate books in Paris (1937) and Yerevan (1968). The main topics of Harutiunian's poetry are love, romantics and humanism ("The Tramp in the Night", "Dawn", "Windows").

</doc>
<doc id="20236222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236222" title="Vau i Dejës">
Vau i Dejës

Vau i Dejës (), English: Deja's Ford, is a municipality in the Shkodër District, Shkodër County, northwestern Albania. Vau i Dejës (or Vau Dejës or Vau-Dejës) also refers to the city center for the municipality, which is sometimes referred to as Laç or Laç-Vau i Dejës. Located in the norther region of Zadrima, Vau i Dejës is intersected by the Drin and Gjadër rivers. It is also strategically about 41 kilometers from the Adriatic Sea. Settlements in the area can be dated back to the 15th century, while the main city of Vau i Dejës was developed to house workers during the construction of the Vau i Dejës hydroelectric dam from 1971- 73. After the completion of the dam, families displaced from the flood waters began to inhabit the city. Today Vau i Dejës is composed of 8 villages and a city center. The population in 2008 was 12,345. The municipality covers a total of 31 km and is composed of 1 city center and 8 villages. The villages of Vau i Dejës are Mjedë, Spathar, Shelqet, Kacë, Narac, Dush, Gomsiqe, and Karmë. It is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sapë.
History.
The history of Vau i Dejës dates back to the old city center Deja (also known as Danja), established around the year 1127.
Deja, an Albanian medieval town, was built at the point where the Drin River leaves the highlands. Deja was a strategic area because it was the crossing point of ancient roads connecting the east and the west. From Lissus, an old Roman road traveled through Nenshat and Hajmel, passing through Laç at the "Stone Pass" and continuing on to Gomsiqe and Pukë. The city was a customs point for merchant caravans passing through.
From the early thirteenth century the feudal lords remained under Serbian rule. Here was enacted Zaharia feudal family. After the formation of the principality of Balsha, Deja became part of it. On 1396, George Balsha II passed the city to Republic of Venice. In the years 1423-1443, Deja passed twice over to the Ottomans in 1443 to be released after the general anti-Ottoman insurrection. Possession of Deja was contested between feudal lords Lekë Zaharia and Nicholas Dukagjini in 1445. After the assassination of the latter, the city was returned by his mother to Venice. Skanderbeg claimed the area to be delivered to League of Lezhë, which caused the fight between Albanians and Venitians. Skanderbeg besieged the fortress in in 1447-1448, but did not succeed in taking it. The city remained under Venice until 1479, when the Ottomans recaptured it.
The ruins of St. Mark's castle and church which date back to the early 15th century are still present today. According to historians, each year in this area a big fair was organized and attended by the inhabitants of the Zadrima region. This fair took place on the 25th of April and continued late hours of the morning. Agricultural goods, livestock and primitive tools that could not be found any other day of the year were available for sale.
Danja Castle.
The Danja Castle, located in the Deja village, was a prominent center in the Zadrima region. The biggest battle in the war against Venice was fought at Danja Castle and is where Leke Zaharia was killed. He is buried in Saint Maria Church in Vau i Dejës, which has been rebuilt from when it was destroyed in 1965. With the death of Lekë Zaharia, the castle was taken by Venice, which left after military pressure from Gjergj Kastrioti - Skenderbeg. After the Danja Castle fell, a great part of the population left for Italy (see Arbëresh people).
Geography.
Vau i Dejës lies along the national road connecting Shkodra to Kosovo. Located at the foot of a mountainous woodland, it is situated at the exit of a gorge between the hill of Laç with an elevation 367 m and Boka with an elevation 464 m. Through this gorge flows the Glina brook which divides the city's urban area into two visible parts until it meets the Gjadër River. The vegetation of these hills is dry largely because their geological composition does not favor the growth of vegetation.
Geology.
The rocks of the eastern and northern territory of Vau i Dejës are characterized by formations of karst and flysch magmatic rocks similar to those found in Mirdita. The moderately strong rocks, are mostlycomposed of flysch from Krasta with small amounts of siliceous clay from the valcanic-sedimentary series from the Mirdita area. Soils of these areas are not cohesively related, while the gravel brook of Gomsiqe is characterized by small stones and very little clay.
Geo-dynamic processes of this area are caused by tectonic movement along the Mirdita and Krasta-Cukal region. Tectonic parting is less developed. Landslides are common of the flysch formations. Massive landslides have been identified along the Vau i Dejës - Koman highway, especially in the area of Karma. Surface erosion is common along the Gomsiqe brook as it flows into the Vau i Dejës Lake. Rockslides have been observed in the vicinity of the Gomsiqe bridge and the Karma school.
The rock formations of the southern and western parts of the municipality may be divided into two groups by their complex rock properties and water-permeability. The first group contains alluvial deposits, alevrite, sand, QH-QPH grit. These compounds have a high to medium level of water permeability. The second group contains compact rocks with permeability ranging from divided into three groups. The first sub of carbonate rocks contains to CR2, J3 J3-CRL and featuring a high permeability. The second subgroup contains ultrabasic rocks and volcanic sedimentary featuring a non-uniform medium permeability. The third subgroup contains rocks with low to virtually no permeability and contains limestone, shale, clay and alevrolite content as well as the paleocen flysch-Neocene (pgl-2) and mastrikcianit (Crm2-PG2).
Water relief in this area ranges from 150-300 l / hour. Underground aquifers surface from exploits in the ultra basic flysch rocks. The southern part of the area has plentiful water containing hydrocarbons and hydrocarbons, sometimes calcium and calcium-magnesium and Mp = 398 mg / l; fp = 13.6 ° k, Ph = 2.72. This water meets the hydrochemical parameters for use for drinking. Productive horizon for water supply in case of need is the old bed of the Drin river.
Hydrography.
The hydrographic network is represented by an artificial lake (Vau i Dejës Lake), Drin River and several streams, the most important being the Gomsiqe brook and the Zazlli brook. All these flow from the mountain of Gomsiqe. Vau i Dejës Lake has an area of 26 km², while the water surface is 25 km². Its depth ranges up to 50m. The volume of water for 75 m above sea level is 600 million m³. The average level above sea level is 75m. Maximum level above sea level is 76m. The volume of usage is 220 million m³. The length of the lake 10 km while its width is 1.2 km
In the southern part of the city, the urban structure is intersected by the Glina brook, which separates the neighborhood named "Kapedani" from the rest of the city. This is a short stream that emanates from the hills to the east of the territory and flows into the Gjadër River. During the winter season, the brook's water flow increases considerable during periods of heavy rainfall and the southwestern part of the city is threatened by flooding.
Drin River.
Originally, Drin flowed southwest from the gorge of Vau i Dejës where it joined the Gjadër River 1.5 km below, in the field of Zadrima. It passed Lezhë and emptied into the Adriatic, in the Drin Bay. In 1846, the Drin river formed a new branch which ran towards Shkodra and joined the Buna River. The Drin river was divided into two parts, flowing southwest towards Lezhë, and the other flowing towards Shkodra. This caused a disruption to the water system of Lake Shkodër, impacting on water levels and the flow of the Buna river, which became the river with the greatest water capacity.
Gjadër River.
Since its separation from Drin in the South-West town of Laç (Qyrsaç), the river heads south. Gjadër River itself is a branch of Drin. There are many characteristics of a river torrential. Surface of its watershed is mountainous relief 199m2. The average altitude is 422m above sea level. The average amount of precipitation falling in the pond is about 1900mm per year.
Culture.
Cultural Center.
Cultural Center for Children in Vau i Dejës was founded in 1995. Reconstruction of the Cultural Center in 2006 was funded by KFV Germanic Bank. 
The objectives of the Cultural Center are:
Sports.
There aren't any public sport organizations in the municipality. The only recreational facilities are a couple privately owned football fields and a Judo training facility. In the future, the municipality has plans to establish its own football team and create recreational spaces.
Judo.
The first official presentation of Judo in Albania was made in 1993 in Vau i Dejës by Anton Shkoza. Judoists were trained in the Cultural Center from 1993 until 1997. In 1997, Anton was able to build a small gym in his home until a proper gym was constructed in 2010. There are 3 Judo groups that train in Vau i Dejës and belong to the Federation of Judo Albania – (Vau-Dejësi, Vllaznia, and Klub Judo "Anton Shkoza"). 
Judoists from Vau i Dejës have competed in various youth tournaments in Kosovo and Montenegro,the World Cup in Rome, the German Super cup, European Championships in Belgrade, Tournament of Italy and Niksic as well as various other international competitions. In 2008, Edmond Topalli of Vau i Dejës represented Albania in the Beijing Olympics. He lost his first match to João Neto of Portugal. His other notable achievements include a bronze and silver medal at the Tournament of Tuscany.
Points of Interest.
Island of Shurdhah.
The medieval ruins of Shurdhah (also known as Vau i Dejës Castle) lie 35 km east of Shkodra along the Koman road. Once strategically guarding the Shkodra-Kosovo road, leading up the valley to Prizren, Sarda was founded in the 6th-8th century BC. Much of the ancient town is submerged in the artificial lake created by the Vau i Dejës hydroelectric dam. The ruins of an 11th-century medieval medieval castle, which includes two rings of defensive walls and towers (some sadly submerged in the lake), the remains of a Byzantine church and other early medieval walls, are still visible above the waters. The setting on the steep rocks rising from the lake is especially impressive.
Vau i Dejës Lake.
Vau i Dejës Lake is an artificial lake formed by the Vau i Dejës hydroelectric dam. Some sites along the lake include Ragam, the island of Shurdah (or Sarda), and the Cave of Doves. Much of the lake is undeveloped but there are a few bars and restaurants along the lake. "Qafa e Gurit" () is the local access point to the lake.
Economy.
Under communism, the main employers were the state operated hydro electric power plant and copper factory as well as agricultural cooperatives. Currently, economic development is based on small private economic activities such as services and commerce positioned along the Shkodër-Pukë national road. There are 105 private business currently registered in the Vau i Dejës. Most of the private business are small bar/cafes and small grocery stories. Other commercial activities include, a photo studio, bakery, light industrial supplies, dentistry, and various other basic services.
In the villages outside of the city center, there are small production, processing, agriculture and stock breeding activities. Due to agricultural and land fragmentation caused by the privatization of state property in 1990, the municipal administration has no data on agricultural land being cultivated or the number of agricultural business in operation. The main agricultural products are crops and fodder for farming. Currently, the municipality has 1.141 ha of agricultural land with different productive capacity.
After the privatization of land, livestock number increased within the municipality. Estimates from 2006 place the number of livestock at 1,350 and the number of cattle at 7,345. There are also eight dairy farms using local stock breeding products. The products are sold locally and in Shkodër. There currently, is not a specific place for the collection, processing, and trading of agricultural products.
Demographics.
As noted in the table below, populations in several of the outlying villages such as Dush, Gomsiqe, and Karmë are dwindling due to lack of utilities, services, and accessibility. The displaced residents are being relocated within the Laç-Vau i Dejës settlement. 
Out of the whole municipality, 1,202 residents are from 0–6 years old, 2,943 are 7–18 years old, 6468 are from 19–64 years old, and 3,052 are over 65 years old. Thirty four percent of the municipality is under the age of 18 and 53% of the population is of working age.
Law and Government.
Strategic Development Plan.
In 2008, Vau i Dejës developed a 6-year Strategic Development Plan in cooperation with experts from Intercooperation Albania and Co-PLAN, Institute for Habitat Development. The Strategic Development Plan can be read here.
General Development Objectives.
Economic development of the Municipality of Vau i Dejës focusing on the revitalization of small industrial production, agricultural development and livestock in western and southern areas of the territory of the Municipality, promotion of small enterprise focused on service and trade sector as creating an attractive environment
for foreign investors
Improvement and consolidation of spatial structure of the city of Vau i Dejës as major urban centers in this Municipality, as well as urban areas to villages Mjedë, Kacë, and territories in Narac field, carefully addressing functional transformations in Shkodër - Pukë main road.
Enhance the quality of public services and physical and social infrastructure throughout the territory of the Municipality of Vau i Dejës and mainly in the area of the city and villages Mjedë, Kacë and Narac, while responding to community needs and quality standards to the quality of life.
Increased management and administrative capacity of local government in the Municipality of Vau i Dejës addressing civic issues and reflect them in local politics effectively.
Increased revenue from taxes and fees in Vau i Dejës Municipality and enable funding to improve infrastructure and services across the administrative territory of the Municipality.
Education.
The municipality of Vau i Dejës has 5 kindergartens with 205 students, 9 elementary schools with 1,700 students and 2 high schools with 416 students. School attendance is an issue with only 40% of school age children attending school. Education standards are sub par due to poor and crowded facilities. There is also a lack of didactic material, especially laboratories. Class size is often twice the desired density with 45 - 50 students per classroom.

</doc>
<doc id="20236228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236228" title="Tiantongyuan North Station">
Tiantongyuan North Station

Tiantongyuan North Station () is a station on Line 5 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="20236233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236233" title="Jean-Léonce Dupont">
Jean-Léonce Dupont

Jean-Léonce Dupont (born 31 January 1955) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Calvados department and is both a Vice President of the Senate and his Union for French Democracy Party. He was mayor of Bayeux (1995-2001).

</doc>
<doc id="20236234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236234" title="Tiantongyuan Station">
Tiantongyuan Station

Tiantongyuan Station () — is a station on Line 5 of the Beijing Subway.
Information.
The subway station is located in the Changping District of northern Beijing.
There are 'Tiantongyuan Station North' and 'Tiantongyuan Station South' extensions.

</doc>
<doc id="20236239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236239" title="Tiantongyuan South Station">
Tiantongyuan South Station

Tiantongyuan South Station () is a station on Line 5 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="20236240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236240" title="Peter Ernest">
Peter Ernest

Peter Ernest may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20236255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236255" title="Nailia Galiamova">
Nailia Galiamova

Nailia Galiamova (born 26 March 1961 in Tashkent, Uzbekistan) is a composer, living and working in Vilnius, Lithuania.
Biography.
Galiamova studied piano and composition at the Vladislav Uspensky Secondary Music School by the Tashkent State Conservatoire from 1968 until 1979. From 1979 to 1984 she studied composition under the tutelage of Prof. Albert Leman at the Piotr Tchaikovsky State Conservatoire in Moscow, which she graduated with distinction. She furthered composition studies in postgraduate program from 1984 until 1989.
In 1984 she married Lithuanian trumpeter Algirdas Januševičius and in 1985 gave birth to her son Gintaras. In 1987 the family moved to Klaipėda, Lithuania. There Galiamova was a faculty member of the choral conducting department of Klaipėda Branch of the Lithuanian State Conservatoire. In 1993 the family, already including their 1 year old daughter Donata, moved to Vilnius. Since 1994 she has served as a supervisor of the record library at the Mikalojus Konstantinas Čiurlionis School of Arts, and has taught music analysis, orchestration, polyphony and composition.
Performances.
Galiamova's works were performed in various concerts, competitions and festivals in Tashkent, Moscow, St.Petersburg, Vilnius and other cities. In 1985 and 1987 All-Union students' and postgraduates' competitions her Piano Concerto was awarded first and Cello Sonata second prize.
In addition to large-scale instrumental compositions Nailia Galiamova has written pieces for piano and strings, songs and romances for soloists and choirs, and music for children. She chooses traditional genres, moderate stylistics (displaying features of neo-classicism and minimalism) and tonal harmonic language. The composer has made orchestral arrangements of a number of works by various composers for the Lithuanian State Symphony Orchestra, Lithuanian Chamber Orchestra, and St.Christopher Chamber Orchestra among others.

</doc>
<doc id="20236261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236261" title="Jacky Le Menn">
Jacky Le Menn

Jacky Le Menn (born 17 March 1941) is a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Ille-et-Vilaine department, and is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236264" title="Lishuiqiao Station">
Lishuiqiao Station

Lishuiqiao Station () is a station on Line 5 and Line 13 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="20236267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236267" title="Kyle Rasmussen">
Kyle Rasmussen

Kyle Rasmussen (born June 20, 1968, in Sonora, California) is a former alpine ski racer from Angels Camp, California.
While competing with the U.S. Ski Team, he won two World Cup downhills in 1995 (Wengen and Kvitfjell), his best season, in which he finished 6th in the downhill standings, 5th in the Super-G standings, and 17th in the overall standings.
Rasmussen competed in three Winter Olympics (1992–98), finishing 9th in the 1998 Downhill. With 12 top ten finishes in his World Cup career, he retired from competition at age 29 following the 1998 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20236270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236270" title="Lishuiqiao South Station">
Lishuiqiao South Station

Lishuiqiao South Station () is a station on Line 5 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="20236276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236276" title="Petrus Albertus van der Parra">
Petrus Albertus van der Parra

Petrus Albertus van der Parra (29 September 1714 – 28 December 1775) was Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 1761 to 1775. (See portrait at [http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/id/thumb/a/ae/Ggparra.jpg/180px-Ggparra.jpg].)
Biography.
Petrus Albertus van der Parra was born in Colombo, the son of a Secretary to the government of Ceylon. His great-grandfather had come to India and the family had lived there ever since. In 1728, he began his career at fourteen years old. As everyone had to start as a soldier, he began as a ""soldaat van de penne"", then became an ""assistent"" in 1731, and ""boekhouder"" (bookkeeper) in 1732. He had to move house in 1736 to take up a new job as ""onderkoopman"" (underbuyer/undermerchant), and at the same time ""collectionist"" (collector) and "boekhouder" to the General Secretary at Batavia/Jakarta. He became ""koopman"" (buyer/merchant) and ""geheimschrijver"" (secrets secretary) in 1739. He became "Second Secretary" to the "High Government" (Hoge Regering), becoming First Secretary in 1747. He became "Counsellor-extraordinary" of the Indies later that year (November) and in 1751 became a regular Counsellor. In 1752 he became President of the "College van Heemraden" (in charge of estate boundaries, roads, etc.). He was later a member of the ""Schepenbank"" (the local government and court in Batavia), a "Regent" (a board member) of the hospital and in 1755 he became First Counsellor and Director-General ("Eerste Raad en Directeur-Generaal")
On 15 May 1761, following the death of Jacob Mossel he became Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies. Confirmation of his appointment by the Heren XVII (the "Seventeen Lords", who controlled the Dutch East India Company) came in 1762. He held a lavish inauguration on his birthday on 29 September. Subsequently, his birthday was a national holiday in the Indies. During his time as Governor-General, he overthrew the Prince of Kandy, in Ceylon, though with difficulty, and he conquered the sultanate of Siak in Sumatra. Contracts were entered into with various regional leaders in Bima, Soembawa, Dompo, Tambora, Sangar and Papekat. Apart from that, the rule of Van der Parra can be called weak. He favoured his friends and gave out well-paid posts if he could get anything in return for them. It was said he was a typical colonial ruler, idle, grumpy but generous to those who fawned upon him and recognised his greatness. It was a golden time for the preachers in Batavia, who got gifts, translations of the New Testament and scholarships from Van der Parra. They worshipped and eulogised him. Although the Heren XVII knew about his behaviour, as five Counsellors had written to them about his pretentions to kingly behaviour, they did nothing about it.
In 1770, Captain James Cook had to ask for his help to proceed on his journeys on HMS Endeavour (See ). At the end of the 19th Century, a steamship, trading to the Indies, was named after him. [http://www.indie-indonesie.nl/content/nl/httpwww.indie-indonesie.nlcontentnlforum_foto_archief_buleleng.asp]
After over fourteen years in power, he died on 28 September 1775 in Weltevreden, the imposing palace built for him outside Batavia/Jakarta. (See images at and [http://www.nationaalarchief.nl/amh/detail.aspx?page=dafb&lang=en&id=2452.) He apparently left a great deal of his fortune to the widows of Colombo and a smaller part to the poor of Batavia. [http://books.google.co.uk/books?id=zDmTn806NzsC&pg=PA116&lpg=PA116&dq=van+der+Parra&source=web&ots=idrZrRJOzQ&sig=lDIN9Um5dhpL7A9SbJ4hr2Ap8sk&hl=en&sa=X&oi=book_result&resnum=10&ct=result] He was followed as Governor by Jeremias van Riemsdijk

</doc>
<doc id="20236277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236277" title="Beiyuanlu North Station">
Beiyuanlu North Station

Beiyuanlu North Station () is a station on Line 5 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="20236289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236289" title="Datunlu East Station">
Datunlu East Station

Datunlu East Station () is a station on Line 5 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="20236297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236297" title="Dane Brookes">
Dane Brookes

Dane Brookes (born 16 April 1984) is a writer and actor. He founded Giant Leap Films in 2008, which has produced a series of successful films, including "Profanity". In 2012, he formed the record label and artist management company Brotherman Label.
Film.
As well as writing and directing "Profanity", Dane Brookes starred alongside Leon Lopez Hollyoaks) and Scott Wright [http://www.officialscottwright.co.uk(Coronation Street, Shameless).
In "Braincell", Dane played Carter, Dr Cornwall’s (Joseph Zaso) loyal assistant, while Raine Brown stars as Hannah.
Braincell [http://www.fangoria.com/home/news/9-film-news/1104-exclusive-pics-and-quotes-from-brit-shocker-braincell.html] was shot in Liverpool, England, and Naples, Italy, by Zaso’s Cinema Image Productions in association with Studio Mare Nostrum LLC and Cryptkeeper Films.
Producer, Joseph Zaso, first met Braincell director Alex Birrell when the latter served as cinematographer on Darkness Surrounds Roberta; also encoring from the movie is composer Marco Werba, who was since tapped by Dario Argento to score his latest feature Giallo. Braincell was released in the US and UK in 2010.
Dane has also starred in a number of short films, including "Three Minutes to Go", "Rules of the Game", "Fieves", and "LOL". Dane played PC Kane in LOLa series of short films (or "webisodes") by writer and director Ric Forster [http://www.ricforster.com. Produced by Lime Pictures, LOL starred Bryony Seth and Nico Mirallegro [http://www.imdb.com/name/nm2813963/.
Group Dane.
In 2012, Dane formed Group Dane, a digital agency based in Liverpool, UK. The company specialises in web design and consultancy.

</doc>
<doc id="20236298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236298" title="Huixinxijie Beikou Station">
Huixinxijie Beikou Station

Huixinxijie Beikou Station () is a station on Line 5 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="20236309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236309" title="Huixinxijie Nankou Station">
Huixinxijie Nankou Station

Huixinxijie Nankou Station () is a station on Line 5 and Line 10 of the Beijing Subway. The station handled a peak passenger traffic of 241,700 people on May 5, 2013. 
At this station, Line 10 uses side platforms on the upper underground level, while Line 5 uses a central platform a level beneath. The two platforms are at right angles. Line 10 passengers, especially those near the center of the train, have easy access to the stairs leading down to Line 5, while Line 5 riders headed for Line 10 need to choose their direction of travel first. The interchange is one of the easiest in use in the Beijing Subway network, but came at a price: above-ground road traffic had to be completely closed during the construction of the station.
The two parts of the stop opened separately: Line 5 and part of the concourse opened October 7, 2007, while the rest opened along with Line 10 on July 19, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20236313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236313" title="John Arigo">
John Arigo

John Hartley Ward Arigo (born December 10, 1978), in Charleston, South Carolina, is a Filipino-American retired professional basketball player having played for three teams in the Philippine Basketball Association over a nine-year career. He was drafted 5th overall by the Alaska Aces in January 2001 during his senior year of playing NCAA Division II basketball for the University of North Florida. Prior to his stint with the UNF Ospreys in 2000, he played three collegiate years for the University of Tampa Spartans from 1997-2000, where he earned "Player of the Year" honors in 1999. His professional basketball career began with the Alaska Aces from 2001–2004, and in 2003 he won his only PBA championship. He was then traded to the Coca-Cola Tigers and emerged as the team captain and leading scorer for almost five seasons from 2004 to February 2009. However, during his tenure with the Tigers, he had a couple of sidelined seasons due to injuries, management and coaching changes. Lastly, he was dealt to the Barako Bull Energy Boosters (formerly Red Bull) during the start of the 2009 PBA Fiesta Conference which after contract disputes, finally ended in retirement in August 2009 after just one season with the struggling franchise. During the span of his professional career he was a four-time PBA All-Star, selected for the PBA's "Mythical Team" in 2003 (First team all-league), and was chosen to represent the country's National Team "Pilipinas" in Taipei, Taiwan for 2006 FIBA competition. He was a career long Nike endorser and lead spokesperson for the brand through contracts with Nike Philippines, and upon retirement was invited to the Nike World Headquarters in Beaverton, Oregon for his official endorser's visit.
Upon return to his hometown, he completed his undergraduate degree at the University of North Florida, and graduated with honors in 2012. He is an active member of Phi Kappa Phi's National Honor Society.
He currently resides at his home in Jacksonville, Florida, and has returned to his alma mater, the University of North Florida, where he is a graduate assistant for Men's basketball, while staying involved in his community's High School basketball initiatives. 

</doc>
<doc id="20236320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236320" title="Intra (Diran Chrakian)">
Intra (Diran Chrakian)

Intra or Indra ("Diran Chrakian", 1875, Constantinople, Ottoman Empire - 1921) was an Armenian poet, writer, painter and teacher, a victim of Armenian Genocide.
He was educated at Berberian College of Constantinople, then finished the College of Arts, where his works were appreciated by the famous painter Hovhannes Aivazovsky. Diran worked as a teacher, wrote articles, literary researches and notes. He signed his first books, "The Internal World" (1906) and "Nojastan" (1912), as Intra (Diran spelled back to front), then again used his real name. 
After the mass killing of Armenians in 1915 Intra lost his reason, walked as a tramp through provinces and propaganded love and unity. In 1921 he was exiled by the Turkish authorities and was tortured and killed on the way.

</doc>
<doc id="20236321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236321" title="Hepingxiqiao Station">
Hepingxiqiao Station

Hepingxiqiao Station () is a station on Line 5 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="20236328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236328" title="Hepingli Beijie Station">
Hepingli Beijie Station

Hepingli Beijie Station () is a station on Line 5 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="20236343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236343" title="Panic button (disambiguation)">
Panic button (disambiguation)

A panic button is an electronic device designed to assist in alerting somebody in emergency situations.
Panic Button may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20236346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236346" title="Beixinqiao Station">
Beixinqiao Station

Beixinqiao Station () is a station on Line 5 of the Beijing Subway. It is located in Dongcheng District at the intersection of Jiaodaokou Dong Dajie (East St.) to the west, Dongzhimen Nei Dajie (Inner Street) to the east, Yonghegong Dajie to the north and Dongsi Bei Dajie (North St.) to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="20236356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236356" title="Dongsi Station">
Dongsi Station

Dongsi Station () is an interchange station on Line 5 and Line 6 of the Beijing Subway at Dongsi.

</doc>
<doc id="20236358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236358" title="Josette Durrieu">
Josette Durrieu

Josette Durrieu (born 20 March 1937) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. She represents the Hautes-Pyrénées department and is a member of the Socialist Party.
She is also rapporteur on Turkey for the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20236362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236362" title="Dengshikou Station">
Dengshikou Station

Dengshikou Station () is a station on Line 5 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="20236367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236367" title="Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1928–1929">
Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1928–1929

This is a list of the members of the Australian House of Representatives in the 11th Australian Parliament, which was elected at the 1928 election on 17 November 1928. The incumbent Nationalist Party of Australia led by Prime Minister of Australia Stanley Bruce in power since 1922 with coalition partner the Country Party led by Earle Page defeated the opposition Australian Labor Party led by Matthew Charlton.

</doc>
<doc id="20236372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236372" title="Ciqikou Station (Beijing)">
Ciqikou Station (Beijing)

Ciqikou Station () is a station on Line 5 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="20236373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236373" title="Mark Telan">
Mark Telan

Mark Clemence Telan (born January 12, 1976) is a Filipino professional basketball player who last suited up for the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters in the Philippine Basketball Association. A former De La Salle Green Archer, he was 2-time UAAP basketball Most Valuable Player. Telan entered the professional league in 1999 as a direct hire by the Tanduay Rhum Masters. When his team disbanded, he was acquired by the Shell Turbo Chargers, where he was named Most Improved Player in 2000. In 2002, he was then picked by the Talk 'N Text Phone Pals. After his tenure with Talk 'N Text, he was traded to the Air21 Express and then to the Coca-Cola Tigers. In 2009, Telan signed up with the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters as the offer was not matched by his team Coca-Cola. In 2010, he returns to Talk 'N Text.
He is known to be a solid low post threat and a good outside shooter. His defense is also commendable.

</doc>
<doc id="20236380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236380" title="Tiantandongmen Station">
Tiantandongmen Station

Tiantandongmen Station () is a station on Line 5 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="20236381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236381" title="Louis Duvernois">
Louis Duvernois

Louis Duvernois (born 17 May 1941) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236382" title="The Flyin' Ryan Brothers">
The Flyin' Ryan Brothers

The Flyin' Ryan Brothers is an American progressive rock band that formed in Illinois in 1995. It comprises two brothers, Jimmy and Johnny, who between them contribute guitars, bass, drums, keyboards, vocals and many other instruments.
History.
Jimmy and Johnny began playing guitar in the late-1960s, at the ages of 14 and 12 respectively. Influenced by their parents—mother Virginia was a pianist, father Edward was a vocalist—they received no formal music training and had joined bands by 1971. After hearing progressive rock band Wishbone Ash (notable for featuring two lead guitarists) on the radio in 1973, the brothers formed a similar band with local musicians by the name of Westfall. They progressed from playing local clubs to having their first studio session and recording their first two tracks, "Everything I Could Ask For" and "Sunshine Daydream", in a short space of time, developing their double lead style along the way. Other bands they played in through the 1970s include Axis, Nutcracker and Freeze, opening for such famous acts as Kiss, Styx, Survivor, Head East and The Beach Boys.
During the 1980s, as the music scene was changing to focus on disco, the brothers began to work separately as session musicians, solo artists and with other bands. It was during this time that Jimmy recorded his solo album "Finally" and Johnny began building his own studio, known as The Garage, where he also began recording his own music. After some years the brothers reunited, and in 1996 released their debut album, "Sibling Revelry", which featured guest appearances from guitarists Michael Angelo Batio and Tommy Dziallo. The Brothers' second album, "Colorama", was released in 1999, which featured more guest musicians (in addition to Batio and Dziallo), namely vocalists Jim "Mudpuppy" Wiley, Nick Cortese and Johnny Mrozek. The band's official website was created in February 2000, a process which Johnny values highly, claiming "The internet saved us ... without it, we could have never hoped for more than a regional awareness of our music ... we've established contacts and expanded our fan base across the entire planet." "Legacy" was released in 2002, followed by "Blue Marble" and "Totality" in 2005 and 2008 respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20236384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236384" title="Puhuangyu Station">
Puhuangyu Station

Puhuangyu Station () is a station on Line 5 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="20236385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236385" title="Virginie Klès">
Virginie Klès

Virginie Klès (born 18 August 1961) is a member of the Senate of France. She represents the Ille-et-Vilaine department, and is related to the Socialist Party.
Biography.
Toxicological veterinarian by profession, Virginia Klès was elected mayor of Châteaubourg (Ille-et-Vilaine) following the municipal elections of 2001 in a three-way race against the exiting mayor and a socialist candidate. She was re-elected in 2008. She then became vice-president of the Communauté d'agglomération de Vitré-Communauté. She was elected senator on September 21, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20236387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236387" title="Quintus Fabius Memmius Symmachus">
Quintus Fabius Memmius Symmachus

Quintus Fabius Memmius Symmachus (383/384 - after 402) was a politician of the Roman empire, member of the influential family of the Symmachi.
Biography.
He was son of the orator and politician Quintus Aurelius Symmachus and of Rusticiana; he was born in 383/384. Memmius had an elder sister, Galla, who married Nicomachus Flavianus, son of Virius Nicomachus Flavianus.
At the age of ten, he become quaestor, celebrating the public games connected with his office in December 393. Memmius was well educated, and studied Greek language; his father approved his style in writing letters and, in 401, he studied with a Gallic rhethor as his tutor. The year 401 marked several important events in Memmius' life: he married the granddaughter of Virius Nicomachus Flavianus; he also celebrated the games connected with the second step in his "cursus honorum", the office of praetor (these games were postponed from 400 in order to let Aurelius Symmachus to be present and cost 2000 pounds of gold).
It was probably Memmius who, belonging to a pagan family, built a temple devoted to Flora in Rome; he is also the author of a dedicatory inscription in honour of his father-in-law Flavianus (CIL, VI, 1782). After Aurelius Symmachus' death, Memmius edited his correspondence.

</doc>
<doc id="20236389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236389" title="Liujiayao Station">
Liujiayao Station

Liujiayao Station () is a station on Line 5 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="20236392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236392" title="Songjiazhuang Station">
Songjiazhuang Station

Songjiazhuang Station () is a station on Line 5, Line 10, and the Yizhuang Line of the Beijing Subway. This is a connecting station, terminal for Line 5 and Yizhuang Line. These two stations lie in the perpendicular directions, so that the passengers leaving the train from Line 5 proceed ahead to get to the station of Yizhuang Line. The station handled a peak passenger traffic of 262,800 people on May 5, 2013. 
On December 30, 2012, Phase 2 Section 1 of Line 10 opened, passing through Songjiazhuang Station, making Songjiazhuang Station the 3rd 3-way transfer station of Beijing Subway (The first two being Xizhimen Station and Dongzhimen Station).
The Yizhuang Line has three platforms employing the spanish solution. For the Yizhuang Line departing passengers use the middle platform, whereas the arriving passengers disembark to the side platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="20236398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236398" title="Anne-Marie Escoffier">
Anne-Marie Escoffier

Anne-Marie Escoffier (born 15 August 1942 in Dax, Landes) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. She represents the Aveyron department and is a member of the Radical Party of the Left.
References.
http://www.senat.fr/listes/senatl.html

</doc>
<doc id="20236400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236400" title="Peter Sugar">
Peter Sugar

Peter Sugar (January 1919– December 5, 1999) was an American historian, known for his expertise in the history of East Central Europe, and a frequent speaker at international conferences during the Yugoslav wars of the 1990s. Sugar was a recipient of a lifetime achievement Award for Distinguished Contributions to Slavic Studies from the American Association for the Advancement of Slavic Studies.
Early life and education.
Sugar was born in Budapest, Hungary, and earned a baccalaureate degree from Budapest's Lutheran Gymnasium. He played ice hockey for Hungary's national team, and was a member of the Hungarian cavalry. He relocated to Istanbul prior to the Second World War, where he learned the Turkish language and began to specialize in Southeast European studies. During the war, still in Istanbul, he worked for the United States Army in the field of counterintelligence. Sugar's service to the U.S. army made him eligible to emigrate to the United States in 1946. He studied history at the City College of New York, obtaining an additional undergraduate degree in 1954. He enrolled in a doctoral program at Princeton University, receiving his PhD in history and Near Eastern studies in 1959.
Academic career.
Sugar began a long-term career at the University of Washington in 1959, teaching European and Ottoman history. In 1987 he was chosen as Instructor of the Year. He retired on March 9, 1989. The mayor of Seattle, Charles Royer, declared that date to be "Peter Sugar Day" to honor Sugar's contributions over three decades as a professor at the university.

</doc>
<doc id="20236401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236401" title="Hankelow">
Hankelow

Hankelow is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England. It used to be a township within the township of Audlem, one mile away on the Nantwich Road. According to the 2001 Census, the parish had a population of 272. 
Hankelow is part of the Crewe and Nantwich parliamentary constituency. Following a parliamentary boundary review in 2008, the village will transfer to the Eddisbury parliamentary constituency upon the dissolution of parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="20236403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236403" title="Ronjay Buenafe">
Ronjay Buenafe

Ron Jayson Buenafe (born May 25, 1983 in Quezon City), better known as Ronjay Buenafe, is a Filipino professional basketball player who plays for the Barako Bull Energy Cola in the Philippine Basketball Association.
Coca-Cola.
Being called as the "Steal" of the 2007 Draft, he performed well during his rookie season as a scoring guard. He, with the help of the then newly acquired Asi Taulava led the Tigers past the wildcard and faced the Alaska Aces in the quarterfinals where they lost 3-0. The following conference, their team had a more successful eliminations compiling a 10-8 record. Once again, they ended their run at the quarterfinals, this time at the hands of the Magnolia Beverage Masters. At the end of the season, Buenafe was named to the All-Rookie Team and was among the contenders for Rookie of the Year.
On his second season, he duplicated his performance though it didn't translate to wins for Coca-Cola.
Air21.
For the 2009-10 season, Buenafe was acquired by the Burger King Whoppers. He played alongside "Mr. Pure Energy" Gary David and "The Snatcher" Wynne Arboleda. Despite stellar performances, his team still was not able to make the playoffs.
Rain or Shine.
In the middle of the 2010-11 season, he got involved in a three-way trade where he, Ronnie Matias and Beau Belga were all traded to the Elasto Painters. Though he still provided what the team needed, his numbers went down.
Meralco.
Before the 2012-13 season, he got traded again, this time to the Meralco Bolts in exchange for its 2014 first-round draft pick and provide offensive firepower alongside the backcourt duo of Solomon Mercado and Mark Cardona.
PBA career statistics.
"Correct as of January 10, 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="20236412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236412" title="Jean-Claude Étienne">
Jean-Claude Étienne

Jean-Claude Étienne (born 8 August 1941) at Vouziers (Ardennes) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Marne department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.
Biography.
Professor of medicine by profession, he was elected Senator of the Marne on September 23, 2001 after being member of the second district of the Marne.
On 27 October 2010, he was appointed member of the group of electable individuals to the French Economic, Social and Environmental Council (CESE). He was replaced in the French Senate by Mireille Oudit, from 3 November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20236413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236413" title="Rebecca Ferguson (actress)">
Rebecca Ferguson (actress)

Rebecca Louisa Ferguson Sundström (born 19 October 1983) is a Swedish actress of British descent.
Personal life.
Ferguson grew up in the Vasastaden district in central Stockholm. Rebecca's parents are British, her mother Rosemary moved to Sweden from England when she was 25. As a student, she attended the Adolf Fredrik's Music School in Stockholm. She currently lives with her boyfriend and young child in the seaside town of Simrishamn, on the Swedish south coast. Ferguson has said she wanted to get away from city life and the public spotlight following her soap opera success. In Simrishamn, she started drifting away from acting, ran an Argentine dance studio, and also worked on several short film art projects. Swedish director Richard Hobert spotted her at the town market in 2011. He recognized her and this led to her starring in his film "A One – Way to Antibes".
There are claims that Ferguson may be a distant relative of Sarah, Duchess of York.
Career.
She played the lead role in the soap-opera "Nya tider" and later played Chrissy in the Swedish-American soap "Ocean Ave.". Ferguson has also appeared in films, including "A One-Way Trip to Antibes", the horror film "Strandvaskaren" and the upcoming film "Vi" alongside Gustaf Skarsgård.
In August 2012, it was announced Ferguson had been cast to play Elizabeth Woodville in the ten-part British historical drama "The White Queen". drama, based on Philippa Gregory's "The Cousins' War" novels about the women of the Wars of the Roses. Ferguson's role in "The White Queen" has been met with some praise, winning her the "Best Leading Lady" award at the History Is Present Awards for period based dramas, in July 2013, as well as an Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress – Miniseries or Television Film.

</doc>
<doc id="20236416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236416" title="Golem, Kavajë">
Golem, Kavajë

Golem is a commune in Kavajë District, Albania. The area along the coast is one of Albania's major beach destinations where many resorts, hotels, and vacation homes are located. However, Golem has suffered from rapid urban development and the problems associated with it.
Localities.
The Commune of Golem consists of the following 11 localities:

</doc>
<doc id="20236430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236430" title="Pierre Fauchon">
Pierre Fauchon

Pierre Fauchon (born 13 July 1929) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Loir-et-Cher department and is a member of the Union for French Democracy Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236431" title="Baum–Sweet sequence">
Baum–Sweet sequence

In mathematics the Baum–Sweet sequence is an infinite automatic sequence of 0s and 1s defined by the rule:
for "n" ≥ 0. 
For example, "b"4 = 1 because the binary representation of 4 is 100, which only contains one block of consecutive 0s of length 2; whereas "b"5 = 0 because the binary representation of 5 is 101, which contains a block of consecutive 0s of length 1.
Starting at "n" = 0, the first few terms of the Baum–Sweet sequence are:
The properties of the sequence were first studied by L.E. Baum and M.M. Sweet in 1976.
Properties.
The Baum–Sweet sequence can be generated by a three state automaton.
The value of term "b""n" in the Baum–Sweet sequence can be found recursively as follows. If "n" = "m"·4"k", where "m" is not divisible by 4, then
Thus b76 = "b"9 = "b"4 = "b"0 = 1, which can be verified by observing that the binary representation of 76, which is 1001100, contains no consecutive blocks of 0s with odd length.
The Baum–Sweet word 1101100101001001..., which is created by concatenating the terms of the Baum–Sweet sequence, is a fixed point of the morphism or string substitution rules
as follows:
From the morphism rules it can be seen that the Baum–Sweet word contains blocks of consecutive 0s of any length ("b""n" = 0 for all 2"k" integers in the range 5.2"k" ≤ "n" < 6.2"k"), but it contains no block of three consecutive 1s.
The Baum–Sweet sequence is the sequence of coefficients of the unique solution of the cubic equation "f" 3 + "Xf" + 1 = 0 in the field F2(("X" −1)) of formal Laurent series over F2.

</doc>
<doc id="20236434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236434" title="Synej">
Synej

Synej is a commune in Kavajë District, Albania.
Localities.
The Commune of Synej consists of the following 9 localities:

</doc>
<doc id="20236441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236441" title="List of railway stations in North Rhine-Westphalia">
List of railway stations in North Rhine-Westphalia

The list of railway stations in North Rhine-Westphalia gives an overview of the most important passenger stations operated by the Deutsche Bahn in North Rhine-Westphalia, based on the DB’s railway station categories.
All other passenger stations not mentioned belong to the lowest category 6 or 7.

</doc>
<doc id="20236446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236446" title="Alain Fauconnier">
Alain Fauconnier

Alain Fauconnier (born 20 February 1945) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Aveyron department and is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236462" title="Jean Faure">
Jean Faure

Jean Faure (born 14 January 1937) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Isère department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party. He served in French Army in Algeria during the Algerian War from 1957 to 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="20236477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236477" title="Helmës">
Helmës

Helmës is a commune in Kavajë District, Albania.
Localities.
The Commune of Helmës consists of the following 14 localities:

</doc>
<doc id="20236482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236482" title="Ohinemuri (New Zealand electorate)">
Ohinemuri (New Zealand electorate)

Ohinemuri is a former New Zealand parliamentary electorate. It existed from 1896 to 1928, and was represented by five Members of Parliament.
Population centres.
In the 1896 electoral redistribution, rapid population growth in the North Island required the transfer of three seats from the South Island to the north. Four electorates that previously existed were re-established, and three electorates were established for the first time, including Ohinemuri. The electorate was first used in the . The original area included the settlements of Paeroa, Waihi, and Te Aroha.
In the 1902 electoral redistribution, Waihi was lost to the electorate. In the 1907 electoral redistribution, Waihi came back to the Ohinemuri electorate, but Te Aroha was lost to the electorate. Ohinemuri was abolished in the 1927 electoral redistribution, and its area went to the and electorates.
History.
Alfred Cadman was the electorate's first representative. He had represented the area in Parliament since the . Cadman retired from the Lower House for appointment to the New Zealand Legislative Council at the end of the parliamentary term in 1899.
At the , Jackson Palmer defeated Edward Moss for the Ohinemuri electorate. Palmer had previously represented the electorate north of Auckland. At the , Moss in turn defeated Palmer. Moss was an Independent Liberal who bitterly opposed Premier Richard Seddon. At the , Moss was defeated by Hugh Poland of the Liberal Party. Poland became an independent in 1919, and was defeated in the by Albert Samuel.
When the electorate was abolished in 1928, Samuel transferred to the Thames electorate.
Members of Parliament.
Key
Election results.
1899 election.
Table footnotes:

</doc>
<doc id="20236483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236483" title="Françoise Férat">
Françoise Férat

Françoise Férat (born 5 March 1949) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. She represents the Marne department and is a member of the Centrist Alliance. 

</doc>
<doc id="20236497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236497" title="Cor Braasem">
Cor Braasem

Cornelius "Cor" Braasem (15 May 1923, Soemoeran - 14 February 2009, Alicante) was a Dutch water polo player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Soemoeran near Sibolga on Sumatra in the Dutch East Indies.
In 1948 he was captain of the Dutch water polo team which won the bronze medal at the Summer Olympics. He played all seven matches and scored six goals.
Four years later he again captained the Dutch team in the water polo tournament at the 1952 Games. He played all nine matches and scored at least five goals (not all scorers are known). Though beating all their opponents, except for a 4:4 draw against gold-medalists Hungary, the Dutch team took fifth place through a dubious incident: after the Dutch team had beaten the Yugoslavian team 3:2, the latter team challenged the result based on supposed partisanship of the (Belgian) referee. The Dutch lost the unlikely replay 1:2.
Braasem became a water polo coach in Barcelona in 1953 for both the Barcelona team and the Spanish national team. From 1959 to 1962 he was the coach of the Dutch national team, which took 8th place during the 1960 Summer Olympics. He also was active as a sports commentator, among other at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico. He lived the last forty years of his life in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="20236499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236499" title="Luz i Vogël">
Luz i Vogël

Luz i Vogël is a commune in Kavajë District, Albania.
Localities.
The Commune of Luz i Vogël consists of the following 4 localities:

</doc>
<doc id="20236501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236501" title="André Ferrand">
André Ferrand

André Ferrand (born 22 February 1936) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236504" title="Timeline of the 2001 Atlantic hurricane season">
Timeline of the 2001 Atlantic hurricane season

The 2001 Atlantic hurricane season was an average Atlantic hurricane season in which fifteen named storms formed. Although Tropical Storm Allison formed on June 5, the season officially began on June 1 and ended on November 30, dates that conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones develop in the Atlantic basin. The season's final storm, Hurricane Olga, dissipated on December 6.
The season produced seventeen tropical depressions, of which fifteen intensified into tropical storms, nine became hurricanes, and four became major hurricanes. The two most significant storms of the season, in terms of loss of life and damage, were Tropical Storm Allison and Hurricane Michelle. Tropical Storm Allison was an early season tropical storm that brought devastating rainfall to much of the Gulf Coast of the United States. The storm became the only storm in recorded history to have its name retired by the World Meteorological Organization. Hurricane Michelle was the strongest hurricane during the season, with winds reaching 140 mph (220 km/h), Category 4 hurricane status on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale. Michelle produced torrential rainfall across much of Central America and Cuba before moving through the Bahamas and dissipating on November 6.
This timeline includes information that was not operationally released, meaning that data from post-storm reviews by the National Hurricane Center, such as a storm that was not operationally warned upon, has been included. This timeline documents tropical cyclone formations, strengthening, weakening, landfalls, extratropical transitions, and dissipations during the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20236506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236506" title="Subcarpathian Regional Assembly">
Subcarpathian Regional Assembly

The Subcarpathian Regional Assembly () is the regional legislature of the voivodeship of Subcarpathian, Poland. It is a unicameral body consists of thirty-three councillors elected in free elections for a 4-year term. The current chairperson of the assembly is Andrzej Matusiewicz. 
The Regional Assembly meets in the Marshal's Office in Rzeszów.
Districts.
Members of the Assembly are elected from five districts, serve four-year terms. Districts does not have the constituencies formal names. Instead, each constituency has a number and territorial description.

</doc>
<doc id="20236519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236519" title="Lekaj">
Lekaj

Lekaj is a commune in Kavajë District, Albania.
Localities.
The Commune of Lekaj consists of the following 11 localities:

</doc>
<doc id="20236520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236520" title="Jean-Luc Fichet">
Jean-Luc Fichet

Jean-Luc Fichet (born 15 July 1953) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Finistère department and is a member of the Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236521" title="Martin Jankowski">
Martin Jankowski

Martin Jankowski (* 1965 in Greifswald) is a German writer and poet.
Life.
He grew up in Gotha and was part of the GDR's oppositional movement and the legendary Monday demonstrations (that lead to the fall of the Berlin Wall) of the 1980s in Leipzig as singer and poet. Besides numerous songs, poems and narrations he has also published texts for the stage, essays and one novel. He currently lives in Berlin. Since 2000 he worked as author and curator for several museums and international art projects, amongst them the legendary Heinz Berggruen Collection and the Ethnological Museum of Berlin. In the spring of 2003 he was guest lecturer for new German literature in Indonesia at the Universitas Indonesia. From 2001 to 2004 he was also involved in the coordination of the internationales literaturfestival berlin, later he was responsible for the “Specials” section of the festival. From November 2003 to May 2004, he was chairman of the Deutsch-Indonesisches Kulturinstitut in Berlin and since May 2004 hosts the “Literatursalon am Kollwitzplatz“ for the literary magazine ndl. Since November 2005, he is also chairman of the Berliner Literarische Aktion e.V.. In 2006, he received the Alfred-Döblin-grant of the Deutsche Akademie der Künste and undertook a reading tour through Indonesia sponsored by the IndonesiaTera foundation and the German embassy. From 2007 to 2010 he also hosted the “Literatursalon Mitte” in Berlin’s historical quarter Scheunenviertel and since 2012 also the "Literatursalon Karlshorst". Besides these numerous activities, Jankowski regularly works as editor and theatre director. 2011 he directed the "Jakarta Berlin Arts Festival" in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20236523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236523" title="Sponge iron reaction">
Sponge iron reaction

The sponge iron reaction (SIR) is a chemical process based on redox cycling of an iron-based contact mass, the first cycle is a conversion step between iron metal (Fe) and wuestite (FeO), the second cycle is a conversion step between wuestite (FeO) and magnetite (Fe3O4). In application, the SIT is used in the reformer sponge iron cycle (RESC) in combination with a steam reforming unit.
Process description.
The process has two modes, a reduction mode and an oxidation mode.
Application.
The reformer sponge iron cycle is a two step cycle to produce hydrogen from hydrocarbon fuels based SIR and steam.
Reformer Sponge Iron Cycle.
In the first step the hydrocarbon fuel is reformed to syngas in the reformer which is then used to reduce the iron oxide (magnetite - Fe3O4) to iron (wüstite - FeO), in the second step steam is utilized to re-oxidise the iron into magnetite and hydrogen. The iron oxide pellets are placed in a pelletbed and have a service life of several thousand redox cycles.

</doc>
<doc id="20236525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236525" title="Gosë">
Gosë

Gosë is a commune in Kavajë District, Albania.
Localities.
The Commune of Gosë consists of the following 4 localities:

</doc>
<doc id="20236528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236528" title="François Fortassin">
François Fortassin

François Fortassin (born 2 August 1939) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Hautes-Pyrénées department and is a secretary of the Senate and a member of the Radical Party of the Left.

</doc>
<doc id="20236538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236538" title="World Sinfonia – La Melodia">
World Sinfonia – La Melodia

World Sinfonia – La Melodia is a live album by guitar virtuoso Al Di Meola, released in 2008. It features his recent band with members Fausto Beccalossi (accordion), Peo Alfonsi (second acoustic guitar) and Gumbi Ortiz (cajon).

</doc>
<doc id="20236539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236539" title="List of railway stations in Lower Saxony">
List of railway stations in Lower Saxony

The current ranking of railway stations operated by the Deutsche Bahn in Lower Saxony, Germany, is given in the table below. Note that Hbf is the abbreviation for "Hauptbahnhof" (main or central station).
All other stations belong to the lowest categories, classes 6 and 7.

</doc>
<doc id="20236548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236548" title="Hennie Keetelaar">
Hennie Keetelaar

Hendrikus "Hennie" Zacharias Keetelaar (January 23, 1927 – January 28, 2002) was a Dutch water polo player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Hilversum and died in Alphen aan den Rijn.
In 1948 he was a member of the Dutch water polo team which won the bronze medal. He played two matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20236553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236553" title="Alain Fouché">
Alain Fouché

Alain Fouché (born 4 December 1942) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Vienne department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236564" title="Sibling Revelry">
Sibling Revelry

Sibling Revelry is the debut album by American progressive rock band The Flyin' Ryan Brothers, released in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20236571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236571" title="Sinaballaj">
Sinaballaj

Sinaballaj is a commune located in Kavajë District, Albania. It is an administrative part of Rrogozhinë Municipality.
Localities.
The Commune of Sinaballaj consists of the following 11 localities:

</doc>
<doc id="20236577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236577" title="Jean-Pierre Fourcade">
Jean-Pierre Fourcade

Jean-Pierre Fourcade (born 18 October 1929 in Marmande, Lot-et-Garonne) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Hauts-de-Seine department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party. He is former minister for Economics and Finance (1974–1976), and equipment (1976–1981).

</doc>
<doc id="20236586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236586" title="Consumer Futures">
Consumer Futures

The National Consumer Council, operating as Consumer Futures, is a non-departmental public body and statutory consumer organisation in England, Wales, Scotland, and, for postal services, Northern Ireland. It was established by the Consumers, Estate Agents and Redress Act 2007, and began operations in 2008 by the merging Postwatch, Energywatch and the Welsh, Scottish and National Consumer Councils under the Consumer Focus brand.
Following the UK Government's 2010 Spending Review, Consumer Focus was replaced by Consumer Futures in May 2013. Consumer Futures is funded by the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills (BIS) and is due to be transferred to the Citizens Advice Bureau service in April 2014.
History.
The National Consumer Council was established by the Consumers, Estate Agents and Redress Act 2007, which merged Postwatch, Energywatch and the Welsh, Scottish and National Consumer Councils as a single organisation under the Consumer Focus brand. The Act gave Consumer Focus the right to investigate any consumer complaint if they are of wider interest, the right to open up information from providers, the power to conduct research and the ability to make an official super-complaint about failing services.
The Government announced in October 2010 that as part of its spending review, Consumer Focus would be abolished, and the Consumer Direct helpline would be taken over by the Citizens Advice Bureau network. The Government announced that some Consumer Focus' functions would transfer to Citizens Advice, Citizens Advice Scotland and the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland following the Public Bodies Act 2011 and any necessary secondary legislation.
Areas of work.
One of the first causes taken up by Consumer Focus after its establishment was fuel poverty. In 2010, Consumer Focus examined payday loans in the United Kingdom, as the number of people taking out payday loans in the UK in recent years has increased four-fold, to 1.2 million in 2009.
Predecessor organisations.
Energywatch.
Energywatch was charged with protecting and promoting the interests of all gas and electricity consumers in England, Scotland and Wales. Energywatch was created in November 2000 under the provisions of the Utilities Act 2000. The last Chief Executive was Allan Asher.
The organisation offered consumer information and advice, and pursued certain complaints which the energy suppliers have failed to resolve. In March 2005, Energywatch made a super-complaint to OFGEM about suppliers' billing practices. In response, OFGEM reduced the period within which suppliers could back-bill customers, and required suppliers to introduce a Billing Code of Practice on billing and an ombudsman scheme to resolve difficult complaints. Other issues tackled by Energywatch included energy mis-selling, customer transfers, debt issues, and disconnection.
In 2008, Energywatch was disbanded and replaced with Consumer Direct. Whilst Consumer Direct retained the primary function of Energywatch, to give advice over the telephone on energy related issues, it ceased to take on individual cases to resolve them.
Postwatch.
Postwatch (officially: the Consumer Council for Postal Services) was a non-departmental public body set up in January 2001 - by Section 2 of the Postal Services Act 2000 to help customers with any issues or complaints they had with any Postal Service (including the Royal Mail) in the United Kingdom. It was funded by, and was accountable to, the Department of Trade and Industry and from 2007 the Department for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform.
Postwatch worked to ensure customers receive the best possible postal service. As well as dealing with consumer queries and complaints, Postwatch investigated matters that were relevant to users of UK postal services or relating to the number and location of post offices. Postwatch was directed by an appointed part-time Council (with an appointed Chair), and a Chief Executive (not a Council Member). The final Chief Executive was Howard Webber.

</doc>
<doc id="20236592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236592" title="Bernard Fournier">
Bernard Fournier

Bernard Fournier (born 13 September 1946) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Loire department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236595" title="Kryevidh">
Kryevidh

Kryevidh is a commune in Kavajë District, Albania.
Localities.
The Commune of Kryevidh consists of the following 13 localities:

</doc>
<doc id="20236600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236600" title="Nijs Korevaar">
Nijs Korevaar

Nijs Cornelis Korevaar (born 31 December 1927, Mijnsheerenland) is a Dutch water polo player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
In 1948 he was a member of the Dutch water polo team which won the bronze medal. He played all seven matches and scored four goals.
Four years later he finished fifth with the Dutch team in the water polo tournament at the 1952 Games. He played all nine matches and scored at least three goals (not all scorers are known).
Korevaar is the younger brother of the mathematician Jacob Korevaar.[http://www.gjkorevaar.nl/Korevaar_Nijs_Cornelia_Wepster.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20236601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236601" title="Jean-Paul Fournier">
Jean-Paul Fournier

Jean-Paul Fournier (born 16 October 1945) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France and mayor of Nimes. He represents the Gard department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236606" title="Christophe-André Frassa">
Christophe-André Frassa

Christophe-André Frassa (born 4 February 1968) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.
References.
http://www.senat.fr/listes/senatl.html

</doc>
<doc id="20236610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236610" title="Softball at the 1998 Asian Games">
Softball at the 1998 Asian Games

Softball was contested by seven teams at the 1998 Asian Games in Bangkok, Thailand from December 7 to December 16.

</doc>
<doc id="20236618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236618" title="Yann Gaillard">
Yann Gaillard

Yann Gaillard (born 9 October 1936 in ) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Aube department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.
He was appointed to the Senate following the death of Bernard Laurent, for whom Gaillard was the substitute at the time. Elected for the first time in the elections of 27 September 1998, he was re-elected in the election of 21 September 2008, where he was awarded the second seat in Aubes.
He is a member, and the Rapporteur, for the Finance commission.

</doc>
<doc id="20236635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236635" title="Reynel Hugnatan">
Reynel Hugnatan

Reynel Frances T. Hugnatan (born November 3, 1978 in Bacolod City, Negros Occidental) is a Filipino Professional basketball player of the Philippine Basketball Association. He is currently playing for the Meralco Bolts, after being traded from the Alaska Aces in February 2011.
Player Profile.
The 6'4 forward is a trusted big man when it comes to doing the dirty works and guarding the best pivot players in the league. Hugnatan’s job most of the time is to limit the league’s best scoring big men and sometimes the imports of their rivals. He is a resident enforcer and a primary post defender.

</doc>
<doc id="20236638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236638" title="Joëlle Garriaud-Maylam">
Joëlle Garriaud-Maylam

Joëlle Garriaud-Maylam (born 20 March 1955) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. She is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236643" title="Frits Smol">
Frits Smol

Frits Smol (July 6, 1924 – November 1, 2006) was a Dutch water polo player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in The Hague.
In 1948 he was a member of the Dutch water polo team which won the bronze medal. He played all seven matches and scored ten goals.
Four years later he finished fifth with the Dutch team in the water polo tournament at the 1952 Games. He played all nine matches and scored eight goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20236650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236650" title="Stored Communications Act">
Stored Communications Act

The Stored Communications Act (SCA, codified at 18 U.S.C. Chapter 121 §§ 2701–2712) is a law that addresses voluntary and compelled disclosure of "stored wire and electronic communications and transactional records" held by third-party internet service providers (ISPs). It was enacted as Title II of the Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA, ).
The Fourth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution protects the people's right "to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures…." However, when applied to information stored online, the Fourth Amendment's protections are potentially far weaker. In part, this is because the Fourth Amendment defines the "right to be secure" in spatial terms that do not directly apply to the "reasonable expectation of privacy" in an online context. In addition, society has not reached clear consensus over expectations of privacy in terms of more modern (and developing, future) forms of recorded and/or transmitted information.
Furthermore, users generally entrust the security of online information to a third party, an ISP. In many cases, Fourth Amendment doctrine has held that, in so doing, users relinquish any expectation of privacy. The Third-Party Doctrine holds "…that knowingly revealing information to a third party relinquishes Fourth Amendment protection in that information." While a search warrant and probable cause are required to search one’s home, under the third party doctrine only a subpoena and prior notice (a much lower hurdle than probable cause) are needed to compel an ISP to disclose the contents of an email or of files stored on a server.
The SCA creates Fourth Amendment-like privacy protection for email and other digital communications stored on the internet. It limits the ability of the government to compel an ISP to turn over content information and noncontent information (such as logs and "envelope" information from email). In addition, it limits the ability of commercial ISPs to reveal content information to nongovernment entities.
Overview.
Section 2701 of the SCA provides criminal penalties for anyone who "intentionally accesses without authorization a facility through which an electronic communication service is provided or… intentionally exceeds an authorization to access that facility; and thereby obtains, alters, or prevents authorized access to a wire or electronic communication while it is in electronic storage in such system shall be punished ... ."
The section 2702 of the SCA targets two types of online service, "electronic communication services" and "remote computing services." The statute defines an electronic communication service as "…any service which provides to users thereof the ability to send or receive wire or electronic communications." A remote computing service is defined as "the provision to the public of computer storage or processing services by means of an electronic communications system."
Section 2702 of the SCA describes conditions under which a public ISP can voluntarily disclose customer communications or records. In general, ISPs are forbidden to "divulge to any person or entity the contents of any communication which is carried or maintained on that service." However, ISPs are allowed to share "non-content" information, such as log data and the name and email address of the recipient, with anyone other than a governmental entity. In addition, ISPs that do not offer services to the public, such as businesses and universities, can freely disclose content and non-content information. An ISP can disclose the contents of a subscriber's communications authorized by that subscriber.
Section 2703 of the SCA describes the conditions under which the government is able to compel an ISP to disclose "customer or subscriber" content and non-content information for each of these types of service:
Section 2705(b) () also provides for gag orders, which direct the recipient of a 2703(d) order to refrain from disclosing the existence of the order or investigation.
Section 3123(d)(2) () also provides for gag orders, which direct the recipient of a pen register or trap and trace device order not to disclose the existence of the pen/trap or the investigation.
Constitutionality of Compelled Government Disclosure.
With respect to the government’s ability to compel disclosure, the most significant distinction made by the SCA is between communications held in electronic communications services, which require a search warrant and probable cause, and those in remote computing services, which require only a subpoena or court order, with prior notice. This lower level of protection is essentially the same as would be provided by the Fourth Amendment—or potentially less, since notice can be delayed indefinitely in 90-day increments. Orin Kerr argues that, "the SCA was passed to bolster the weak Fourth Amendment privacy protections that applied to the Internet. Incorporating those weak Fourth Amendment principles into statutory law makes little sense." In "Warshak v U.S." (2007) this point of view found fleeting support from a panel of the Sixth Circuit, which ruled that a reasonable expectation of privacy extends to emails that would otherwise fall under the SCA’s lower level of protection: "Where the third party is not expected to access the e-mails in the normal course of business, however, the party maintains a reasonable expectation of privacy, and subpoenaing the entity with mere custody over the documents is insufficient to trump the Fourth Amendment warrant requirement." Subsequently, the Sixth Circuit "en banc" vacated the panel's ruling and remanded for dismissal of the constitutional claim, reasoning that, because the Court had "no idea whether the government will conduct an "ex parte" search of Warshak’s e-mail account in the future and plenty of reason to doubt that it will," the matter was not ripe for adjudication. Zerwillinger and Sommer observed that this decision erected a barrier to "prospective" challenges by individuals with reason to believe they will be targets of surveillance. While Warshak's civil case ended without a resolution to this issue, his criminal case provided another opportunity. In "United States v. Warshak" (2010) the Sixth Circuit found that email users have a Fourth Amendment-protected reasonable expectation of privacy in the contents of their email accounts and that "to the extent that the SCA purports to permit the government to obtain such emails warrantlessly, the SCA is unconstitutional."
In "In re Application of the United States for Historical Cell Site Data", 724 F.3d 600 (5th Cir. 2013), the Fifth Circuit held that court orders under the Stored Communications Act compelling cell phone providers to disclose historical cell site information are not per se unconstitutional.
Robbins v. Lower Merion School District.
The Act was invoked in the 2010 "Robbins v. Lower Merion School District" case, where plaintiffs charged two suburban Philadelphia high schools secretly spied on students by surreptitiously and remotely activating webcams embedded in school-issued laptops the students were using at home, violating their right to privacy. The schools admitted to secretly snapping over 66,000 webshots and screenshots, including webcam shots of students in their bedrooms.

</doc>
<doc id="20236653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236653" title="Baldushk">
Baldushk

Baldushk is a municipality in the Tirana District, Tirana County, central Albania.
Villages.
Baldushk is with 14 villages

</doc>
<doc id="20236656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236656" title="So Much Love (song)">
So Much Love (song)

So Much Love is a song written by Gerry Goffin and Carole King. In 1967 it was covered by The Hour Glass and in 1969 by Dusty Springfield.
As a R&B/Soul/Pop song it was also covered by Blood, Sweat & Tears, Eric Burdon, Darlene Love, David Garrick, Steve Alaimo, Maurice & Mac, Ben E. King, Percy Sledge and others.
In 2000 George Nooks performed it as a reggae.

</doc>
<doc id="20236670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236670" title="Damir Kojašević">
Damir Kojašević

Damir Kojašević (Serbian Cyrillic: Дамир Којашевић; born 3 June 1987 in Podgorica) is a Montenegrin footballer playing for FC Astana.
Career.
While playing for FK Sarajevo, he was considered to be one of the best players in the Premijer Liga. In January 2012, he was traded to FK Budućnost Podgorica.

</doc>
<doc id="20236672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236672" title="1945–46 Serie C">
1945–46 Serie C

The Serie C 1945-1946 was a special edition of this Italian Association Football competition. Best clubs of Northern Italy were admitted as special guests into the Serie B-C Alta Italia 1945–46.
Northern Italy.
Northern Italy sides were diveded in several rounds ("gironi"). The winners qualified to a tournament to determine the only team promoted to Serie B 1946-47. None of the teams relegated.
Final.
Mestrina promoted to Serie B 1946-47.
Central and Southern Italy.
All the winners of the rounds ("gironi") were promoted to Serie B 1946-47; however, clubs participating as special guests could not be promoted. Later other teams were admitted to Serie B to create a southern round.

</doc>
<doc id="20236673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236673" title="Gisèle Gautier">
Gisèle Gautier

Gisèle Gautier (born 9 December 1938) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. She represents the Loire-Atlantique department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236679" title="Jeffrey Cariaso">
Jeffrey Cariaso

Jeffrey J. Cariaso is a retired Filipino professional basketball player of the Philippine Basketball Association. He is the former starting off-guard for the Alaska Aces.
Player Profile.
Alaska.
He was first drafted by the Alaska Aces (then known as the Alaska Milkmen) during the 1995 PBA Draft as the sixth overall. During his rookie year, he won the Rookie of the Year Award. And in only his second year in the league, he achieved a rare grand slam with the Alaska Aces where he was instrumental in that majestic championship run.
Mobiline & Tanduay Years.
Before the start of the 1997 PBA season, Cariaso was traded to the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters (then known as the Mobiline Phone Pals) where he was a primary offensive threat for the team. After his tenure with Talk 'N Text, he was again sent to the expansion team Tanduay Rhum Masters. He bannered the team alongside Sonny Alvarado and Rudy Hatfield. They won the special 1998 Centennial Cup.
Reunion with Johnny Abarrientos.
After Tanduay folded in 2001, he was then picked by the Coca-Cola Tigers where he got reunited with Johnny Abarrientos. They won a couple of championships which include the 2002 All-Filipino Cup against his former team Alaska and the 2003 Reinforced Conference against San Miguel. He last tasted a championship with Talk 'N Text prior to this. He also received the most number of awards in his career during his tenure with the Tigers. Also, Coca-Cola was the only team that made it to the finals of all three conferences in 2003.
Return to Alaska and Twilight Years.
In the middle of the 2004-05 PBA season, he along with Bong Hawkins were traded back to the Alaska Aces in exchange for all-stars John Arigo and Ali Peek.
Jeff was the last active player remaining on that Alaska Grand Slam team of 1996.
In the semifinals of the 2010 PBA fiesta conference, he announced his retirement after playing 15 seasons in the league. His number 22 was also retired by the Alaska Aces and the Coca-Cola Tigers.
Career statistics.
"Correct as of November 17, 2011"

</doc>
<doc id="20236685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236685" title="Bërzhitë">
Bërzhitë

Bërzhitë is a municipality in the Tirana District, Tirana County, central Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Ibë, Ibë e Poshtme, Bërzhitë, Dobresh, Pëllumbas, Mihajas-Cirmë, Kus, Fravesh, Kllojkë, Pashkashesh, Lugë-Shalqizë, Rozaverë.

</doc>
<doc id="20236688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236688" title="Under 17 Bundesliga">
Under 17 Bundesliga

The Under 17 Bundesliga (German: B-Junioren Bundesliga) is the highest level of play in German football for male juniors between the ages of 15 and 17. It was formed in 2007 and operates in three regional divisions with 14 clubs each. At the end of season, the three league winners and one of the runners-up determine the German champions for this age group.
History.
The league was formed in 2007, when the five "U 17 Regionalligas" merged to form the three "Bundesligas" as follows:
As such, the German Football Association followed the example it had set with the "Under 19 Bundesligas" in 2004, which were reorganised in the same fashion. 
The "Regionalligas" itself had only been formed in 2000, to replace an even more regionalised system with separate leagues for every regional football association.
Modus.
The clubs in each of the three divisions play a home-and-away round whereby there is no inter-league play. Every club plays therefore 26 regular season games. The bottom three teams in each division are relegated to the next level below, in turn, the best three teams from the region are promoted.
The winner of each league plus the runners-up of the "South/Southwest" region play in the finals round for the German Under 17 championship. The semi-finals are played in a home-and-away format. If the two semi-final teams playing each other are level on points and goals after the second game, there will be a penalty shoot-out. No extra time will be played.
The two semi-final winners reach the final, which is held at the location of the winner of the predetermined semi-final "A", unless the teams stadium does not comply with DFB requirement, in which case an alternative venue will be determined. In the final, which is one game only, in case of a draw after normal time, a 20 minute extra time will be played. If the game is still a draw, a penalty shoot-out will determine the winner.
Geography.
The three "Bundesligas" are not geographically balanced, "North/Northeast" covers a large area while "West" a rather small one, but in population termes, the arrangement is much more level. The three leagues cover the following states:
League pyramide.
Below the three "Bundesligas", a number of second tier leagues exist which teams are promoted from and relegated to. The league system operates as follows for the 2008–09 season.
Under 17 Bundesliga North/Northeast.
The league has two second divisions as the tier below, these being:
The league champions are directly promoted while the two runners-ups play each other for a third promotion spot
Under 17 Bundesliga South/Southwest.
The league has four second divisions as the tier below, these being:
The winners of the "Oberliga Baden-Württemberg" and "Bayernliga" are directly promoted. A third promoted team is determined between the winners of the "Hessenliga" and the "Regionalliga Southwest".
Under 17 Bundesliga West.
The league has three second divisions as the tier below, these being:
The three league champions are directly promoted.
Levels of youth football.
German football recognises seven levels of junior football, determined by age and labeled with letters, whereby "A" is the oldest. In the "A" level, mixed teams of male and females are not permitted while in "B" and "C" mixed teams are allowed if the parents or guardians of the children permit it. Below the "C" level, mixed teams are generally permitted without restrictions.
Championship winners.
The German under 17 football championship begun in 1977, with the first final being played on 3 July 1977 in Niefern.
Winners & Finalists.
As of 2013, this is the standing in the all-time winners list:
Clubs & league finishes.
The clubs and their league finishes in the Under 17 Bundesliga since 2007–08. Also shown are the final placing of the qualifying season 2006–07 and the Regionalliga or region, in color, the clubs qualified from:

</doc>
<doc id="20236691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236691" title="Jacques Gautier">
Jacques Gautier

Jacques Gautier (born 18 September 1946) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Hauts-de-Seine department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236692" title="Ruud van Feggelen">
Ruud van Feggelen

Rudolf "Ruud" Frederik Otto van Feggelen (14 April 1924, Amsterdam – 9 August 2002, Deventer) was a Dutch water polo player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Van Feggelen was born to Ms. I. van Feggelen-Hogendijken and Mr. G.J.M. van Feggelen, he was a younger brother of the renown backstroke swimmer Iet van Feggelen (1921–2012). In 1948 he was a member of the Dutch water polo team that won bronze medals at the Summer Olympics. He played all seven matches and scored 16 goals. Four years later he finished fifth with the Dutch team in the water polo tournament at the 1952 Games. He played all nine matches and scored 18 goals. Between these games, he won a gold medal at the 1950 European Aquatics Championships with the Dutch team.
After retirement, he coached the national team between 1962 and 1966. In his honor, the "Ruud van Feggelen-Award" was established to distinguish the water polo player of the year in the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20236698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236698" title="Krrabë">
Krrabë

Krrabë is a municipality in the Tirana District, Tirana County, central Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20236702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236702" title="Patrice Gélard">
Patrice Gélard

Patrice Gélard (born 3 August 1938) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Seine-Maritime department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236703" title="BL 18 inch railway howitzer">
BL 18 inch railway howitzer

The British Ordnance BL 18 inch howitzer on truck, railway was developed during World War I as part of the progression of ever-larger howitzers on the Western Front, but did not enter service until 1920.
History.
Five guns and two complete equipments on railway wagons were produced. After World War I there was no use for such large but relatively short-ranged weapons and they were placed in storage. In World War II the two wagons were used to mount 13.5 inch guns, which were capable of engaging targets on the German-occupied Channel coast of France. In late 1940 one 18-inch howitzer was mounted on the railway mounting Boche Buster which had been used in World War I to carry a 14-inch gun. It was deployed at Bishopsbourne in Kent on the Elham to Canterbury Line as a coast defence gun as a precaution against possible German invasion. The gun's range was insufficient for cross-Channel firing and hence it was never fired in action.
Survivors.
A single gun barrel, number one, survives. In 2008 the weapon was put on display at the Royal Artillery headquarters at Larkhill. In March 2013 it was loaned to the "Spoorwegmuseum", the Dutch national rail museum. In September 2013 it was moved to the Royal Armouries artillery museum at Fort Nelson, Hampshire. It is mounted on a proofing carriage, a gun carriage with very limited elevation and traverse intended for test firing.

</doc>
<doc id="20236709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236709" title="David Rocyn-Jones">
David Rocyn-Jones

Sir David Thomas Rocyn-Jones CBE, K St J, DL, JP (16 November, 1862-30 April, 1953) was a Welsh medical officer of health and servant of multiple professional bodies within Wales.
Professional career.
Rocyn-Jones was born in Rhymney to a notable bonesetter, Thomas Rocyn Jones and Mary Rees, who was a descendent of the preacher Rhys Davies. He was educated at Lewis School, Pengam, and later the University College, Cardiff. Rocyn-Jones passed his MB in 1897 while at University of Edinburgh and then returned to Wales to become a general practitioner in Abertillery where he also held the post of chief surgeon at the Powell colleries. After passing his DPH qualifications in Oxford, he was made the first Medical Officer for Health for Monmouthshire, responsible for prevention strategies for ill-health within the county. When he left the post in 1946, he was succeeded by his son, Gwyn.
Rocyn-Jones continued his relationship with University College, Cardiff, becoming its vice-president, and would later become involved in the creation of the University of Wales College of Medicine. In 1920 he was awarded the CBE, and in 1948 was knighted.
Association to professional bodies.
Rocyn-Jones served on many professional bodies, including the British Medical Association and St. John Ambulance. In 1947 he became Predident of the Welsh Rugby Union, taking over from Horace Lyne, and held the post until his death in 1953. In 1964, his son Nathan would follow his father when he too became President of the WRU.
Private life.
Rocyn Jones married Alla Jones in 1901. They had four sons, two of whom, Gwyn and Nathan, continued the family tradition of entering the medical profession. Nathan would not only follow his grandfather's profession, of working with bones, by becoming an orthopaedic surgeon, but would also continue the family links to rugby by representing Wales in 1925. 
Rocyn-Jones was a religious man and a staunch Congregationalist.

</doc>
<doc id="20236712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236712" title="Over It (band)">
Over It (band)

Over It is a rock band from Orange County, California. Originally from Alexandria, Virginia, the band formed in 1998 to play pop punk, and has since developed a more mainstream rock sound with punk roots. They were most recently signed to Virgin Records, but are currently unsigned and inactive.
The band, originally a four-piece, started out on Negative Progression Records. After gaining a small but solid fan base, the band was picked up by Lobster Records, on which they released "Timing Is Everything in" 2002, and "Silverstrand" in 2005. "Silverstrand" chronicles the band's move to southern California, and is their most focused work to date. Also in 2005, the band added Ryan Ogren as an extra guitar player. They released their Virgin Records debut, "Step Outside Yourself", in late August 2006. They played an acoustic set at the first Bamboozle Left Festival which took place in Pomona, California.
Over It's five members also formed and perform as a second band, Runner Runner, in which Ogren sings lead.
On August 28, 2012, Munters released his first solo acoustic album, "Wood & Wire". During interviews to promote that album, he confirmed that Over It has not disbanded, and speculated about a reunion and new material.

</doc>
<doc id="20236713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236713" title="Bruno Gilles">
Bruno Gilles

Bruno Gilles (born 26 December 1960) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Bouches-du-Rhône department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236726" title="WD ex-LMS Fowler Class 3F">
WD ex-LMS Fowler Class 3F

The War Department ex-LMS Fowler Class 3F consisted of 8 LMS Fowler Class 3F 0-6-0T steam locomotives requisitioned in 1940 from the London Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS).
The Class 3F 0-6-0Ts were selected by the War Department to be their standard shunting engine. Eight engines were prepared and exported to France during the Phoney War and were used to support British forces there. In an attempt to standardise locomotives were chosen from the 1928 batch built by William Beardmore & Co., with the exception of one Hunslet-built engine, No. 7589. Three are thought to have been destroyed by retreating British forces during the chaotic retreat of the Fall of France but the remaining five were left behind and were subsequently pressed into SNCF service as their 030.TW class on "Région Nord".
It was later (1943) decided to adopt the Hunslet Austerity 0-6-0ST as the War Department's shunting steam engine, so no more were required.
After the liberation of Europe, the surviving five were returned in August and September 1948, by which time the LMS had been nationalised into British Railways, and they assumed their original numbers within the ex-LMS Fowler Class 3F 0-6-0Ts, albeit with the addition of 40000 standard to most ex-LMS locomotives.
The eight engines concerned were as follows:
Of these WD No. 9 (ex-LMS 7611) was sent instead of 1928 Hunslet built No. 7587 which had been prepared for WD service.
The following engines more engines were ordered to be prepared for service but were not actually sent. These were quickly returned to LMS stock, and the allocated WD numbers were reused for ex-LMS diesel shunters. All these were also Beardmore engines:

</doc>
<doc id="20236728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236728" title="Colette Giudicelli">
Colette Giudicelli

Colette Giudicelli (born November 24, 1943 in Algiers, French Algeria) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. She represents the Alpes-Maritimes department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236733" title="Shëngjergj">
Shëngjergj

Shëngjergj is a municipality in the Tirana District, Tirana County, central Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20236749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236749" title="Alain Gournac">
Alain Gournac

Alain Gournac (born 13 September 1943) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Yvelines department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236750" title="Colorama (album)">
Colorama (album)

Colorama is the second album by American progressive rock band The Flyin' Ryan Brothers, released in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20236760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236760" title="Alpena News">
Alpena News

The Alpena News is a general daily newspaper in the City of Alpena, Michigan. USA. It has an approximate circulation of 10,000, and is published by Ogden Newspapers Inc. News reports are available on line. The paper was founded in 1902. The paper currently has between 20 to 50 employees. 
It is the newspaper of record for Alpena County. The circulation area of the Alpena News covers much of Northern Michigan, with a particular emphasis on counties in the northeast lower peninsula.
"The Alpena News" is owned by Ogden Newspapers, which includes Escanaba's "Daily Press", Houghton's "The Daily Mining Gazette", Iron Mountain "Daily News", Marquette's "The Mining Journal", and "Discover".
Editorial Staff.
Steve Murch: Managing Editor<br>
Chris Dobrowolski: Sports editor<br>
Diane Speer: Lifestyles Editor<br>
Jessica Nikolich: Copy Editor<br>
Andrew Westrope: Reporter - Alcona County<br>
Jordan Travis: Reporter - Presque Isle County<br>
Emliy Siegmon: Reporter - Education, Montmorency County<br>
Steve Schulwitz: Reporter - Alpena County<br>
James Anderson: Sports Writer<br>
open: Photographer

</doc>
<doc id="20236768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236768" title="Adrien Gouteyron">
Adrien Gouteyron

Adrien Gouteyron (born 13 May 1933) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Haute-Loire department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party. 

</doc>
<doc id="20236775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236775" title="List of railway stations in Rhineland-Palatinate">
List of railway stations in Rhineland-Palatinate

This list covers all passenger railway stations and halts in the Rhineland-Palatinate that are served by scheduled services.
Description.
This list is organised as follows:
¹ Stations on the "Rhein-Haardtbahn" are not included due to the tramway-like character of the route.

</doc>
<doc id="20236782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236782" title="Dajt">
Dajt

Dajt is a municipality in the Tirana District, Tirana County, central Albania.
Seal.
The seal of the municipality derives from the coat of arms of the medieval Albanian noble family of Skurra.

</doc>
<doc id="20236784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236784" title="Sylvie Goy-Chavent">
Sylvie Goy-Chavent

Sylvie Goy-Chavent (born 23 May 1963) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. She represents the Ain department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236795" title="Vagrich Bakhchanyan">
Vagrich Bakhchanyan

Vagrich (Vahrij) Hakobi (Akopovich) Bakhchanyan (; ;; born May 23, 1938 in Kharkiv, Soviet Ukraine - November 12, 2009, New York, USA) was a Soviet and American painter, artist and writer-conceptualist (and/or conceptual poet and writer) of Armenian origin and in the Russian language.
Biography.
He was born to an ethnic Armenian family in Kharkiv, Ukraine, where he grew up, studied and began painting. In the mid-1960s he moved to Moscow, where worked at Literaturnaya Gazeta. In 1974 Bakhchanyan emigrated to United States, and lived in New York, where he was active in the literary and art scene. There he collaborated with Russian and Soviet émigré writers Sergei Dovlatov, Alexander Genis, and Naum Sagalovsky (Наум Сагаловський, Kyiv, 1935), among others. He died on November 12, 2009 in New York City. According to Vagrich’s last will, his ashes were scattered high in the Geghama mountains (Armenia), over a stone covered with ancient petroglyphs.

</doc>
<doc id="20236802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236802" title="Francis Grignon">
Francis Grignon

Francis Grignon (born 3 January 1944) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Bas-Rhin department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236812" title="Mikhail Yupp">
Mikhail Yupp

Mikhail Yevsevyevich Yupp ("Михаил Евсевиевич Юпп", born July 5, 1938, Leningrad) is a Russian poet and academic. He lives in Philadelphia, US.
Some of his books are illustrated by Mikhail Shemyakin.
Awards.
Yupp was awarded by "Pushkin" medal and a diplom of "Russian America" newspaper as "The best poet of 2005".

</doc>
<doc id="20236813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236813" title="Greenwich District Hospital">
Greenwich District Hospital

Greenwich District Hospital was an acute district general hospital situated in Greenwich, London. It was built in the 1960s on the site of St. Alfege's Hospital, Greenwich.
In order to build a hospital with a large enough capacity for the requirements of the local population (up to 800 beds) on a small site (less than 8 acres), a single large building was designed. The wards were located around the outside of the building, to receive natural light, while other departments such as operating theatres and laboratories were situated in the centre. The engineering services were contained in gaps between the floor and ceiling of each pair of storeys, so that maintenance work could be carried out without disruption to the running of the clinical areas of the hospital. The interior design was based on large, open areas which maximised the use of the available space, and which could be altered to match changing demands. The entire hospital was ventilated artificially to improve air quality.
The hospital closed in 2001, and its services were moved to Queen Elizabeth Hospital. Some scenes from the film "About A Boy" were filmed in the closed hospital prior to its demolition in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20236815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236815" title="Charles Guené">
Charles Guené

Charles Guené (born 6 April 1952) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Haute-Marne department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236829" title="Michel Guerry">
Michel Guerry

Michel Guerry (born 2 December 1932) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236835" title="Abhinav Bharat">
Abhinav Bharat

Abhinav Bharat is right-wing Hindu terrorist organization based in Maharastra, India. Its agenda and program of ultra-Rightwing Hinduism more radical and extreme than that of the Sangh Parivar. The entity gained prominence when its members were arrested for allegedly perpetrating the Malegaon bombing. The 2nd Abhinav Bharat, a Public Charitable Trust, affirms that the two entities have no connection of any kind, and are antithetical in nature, with itself, the Trust being one that "works for a pluralist, peaceful, just and humane society," does not indulge in or condone acts of violence or illegal activities, and, in order to protect its own reputation, has filed a Public-Interest Litigation (PIL) Writ Petition (WP) #02 of 2009 in the Bombay High Court against the use of its name by the neo-Sawarkarite organization.
History.
In its first iteration, the group, born before Independence, was founded and led by Vinayak Savarkar, initially as 'Mitramela' ("Friends' Circle") a secret organization of radical, armed Hindu Nationalist revolutionaries at Nashik in 1900, operating as a terrorist organization, and conducted armed strikes against the British and other targets; after the arrest and trial of Sawarkar as instigator and conspirator in the assassination of Gandhi, its fate is not known, but it is believed to have been outlawed and disbanded by the government. The Abhinav Bharat Charitable Trust was formed in January 2002. Abhinav Bharat as a reiteration of Savarkar's original and defunct Hindu nationalist organization was created in 2007 and is presided over and led by Savarkar's granddaughter, Himani Savarkar, also related to Nathuram Godse, M K Gandhi's assassin.
Following the investigation and arrests, the neo-Sawarkarite entity's website was mysteriously shut down.
"Sangh Parivar" Relationship.
Sangh Parivar representatives have distanced themselves from the neo-Sawarkarite Abhinav Bharat, and reject it and similar other groups as operating on the fringes of Hindu nationalism. Dr. Praveen Togadia, head of the VHP, fears that the neo-Sawarkarite Abhinav Bharat is weaning away radicals from the VHP, from where much of the Abhinav Bharat membership originates. Amongst these included Sameer Kulkarni, the points-man for Abhinav Bharat in Madhya Pradesh, who was also expelled from the Vishwa Hindu Parishad in June 2008 for not following protocol within the organization. Abhinav Bharat has also been accused of plotting to kill senior RSS leaders who they thought "weren’t doing enough for Hindutva." These plots include allegations from an arrested Abhinav Bharat member in June 2010 that members were involved in a plot to kill RSS Chief Mohan Bhagwat.
A twist to this was added when a news portal "The Caravan" claimed to have conducted a sting operation on Swami Aseemanand in which he admitted that Abhinav Bharat was a terrorist front for the Sangh Parivar and that terror strikes were approved by Mohan Bhagwat, Dictator of the RSSAseemanand, Bhagwat, the Sangh Parivar have vociferously denied these reports and threatened to sue the "Caravan Magazine", while the Indian federal Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde stated that he was inclined to believe the reports [http://in.news.yahoo.com/video/aseemanand-39-claims-bhagwat-39-084806280.html.
Alleged activities and arrests.
Following the arrest and investigation of several of its functionaries in connection with the Malegaon terrorist bombings, the group became the target of sustained investigations for its alleged role in several other terror attacks across the country. Several serving and retired army officers are also believed to have been recruited by Abhinav Bharat and to have helped with indoctrinations and arms and explosives training.
Disbelief.
Claims by police and government of "Saffron Terrorism" as a counterpoint to Islamic terrorism have been met with a chorus of denunciation and rejection by Hindu nationalists, some of whom reject the claims and accusations of crimes and terrorist activities made against the neo-Sawarkarite Abhinav Bharat. E.g. Swapan Dasgupta notes that the group seemed little more "than a letterhead or part of a fantasy world"

</doc>
<doc id="20236838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236838" title="Hubert Haenel">
Hubert Haenel

Hubert Haenel (born 20 May 1942) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Haut-Rhin department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.
On February 24, 2010, he was nominated to the Constitutional Council of France by the President of the French senate Gérard Larcher.

</doc>
<doc id="20236843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236843" title="Zall-Bastar">
Zall-Bastar

Zall-Bastar is a municipality in the Tirana District, Tirana County, central Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20236844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236844" title="Bing Crosby's Last Song">
Bing Crosby's Last Song

"Bing Crosby's Last Song" is a novel by the American writer Lester Goran set in 1968 in the Oakland neighbourhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
It tells the story of Daly Racklin, a Pittsburgh attorney who on a Spring day learns from his doctor that he has one year to live. Racklin is a defacto voice of a dying Irish neighborhood, and he is also torn by his father's shadow and ambitions of his own.
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20236846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236846" title="Eric Bassombeng">
Eric Bassombeng

Eric Magloire Bassombeng (born 11 March 1983) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a midfielder. He is a free agent and his latest club was GAIS.

</doc>
<doc id="20236847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236847" title="Château Lagorce">
Château Lagorce

The Château Lagorce is a former castle, converted into a "château", in the "commune" of Haux in the "département" of Gironde, France. It acquired its name "Lagorce" or "The Great Gorce", from a type of vegetation which appeared at the beginning of the 16th century.
History.
According to a document from the 18th century, the château originally had a moat. The oldest tower has walls 1.2 meters thick, and both of these features helped it to defend itself, as it became embroiled in feudal wars during the 14th, 15th and 16th centuries. The residence was partly destroyed during the latter of these centuries.
In the 15th century it changed hands with regularity as marriages took place. Bonnaventure de Faugeres claimed to hold the rights to the "Great Gorce" and initiated proceedings against his brother (or brother-in-law), Estienne Dumenilh de Faugeres. The claims were founded, as in June 1599, Lord Dumenilh gave him 16,500 pounds in payment for his rights. Bonnaventure seized the profit from his rent and from his agricultural activities, and in 1607 recuperated the whole of the property.
In 1636 it was owned by Menaud de Maonaudon, married to Marguerite de Cursol. At the time of their installation at Lagorce, they accomplished major work on the property. However, their signature is preserved in a key-stone in the form of a coat-of-arms uniting the Montaudon and Cursol family. 
After the French Revolution, in 1793, Francois Galatheau sold Lagorce to Hyacinthe Feger, whose nephew, Pierre resold the property in 1802 "in a very bad state" to Elie Faux, a local a wine producer. 
The Faux family undertook important excavation works and planted Barsac and Sauternes vines. Therefore the price of a tonne of wine reached 900F in 1858, compared to 250-600F for the other best wines in Haux.
In 1859 the property was sold to Jules Beyssac. After his death in 1895, and that of his wife in 1905, his children had joint possession at Lagorce. After the house was briefly passed onto the Burette family, the Baudier family had the house until 2003. 
In 2003, the Holmes family bought Lagorce. The building underwent complete internal renovation to how it would have looked a few hundred years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="20236850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236850" title="Françoise Henneron">
Françoise Henneron

Françoise Henneron (born 3 February 1948) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. She represents the Pas-de-Calais department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236851" title="Zall-Herr">
Zall-Herr

Zall-Herr is a municipality in the Tirana District, Tirana County, central Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20236863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236863" title="Pierre Hérisson">
Pierre Hérisson

Pierre Hérisson (born 12 June 1945 in Annecy, Haute-Savoie) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Haute-Savoie department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236878" title="Marie-Thérèse Hermange">
Marie-Thérèse Hermange

Marie-Thérèse Hermange (born 17 September 1947) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. She represents Paris and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236894" title="Paskuqan">
Paskuqan

Paskuqan is a municipality in the Tirana District, Tirana County, central Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20236896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236896" title="Michel Houel">
Michel Houel

Michel Houel (born 8 November 1942) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Seine-et-Marne department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236898" title="Legacy (The Flyin' Ryan Brothers album)">
Legacy (The Flyin' Ryan Brothers album)

Legacy is the third album by American progressive rock band The Flyin' Ryan Brothers, released in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20236918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236918" title="Alain Houpert">
Alain Houpert

Alain Houpert (born 13 August 1957) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Côte-d'Or department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236920" title="Agee (film)">
Agee (film)

Agee is a 1980 documentary film directed by Ross Spears, about the writer James Agee. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
Reception and accolades.
"Agee" was well received by critics and the film community. Most notably, the film received a nomination for Best Documentary Feature at the 53rd Academy Awards. The film also received the Blue Ribbon Award at the American Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20236928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236928" title="Jean-François Humbert">
Jean-François Humbert

Jean-François Humbert (born 17 October 1952) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Doubs department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.
In the Franche-Comté regional election, 2004, he solicited reelection as President of Franche-Comté but was defeated by Socialist Raymond Forni.
On September 21, 2008, he was narrowly reelected as Senator.
On October 17, 2009, he announced that he would challenge Socialist President Marie-Marguerite Dufay and UMP candidate Alain Joyandet in the Franche-Comté regional election, 2010. Nine days later, he resigned the Presidency of UMP Group in the Regional Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20236941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236941" title="Christiane Hummel">
Christiane Hummel

Christiane Hummel (born 8 May 1942) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Var department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236942" title="Charles Christopher Trowbridge">
Charles Christopher Trowbridge

Charles Christopher Trowbridge (December 29, 1800 - April 3, 1883) was an explorer, politician, businessman, and ethnographer of Native American cultures who lived in Detroit during the 19th century. He was one of the very first businessmen who emigrated to what was then the Michigan Territory.
Early life.
Charles Trowbridge was born on December 29, 1800 in Albany, New York; the youngest of six children born to Luther Trowbridge and Elizabeth Tillman Trowbridge. His father was a Revolutionary War veteran who had fought at the battles of Lexington and Saratoga, among others. Luther Trowbridge died in 1802, and Charles grew up with his mother. In 1813, Charles apprenticed to the businessman Horatio Ross of Owego, New York, who trained him as a merchant. In 1818, economic troubles bankrupted Ross, and Trowbridge, then not quite eighteen, was charged with closing up the business. Trowbridge continued independently in the merchant trade, but quickly decided to move west. In 1819, he secured a position with Major Thomas Rowland of Detroit as Deputy United States Marshall and deputy Clerk of the Court.
Early career in Detroit.
Rowland encouraged Trowbridge to study law, and the young man quickly picked up a great deal of legal knowledge, and assisted in recording the 1820 census. In 1820, Trowbridge served on the Lewis Cass expedition, led by Lewis Cass, that officially explored the section of the Northwest Territory between the Great Lakes and the headwaters of the Mississippi River. Cass was impressed by Trowbridge, and made him his private secretary.
In 1821, Trowbridge helped negotiate a treaty between the US government and the Winnebago and Menominee Indians. With this experience, and his knowledge of the Cherokee language, Trowbridge was appointed assistant secretary in the local Indian department, and soon after was also made interpreter. 
Around this time, Trowbridge was made secretary of the Board of Regents of the University of Michigan.
In 1823, Trowbridge was tasked with determining the relationships among the languages and customs of the indigenous tribes in the Northwest Territories. He worked at this, as well as his interpreter duties, through 1825, when he resigned his post in favor of becoming cashier of the newly established Bank of Michigan.
In 1826, Trowbridge married Miss Catherine Whipple Sibley, oldest daughter of Solomon Sibley. That same year, he built his own home, the Charles Trowbridge House, on Jefferson Avenue on what was then farmland far from the heart of the city. At the time, it was considered to be the finest frame house in the Michigan territory. Trowbridge lived in this house for over 50 years, and it currently still stands as likely the oldest existing home in the city of Detroit. Trowbridge lived in the house until his death in 1883.
Later career.
In 1831, Lewis Cass was appointed Secretary of War, and invited Trowbridge to accompany him to Washington, D.C.. After much soul-searching, Trowbridge declined, preferring to stay in the private sector. He engaged in other enterprises over the next few years, including extensive land purchases. He was one of the original platters of the village of Allegan, Michigan.
In 1833, Trowbridge became an alderman of the city of Detroit, and briefly served as Mayor during the cholera epidemic of 1834, resigning his position soon after. In 1837, he ran as the Whig candidate for governor of Michigan, and was defeated by Stevens T. Mason. Thereafter, he did not seek public office again.
In 1844, he became president of the Michigan State Bank, leading that institution until its dissolution in 1853. He became secretary-treasurer, and later president, of the Detroit and Milwaukee Railway Company and was one of the directors of the Detroit and St. Joseph Railway Company.
Trowbridge also served on the boards of several charitable institutions, including as president of the Board of Public Charities, various bible and missionary societies, and the Historical and Algic Societies.

</doc>
<doc id="20236949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236949" title="Kim Joo-hyuk">
Kim Joo-hyuk

Kim Joo-hyuk (born October 3, 1972) is a South Korean actor. 
Personal life.
His father was veteran actor Kim Mu-saeng. They both played real-life court physician Heo Jun.
Kim began dating actress Kim Ji-soo in 2003; they played husband and wife in the 2002 TV series "Like a Flowing River". Their six-year relationship ended in 2009. 
Kim also dated "God of War" costar Kim Gyu-ri from 2012 to 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20236964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236964" title="I Used to Be an Animal">
I Used to Be an Animal

I Used To Be An Animal is an album by Eric Burdon from 1988. It was his first new album in almost four years. It was recorded in Malibu, USA.
Following his autobiography, "I Used To Be An Animal, But I'm Alright Now", it was his comeback. "Going Back To Memphis", "Run For Your Life", "Don't Give A Damn" and "I Will Be With You Again" were released as singles worldwide. Most of the albums' titles are featured on many compilations.
Burdon mixed several Pop & Rock-influenced styles like jungle, New Wave, disco, alternative rock, hip hop, glam metal, electronica and blues.
Track list.
All songs were composed by Eric Burdon and Steve Grant except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20236965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236965" title="Benoît Huré">
Benoît Huré

Benoît Huré (born 5 June 1953) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Ardennes department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236976" title="Pierre Jarlier">
Pierre Jarlier

Pierre Jarlier (born July 14, 1954) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Cantal department (since 27 September 1998) and is a member of the Radical Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20236977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236977" title="Bërxullë">
Bërxullë

Bërxullë is a municipality in the Tirana District, Tirana County, central Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20236999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20236999" title="Sophie Joissains">
Sophie Joissains

Sophie Joissains (born 25 October 1969) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. She represents the Bouches-du-Rhône department and is a member of the Radical Party.
Biography.
Early life.
Sophie Joissains was born on October 25, 1969 to Alain Joissains, mayor of Aix-en-Provence from 1978 to 1983, and Maryse Joissains-Masini, also mayor since 2001. To study Law, she moved to Paris, then Louvain, and she eventually received a Master of Advanced Studies. She also worked in cinema for Anatole Dauman, and started a career as a criminologist.
Career.
In 2008, she became the youngest female member of the French Senate. She also serves as the deputy mayor of Aix-en-Provence. She has been accused of nepotism.
She supports the HADOPI law.
Personal life.
She is a cancer survivor.

</doc>
<doc id="20237004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237004" title="Alan Sneddon">
Alan Sneddon

Alan Sneddon (born 12 March 1958) is a Scottish former footballer, who played as a defender for Celtic, Hibernian, Motherwell and East Fife in the Scottish Football League.
Sneddon won the 1980 Scottish Cup Final with Celtic. He then earned the unusual achievement of winning two league winners' medals in the same season in 1981, as he played enough games for both Celtic, who won the Premier Division, and Hibernian, who won the First Division, to qualify for a medal from each championship.
Sneddon played for over 10 years for Hibernian, playing in over 300 league games. This long service meant that he was awarded a testimonial match, which was played against Aston Villa in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20237027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237027" title="St. Paul's College, Agra">
St. Paul's College, Agra

St. Paul's Church College is a school in Agra, Uttar Pradesh, India. It was established on January 25, 1980 by the Church of North India and is affiliated to the Council of Indian School Certificate Examination board of schools. The principal of the school is Mr. Vivek Daniels who replaced Mrs. Veronica Carville.
The school has an auditorium, a library cum resource center and two classroom blocks. St Paul's Church College has physics, chemistry, biology and computer applications and science labs as well as a biotechnology lab. The school offers both the Science and the Commerce stream for students of class 11th and 12th. The school organizes inter-house activities. 
Some of the senior and respected teachers of the institution are:
1. Mr. J.P. Ulrick - Chemistry
2. Mr. Harinarayan Chaturvedi - Math
3. Dr. Dolly Augustine - Biology and Biotech
4. Mrs. Shilu Kheda - English
5. Ms. Preeti Singh - English
6. Mrs. Mala Dhar - Nursery

</doc>
<doc id="20237028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237028" title="Jean-Marc Juilhard">
Jean-Marc Juilhard

Jean-Marc Juilhard (born 5 February 1940) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Puy-de-Dôme department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20237037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237037" title="Lola Wallinkoski">
Lola Wallinkoski

Iyabode Ololade (Lola) Remilekun Wallinkoski (née Odusoga, born 30 June 1977 in Turku, Finland) is a Finnish model and Miss Finland 1996. In 1997, she won the crown of Miss Scandinavia. On 17 June 1996 at the Miss Universe competition in Las Vegas, she was second-runner up. Wallinkoski is 174 cm tall and weighed 54 kg during her reign as Miss Finland. Her mother is Finnish and her father is Nigerian.
She married Jarkko Wallinkoski on 12 August 2005. They have two children together: a daughter, Denise Patricia (born 2004) and a son, Sylvester Ilmari Jalmari (born July 2006).

</doc>
<doc id="20237039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237039" title="Barry Buckley">
Barry Buckley

Barry Buckley (1938–2006) was an Australian jazz double bass player and dental technician from Melbourne, a notable presence on the modern jazz scene for over 40 years.
In the mid-1950s Buckley joined pianist David Martin, trumpeter Keith Hounslow, drummer Stewart Speer (later of Max Merritt fame) and saxophonist Brian Brown to form the first Brian Brown Quintet becoming Australia's foremost hard bop group, regularly playing at Horst Liepolt's "Jazz Centre 44" in St Kilda.
Later Buckley teamed with drummer Ted Vining and pianist Don Wilde with Don Bennett as host to run the Cool Cats Show on Channel 7 for two years. 
For several years in the early 1960s Buckley dropped out of the Jazz scene to establish Buckley-Hutton laboratories, which would become one of the biggest dental labs in the southern hemisphere, and to devote time to family.
He emerged in the late sixties teaming up with Brian Brown, Tony Gould and Ted Vining to form the Brian Brown Quartet. After a few years Gould left the group, replaced by a young Bob Sedergreen. Around 1969 the trio of Buckley, Sedergreen and Vining formed and played together for the next 37 years. The Quartet disbanded in 1979 when Vining moved north to Sydney then Brisbane.
In the 1980s Buckley joined Martin Jackson (one of the founders of the Melbourne Jazz Co-operative) in his group Odwala and also participated in Sedergreen's Blues on the Boil, and performed with Bernie McGann. 
Barry Buckley last performance was with the Ted Vining Trio at the North Coast Jazz Festival in Bangalow just three months before his death from cancer in September 2006. Three days before his death Buckley donated an historic 3 stringed DeVereaux double bass to the Museum of Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="20237055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237055" title="Christiane Kammermann">
Christiane Kammermann

Christiane Kammermann (born 10 July 1932) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. She is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20237070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237070" title="The Day After Trinity">
The Day After Trinity

The Day After Trinity (a.k.a. "The Day After Trinity: J. Robert Oppenheimer and the Atomic Bomb") is a 1980 documentary film directed and produced by Jon H. Else in association with KTEH public television in San Jose, California. The film tells the story of J. Robert Oppenheimer (1904–1967), the theoretical physicist who led the effort to build the first atomic bomb, tested in July 1945 at Trinity site in New Mexico. Featuring candid interviews with several Manhattan Project scientists, as well as newly declassified archival footage, "The Day After Trinity" was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature of 1980, and received a Peabody Award in 1981.
The film's title comes from an interview seen near the conclusion of the documentary. Robert Oppenheimer is asked for his thoughts on Sen. Robert Kennedy's efforts to urge President Lyndon Johnson to initiate talks to stop the spread of nuclear weapons. "It's 20 years too late," Oppenheimer replies. After a pause he states, "It should have been done the day after Trinity."
Home video releases.
"The Day After Trinity" was released on VHS cassette by Pyramid Home Video, and on Region 1 DVD by Image Entertainment. A CD-ROM that was released in 1995 included interviews, transcripts, annotations, biographies and other information.

</doc>
<doc id="20237082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237082" title="Prezë">
Prezë

Prezë is a municipality in the Tirana District, Tirana County, central Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20237089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237089" title="The Paratrooper of Mechanic Avenue">
The Paratrooper of Mechanic Avenue

The Paratrooper of Mechanic Avenue is the first novel by the American writer Lester Goran. It is set in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and spans a time period from the Great Depression to the postwar era.
It tells the story of Ike-o Hartwell, born into the fictional Pittsburgh slum of Sobaski's Stairway, and how he learns to survive amid the neon glow of pawn shops and poolrooms on Mechanic Avenue peopled by racketeers, pimps, gangs, and ward heelers. Then the army drafts him for the Korean War. After a dishonorable discharge, he dresses as a paratrooper and expects a hero's s welcome back on Mechanic Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="20237095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237095" title="Marc Laménie">
Marc Laménie

Marc Laménie (born 11 July 1956) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Ardennes department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party. He was elected on 26 August 2007, and was re-elected on 21 September 2008. He was mayor of Neuville-Day.

</doc>
<doc id="20237096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237096" title="Cross syndrome">
Cross syndrome

Cross–McKusick–Breen syndrome (also known as "Cross syndrome," "Hypopigmentation and microphthalmia," and "Oculocerebral-hypopigmentation syndrome") is an extremely rare disorder characterized by white skin, blond hair with yellow-gray metallic sheen, small eyes with cloudy corneas, jerky nystagmus, gingival fibromatosis and severe mental and physical retardation.
It was characterized in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="20237101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237101" title="Świętokrzyskie Regional Assembly">
Świętokrzyskie Regional Assembly

The Świętokrzyskie Regional Assembly () is the regional legislature of the voivodeship of Świętokrzyskie, Poland. It is a unicameral body consists of thirty councillors elected in free elections for a 4-year term.
The Regional Assembly meets in the Marshal's Office in Kielce.
Districts.
Members of the Assembly are elected from five districts, serve four-year terms. Districts does not have the constituencies formal names. Instead, each constituency has a number and territorial description.

</doc>
<doc id="20237110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237110" title="Lycia Trouton">
Lycia Trouton

Lycia Trouton was born in Belfast and grew up in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
In the 1990s, Trouton exhibited land art in Canada and the U.S. In 1999, after a visit to Northern Ireland, she created the Irish Linen Handkerchief Memorial, assisted by a $5,000 research grant from Canada Council of the Arts. The Memorial is a list of almost 4,000 of those who died in 'The Troubles' in Northern Ireland from 1966 to 2009 in a chronological Names List, embroidered on Irish Linen handkerchiefs. The Memorial was publicly unveiled in Ireland at a peace and reconciliation centre on the first Private Day of Reflection, 2007, on the sectarian violence. It formed the basis of Trouton's graduate thesis. It was also shown in Canberra's Design Centre, CraftACT, Australia, 2004, and in 2011 in Portneuf, Quebec Canada at the Quebec's International Biennale of Flax and Linen (BILP) and has been featured on ABC, 2004, and CBC radio, 2011.
Education.
Trouton obtained her BFA in sculpture at Carnegie Mellon University, Pennsylvania, U.S.A in 1988 and then her MFA, at Cranbrook Educational Community School of Art, Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, U.S.A in 1991. She moved to Australia in 2001 and completed her doctorate in 2005 at the age of 38 at the University of Wollongong, 2001-5.

</doc>
<doc id="20237113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237113" title="Élisabeth Lamure">
Élisabeth Lamure

Élisabeth Lamure (born 20 November 1947) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. She represents the Rhône department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20237119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237119" title="Kashar">
Kashar

Kashar is a municipality in the Tirana District, Tirana County, central Albania.
History.
The village was first attested in 1456 as the battlefield of a battle between the League of Lezhë and the Ottoman Empire.
Demographics.
Kashar consists of ten communities with a total population of c. 21,000 inhabitants.
International relations.
Twin towns – sister cities.
Kashar is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="20237134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237134" title="André Lardeux">
André Lardeux

André Lardeux (born 22 August 1946) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Maine-et-Loire department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20237155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237155" title="Daniel Laurent">
Daniel Laurent

Daniel Laurent (born 4 February 1949) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Charente-Maritime department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20237169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237169" title="Vaqarr">
Vaqarr

Vaqarr is a municipality in the Tirana District, Tirana County, central Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20237170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237170" title="Hobson Block">
Hobson Block

Hobson Block is a commercial building in West Union, Iowa. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 7, 2008. The brick and stone building was designed by local architect Edward Easton in the Late Victorian style to rebuild the town after its original wooden structures were destroyed by fire in May, 1885.
It is the 19th property listed as a featured property of the week in a program of the National Park Service that began in July, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20237171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237171" title="The Spike (TV series)">
The Spike (TV series)

The Spike is a controversial Irish drama television series, broadcast by Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ) in 1978. The ten-part series was set in a secondary school. The script was written by Patrick Gilligan who was a vocational school teacher.
Reviews.
The series was negatively reviewed by critics who took issue with the poor script, bad acting and the clumsy thematic treatment. A review in "The Irish Times" stated that " this much publicized drama series has turned out to be so bad it must now be taken seriously". Dr Helena Sheehan, a lecturer in social history, wrote in 2002 that 
Controversy.
In episode five, "the briefest glimpse of naked flesh" caused outrage and angry phonecalls to newspapers. The show's producer defended the nude streak as an intent "to examine the attitude of pupils and staff to nudity". The ensuing fuss led to one of the actors requiring medical treatment after he was, as the "Evening Press" elegantly phrased it, "thumped by a fat elderly lady". The episode sparked debate in Dáil Éireann and was condemned by the Taoiseach, despite him having never seen the programme. On the day that the sixth episode was due to air with a story of a schoolboy bomber, it was axed. The remaining episodes remain locked away and have neither never been broadcast on RTÉ nor viewed by members of the general public. "The Spike" was later featured on RTÉ's scandal series, "Scannal", with the "Irish Independent" naming it as one of their "Top 10 Worst Irish TV Programmes".

</doc>
<doc id="20237179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237179" title="Jean-René Lecerf">
Jean-René Lecerf

Jean-René Lecerf (born 10 April 1951 in Valenciennes) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Nord department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.
He is regarded as one of the best specialists of judiciar problems among French members of Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="20237183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237183" title="Domenico Quaglio">
Domenico Quaglio

Domenico Quaglio is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="20237194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237194" title="Dominique Leclerc">
Dominique Leclerc

Dominique Leclerc (born 17 March 1944) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Indre-et-Loire department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20237195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237195" title="Farkë">
Farkë

Farkë is a municipality in the Tirana District, Tirana County, central Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20237196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237196" title="Front Line (film)">
Front Line (film)

Front Line is a 1981 Australian documentary film directed by David Bradbury. It follows the career of Tasmanian-born combat cameraman Neil Davis, particularly his time in South Vietnam and Cambodia in the late 1960s and early 1970s. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20237211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237211" title="Antoine Lefèvre">
Antoine Lefèvre

Antoine Lefèvre (born 18 February 1966) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Aisne department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20237227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237227" title="Crook-staff (Luwian hieroglyph)">
Crook-staff (Luwian hieroglyph)

The Crook (Luwian hieroglyph) is a Luwian language hieroglyph identical to the Egyptian language hieroglyph known as gardiner's S39, the common crook shape of a staff. A different crook-staff, the most common crook-staff shape from ancient Egypt is the ""heqa"–Crook", which is used in Egypt for "ruler", "governor", "prince", "chief", etc. For example: ""The Governor of On-(Heliopolis)"".
Crook, common shape.
S39
"Crook of Hieroglyphic Luwian"<br>(also found with a 'circle-shaped' end)<br>
The Luwian crook, (Gardiner type S39), is a straight staff with a "curving end".
Luwian language "Lituus".
The 'staff' hieroglyph is called ""Lituus"" in a Roman-(Latin language), convention; (see the ext link: ancientscripts).

</doc>
<doc id="20237228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237228" title="Jacques Legendre (French politician)">
Jacques Legendre (French politician)

Jacques Legendre (born 2 December 1941) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Nord department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.[http://www.senat.fr/senfic/legendre_jacques92031p.html]

</doc>
<doc id="20237229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237229" title="Jardin de Planbuisson">
Jardin de Planbuisson

The Jardin de Planbuisson (1.5 hectares), also known as Bambous de Planbuisson, is a private botanical garden specializing in grasses and bamboo, located on Rue Montaigne, Le Buisson-de-Cadouin, Dordogne, Aquitaine, France. It is open daily in the warmer months and weekend afternoons year round; an admission fee is charged.
The garden was begun by Michel Bonfils in 1989 near the confluence of the Dordogne and Vézère rivers. It contains some 430 Poaceae species, described as the most extensive collection of grasses in Europe, as well as 264 species and cultivars of bamboo. It also includes a dry Zen garden and a commercial nursery.

</doc>
<doc id="20237234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237234" title="Pezë">
Pezë

Pezë or Peza is a municipality in the Tirana District, Tirana County, central Albania. Peza was the headquarters of the National Liberation Movement of Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20237245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237245" title="Dominique de Legge">
Dominique de Legge

Dominique de Legge (born 18 February 1952) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Ille-et-Vilaine department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20237247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237247" title="Warmian-Masurian Regional Assembly">
Warmian-Masurian Regional Assembly

The Warmian-Masurian Regional Assembly () is the regional legislature of the voivodeship of Warmian-Masurian, Poland. It is a unicameral body consists of thirty councillors elected in free elections for a 4-year term. The current chairperson of the assembly is Julian Osiecki.
The Regional Assembly meets in the Marshal's Office in Olsztyn.
Districts.
Members of the Assembly are elected from five districts, serve four-year terms. Districts does not have the constituencies formal names. Instead, each constituency has a number and territorial description.

</doc>
<doc id="20237248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237248" title="Adolf Eduard Marschner">
Adolf Eduard Marschner

Adolf Eduard Marschner (Grünberg, Schlesien, 5 March 1819 – Leipzig, 9 September 1853), was a Romantic German composer. 
Marschner was related to the well known Heinrich Marschner. He studied music from the age of 10 and then studied at the University of Leipzig where he also later became a music teacher. 
In the field of vocal music he has composed app. 30 pieces for voice and piano accompaniment and several songs for men’s choir. The most popular among those are "Und hörst du das mächtige Klingen", "Das Königslied" and "Gute Nacht".
Together with Ludwig Richter in 1844-47 he published two song collections named "Alte und neue Studenten-Lieder" (Old and new Student Songs), and "Alte und neue Volks-Lieder" (Old and new Folk Songs).

</doc>
<doc id="20237249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237249" title="Tomas Alfredson">
Tomas Alfredson

Tomas Alfredson (born Hans Christian Tomas Alfredson; 1 April 1965) is a Swedish film director, best known internationally for directing the 2008 vampire film "Let the Right One In" and 2011 espionage film "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy". Alfredson has received the Guldbagge award for Best Direction twice; in 2005 for "Four Shades of Brown", and in 2009 for "Let the Right One In".
He is the son of director and actor Hans Alfredson, and the brother of director Daniel Alfredson.
Early life.
Alfredson was born in 1965 in Lidingö, Stockholms län, Sweden. Being the son of comedian, writer, and director Hans "Hasse" Alfredson, Tomas was used to being treated differently from an early age. "small number of people were public property, and he was one of them", Alfredson said of his father. Hasse was seldom home, and Tomas was mostly raised by his mother. "But I participated in [Hasse's] film productions every summer, it was probably a way for us to reach each other (...) I thought it was great fun." 
Alfredson would often have minor roles in the "Hasseåtage" series of popular films, that featured the comedy-duo of his father and Tage Danielsson – such as the role of the "Count" in "The Apple War" (1971), his sole line of dialogue being "Adieu, mon plaisir" ("Goodbye, my pleasure").
Directing career.
Alfredson's career started at Svensk Filmindustri, where he worked as an assistant. He was involved in the creation of the Swedish television channel TV4, where he worked in the entertainment department. One of his successes was the Swedish adaptation of Fort Boyard, "Fångarna på Fortet". Alfredson then moved on to Sveriges Television, creating television series such as "Ikas TV-kalas", a children's television show starring Ika Nord, who would later appear in Alfredson's 2008 film "Let the Right One In". According to Nord, Alfredson was "only 25, but already extremely knowledgeable". In 1994 Alfredson directed "Bert", another tv production based on the Bert diaries, a popular series of teenage novels written in the diary form. A feature film, "Bert: The Last Virgin", based on the series was made in 1995, for which Alfredson received a Guldbagge nomination for Best Direction.
Alfredson joined the Swedish comedy group Killinggänget as a director in 1999. "I saw that they were a little funnier than the others, and a little more thorough", he said. His first collaboration with the group was a 1999 series of four television films, including the mockumentary "Screwed in Tallinn", which depicts a group of Swedish bachelors who travel to Estonia by bus in the hopes of finding Estonian girlfriends. The 2004 film "Four Shades of Brown", directed by Alfredson, is Killinggänget's only feature film to date. The film intertwines four unrelated stories with a common theme of betrayal, in particular parents betraying their children. The film received four Guldbagge awards, including Best Direction for Alfredson.
Swedish author John Ajvide Lindqvist released his debut horror novel "Let the Right One In" in 2004. After reading the novel, Alfredson wanted to get involved in a film adaptation, and approached Lindqvist: "They was a crowd banging on his door to make a movie, so I was #40 or something. When we met, he knew of me and he liked what I'd done previously, and we got along together very well." The film tells the story of a 12-year-old bullied boy who befriends a child vampire in early 1980s Blackeberg, Sweden. In addition to directing, Alfredson edited the film in collaboration with Dino Jonsäter.
"Let the Right One In" premiered on 26 January 2008 at the Göteborg International Film Festival, where Alfredson won the Festival's Nordic Film Prize. The film went on to win additional awards, including the Founders Award for Best Narrative Feature at the Tribeca Film Festival. The film quickly became an international success, with the rights being sold to more than forty countries before its theatrical release on 24 October 2008. Domestically, the film won five Guldbagge Awards, with Alfredson receiving his second Guldbagge Award for Best Direction.
International career.
After finishing the work on "Let the Right One In", Alfredson publicly announced that he would not be making any more films in the "foreseeable future". He stated that he had grown tired with the Swedish film and television industry, which he considered "drained of power, courage, and gravity." While he had received several offers from Hollywood producers, he was reluctant to leave his "home, children and all the colleagues I depend on to be good." However, in March 2009 he announced that he would partake in a big international film production. In July 2009, Alfredson signed to direct a film adaptation of John le Carré's 1974 novel "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy". Produced by Working Title Films' Tim Bevan and Eric Fellner, it premiered in September 2011 at the 68th Venice International Film Festival.
In 2012, it was announced that Alfredson had acquired the rights to make a film adaptation of Astrid Lindgren's novel "The Brothers Lionheart", with Alfredson planning to direct and John Ajvide Lindqvist to write the screenplay.
Personal life.
Alfredson is the brother of film director Daniel Alfredson. He has two children with his ex-wife Cissi Elwin Frenkel, who was managing director of the Swedish Film Institute. He resides in Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="20237258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237258" title="Jean-François Le Grand">
Jean-François Le Grand

Jean-François Le Grand (born 8 June 1942 in Lessay, Manche) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Manche department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20237261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237261" title="Dongsi Subdistrict, Beijing">
Dongsi Subdistrict, Beijing

Dongsi () literally, the "Eastern Four" or the "Eastern Quadrangle", is the name of an intersection and surrounding neighborhood in Dongcheng District, Beijing. Dongsi, at the intersection of what is now Dongsi Avenues North, South and West and Chaoyangmen Inner Street, dates to the Yuan Dynasty. The intersection is named after four "paifangs" or Chinese sign gates that marked the location and is known in Chinese as the Eastern Four Sign Gates or "Eastern Four" for short. Directly due west in Xicheng District, another intersection with four sign gates is called "Xisi" or the "Western Four". 
The sign gates at Dongsi and Xisi were removed in 1958 but the location names remain. Today, the Dongsi Station on Lines 5 and 6 of the Beijing Subway is located underneath the intersection. Beijing Bus 106, 110, 116, 204, 684 and 685 stop south of the intersection. Bus 101, 109, 112, 202, 420, 609 and 619 stop east of the intersection. 
Dongsi is known for the Longfusi Snack Street where traditional restaurants such as Baikuilaohao serve Beijing snack cuisine. The Dongsi Mosque, founded in 1356 and rebuilt in 1447, is located just south of the intersection.
Dongsi Subdistrict.
The neighborhood northeast of Dongsi, extending north to Dongsi Shitiao and east to the Second Ring Road, is administered as the Dongsi Subdistrict of Dongcheng District. The subdistrict was established in 1958 and , consists of eight residential communities. As of 2006, the Dongsi Subdistrict has a population of 43,200 and an area of .
Dongsi's numbered alleyways.
Running east-west through the Dongsi Subdistrict are a series of parallel alleyways called "tiao". These "hutongs" are numbered in ascending order from south to north beginning with Dongsi Toutiao, the first alleyway of Dongsi, up to Dongsi Shisitiao or the fourteenth alleyway of Dongsi. The tenth alleyway, Dongsi Shitiao, was extended eastward through an opening in the Beijing city wall and was widened in the 1990s to become one of the main east-west thoroughfares in the old city. The Dongsi Shitiao Station on Subway Line 2 marks the intersection of the alleyway and the wall.

</doc>
<doc id="20237267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237267" title="Maria Light">
Maria Light

Maria Light is a novel by the American writer Lester Goran set in 1940s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
It tells the story of Maria Light, a recent widow in a Pittsburgh government housing project called Addison Terrace as she tries to survive, providing for her three children and her elderly father-in-law.

</doc>
<doc id="20237272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237272" title="André Lejeune">
André Lejeune

André Lejeune (4 July 1935 – 9 September 2009) was a French politician and a member of both the National Assembly and then Senate of France.
In the National Assembly from 1981–1993, he represented Creuse's 1st constituency as a member of the Socialist Party until he was defeated by Bernard de Froment in the 1993 election. From 1998 to 2009, Lejeune represented Creuse in the Senate.
Following his death from lung cancer, he was replaced in the Senate by his suppleant, Renée Nicoux.

</doc>
<doc id="20237274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237274" title="L.E.G.A.C.Y.">
L.E.G.A.C.Y.

L.E.G.A.C.Y. is a rapper from North Carolina, and member of the Justus League collective.
Biography.
L.E.G.A.C.Y. is an acronym for Life Ends Gradually and Changes You. He was born on the military base Fort Bragg, and grew up in Fayetteville, before moving to Goldsboro, North Carolina. His often dark lyrics are informed by his earlier experiences in life, and he cites Rakim and Big L as influences, as well as rock musicians Jim Morrison and Kurt Cobain. He joined the Justus League collective in 2001, having previously worked with its chief producer, 9th Wonder, booking reservations at a Holiday Inn, neither knowing that the other was a rap musician at the time. Early collaborations with 9th Wonder appeared on the 2003 self-financed "Legsclusives" release. L.E.G.A.C.Y.'s debut album proper, "Project Mayhem" was released in 2005 odfn 6 Hole Records, including references to and samples from the film "Fight Club". The album was produced by 9th Wonder and Khrysis, and features guest appearances from Phonte from Little Brother, Chaundon, Median, Joe Scudda, Percy Miracles, and Keisha Shontell. The album was positively received, with "Exclaim!" calling the lyrics "raw and razor sharp". "Project Mayhem" was included in the three-disc box set "National Mayhem" in 2005. L.E.G.A.C.Y. has also contributed to several Justus League-related compilations, including the "Soldiers of Fortune" album. 
His collaboration with LUNATIC The Messiah, "No Regrets", was picked out by "Independent Weekly" as one of the forty best songs from local artists of 2008. He relocated to Baltimore in 2007, breaking away from the Justus League.
His latest album, "Suicide Music", was released in June 2009. The album was produced by Khrysis.

</doc>
<doc id="20237282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237282" title="Jean-Pierre Leleux">
Jean-Pierre Leleux

Jean-Pierre Leleux (born 8 May 1947) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France. He represents the Alpes-Maritimes department and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20237283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237283" title="1995 ATP German Open – Singles">
1995 ATP German Open – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="20237287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237287" title="European Federation of Taiwanese Associations">
European Federation of Taiwanese Associations

The European Federation of Taiwanese Associations (EFTA; , short: ) is a federation, which combines several associations by Taiwanese people in each European country. The object is to promote friendship among those European associations, support mutual corporation and continuing care for Taiwan's development and trends. At the present is 謝偉群 (HSIEH, Wei-qun) director general of EFTA, who lives in Germany.
Publications.
EFTA publishes statements in irregular intervals about recent issues, which are consulted in political debates. This year on 11th July EFTA released a response to ROC on Taiwan's former president Chen Shuibian illegal imprisonment.

</doc>
<doc id="20237298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237298" title="Mesopotam">
Mesopotam

Mesopotam, in Greek: "Mesopotamos", Μεσοπόταμος, is a municipality in the Delvinë District, Vlorë County, in Albania. The municipality consists of the villages:
The municipality borders Delvinë municipality to the north, Aliko to the south, Dhivër to the east, and Finiq and Aliko to the west.
Etymology.
The name comes from Greek, meaning "between rivers". The municipality settlements (beside Muzinë) are inhabited mainly by Greek minority.
Attractions.
The Mesopotam village is known for its 13th century Orthodox Church dedicated to St. Nicholas, declared "Protected Monument" from the government.

</doc>
<doc id="20237301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237301" title="Radu Barbu">
Radu Barbu


</doc>
<doc id="20237303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237303" title="Beixinqiao">
Beixinqiao

Beixinqiao may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20237321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237321" title="David Bradbury (disambiguation)">
David Bradbury (disambiguation)

David Bradbury (born 1976) is an Australian politician.
David Bradbury may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20237335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237335" title="Dan Gogoşoiu">
Dan Gogoşoiu


</doc>
<doc id="20237385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237385" title="The Yellow Star – The Persecution of the Jews in Europe 1933-45">
The Yellow Star – The Persecution of the Jews in Europe 1933-45

The Yellow Star – The Persecution of the Jews in Europe 1933-45 () is a 1980 West German documentary film directed by Dieter Hildebrandt. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20237390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237390" title="List of stadiums in Nordic countries">
List of stadiums in Nordic countries

The following is an incomplete list of stadiums in the Nordic countries, ordered by capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="20237396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237396" title="Maylandsea">
Maylandsea

Maylandsea, and the adjacent Mayland, are villages on the Dengie peninsula in the English county of Essex. They are part of the Althorne ward of the Maldon district, and have a
parish council that covers both villages.
Religious sites.
The local parish church is St Barnabas, which is in the Diocese of Chelmsford.
Local amenities.
There are two public houses: the "Horny Toad", which is situated in the yard of Blackwater Marina, and "Hardy's" (recently refurbished and previously known as The General Lee until July 2010). Maylandsea Bay Sailing Club and Harlow (Blackwater) Sailing Club are based in the village. The local school is Maylandsea County Primary School, in Katonia Avenue. There is a small local shop located near the bakery and barber's.
Parish council.
Mayland Parish Council meets monthly at the Henry Samuel Hall. The villages of Mayland and Maylandsea are in an area considered to be at risk from flooding, and the Parish Council, working with Maldon District Council, is developing a localised emergency plan to link into the wider emergency strategy covering the whole district.
Local interest.
There are always fossils to be found in Maylandsea, the most common being lobster fragments. There is a crashed P51B Mustang from World War II crashed near Lawling Creek. 

</doc>
<doc id="20237411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237411" title="András Bodnár">
András Bodnár

András Bodnár (born April 9, 1942) is a Hungarian water polo player and freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, 1964 Summer Olympics, 1968 Summer Olympics, and 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Uzhhorod.
Bodnár was part of the Hungarian water polo team which won the bronze medal in the 1960 tournament. He played one match and scored one goal. He also participated in the 1500 metre freestyle competition but was eliminated in the first round.
Four years later he was a member of the Hungarian team which won the gold medal in the 1964 Olympic tournament. He played five matches and scored two goals. In the 400 metre freestyle event he was eliminated in the first round.
At the 1968 Games he won his second bronze medal with the Hungarian team. He played all eight matches and scored two goals.
His last Olympic tournament was in Munich 1972 where he won a silver medal. He played all eight matches and scored seven goals for the Hungarian team.

</doc>
<doc id="20237414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237414" title="Marian Cârjă">
Marian Cârjă


</doc>
<doc id="20237425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237425" title="Vergo">
Vergo

Vergo is a municipality in the Delvinë District, Vlorë County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Vergo, Tatzat, Kalasë, Fushë Vërri, Senicë, Kopaçez, Qafë Dardhë and Bajkaj.

</doc>
<doc id="20237427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237427" title="Parkes Spacemen">
Parkes Spacemen

The Parkes Rugby League Football Club (nicknamed the Spacemen) is a rugby league club that plays in Group 11. The Spacemen gained media attention when they recruited a number of Fiji national rugby league team players prior to the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
Nickname.
Parkes is a regional town of nearly ten thousand people located near the middle of New South Wales, with its economy based on farming and mining. It is also the location of the Parkes Observatory Radio Telescope, from which the Spacemen took their nickname. 
The name was also recognised during the 100 year celebrations of rugby league by being listed in the article 100 Reasons Why People Love Rugby League, which appeared in the Sydney Morning Herald.
Media attention.
The Spacemen were simply a struggling regional club before circumstances brought media attention. The Spacemen advertised for players; at the same time, Fijian rugby league players sought to join a New South Wales club in preparation for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup. TheseFiji national rugby league team players included Alipate Noilea, Semisi Tora and Ilisoni Vonomateiratu.
Local media closely followed the 2008 Rugby League World Cup progress of the Fijian National team and its Spacemen, culminating in their loss to Australia in the second semi-final. By this time national and international media had picked up the story.

</doc>
<doc id="20237485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237485" title="Lukovë">
Lukovë

Lukovë is a municipality in the Sarandë District, Vlorë County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Lukovë, Borsh, Fterrë, Çorraj, Piqeras, Sasaj, Qazim Pali, Shënvasi and Nivicë.

</doc>
<doc id="20237491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237491" title="Zoltán Dömötör">
Zoltán Dömötör

Zoltán Dömötör (born August 21, 1935) is a Hungarian swimmer and water polo player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Budapest.
Dömötör was part of the Hungarian water polo team which won the bronze medal in the 1960 tournament. He played six matches and scored nine goals.
Four years later he was a member of the Hungarian team which won the gold medal in the 1964 Olympic tournament. He played all six matches and scored seven goals.
At the 1968 Games he won his second bronze medal with the Hungarian team. He played all eight matches and scored two goals.
He is often confused with Zoltan Domotor, a Professor of Philosophy at the University of Pennsylvania who receives much unsolicited fan mail as a result.

</doc>
<doc id="20237511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237511" title="57th Weather Reconnaissance Squadron">
57th Weather Reconnaissance Squadron

The 57th Reconnaissance Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve squadron. Its last assignment was with the 9th Weather Reconnaissance Wing, based at Hickam Air Force Base, Hawaii. The unit was inactivated on November 10, 1969.
History.
Activated in early 1943 under Fourth Air Force; spent World War II in the United States as an Operational Training Unit (OTU), initially equipped with P-39 Aircobras for advanced fighter training. Reassigned to Third Air Force in 1944, becoming a Replacement Training Unit (RTU) for A-36 Apache fighter-dive bomber ground attack aircraft.
Reassigned to Stuttgart AAB, Arkansas in 1945 and realigned into a long-range strategic weather reconnaissance squadron, training with B-25 Mitchells and long-ranger P-61C Black Widow Night Fighters modified for weather reconnaissance missions. Reassigned to Rapid City AAB, South Dakota in late 1945, using P-61Cs as part of a NACA/Air Weather Service Thunderstorm Project to learn more about thunderstorms and to use this knowledge to better protect civil and military airplanes that operated in their vicinity. The P-61's radar and particular flight characteristics enabled it to find and penetrate the most turbulent regions of a storm, and return crew and instruments intact for detailed study. Inactivated in 1946 as part of the general demobilization of the AAF.
Reactivated as part of Strategic Air Command in 1951 in Alaska, Equipped with very long range WB-29 Superfortresses 1951, upgrading to extended long-range WB-50D Superfortresses in 1956. Conducted long-range weather flights over the Arctic and along the northern periphery of the Soviet Union; the aircraft being equipped with sensors for detecting radioactive debris to gather evidence when the Soviets tested nuclear devices. Inactivated in 1958 as part of the phaseout of the WB-50s from SAC and development of faster jet aircraft for the long-range intelligence mission.
Reactivated in 1962 at Kirtland AFB, New Mexico. Beginning in 1963 began to be equipped with new high-altitude reconnaissance RB-57F Canberra aircraft modified for high altitude, long range intelligence gathering, assigned to the meteorological role. Part of their duties involved high-altitude atmospheric sampling and radiation detection work in support of nuclear test monitoring. Over the next decade the RB-57Fs were flown on a worldwide basis at very high altitudes at high speeds; the squadron being reassigned to Australia, then to Hawaii. Stress cracks began appearing in the wing spars and ribs of the RB-57Fs after a few years of service. Some were sent to General Dynamics for repairs. By 1969 the aircraft were basically worn out and they were flown to Davis-Monthan for storage. Squadron was then inactivated.
Aircraft Assigned.
WC-130B Herkules 1963

</doc>
<doc id="20237527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237527" title="Jean-Pierre Houdin">
Jean-Pierre Houdin

Jean-Pierre Houdin (Paris, 1951) is a French architect perhaps most notable for a theory on pyramid construction.
Houdin grew up in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire, where his father was the director of a construction company. As a small boy, he spent his spare time on construction sites while his mother, who was a doctor, cared for her patients in a bush dispensary. His interest in building and construction grew out of this first period of his life.
Studies and early years.
Back in Paris, after the baccalauréat, he enrolled in the École des Beaux-Arts to study architecture. After obtaining his diploma in 1976, he set up as an independent architect, a profession that he would follow for twenty years. He participated in the construction of a large number of residential and office buildings in and around Paris. At the same time, with his wife Michelle and a friend of his, he opened an avant-garde art gallery and salon (“Les Enfants Gâtés”), which over a period of ten years supported scores of young artists, and which became a centre for the arts in Paris at the turn of the 1980s and 1990s.
Pyramid construction theory.
In 1999 Houdin's father, a retired civil engineer, started to develop the idea that the pyramids had been built from the inside. He asked his son, who had experience both in architecture and in three-dimensional graphics, to assist him in his research. During 2000, they met with members of the team who, in 1986, had worked on the mystery of the Pyramid of Khufu under the aegis of the Fondation EDF. Professor Huy Duong Bui showed them plans on which they discovered what they saw as a construction anomaly which earlier hypotheses could not account for. In 2003, his father created the Association of the Construction of the Great Pyramid (ACGP) in order to promote the project. This association enabled him to meet a number of experts.
Calculating the theory.
In 2005, Mehdi Tayoubi and Richard Breitner from Dassault Systèmes invited him to join a new sponsorship programme “Passion For Innovation”. Together, they decided to examine the theory in the light of Dassault Systèmes’ industrial and scientific 3D solutions. Using software applications such as CATIA to reconstitute the site of this gigantic construction in three dimensions allowed them to test in real-time whether such an approach was plausible. In order to explain and communicate it, Tayoubi and his team used 3D technology as a teaching medium and proposed an interactive voyage through time in three dimensions, both on the giant screen of La Géode (a famous hemispheric theater in Paris), and on the Internet. They transformed this theater into the biggest Virtual Reality center of the world.
The same year Houdin, the Egyptologist Bob Brier, Tayoubi and Breitner with a team of engineers of Dassault Systèmes decided to analyse the King’s Chamber cracks with software normally used by industrial corporations to simulate the behaviour of their products in operation and to detect any structural weaknesses in order to solve problems as early as the design phase (SIMULIA). 
The team concluded that the pyramid’s architect, Hemiunu, concerned that the cracks imperiled the whole structure, cut a tunnel into a sealed space above the burial chamber to assess the damage, and filled the cracks with plaster as a “tell-tale” that would indicate if they were widening. The beams held and the pyramid was completed. The existence of the cracks in the burial chamber beams has been known since the 1880s, but the team is the first to put forward a hypothesis about what caused them and when and to use such a methodology with 3D industrial software in Egyptology.

</doc>
<doc id="20237533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237533" title="K. Kamaraj">
K. Kamaraj

Kumarasami Kamaraj , better known as K. Kamaraj, (15 July 1903 – 2 October 1975) was an Indian politician from Tamil Nadu widely acknowledged as the "Kingmaker" in Indian politics during the 1960s. He was the chief minister of Tamil Nadu during 1954–1963 and a Member of Parliament during 1952–1954 and 1969–1975. He was known for his simplicity and integrity.
He was involved in the Indian independence movement. As a high-ranking office bearer of the Indian National Congress, he was instrumental in bringing to power two Prime Ministers, Lal Bahadur Shastri in 1964 and Indira Gandhi in 1966. In Tamil Nadu, his home state, he is still remembered for bringing school education to millions of the rural poor by introducing free education and the free Midday Meal Scheme during his tenure as chief minister. He was awarded India's highest civilian honour, the Bharat Ratna, posthumously in 1976. The domestic terminal of the Chennai airport is named "Kamaraj Terminal", Chennai's Beach Road renamed "Kamarajar Salai", Bengaluru's North Parade Road as "K. Kamaraj Rd." and the Madurai Kamaraj University in his honour.
Early life.
Kamaraj was born on 15 July 1903 to Kumarasamy Nadar and Sivakami Ammal at Virudhunagar in Tamil Nadu. His real name was Kamakshi and his mother affectionately called him Raja; later his name became Kamaraj (Kamatchi + Raja). His parents were from a trading family. His father Kumarasamy Nadar was a coconut merchant. In 1907, four years after the birth of Kamaraj, his sister Nagammal was born. At age 5 (1907), Kamaraj was admitted to a traditional school (called 'Thinnai Palli' in Tamil, a system of school available in the past) on the next day of "Saraswathy Pooja". In 1908 he was admitted to Yenadhi Narayana Vidhya Salai. In 1909 Kamaraj was admitted in Virudupatti High School—Kshtriya Vidhyasala, which is the only high school in Virdhupatti. Kamaraj's father died when he was six years old and his mother was forced to support her family by selling her jewellery. In 1914 Kamaraj dropped out of school to support his family. After that he worked in his uncle's clothshop as a salesboy.
During this time he started joining processions and attending public meetings about the Indian Home Rule Movement and British Rule addressed by orators like Dr. Varadarajulu Naidu, V.Kalyana Sundara Mudaliar and George Joseph. Kamaraj developed an interest in prevailing political conditions by reading newspapers daily.
The Jallianwala Bagh massacre was the decisive turning point in his life, and at this point he decided his aim was to fight for national freedom and to bring an end to foreign rule. In 1920, at the age of 18, he became active as a political worker and joined Congress as a full-time worker. In 1921 Kamaraj was organising public meetings at Virudhunagar for Congress leaders. He was eager to meet Gandhi, and when Gandhi visited Madurai on 21 September 1921 Kamaraj attended Gandhi's public meeting and met him for the first time in person. He visited villages carrying Congress propaganda.
In 1922 Congress was boycotting the visit of the Prince of Wales as part of the Non-Cooperation Movement. He came to Madras and took part in this event. He participated in the famous Vaikom Satyagraha led by George Joseph against the atrocities of the higher caste Hindus against the Harijans. In 1923–25 Kamaraj participated in the Nagpur Flag Satyagraha
. In 1927 Kamaraj started the Sword Satyagraha in Madras and was chosen to lead the Neil Statue Satyagraha, but this was given up later in view of the Simon Commission boycott. Kamaraj led almost all the agitation and demonstration against British rule.
Kamaraj was first jailed in June 1930 for two years in Alipore Jail, Calcutta, for participation in the "Salt Satyagraha" led by Rajagopalachari at Vedaranyam; he was released early in 1931 in consequence of the Gandhi-Irwin Pact before he could serve his full term imprisonment.
In 1932 Section 144 was imposed in Madras prohibiting the holding of meetings and organisation of processions against the arrest of Gandhi in Bombay. In Virdhunagar under Kamaraj's leadership processions and demonstrations happened every day. Kamaraj was arrested again in January 1932 and sentenced to 1 year's imprisonment.
In 1933 Kamaraj was falsely implicated in the Virudhunagar bomb case. Dr. Varadarajulu Naidu and George Joseph argued on Kamaraj's behalf and proved the charges to be baseless.
Kamaraj was conducting a vigorous campaign throughout the State asking people not to contribute to war funds when Sir Arthur Hope the Madras Governor was collecting contributions to funds for the Second World War. In December 1940 he was arrested again at Guntur under the 'Defence of India rules' for speeches opposing contributions to the war fund and sent to Vellore Central Prison while he was on his way to Wardha to get Gandhi's approval for a list of Satyagrahis. While in jail, he was elected as Municipal Councillor of Virudhunagar. He was released 9 months later in Nov 1941 and resigned from this post as he thought he had greater responsibility for the nation.
In 1942 Kamaraj attended the All India Congress Committee in Bombay and returned to spread propaganda material for the "Quit India Movement" called by Gandhi. The Police issued orders to all the leaders who attended this Bombay session. Kamaraj did not want to get arrested before he took the message to all district and local leaders. He decided not to go to Madras and decided to cut short his trip; he saw a large number of policemen waiting for the arrest of Congress leaders in Arakonam but managed to escape from the police and went to Ranipet, Tanjore, Trichy and Madurai to inform local leaders about the Programme. He reached Virdhunagar after finishing his work and sent a message to the local police that he was ready to be arrested. He was arrested in August, 1942. He was under detention for 3 years and was released in June, 1945. This was the last term of his prison life.
Kamaraj was imprisoned six times by the British for his pro-Independence activities, accumulating more than 3,000 days in jail.
Politics.
On 13 April 1954, Kamaraj became the Chief Minister of Madras Province. To everyone's surprise, Kamaraj nominated C. Subramaniam and M. Bhakthavatsalam, who had contested his leadership, to the newly formed cabinet.
Education.
As Chief Minister, Kamaraj removed the family vocation based Hereditary Education Policy introduced by Rajaji. The State made immense strides in education and trade. New schools were opened, so that poor rural students were to walk no more than to their nearest school. Better facilities were added to existing ones. No village remained without a primary school and no panchayat without a high school. Kamaraj strove to eradicate illiteracy by introducing free and compulsory education up to the eleventh standard. He introduced the Midday Meal Scheme to provide at least one meal per day to the lakhs of poor school children (for the first time in the world). He introduced free school uniforms to weed out caste, creed and class distinctions among young minds.
During the British regime the education rate was only 7 per cent. But in Kamaraj's period it reached 37% . Apart from increasing the number of schools, steps were taken to improve standards of education. To improve standards, the number of working days was increased from 180 to 200; unnecessary holidays were reduced; and syllabuses were prepared to give opportunity to various abilities. Kamaraj and Bishnuram Medhi (Governor) took efforts to establish IIT Madras in 1959.
Agriculture.
Major irrigation schemes were planned in Kamaraj's period. Dams and irrigation canals were built across Lower Bhavani, Mani Muthar, Aarani, Vaigai, Amaravathi, Sathanur, Krishnagiri, Pullambadi, Parambikulam and Neyyaru among others. The Lower Bhavani Dam in Erode district brought of land under cultivation. of land benefited from canals constructed from the Mettur Dam. The Vaigai and Sathanur systems facilitated cultivation across thousands of acres of lands in Madurai and North Arcot districts respectively. Rs 30 crores were planned to be spent for Parambikulam River scheme, and 150 lakhs of acres of lands were brought under cultivation; one third of this (i.e. 56 lakhs of acres of land) received a permanent irrigation facility.
In 1957–61 1,628 tanks were de-silted under the Small Irrigation Scheme, and 2,000 wells were dug with outlets. Long term loans with 25% subsidy were given to farmers. In addition farmers who had dry lands were given oil engines and electric pump sets on an instalment basis.
Commerce and Industry.
Industries with huge investments in crores of Rupees were started in his period: Neyveli Lignite Corporation, BHEL at Trichy, Manali Oil Refinery, Hindustan raw photo film factory at Ooty, surgical instruments factory at Chennai, and a railway coach factory at Chennai were established. Industries such as paper, sugar, chemicals and cement took off during the period.
Kamaraj's First Cabinet.
Kamaraj's council of ministers during his first tenure as Chief Minister (13 April 1954 – 31 March 1957):
Kamaraj's Second Cabinet.
Kamaraj's council of ministers during his second tenure as Chief Minister (1 April 1957 – 1 March 1962):
Kamaraj's Third Cabinet.
Kamaraj's council of ministers during his third tenure as Chief Minister (3 March 1962 – 2 October 1963):
Kamaraj Plan.
Kamaraj remained Chief Minister for three consecutive terms, winning elections in 1957 and 1962. Kamaraj noticed that the Congress party was slowly losing its vigour. 
On 2 October 1963 he resigned from the Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Post. He proposed that all senior Congress leaders should resign from their posts and devote all their energy to the re-vitalization of the Congress.
In 1963 he suggested to Nehru that senior Congress leaders should leave ministerial posts to take up organisational work. This suggestion came to be known as the Kamaraj Plan, which was designed primarily to dispel from the minds of Congressmen the lure of power, creating in its place a dedicated attachment to the objectives and policies of the organisation. Six Union Ministers and six Chief Ministers including Lal Bahadur Shastri, Jagjivan Ram, Morarji Desai, Biju Patnaik and S.K. Patil followed suit and resigned from their posts. Impressed by Kamaraj's achievements and acumen, Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru felt that his services were needed more at the national level. In a swift move he brought Kamaraj to Delhi as the President of the Indian National Congress. Nehru realized that in addition to wide learning and vision, Kamaraj possessed enormous common sense and pragmatism. Kamaraj was elected President, Indian National Congress, on 9 October 1963.
The King Maker.
After Nehru's death in 1964, Kamaraj successfully navigated the party through turbulent times. As president of the Indian National Congress, he refused to become the next prime minister himself and was instrumental in bringing to power two Prime Ministers, Lal Bahadur Shastri in 1964 and Nehru's daughter Indira Gandhi in 1966. For this role, he was widely acclaimed as the "King Maker" during the 1960s.
Split of Congress.
When the Congress split in 1969, Kamaraj became the leader of the Indian National Congress (Organisation) in Tamil Nadu. The party fared poorly in the 1971 elections amid allegations of fraud by the opposition parties. He remained as the leader of INC(O) till his death in 1975.
Death.
Kamaraj died at his home on 2 October 1975. He was awarded India's highest civilian honour, the 'Bharat Ratna' posthumously in 1976.
Legacy.
A large number of statues have been erected in his honour across the state. The domestic terminal of the Chennai airport has been named "Kamaraj Terminal", Chennai's Beach Road renamed "Kamarajar Salai", Bengaluru's North Parade Road renamed "K. Kamaraj Road" and Madurai Kamaraj University was named in his honour. Ennore port was renamed as Kamaraj Port on 2nd march 2014 by shipping minister GK Vasan.
Popular culture.
In 2004 a Tamil film titled "Kamaraj" was made based on the life history of Kamaraj. The English version of the film was released on DVD in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20237573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237573" title="General University Hospital of Patras">
General University Hospital of Patras

General University Hospital of Patras (), is a public general Hospital based in Rio, Greece, just few kilometers away from the city of Patras. With a capacity of 750 beds and an area of 63,000 sq. m., it is one of the largest hospitals in Greece and the largest in the region of Peloponnese. The construction of the hospital was completed in 1988 and a few months later it began operation. It is part of the ESY (Greek: ΕΣΥ - Εθνικό Σύστημα Υγείας), the National Healthcare System of Greece.
The hospital is affiliated with the University of Patras Faculty of Medicine and has earned a reputation as a respected medical center.
It was renamed "General University Hospital of Patras - All Holy Theotokos the Helper " () in July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20237576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237576" title="Volksschule Altomünster">
Volksschule Altomünster

Volksschule Altomünster is a school (Volksschule) in Altomünster in Bavaria (Germany). About 37 teachers are teaching pupils in form 1 to 9.
In a stairway of the school there is an art gallery from the Pop-art-artist Walter Gaudnek who is professor at University of Central Florida (College of Arts and Humanities).
Comenius-partnership.
Since October 2011 the Volksschule Altomünster has a Comenius-partnership. Declared school-partners are the „Primary School“ in Crook (England) and the „école primaire“ in Flesselles (France). The project-topic is „Healthy Active Citizens Across Europe“.

</doc>
<doc id="20237578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237578" title="Microsoft Office 98 Macintosh Edition">
Microsoft Office 98 Macintosh Edition

Microsoft Office 98 Macintosh Edition is a Mac OS version of Microsoft Office unveiled at Macworld Expo/San Francisco on January 6, 1998. It introduced the Internet Explorer 4.0 browser and Outlook Express, an Internet e-mail client and usenet newsgroup reader. Office 98 was re-engineered by Microsoft's Macintosh Business Unit to satisfy customers' desire for more Mac-like software. 
It included drag–and-drop installation, self-repairing applications and Quick Thesaurus before such features were available in a version of Office for Windows. It also was the first version to support QuickTime movie. The applications in Microsoft Office 98 were:
Another rare edition of Microsoft Office 98 Macintosh Edition was published titled: "Microsoft Office 98 Macintosh Gold Edition." This version included everything the normal version included plus Microsoft FrontPage Version 1.0 for Macintosh, Microsoft Bookshelf 98 reference software, and Microsoft Encarta 98 Macintosh Deluxe Edition.
System Requirements.
Source of above.

</doc>
<doc id="20237580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237580" title="KSGM">
KSGM

KSGM (980 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country/Talk format. Licensed to Chester, Illinois, USA. The station is currently owned by Donze Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="20237588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237588" title="The Dogg discography">
The Dogg discography

This is a discography of albums by Namibian musician The Dogg. The Dogg began his professional music career in 2003. He released two solo studio albums in 2004.
Production discography.
Below is list of albums on which The Dogg has produced. 
Awards.
Below is a list of awards by The Dogg. The Dogg has participated in professional awards since the inception of his career in 2003. He holds more awards then any other Namibian musician. He has won the Sanlam-NBC Music Awards "Artist Of the Year" award 4 times.

</doc>
<doc id="20237590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237590" title="Grotte de Cussac">
Grotte de Cussac

The Grotte de Cussac is a cave containing over 150 Paleolithic artworks as well as several human remains. It is located in the Dordogne River valley in Le Buisson-de-Cadouin, Dordogne, Aquitaine, France.
The cave was discovered on September 30, 2000, by amateur speleologist Marc Delluc and formally announced by the French Ministry of Culture on December 8, 2000. It is currently under protection for scientific study, and closed to the public.
The cave's artworks are estimated to be 25,000 years old, and are almost exclusively engravings, often very large, made with stone tools on the walls, or with fingers on clay soil. Pigments are limited to very few red dots. They include both classic instances of Upper Paleolithic animal art (bison, horses, mammoths, rhinoceroses, ibex) and rarer images including birds, enigmatic figures, and perhaps four female profiles. All appear close in theme and style of those known to Gravettien in the Quercy caves, in particular Pech Merle.
The cave's human remains appear to represent one of very few associations of parietal works and human burials in Paleolithic Europe. At least five people, four adults and a teenager, were deposited in the cavities, with bones dated by Carbon 14 measurements to approximately 25,000 years in age.

</doc>
<doc id="20237603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237603" title="KBDZ">
KBDZ

KBDZ (93.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Classic Rock format. Licensed to Perryville, Missouri, USA. The station is currently owned by Donze Communications and features programing from Westwood One. The station has obtained a construction permit from the FCC for an increase to 36,000 watts of effective radiated power.
History.
The station went on the air as KRAA on November 29, 1989. On September 21, 1990, the station changed its call sign to the current KBDZ. In December 2013, KBDZ changed from a Country Music Format to Classic Rock.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20237606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237606" title="László Felkai">
László Felkai

László Felkai (born March 1, 1941) is a Hungarian water polo player and breaststroke swimmer who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Budapest.
Felkai was part of the Hungarian water polo team which won the bronze medal in the 1960 tournament. He played three matches and scored four goals. He also participated in the 200 metre breaststroke competition but was eliminated in the first round.
Four years later he was a member of the Hungarian team which won the gold medal in the 1964 Olympic tournament. He played all six matches and scored six goals.
At the 1968 Games he won his second bronze medal with the Hungarian team. He played all eight matches and scored 24 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20237651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237651" title="WAAG">
WAAG

WAAG (94.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Galesburg, Illinois, USA. The station is currently owned by Galesburg Broadcasting Company.
The station has a country music format, plus presents news and market information throughout the day. One feature of the station's format is a classic country program, presented at noon weekdays and for three hours on Sunday mornings; during these blocks, music from the 1940s through early 1990s are played.

</doc>
<doc id="20237657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237657" title="András Katona">
András Katona

András Katona (born February 20, 1938) is a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Budapest.
In 1960 he was part of the Hungarian water polo team which won the bronze medal in the Olympic tournament. He played one match.

</doc>
<doc id="20237660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237660" title="Mali, Democratic Republic of the Congo">
Mali, Democratic Republic of the Congo

Mali is a village situated in the southern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the central part of Africa. With only 500 inhabitants it is one of the smallest villages in Congo.
Mali is known for its small handcrafts. The export goes throughout Congo and to neighbouring countries. The most popular handcraft is called a Torsten and is a small hairy troll that supposedly brings good luck if you put it on your windowsill.

</doc>
<doc id="20237719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237719" title="Xarrë">
Xarrë

Xarrë is a municipality in the Sarandë District, Vlorë County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Xarrë, Mursi, Shkallë and Vrinë.

</doc>
<doc id="20237820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237820" title="Livadhja">
Livadhja

Livadhja (in Albanian) is a municipality in the Sarandë District, Vlorë County, southern Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="20237824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237824" title="János Konrád">
János Konrád

János Konrád (born August 27, 1941) is a Hungarian water polo player and backstroke swimmer who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Budapest.
Konrád was part of the Hungarian water polo team which won the bronze medal in the 1960 tournament. He played one match and scored one goal. He also participated in the 100 metre backstroke competition but was eliminated in the first round.
Four years later he was a member of the Hungarian team which won the gold medal in the 1964 Olympic tournament. He played all six matches and scored two goals.
At the 1968 Games he won his second bronze medal with the Hungarian team. He played all eight matches and scored three goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20237834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237834" title="Indira Nagar, Lucknow">
Indira Nagar, Lucknow

Indira Nagar (Hindi: इंदिरा नगर )() is a residential posh area in Lucknow. It was developed by U.P. Housing Board (Awas Vikas) and is the largest colony in Asia.
History.
Indira Nagar (originally named as Ram Sagar Mishra Nagar) was a planned colony, divided into four blocks, namely, A-Block, B-Block, C-Block, and D-Block but now has several sectors, now totaling to 25. Few Urban Villages can be seen now which were not razed during the development of the colony like Ghazipur, Tikapurwa, Amrai Gaon and Bastauli.
Blocks and markets.
Bhootnath (B-Block) is the main market in this locality. Other markets are the group of Lekhraj Market Complexes,Amrapali Market, Sahara Shopping Centre, Meena Market (all A-Block), Shivaji Market, Nagina Plaza, Hanuman Mandir Market (all C-Block), Munshi Pulia (D-Block) etc.
The place also has a large number of bank branches, guest houses, banquet halls and hospitals, chemists, construction material shops at Faizabad Main Road, schools and various government offices and utilities. It is also home to many eating joints such as The Yellow Chilli, Dominos etc. It was once the biggest planned residential settlement of India, the current title holder being Gomti Nagar which is near to Indira Nagar.
Parks.
Indira Nagar has a number of jogging parks. Aurobindo park and Swarn Jayanti are well known parks developed by Avas Vikas. Few Parks within different neighbourhoods have emerged in recent times like Vivekanand Park in the C-Block.
All the roads in this locality are perpendicular and whole colony is very well connected by auto rickshaws. Another popular medium are manual rickshaws. The roads in Indira Nagar are developed. This colony has many gardens & parks.
Schools.
Most of the schools in Indira Nagar are operating within localities. Some of them are:

</doc>
<doc id="20237844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237844" title="Wolford Chapel">
Wolford Chapel

Wolford Chapel is the burial place of John Graves Simcoe, the first lieutenant governor of Upper Canada. It is the property of the Canadian province of Ontario, and flies the Flag of Canada despite being in the English countryside.
The chapel was part of the Simcoe Estate near Honiton, Devon, in South West England and was built on John Graves Simcoe's commission in 1802.
Following Simcoe's death on October 26, 1806 the estate remained with the family, but was eventually sold and some parts broken up. The Chapel, alongside most of the estate, was acquired by British publisher Sir Geoffrey Harmsworth. Consideration of what to do with the chapel remained, and various ideas were put forward including transporting it to Canada. However, in 1966, Harmsworth decided to donate the chapel to the Ontario Heritage Trust.
On September 27, 1966, just under 160 years after Simcoe's death, Harmsworth gave a deed to then-Premier of Ontario John Robarts, alongside a deed making a permanent right of way to access the property, presented by Mr A G LeMarchant. 
Simcoe's wife and children are also buried at the site, which is maintained by local people on behalf of the John Graves Simcoe Memorial Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="20237851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237851" title="Aliko">
Aliko

Aliko (in Albanian, in Greek: "Alykòn", Αλυκον) is a municipality in the Sarandë District, Vlorë County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Aliko, Çaush, Neohor, Tremul, Rahullë, Pllakë, Jermë, Vurgu i Ri, Halo, Dritas and Çukë.

</doc>
<doc id="20237876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237876" title="Péter Rusorán">
Péter Rusorán

Péter Rusorán (11 April 1940 – 14 February 2012) was a Hungarian swimmer, water polo player and later water polo coach. As a player, he won the Olympic Games gold medal in 1964 and the bronze in 1960 and also obtained the Universiade title in 1965. As a coach, Rusorán won a number of national league titles both in Hungary and abroad and also triumphed on two occasions in the most prestigious continental competition, the European Champions Cup.
Career.
Rusorán was born in Budapest and began swimming and playing water polo at the age of nine by Fáklya Opera. In 1952 he switched to Vörös Meteor, and in 1961 to Csepel Autó. In 1969 he moved to Vasas SC, where he finished his playing career in 1972. On club level his biggest achievement is a Hungarian Cup title from 1971.
Rusorán played 103 times for the Hungarian water polo team between 1959–1968, and won the bronze medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He played two matches in the tournament and scored six goals. Four years later he was a member of the Hungarian team which won the gold medal in the 1964 Olympics. Rusorán contributed with eight goals in six matches to the success, and became the best Hungarian scorer of the championship. In 1965 he also won the Universiade held in his hometown Budapest.
Coaching.
Following his retirement from professional sports, Rusorán took the head coaching position of Vasas SC and led them to seven Hungarian Championship titles. On the continental level he won two European Champions Cups in 1980 and 1985, and the Cup Winners' Cup in 1986. He had a short spell in Iran, where he managed the Iranian national team, and he also coached the Hungarian national team from 1983 to 1985, during which period Hungary won a silver medal at the 1983 World Championship.
Rusorán later coached Budapest-based Tungsram SC, and from the early nineties he worked abroad: first in Germany with record champions Wasserfreunde Spandau 04, then in Greece, where he coached Ethnikos Piraeus and finally in Switzerland with SVVC Morgan.
Retirement.
After quitting water polo, Rusorán settled in Paloznak, a little village in the Bakony mountains. For his sporting achievements and his work for the village community he was awarded the honorary citizenship of Paloznak in 2010. He died on 14 February 2012 at the age of 71.

</doc>
<doc id="20237887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237887" title="Ontology Definition MetaModel">
Ontology Definition MetaModel

The Ontology Definition MetaModel is an Object Management Group (OMG) specification to make the concepts of Model-Driven Architecture applicable to the engineering of ontologies. Hence, it links Common Logic (CL), the Web Ontology Language (OWL), and the Resource Description Framework (RDF).
OWL and RDF were initially defined to provide an XML-based machine to machine interchange of metadata and semantics. ODM now integrates these into visual modeling, giving a standard well-defined process for modeling the ontology, as well as, allowing for interoperability with other modeling based on languages like UML, SysML and UPDM.

</doc>
<doc id="20237897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237897" title="Zvezda 2005 Perm">
Zvezda 2005 Perm

Zvezda 2005 Perm (Russian: "Звезда 2005" Пермь) is Russian professional women's football club.
History.
The club is based in the city of Perm and takes its name from men's team Zvezda Perm, which was dissolved in 1997. Zvezda-2005 won both the Russian league and national cup in 2007, and subsequently reached the final in the 2008-09 UEFA Women's Cup, losing to Duisburg.
They also won the Russian league in 2008 and 2009, making it three titles in a row. In 2010 they were third, failing to qualify to the Champions League.
Squad.
as of 13 September 2012 according to the club's website.

</doc>
<doc id="20237899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237899" title="Dhivër">
Dhivër

Dhivër (in Albanian, in Greek: Δίβρη - "Divri") is a municipality in the Sarandë District, Vlorë County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Dhivër, Rumanxë, Memoraq, Navaricë, Dermish, Leshnicë e Sipërme, Leshnicë e Poshtme, Janicat, Llupsat, Cerkovicë, Shëndre and Malcan.

</doc>
<doc id="20237923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237923" title="Kiefel">
Kiefel

Kiefel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20237925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237925" title="Patty Smyth (album)">
Patty Smyth (album)

Patty Smyth is the second (and thus far last) solo studio album by rock singer-songwriter Patty Smyth, formerly of Scandal, which went gold, as a result of the popularity of its first single, "Sometimes Love Just Ain't Enough", which peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100 and also went Gold. The album also produced two further singles in the opening track "No Mistakes" (top 40) and another, albeit minor, hit in "I Should Be Laughing".
Reception.
Brian Mansfield of Allmusic gave the disc two stars, saying that "it's not as good as (previous album) "Never Enough".

</doc>
<doc id="20237932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237932" title="S20 Outer Ring Expressway">
S20 Outer Ring Expressway

The Shanghai Outer Ring Expressway (), designated S20, is a ring expressway that surrounds the inner districts of the city of Shanghai, China.
The different sections of the road have specific names in relation to the cardinal directions. For instance, the eastern portion of the expressway is named 上海环东一大道 (literally "Eastern Ring No. 1 Avenue"), the western portion of the expressway is named 上海环西一大道 ("Western Ring No. 1 Avenue"), and so on.
The S20 expressway crosses the Huangpu River twice. At the southern end, it uses the Xupu Bridge, and at the northern end, it uses the Outer Ring Tunnel.

</doc>
<doc id="20237949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237949" title="NTR National Award">
NTR National Award

The NTR National Award is an annual award to recognize people for their lifetime achievements and contributions to the Indian film industry.
NTR National Film Award is an award instituted by the state of Andhra Pradesh in the honour of an Indian Film Actor, director, producer, and a politician N.T. Rama Rao who also served as the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh. NTR National Film Award was first awarded to Akkineni Nageswara Rao a co-actor of N.T.R.
The Award carries a cash prize of 500,000/- and a memento. The Award is presented as part of the Nandi Award's ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="20237952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237952" title="The Very Best of War">
The Very Best of War

The Very Best of War is a double CD compilation by War which features tracks from 1970 to 1994. It was issued in 2003 on Avenue Records, distributed by Rhino Records, and is similar to an earlier compilation, Anthology 1970–1994 issued in 1994 by the same label.

</doc>
<doc id="20237991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237991" title="Church of St John the Baptist, Frome">
Church of St John the Baptist, Frome

The Church of St John the Baptist, Frome is a parish church in the Church of England located in Frome, Somerset.
Features.
The parish church of St John the Baptist, with its tower and spire, was built between the late 12th century and early 15th century replacing a Saxon building that had stood since 685 AD. It was further restored around 1860, and contains a chancel, Lady chapel and baptistery. Fragments of Norman work are left; the interior is elaborately adorned with sculptures and stained glass. It is a grade II* listed building. Outside the east end of the church is the tomb of Thomas Ken.
The stone "Via Crucis" (Way of the Cross) is unique and stone-sculptured.
In the southwestern corner of the churchyard a well rises.
The screen and gates at the entrance to the forecourt of the church was built in 1814 by Jeffrey Wyatt.
List of ministers.
??? - c.1418 William Starke 
Organ.
The church has a large three manual pipe organ. The earliest parts of the organ date from ca. 1680 by Harris, but there is later work by Young, Richard Seede and Vowles. In 1923 the organ was rebuilt by William Hill & Son & Norman & Beard. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20237994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237994" title="Janice McKenzie">
Janice McKenzie

Janice McKenzie is an English actress. She has appeared in "Coronation Street" as Mrs Paton (2000), "Family Affairs" as Helen Cooper (1997-1999) and most famously as Gloria Weaver/Pollard in "Emmerdale" (2000-2003, 2004). She has since appeared in televised dramas such as "Holby City" (2005), "The Royal" (2006) and "Doctors" (2004; 2007). However, she has been most active in theatre throughout her career.
She trained at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama and has worked in theatres throughout the UK. She has also been a teacher of English and Drama.

</doc>
<doc id="20237995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20237995" title="1992 Thriftway ATP Championships">
1992 Thriftway ATP Championships

The 1992 Cincinnati Open, known by the corporate title of the Thriftway ATP Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 91st edition of the tournament and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1992 ATP Tour It took place in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, from August 10 through August 17, 1992.
The tournament had previously appeared on the Tier III of the WTA Tour but no event was held from 1989 to 2003.
The men's field was headlined by ATP No. 1, French Open, Australian Open, Rome, Miami titlist Jim Courier, Stefan Edberg and Pete Sampras. Other top seeds were Indian Wells winner Michael Chang, Washington champion, French Open runner-up Petr Korda, Andre Agassi, Guy Forget and Ivan Lendl.

</doc>
<doc id="20238015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238015" title="Aberdeen University RFC">
Aberdeen University RFC

Aberdeen University Rugby Football Club (AURFC) is the rugby union team at the University of Aberdeen in Scotland.
History.
Acknowledged as the equal oldest rugby club in the North East of Scotland, (founded in 1871), AURFC has had a long and successful history producing both Scotland and British Lions players. Its traditional playing venue has been Kings Playing Fields right in the heart of old Aberdeen and the centre of campus for the University of Aberdeen, the fifth oldest university in Britain. It was not until 1882 that AURFC affiliated to the Scottish Rugby Union, it was the 17th club to join the SRU structure and the first club north of Edinburgh to join after the University of St Andrews RFC, which is one of the founder members of the Scottish Rugby Union. University rugby is exceptionally important to Scottish Rugby with one quarter of the oldest teams in Scotland being university based.
Decline and rebirth.
AURFC was disciplined by the Scottish Rugby Union for not fulfilling fixtures in the late 1990s. This resulted in the club being removed from the SRU league structure and forced to start from the bottom division. This was the lowest point in the clubs long and distinguished history. With Aberdeen Grammar being demoted from the Scottish Premier league a void of high class rugby teams in Aberdeen existed and resulted in many university players returning from clubs to play for AURFC. Several seasons of straight promotions in the beginning of the new century has seen the team rise to Caledonian Division League 1 and also a return to the first division of the Scottish Universities Sport and BUCS Leagues and won Division 1A in 2010.
Achievements.
The club's achievements have been considerable. Most notably was the 2007/08 Scottish Hydro Electric Scottish Rugby Union Plate victory at Murrayfield. This was the first time a university side has ever reached the final of an SRU competition. They followed up this success in season 2008/09 when they successful defended their title with a 33-10 win against Duns. In the same year the university 1st XV was promoted to Division 1A and narrowly missed out on winning the league coming in second place, but in 2010 the 1st XV woin Scotland's top University league.
Affiliations.
AURFC is a full member of Aberdeen University Sports Union and the Scottish Rugby Union.
Notable players.
The club throughout history has boasted some impressive individual rugby players and have represented Scotland and the British and Irish Lions. 
Since the dawn of the professional era, the club has not had any Scottish international or British Lions players again but annually boasts several age group Scottish internationals and in 2008/09 had 15 players selected for the Scottish Universities squad.

</doc>
<doc id="20238049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238049" title="Scott Boden">
Scott Boden

Scott David Boden (born 19 December 1989 in Sheffield) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Macclesfield Town.
Career.
In 2008, Boden was loaned out from Sheffield United to play five matches for IFK Mariehamn in the Finnish Premier Division. Boden left the Åland islands for England and Chesterfield after his stint at the Mariehamn based club.
In October 2011 Scott moved to Macclesfield Town on a one-month loan.
He was offered a new one year contract by Chesterfield in May 2012 which Boden accepted.
On 31 January 2013, having struggled to get regular football at Chesterfield, Boden moved on loan to Conference National side Alfreton Town until 20 April. After three goals in thirteen appearances Boden was recalled two weeks early following an injury to Marc Richards. He made one further appearance for Chesterfield following his loan, before being released at the end of the season.
On 29 July 2013, following a successful trial period, Boden signed for former club Macclesfield Town on a permanent basis, penning a one-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="20238068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238068" title="1991 Thriftway ATP Championships">
1991 Thriftway ATP Championships

The 1991 Cincinnati Open, known by the corporate title of the Thriftway ATP Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 90th edition of the tournament and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1991 ATP Tour It took place in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, from August 12 through August 19 1991.
The tournament had previously appeared on the Tier III of the WTA Tour but no event was held from 1989 to 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20238168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238168" title="14th Dalai Lama">
14th Dalai Lama

The 14th Dalai Lama (religious name: Tenzin Gyatso, shortened from Jetsun Jamphel Ngawang Lobsang Yeshe Tenzin Gyatso, born Lhamo Dondrub, 6 July 1935) is the 14th and current Dalai Lama, as well as the longest lived incumbent. Dalai Lamas are the head monks of the Gelug school, the newest of the schools of Tibetan Buddhism. He won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989, and is also well known for his lifelong advocacy for Tibetans inside and outside Tibet.
The Dalai Lama was born in Taktser, Qinghai (also known to Tibetans as Amdo), and was selected as the rebirth of the 13th Dalai Lama two years later, although he was only formally recognized as the 14th Dalai Lama on 17 November 1950, at the age of 15. The Gelug school's government administered an area roughly corresponding to the Tibet Autonomous Region just as the nascent People's Republic of China wished to assert central control over it. There is a dispute over whether the respective governments reached an agreement for a joint Chinese-Tibetan administration.
During the 1959 Tibetan uprising, the Dalai Lama fled to India, where he denounced the People's Republic and established a Tibetan government in exile. He has since traveled the world, advocating for the welfare of Tibetans, teaching Tibetan Buddhism and talking about the importance of compassion as the source of a happy life. Around the world, institutions face pressure from China not to accept him. He has spoken about the environment, economics, women's rights, non-violence, interfaith dialog, physics, astronomy, reproductive health, and sexuality, along with various Mahayana and Vajrayana topics. 
Early life and background.
Lhamo Döndrub (or "Thondup") was born on 6 July 1935 to a farming and horse trading family in the small hamlet of Taktser, in the eastern border of the former Tibetan region of Amdo, then already assimilated into the Chinese province of Qinghai. He was one of seven siblings to survive childhood. The eldest was his sister Tsering Dolma, eighteen years older. His eldest brother, Thupten Jigme Norbu, had been recognised at the age of eight as the reincarnation of the high Lama Taktser Rinpoche. His sister, Jetsun Pema, spent most of her adult life on the Tibetan Children's Villages project. The Dalai Lama's first language was, in his own words, "a broken Xining language which was (a dialect of) the Chinese language" as his family did not speak the Tibetan language.
A search party was sent to locate the new incarnation when the boy who was to become the 14th was about two years old. It is said that, amongst other omens, the head of the embalmed body of the thirteenth Dalai Lama, at first facing south-east, had mysteriously turned to face the northeast—indicating the direction in which his successor would be found.
The Regent, Reting Rinpoche, shortly afterwards had a vision at the sacred lake of Lhamo La-tso indicating Amdo as the region to search—specifically a one-story house with distinctive guttering and tiling. After extensive searching, the Thondup house, with its features resembling those in Reting's vision, was finally found.
Thondup was presented with various relics, including toys, some of which had belonged to the 13th Dalai Lama and some of which had not.
It was reported that he had correctly identified all the items owned by the previous Dalai Lama, exclaiming, "That's mine! That's mine!"
The Chinese Muslim General Ma Bufang did not want the 14th Dalai Lama to succeed his predecessor. Ma Bufang stationed his men to place the Dalai Lama under effective house arrest, saying it was needed for "protection", refusing to permit his leaving to Tibet. He did all he could to delay the transport of the Dalai Lama from Qinghai to Tibet, by demanding massive sums of money in silver. The demanded payment by Ma Bufang was 100,000 Chinese silver dollars.
Lhamo Thondup was recognised formally as the reincarnated Dalai Lama and renamed Jetsun Jamphel Ngawang Lobsang Yeshe Tenzin Gyatso ("Holy Lord, Gentle Glory, Compassionate, Defender of the Faith, Ocean of Wisdom") although he was not formally enthroned as the Dalai Lama until the age of 15; instead, the regent acted as the head of the Kashag until that time. Tibetan Buddhists normally refer to him as Yishin Norbu ("Wish-Fulfilling Gem"), Kyabgon ("Saviour"), or just Kundun ("Presence"). His devotees, as well as much of the Western world, often call him "His Holiness the Dalai Lama", the style employed on the Dalai Lama's website.
Monastic education commenced at the age of six years, his principal teachers being Yongdzin Ling Rinpoche (senior tutor) and Yongdzin Trijang Rinpoche (junior tutor). At the age of 11 he met the Austrian mountaineer Heinrich Harrer, who became his videographer and tutor about the world outside Lhasa. The two remained friends until Harrer's death in 2006.
In 1959, at the age of 23, he took his final examination at Lhasa's Jokhang Temple during the annual Monlam or "prayer" Festival. He passed with honours and was awarded the Lharampa degree, the highest-level "geshe" degree, roughly equivalent to a doctorate in Buddhist philosophy.
Life as the Dalai Lama.
Historically the Dalai Lamas had political and religious influence in the Western Tibetan area of Ü-Tsang around Lhasa, where the Gelug school of Tibetan Buddhism was popular and the Dalai Lamas held land under their jurisdiction. In 1939, at the age of four, the present Dalai Lama was taken in a procession of lamas to Lhasa.
The Dalai Lama's childhood was spent between the Potala Palace and Norbulingka, his summer residence, both of which are now UNESCO World Heritage Sites.
China asserts that the Kuomintang government ratified the 14th Dalai Lama and that a Kuomintang representative, General Wu Zhongxin, presided over the ceremony. It cites a ratification order dated February 1940, and a documentary film of the ceremony. According to Tsering Shakya, Wu Zhongxin along with other foreign representatives was present at the ceremony, but there is no evidence that he presided over it. He also wrote:
""On 8 July 1949, the Kashag Parliament called Chen Xizhang, the acting director of the Mongolian and Tibetan Affairs Commission office in Lhasa. He was informed that the Tibetan Government had decided to expel all Chinese connected with the Nationalist Government. Fearing that the Chinese might organize protests in the streets of Lhasa, the Kashag imposed a curfew until all the Chinese had left. This they did on 14, 17 and 20 July 1949. At the same time the Tibetan Government sent a telegram to General Chiang Kai-shek and to President Li Zongren informing them of the decision.""
During his reign, a border crisis erupted with the Republic of China in 1942. Under orders from the Kuomintang government of Chiang Kai-shek, Ma Bufang repaired Yushu airport to prevent Tibetan separatists from seeking independence. Chiang also ordered Ma Bufang to put his Muslim soldiers on alert for an invasion of Tibet in 1942. Ma Bufang complied, and moved several thousand troops to the border with Tibet. Chiang also threatened the Tibetans with aerial bombardment if they worked with the Japanese. Ma Bufang attacked the Tibetan Buddhist Tsang monastery in 1941. He also constantly attacked the Labrang monastery.
In October 1950 the army of the People's Republic of China marched to the edge of the Dalai Lama's territory and sent a delegation after defeating a legion of the Tibetan army in warlord-controlled Kham. On 17 November 1950, at the age of 15, the 14th Dalai Lama was enthroned formally as the temporal ruler of Tibet.
Cooperation and conflicts with the People's Republic of China.
The Dalai Lama's formal rule was brief. He sent a delegation to Beijing, which ratified the Seventeen Point Agreement for the Peaceful Liberation of Tibet. He worked with the Chinese government: in September 1954, together with the 10th Panchen Lama he went to the Chinese capital to meet Mao Zedong and attend the first session of the National People's Congress as a delegate, primarily discussing China's constitution. On 27 September 1954, the Dalai Lama was selected as a deputy chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, a post he officially held until 1964.
In 1956, on a trip to India to celebrate the Buddha's Birthday, the Dalai Lama asked the Prime Minister of India, Jawaharlal Nehru, if he would allow him political asylum should he choose to stay. Nehru discouraged this as a provocation against peace, and reminded him of the Indian Government's non-interventionist stance agreed upon with its 1954 treaty with China. The CIA, with the Korean War only recently over, offered the Dalai Lama assistance. In 1956, a large rebellion broke out in eastern Kham, an ethnically Tibetan region in Sichuan province. To support the rebels, the CIA launched a covert action campaign against the Communist Chinese. A secret military training camp for the Khampa guerrillas was established at Camp Hale near Leadville, Colorado, in the U.S. The guerrillas attacked Communist forces in Amdo and Kham but were gradually pushed into Central Tibet.
Exile to India.
At the outset of the 1959 Tibetan uprising, fearing for his life, the Dalai Lama and his retinue fled Tibet with the help of the CIA's Special Activities Division, crossing into India on 30 March 1959, reaching Tezpur in Assam on 18 April. Some time later he set up the Government of Tibet in Exile in Dharamshala, India, which is often referred to as ""Little Lhasa"". After the founding of the government in exile he re-established the approximately 80,000 Tibetan refugees who followed him into exile in agricultural settlements. He created a Tibetan educational system in order to teach the Tibetan children the language, history, religion, and culture. The Tibetan Institute of Performing Arts was established in 1959 and the Central Institute of Higher Tibetan Studies became the primary university for Tibetans in India. He supported the refounding of 200 monasteries and nunneries in an attempt to preserve Tibetan Buddhist teachings and the Tibetan way of life.
The Dalai Lama appealed to the United Nations on the rights of Tibetans. This appeal resulted in three resolutions adopted by the General Assembly in 1959, 1961, and 1965, all before the People's Republic was allowed representation at the United Nations. The resolutions called on China to respect the human rights of Tibetans. In 1963, he promulgated a democratic constitution which is based upon the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, creating an elected parliament and an administration to champion his cause. In 1970, he opened the Library of Tibetan Works and Archives in Dharamshala which houses over 80,000 manuscripts and important knowledge resources related to Tibetan history, politics and culture. It is considered one of the most important institutions for Tibetology in the world.
International advocacy.
At the Congressional Human Rights Caucus in 1987 in Washington, D.C., the Dalai Lama gave a speech outlining his ideas for the future status of Tibet. The plan called for Tibet to become a democratic "zone of peace" without nuclear weapons, and with support for human rights, that barred the entry of Han Chinese. The plan would come to be known as the "Strasbourg proposal", because the Dalai Lama expanded on the plan at Strasbourg on 15 June 1988. There, he proposed the creation of a self-governing Tibet "in association with the People's Republic of China." This would have been pursued by negotiations with the PRC government, but the plan was rejected by the Tibetan Government-in-Exile in 1991. The Dalai Lama has indicated that he wishes to return to Tibet only if the People's Republic of China agrees not to make any precondition for his return. In the 1970s, the then-Paramount leader Deng Xiaoping set China's sole return requirement to the Dalai Lama as that he "must back as a Chinese citizen... that is, patriotism".
The Dalai Lama celebrated his seventieth birthday on 6 July 2005. About 10,000 Tibetan refugees, monks and foreign tourists gathered outside his home. Patriarch Alexius II of the Russian Orthodox Church affirmed positive relations with Buddhists. Then President of the Republic of China (Taiwan), Chen Shui-bian, attended an evening celebrating the Dalai Lama's birthday at the Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall in Taipei. In October 2008 in Japan, the Dalai Lama addressed the 2008 Tibetan violence that had erupted and that the Chinese government accused him of fomenting. He responded that he had "lost faith" in efforts to negotiate with the Chinese government, and that it was "up to the Tibetan people" to decide what to do.
Teaching activities.
The Dalai Lama has conducted numerous public initiations in the Kalachakra, and is the author of many books, including books on the topic of Dzogchen, a practice in which he is accomplished. His teaching activities in the U.S. include the following:
In February 2007, the Dalai Lama was named "Presidential Distinguished Professor" at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia; it was the first time that he accepted a university appointment. On his April 2008 U.S. tour, he gave lectures at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor and at Colgate University (New York) Later in July, the Dalai Lama gave a public lecture and conducted a series of teachings at Lehigh University (Pennsylvania). On May 8, 2011, the University of Minnesota bestowed upon him their highest award, an Honorary Doctor of Letters.
Interfaith dialogue.
The Dalai Lama met with Pope Paul VI at the Vatican in 1973. He met with Pope John Paul II in 1980, 1982, 1986, 1988, 1990, and 2003. In 1990, he met in Dharamshala with a delegation of Jewish teachers for an extensive interfaith dialogue. He has since visited Israel three times and met during 2006 with the Chief Rabbi of Israel. In 2006, he met privately with Pope Benedict XVI. He has met with the Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr. Robert Runcie, and other leaders of the Anglican Church in London, Gordon B. Hinckley, who at the time was the president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormons), as well as senior Eastern Orthodox Church, Muslim, Hindu, Jewish, and Sikh officials. The Dalai Lama is also currently a member of the Board of World Religious Leaders as part of The Elijah Interfaith Institute and participated in the Third Meeting of the Board of World Religious Leaders in Amritsar, India, on 26 November 2007 to discuss the topic of Love and Forgiveness.
On 6 January 2009, at Gujarat's Mahuva, the Dalai Lama inaugurated an interfaith "World Religions-Dialogue and Symphony" conference convened by Hindu preacher Morari Bapu. This conference explored "ways and means to deal with the discord among major religions", according to Morari Bapu. He has stated that modern scientific findings should take precedence where appropriate over disproven religious superstition.
On 12 May 2010, in Bloomington, Indiana (USA) the Dalai Lama, joined by a panel of select scholars, officially launched the Common Ground Project, which he and Prince Ghazi bin Muhammad of Jordan had planned over the course of several years of personal conversations. The project is based on the book "Common Ground between Islam and Buddhism".
Social stances.
Abortion.
The Dalai Lama has shown a nuanced and relatively flexible position on abortion. He explained that, from the perspective of the Buddhist precepts, abortion is an act of killing. He has also clarified that in certain cases abortion could be considered ethically acceptable "if the unborn child will be retarded or if the birth will create serious problems for the parent", which could only be determined on a case-by-case basis.
Democracy, non-violence, religious harmony, and Tibet's relationship with India.
The Dalai Lama says that he is active in spreading India's message of non-violence and religious harmony throughout the world. "I am the messenger of India's ancient thoughts the world over." He has said that democracy has deep roots in India. He says he considers India the master and Tibet its disciple, as great scholars like Nagarjuna went from Nalanda to Tibet to preach Buddhism in the eighth century. He has noted that millions of people lost their lives in violence and the economies of many countries were ruined due to conflicts in the 20th century. "Let the 21st century be a century of tolerance and dialogue."
In 1993, the Dalai Lama attended the World Conference on Human Rights and made a speech titled "Human Rights and Universal Responsibility".
In 2001, he answered the question of a girl in a Seattle school by saying that it is permissible to shoot someone with a gun in self-defense if that person was "trying to kill you," and he emphasized that the shot should not be fatal.
In May 2013, the Dalai Lama openly criticised Buddhist monks' attacks on Muslims in Myanmar saying "Really, killing people in the name of religion is unthinkable, very sad."
Diet and animal welfare.
The Dalai Lama advocates compassion for animals and frequently urges people to try vegetarianism or at least reduce their consumption of meat. In Tibet, where historically meat was the most common food, most monks historically have been omnivores, including the Dalai Lamas. The Fourteenth Dalai Lama was raised in a meat-eating family but converted to vegetarianism after arriving in India, where vegetables are much more easily available. He spent many years as a vegetarian, but after contracting Hepatitis in India and suffering from weakness, his doctors ordered him to eat meat on alternating days, which he did for several years. He tried switching back to a vegetarian diet, but once again returned to limited consumption of meat. This attracted public attention when, during a visit to the White House, he was offered a vegetarian menu but declined by replying, as he is known to do on occasion when dining in the company of non-vegetarians, "I'm a Tibetan monk, not a vegetarian". His own home kitchen, however, is completely vegetarian.
Economics.
The Dalai Lama has referred to himself as a Marxist and has articulated criticisms of capitalism.
He reports hearing of communism when he was very young, but only in the context of the destruction of Communist Mongolia. It was only when he went on his trip to Beijing that he studied Marxist theory. At that time, he reports, "I was so attracted to Marxism, I even expressed my wish to become a Communist Party member", citing his favorite concepts of self-sufficiency and equal distribution of wealth. He does not believe that China implemented "true Marxist policy", and thinks the historical communist states such as the Soviet Union "were far more concerned with their narrow national interests than with the Workers' International". Moreover, he believes one flaw of historically "Marxist regimes" is that they place too much emphasis on destroying the ruling class, and not enough on compassion. Despite this, he finds Marxism superior to capitalism, believing the latter is only concerned with "how to make profits", whereas the former has "moral ethics". Stating in 1993:
Environment.
The Dalai Lama is outspoken in his concerns about environmental problems, frequently giving public talks on themes related to the environment. He has pointed out that many rivers in Asia originate in Tibet, and that the melting of Himalayan glaciers could affect the countries in which the rivers flow. He acknowledged official Chinese laws against deforestation in Tibet, but is cynical because of possible official corruption. He was quoted as saying "ecology should be part of our daily life"; personally, he takes showers instead of baths, and turns lights off when he leaves a room. Around 2005, he started campaigning for wildlife conservation, including by issuing a religious ruling against wearing tiger and leopard skins as garments. The Dalai Lama supports the anti-whaling position in the whaling controversy, but has criticized the activities of groups such as the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society (which carries out acts of what it calls aggressive non-violence against property). Before the 2009 United Nations Climate Change Conference, he urged national leaders to put aside domestic concerns and take collective action against climate change.
Sexuality.
A monk since childhood, the Dalai Lama has said that sex offers fleeting satisfaction and leads to trouble later, while chastity offers a better life and "more independence, more freedom". He has observed that problems arising from conjugal life sometimes even lead to suicide or murder. He has asserted that all religions have the same view about adultery.
In his discussions of the traditional Buddhist view on appropriate sexual behavior, he explains the concept of "right organ in the right object at the right time," which historically has been interpreted as indicating that oral, manual and anal sex (both homosexual and heterosexual) are not appropriate in Buddhism or for Buddhists, yet he also says that in modern times all common, consensual sexual practices that do not cause harm to others are ethically acceptable and that society should not discriminate against gays and lesbians and should accept and respect them from a secular point of view. In a 1994 interview with "OUT Magazine", the Dalai Lama clarified his personal opinion on the matter by saying, "If someone comes to me and asks whether homosexuality is okay or not, I will ask 'What is your companion's opinion?'. If you both agree, then I think I would say, 'If two males or two females voluntarily agree to have mutual satisfaction without further implication of harming others, then it is okay.'" However, when interviewed by Canadian TV news anchor Evan Solomon on about whether or not homosexuality is acceptable in Buddhism, the Dalai Lama responded that "it is sexual misconduct". This was an echo of an earlier response in a 2004 Vancouver Sun interview when asked about homosexuality in Buddhism, where the Dalai Lama replied "for a Buddhist, the same sex, that is sexual misconduct"
In his 1996 book "Beyond Dogma", he described a traditional Buddhist definition of an appropriate sexual act as follows: "A sexual act is deemed proper when the couples use the organs intended for sexual intercourse and nothing else... Homosexuality, whether it is between men or between women, is not improper in itself. What is improper is the use of organs already defined as inappropriate for sexual contact." He elaborated in 1997, explaining that the basis of that teaching was unknown to him. He also conveyed his own "willingness to consider the possibility that some of the teachings may be specific to a particular cultural and historic context".
The Dalai Lama has expressed concern at “reports of violence and discrimination against gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people” and “urges respect, tolerance and the full recognition of human rights for all.”
Women's rights.
On gender equality and sexism, the Dalai Lama proclaimed at the National Civil Rights Museum in Memphis, Tennessee in 2009: "I call myself a feminist. Isn't that what you call someone who fights for women's rights?"
He also said that by nature, women are more compassionate "based of their biology and ability to nurture and birth children." He called on women to "lead and create a more compassionate world, citing the good works of nurses and mothers.
Health.
In April 2013, at the "Culture of Compassion" event in Ebrington Square in Derry, Northern Ireland, the Dalai Lama asserted, stressing the importance of peace of mind: "Warm-heartedness is a key factor for healthy individuals, healthy families and healthy communities...Scientists say that a healthy mind is a major factor for a healthy body. If you're serious about your health, think and take most concern for your peace of mind. That's very, very important."
Retirement.
In May 2007, Chhime Rigzing, a senior spokesman for his office, stated that the Dalai Lama was moving into "retirement", but in 2008 the Dalai Lama himself ruled out such a move, saying "There is no... question of retirement." Rigzing stated "The political leadership will be transferred over a period of time but he will inevitably continue to be the spiritual leader". The Dalai Lama announced he would like the Tibetan Parliament in Exile to have more responsibility over the Central Tibetan Administration.
In response to the 2008 Tibetan unrest, on 18 March 2008 the Dalai Lama threatened to step down, which would be a first for a Dalai Lama. Aides later clarified that this threat was predicated on a further escalation of violence, and that he did not presently have the intention of leaving his political or spiritual offices.
In the ensuing months, he held meetings aimed at discussing the future institution of the Dalai Lama, including " conclave, like in the Catholic Church, a woman as my successor, no Dalai Lama anymore, or perhaps even two", referring to the possibility of having both his approved successor and China's approved successor both claiming the title. He has clarified that his goal is to relinquish all temporal power and to no longer play a "pronounced spiritual role" and have a simpler monastic life.
In a speech given on 10 March 2011, the 14th Dalai Lama stated that he will propose changes to the constitution of the Tibetan government in exile which will remove the Dalai Lama's role as head of state, replacing him with an elected leader. If accepted by the Tibetan parliament in exile, this will constitute the Dalai Lama's retirement from his formal political role, although he will retain his position as a religious dignitary. He formally submitted his resignation as political leader to the Tibetan Parliament-in-exile in Dharamshala, India, on 14 March 2011.
On May 29, 2011, "His Holiness the Dalai Lama ... ratified the amendment to the charter of Tibetans delegating his administrative and political authorities to the democratically elected leaders of the Central Tibetan Administration."
Succession and reincarnation.
On 24 September 2011, the Dalai Lama issued the following statement concerning his reincarnation:
When I am about ninety I will consult the high Lamas of the Tibetan Buddhist traditions, the Tibetan public, and other concerned people who follow Tibetan Buddhism, and re-evaluate whether the institution of the Dalai Lama should continue or not. On that basis we will take a decision. If it is decided that the reincarnation of the Dalai Lama should continue and there is a need for the Fifteenth Dalai Lama to be recognized, responsibility for doing so will primarily rest on the concerned officers of the Dalai Lama’s Gaden Phodrang Trust. They should consult the various heads of the Tibetan Buddhist traditions and the reliable oath-bound Dharma Protectors who are linked inseparably to the lineage of the Dalai Lamas. They should seek advice and direction from these concerned beings and carry out the procedures of search and recognition in accordance with past tradition. I shall leave clear written instructions about this. Bear in mind that, apart from the reincarnation recognized through such legitimate methods, no recognition or acceptance should be given to a candidate chosen for political ends by anyone, including those in the People’s Republic of China. 
On 3 October 2011, the Dalai Lama repeated his statement in an interview with Canadian CTV News. He added that Chinese laws banning the selection of successors based on reincarnation will not impact his decisions. "Naturally my next life is entirely up to me. No one else. And also this is not a political matter," he said in the interview. The Dalai Lama also added that he was not decided on whether he would reincarnate or if he would be the last Dalai Lama.
Controversies.
Dorje Shugden.
Dorje Shugden was a "gyalpo" "angry and vengeful spirit" of South Tibet, which was subsequently adopted as a "minor protector" of the Gelug school headed by the Dalai Lamas. Dreyfus notes "Shuk-den was nothing but a minor Ge-luk protector before the 1930s when Pa-bong-ka started to promote him aggressively as the main Ge-luk protector." This change is reflected in artwork, since there is "lack of Dorje Shugden art in the Gelug school prior to the end of the 19th century." The Dalai Lama says he had not banned the practice, but strongly discourages it as he feels it promotes a spirit as being more important than Buddha, and that it may encourage cult-like practices and sectarianism within Tibetan Buddhism. The Shugden worshipers in India protest that they are denied admission to hospitals, stores, and other social services provided by the local Tibetan community. The Chinese government demands monks to worship Shugden, in conjunction with forcing them to denounce the Dalai Lama and fly the Chinese national flag.
Recognition of the 17th Karmapa.
Another controversy associated with the Dalai Lama is the recognition of the seventeenth Karmapa. Two factions of the Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism have chosen two different Karmapas, leading to a deep division within the Kagyu school. The Dalai Lama has given his support to Urgyen Trinley Dorje, while supporters of Trinley Thaye Dorje claim that the Dalai Lama has no authority in the matter, nor is there a historical precedent for a Dalai Lama involving himself in an internal Kagyu dispute. In his 2001 address at the International Karma Kagyu Conference, Kunzig Shamar Rinpoche—one of the four Karma Kagyu regents—accused the Dalai Lama of adopting a "divide and conquer" policy to eliminate any potential political rivalry arising from within the Kagyu school. For his side, the Dalai Lama accepted the prediction letter presented by Tai Situ Rinpoche (another Karma Kagyu regent) as authentic, and therefore Tai Situ Rinpoche's recognition of Urgyen Trinley Dorje, also as correct. Tibet observer Julian Gearing suggests that there might be political motives to the Dalai Lama's decision: ""The Dalai Lama gave his blessing to the recognition of Trinley, eager to win over the formerly troublesome sect [the Kagyu school, and with the hope that the new Karmapa could play a role in a political solution of the 'Tibet Question.' ...If the allegations are to be believed, a simple nomad boy was turned into a political and religious pawn"." However, according to Tsurphu Labrang, articles by Julian Gearing on this subject are biased, unverified and without crosschecking of basic facts.
CIA Tibetan program.
In October 1998, the Dalai Lama's administration acknowledged that it received $1.7 million a year in the 1960s from the U.S. government through the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). When asked by CIA officer John Kenneth Knaus in 1995 to comment on the CIA Tibetan program, the Dalai Lama replied that though it helped the morale of those resisting the Chinese, "thousands of lives were lost in the resistance" and further, that "the U.S. Government had involved itself in his country's affairs not to help Tibet but only as a Cold War tactic to challenge the Chinese."
In his autobiography "Freedom in Exile", the Dalai Lama criticized the CIA again for supporting the Tibetan independence movement "not because they (the CIA) cared about Tibetan independence, but as part of their worldwide efforts to destabilize all communist governments".
In 1999, the Dalai Lama admitted that the CIA Tibetan program had been harmful for Tibet because it was primarily aimed at serving American interests, and "once the American policy toward China changed, they stopped their help".
Ties to India.
The Chinese press has criticized the Dalai Lama for his close ties with India. His 2010 remarks at the International Buddhist Conference in Gujarat saying that he was "Tibetan in appearance, but an Indian in spirituality" and referral to himself as a "son of India" in particular led the "People's Daily" to opine, "Since the Dalai Lama deems himself an Indian rather than Chinese, then why is he entitled to represent the voice of the Tibetan people?" Dhundup Gyalpo of the "Tibet Sun" shot back that Tibetan religion could be traced back to Nalanda in India, and that Tibetans have no connection to Chinese "apart... from a handful of culinary dishes". The People's Daily stressed the links between Chinese Buddhism and Tibetan Buddhism and accused the Dalai Lama of "betraying southern Tibet to India". Two years earlier in 2008, the Dalai Lama said for the first time that the territory, which India claims as part of Arunachal Pradesh, is part of India, citing the disputed 1914 Simla Accord.
Public image.
The Dalai Lama's appeal is variously ascribed to his charismatic personality, international fascination with Buddhism, his universalist values, international sympathy for the Tibetans, and western sinophobia. In the 1990s, many films were released by the American film industry about Tibet, including biopics of the Dalai Lama. This is attributed to both the Dalai Lama's 1989 Nobel Peace Prize as well as to the euphoria following the Fall of Communism. The most notable films, "Kundun" and "Seven Years in Tibet" (both released in 1997), portrayed "an idyllic pre-1950 Tibet, with a smiling, soft-spoken Dalai Lama at the helm – a Dalai Lama sworn to non-violence": portrayals the Chinese government decried as ahistorical. One South African official publicly criticised the Dalai Lama's politics and lamented a taboo on criticism of him, saying "To say anything against the Dalai Lama is, in some quarters, equivalent to trying to shoot Bambi".
Critics of the news and entertainment media coverage of the controversy charge that feudal Tibet was not as benevolent as popularly portrayed. The penal code before 1913 included forms of judicial mutilation and capital punishment to enforce a social system controversially described as both slavery and serfdom. In response, the Dalai Lama agreed many of old Tibet's practices needed reform. His predecessor had banned extreme punishments and the death penalty. And he had started some reforms like removal of debt inheritance during the early years of his government under the People's Republic of China in 1951.
The Dalai Lama has his own page on Facebook.
International reception.
The Dalai Lama has been successful in gaining Western sympathy for himself and the cause of greater Tibetan autonomy or independence, including vocal support from numerous Hollywood celebrities, most notably the actors Richard Gere and Steven Seagal, as well as lawmakers from several major countries.
Depiction in the media.
The 14th Dalai Lama has been depicted in various movies and television programs including:
Awards and honors.
The Dalai Lama has received numerous awards over his spiritual and political career. In 1959, he received the Ramon Magsaysay Award for Community Leadership.
After the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989, the Norwegian Nobel Committee awarded the Dalai Lama the 1989 Nobel Peace Prize. The Committee officially gave the prize to the Dalai Lama for "the struggle of the liberation of Tibet and the efforts for a peaceful resolution" and "in part a tribute to the memory of Mahatma Gandhi" although the President of the Committee also said that the prize was intended to put pressure on China, who was reportedly infuriated that the award was given to a separatist.
On 28 May 2005, the Dalai Lama received the Christmas Humphreys Award from the Buddhist Society in the United Kingdom. On 22 June 2006, he became one of only five people ever to be recognised with Honorary Citizenship by the Governor General of Canada. The Dalai Lama was a 2007 recipient of the Congressional Gold Medal, the highest civilian award bestowed by American lawmakers. In 2012, the Dalai Lama was awarded the Templeton Prize. He later donated the entire prize money to an Indian charity, "Save the Children".

</doc>
<doc id="20238177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238177" title="Orikum">
Orikum

Orikum is a municipality in the Vlorë District, Vlorë County, southwestern Albania. It was named after the ancient city Oricum, which was located 4 km west of modern Orikum. The municipality consists of the town Orikum and the villages Dukat Fushë, Dukat, Tragjas and Radhimë. Nearby the modern city is located the only marina in Albania, Marina of Orikum (as of 2011).

</doc>
<doc id="20238203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238203" title="1990 Thriftway ATP Championships">
1990 Thriftway ATP Championships

The 1990 Cincinnati Open, (also known as the "Thriftway ATP Championships" for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 91st edition of the tournament and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1990 ATP Tour. It took place in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States from August 13 through August 20, 1990.
The tournament had previously appeared on the Tier III Series of the WTA Tour but no event was held from 1989 to 2003.
The singles field was headlined by World No. 1, Wimbledon champion, Tokyo outdoor, Los Angeles, Indian Wells Masters title holder and Australian Open runner-up, 1987 Cincinnati winner Stefan Edberg, San Francisco, Washington, Key Biscayne winner, French Open finalist Andre Agassi and Barcelona, Madrid winner, French Open losing finalist Andrés Gómez. Other top seeds were Rotterdam, Orlando titlist Brad Gilbert, Tokyo outdoor finalist Aaron Krickstein, Jay Berger, Michael Chang and John McEnroe.

</doc>
<doc id="20238221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238221" title="Water polo at the 1964 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads">
Water polo at the 1964 Summer Olympics – Men's team squads

The Soviet Union entered a squad of eleven players. They scored 15 goals.
Head coach: Andrey Kistyakovsky and Evgeny Semenov

</doc>
<doc id="20238265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238265" title="Moving-average model">
Moving-average model

In time series analysis, the moving-average (MA) model is a common approach for modeling univariate time series models. The notation MA("q") refers to the moving average model of order "q":
where μ is the mean of the series, the "θ"1, ..., "θ""q" are the parameters of the model and the "ε""t", "ε""t"−1... are white noise error terms. The value of "q" is called the order of the MA model. This can be equivalently written in terms of the backshift operator "B" as
Thus, a moving-average model is conceptually a linear regression of the current value of the series against current and previous (unobserved) white noise error terms or random shocks. The random shocks at each point are assumed to be mutually independent and to come from the same distribution, typically a normal distribution, with location at zero and constant scale. Fitting the MA estimates is more complicated than with autoregressive models (AR models) because the lagged error terms are not observable. This means that iterative non-linear fitting procedures need to be used in place of linear least squares. 
The moving-average model is essentially a finite impulse response filter applied to white noise, with some additional interpretation placed on it. The role of the random shocks in the MA model differs from their role in the AR model in two ways. First, they are propagated to future values of the time series directly: for example, formula_3 appears directly on the right side of the equation for formula_4. In contrast, in an AR model formula_3 does not appear on the right side of the formula_4 equation, but it does appear on the right side of the formula_7 equation, and formula_7 appears on the right side of the formula_4 equation, giving only an indirect effect of formula_10 on formula_4. Second, in the MA model a shock affects formula_12 values only for the current period and "q" periods into the future; in contrast, in the AR model a shock affects formula_12 values infinitely far into the future, because formula_14 affects formula_4, which affects formula_16, which affects formula_17, and so on forever.
Sometimes the autocorrelation function (ACF) and partial autocorrelation function (PACF) will suggest that an MA model would be a better model choice and sometimes both AR and MA terms should be used in the same model (see Box-Jenkins#Identify p and q).

</doc>
<doc id="20238269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238269" title="Fergana Challenger">
Fergana Challenger

The Fergana Challenger is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour and the ITF Women's Circuit. It has been held annually at the Istiklol Tennis Club in Fergana, Uzbekistan, since 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20238287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238287" title="Catskill Escarpment">
Catskill Escarpment

The Catskill Escarpment, often referred to locally as just the Escarpment or the Great Wall of Manitou, and known as the Catskill Front to geologists, is the range forming the northeastern corner of the Catskill Mountains in Greene and Ulster counties in the U.S. state of New York. It rises very abruptly from the Hudson Valley to summits above in elevation, including three of the Catskill High Peaks, with almost no foothills. The plateau to the south and west averages above sea level.
The Escarpment was the first area of the Catskills to attract the interest of European settlers. Botanist John Bartram wrote a widely read account of an expedition there prior to independence, and a century later the North-South Lake area he had visited became home to a number of exclusive resorts, including the Catskill Mountain House. Views of it inspired Thomas Cole and other painters of the Hudson River school, the first art movement in the United States. Today much of it is New York State Forest Preserve within the Catskill Park, and a popular place for hiking, camping and other outdoor recreation.
Geography.
The Catskill Escarpment begins in the south at Overlook Mountain, just north of Woodstock. The graded trail to the summit and the 360 degree unobstructed view from the fire tower is a popular destination. The next mountain in the chain, directly to the north-northeast, is Plattekill Mountain, at dwarfed by its western neighbor, Indian Head Mountain, eastern end of the Devil's Path. To the north of Plattekill the ridge is broken by deep and narrow Platte Clove, the first of three breaks in the Escarpment. Just north of it the range crosses the Greene County line.
It rises again quickly to a high area around Kaaterskill High Peak, the easternmost Catskill High Peak and the first of three along the Escarpment. North of it the Escarpment is again breached by Kaaterskill Clove, the largest of its three breaks. It carries NY 23A through the Escarpment to the towns of Haines Falls, Tannersville and Hunter. Along its northern side is Kaaterskill Falls, one of the Catskills' oldest tourist attractions.
Above Kaaterskill Clove rises South Mountain, after which the ridge levels to North-South Lake, the former locale of the Catskill Mountain House and other resorts of the late 19th century. Today it is a busy public campground. North of it the ridge rises again to North Mountain, with the open views from North Point to its south one of the Catskills' most popular hikes.
Beyond North Point the Escarpment turns to the northwest. The land drops off slightly, then rises once again to Stoppel Point, in elevation. Then the Escarpment is broken once again by Dutcher or East Kill Notch, traversed only by an old road now used as a hiking trail. Another sharp rise leads up again to a ridge almost as high as Stoppel Point known unofficially as Arizona due to its dryness.
North of it rises Blackhead Mountain, the easternmost peak of the Blackhead Range and fifth highest in the Catskills overall. Its summit is the highest point along the Escarpment, visible with its neighbors from as far north as Albany. After its steep northern slope the range curves more sharply to the west. Minor peaks Burnt Knob and Acra Point form the northern wall of Big Hollow along with Windham High Peak, the last of the three High Peaks along the Escarpment and the mountain traditionally considered its northern end, as the lesser ranges to its west divide and do not rise as drastically as the Escarpment itself does from the nearby land.
Hydrologically, the entire Escarpment is within the Hudson River's drainage basin. To the east, Plattekill and Kaaterskill creeks drain the two cloves that share their names, and runoff from the ridge feeds Catskill Creek and other smaller tributaries of the Hudson in that area. To the west, with the exception of Kaaterskill High Peak, runoff feeds the headwaters and upper tributaries of Schoharie Creek, which rises at the height of land between Plattekill and Indian Head mountains. This makes them part of New York City's water supply due to the creek's impoundment at Schoharie Reservoir. Beyond there the Schoharie drains into the Mohawk and then back into the Hudson at Cohoes.
The Escarpment is considered the only place in the Catskills where the region's boundary is distinct and unambiguous. In other directions the slow descent of the mountains into the hills of the Allegheny Plateau leads to arbitrary delineations of the range's extent.
Due to its prominence, the Escarpment can be seen from a long distance around. It is a constant sight from not only the New York State Thruway in Greene County and the river but the Taconic State Parkway across the river and the mountains of western Connecticut and Massachusetts. From the Escarpment it is possible to see all those areas, plus Vermont, on a clear day. An overlook along Route 23 as it climbs the northern Escarpment is called Five State Lookout since New Hampshire's White Mountains are also visible.
Along the lower slopes, it forms part of the border between Ulster and Greene counties at its southern end. Within Greene County, it separates the towns of Catskill, Cairo and Durham on the lowland side from Hunter, Jewett and Windham in the mountains. The Catskill Park Blue Line also follows an irregular path along old property lines along its slopes from its southern end to the Route 23 junction, the northernmost point in the park.
Natural history.
The Escarpment owes its formation to three phases in different geological epochs. Two different processes shaped the range into what it is today.
Its limestone bedrock began forming 400 mya, during the Silurian period, when the Catskill region was a river delta and the shallow sea it drained into. The river carried eroded material from the Taconic Mountains to the northeast, then reaching as high as over present-day sea level. Later, during the Acadian orogeny, the sea became the deeper Appalachian Basin, and the sand and clay from the newer mountains became the shale and sandstone found throughout the Catskills today.
Eventually the sea floor itself began to drain and uplift. The area of today's Escarpment and northeastern Catskills had been the river's distributaries and had the thickest layer of Devonian sediments, leading it to uplift as a whole and become a plateau rather than fracturing into mountains. Gradually, the upper levels of the plateau began to erode and create stream basins, eventually becoming today's mountains and valleys
The Escarpment of that time was more gradually sloped than it is now, with much loose rock from its uplift. Sometime between 100,000 and 300,000 years ago, the Illinoian glaciation swept through the region. This had two impacts on the Escarpment. Not only did it scour and steepen its slopes, leaving the many bare cliffs found today, it carved out both Platte and Kaaterskill cloves from the narrower, shorter and shallower valleys of smaller streams. In the latter, the gouge in the Escarpment was so deep it resulted in stream capture, as the outflow streams from North-South Lake, the headwaters of what would eventually be named Schoharie Creek instead flowed down into the new gorge. This both created Kaaterskill Falls, one of the Catskills' early tourist attractions, and relocated the source of the Schoharie to its present location.
As the Escarpment began to revegetate in the wake of the retreat of the Wisconsin glaciation, its forests remained exposed to weather due to their location. Lightning in particular caused many forest fires. Catskill forest historian Michael Kudish believes that the southern Escarpment "has been burned over many times, perhaps hundred of times, during the last several thousand years".
Human history.
The history of the Escarpment is, in its early stages, the history of the Catskills, as the two were one and the same until modern surveying and science broadened the definition of the region in the late 19th century. No longer home to the Catskills' highest peak, the Escarpment became just the most visible of the Catskill ranges.
Native Americans and colonial era.
The Munsee and Mahican tribes of Native Americans indigenous to the Hudson Valley did not live in the mountains, but settled heavily in the valley below. They went up the Escarpment only to hunt or start fires to nurture hunting grounds and provide defensive barriers against other tribes, or to follow trails to other communities on the far side of the mountains. While nothing has been recorded from the early years of contact with European settlers of what role the mountains above them played in their religious beliefs, but it is very likely that they did, given their animistic traditions.
In 1609 Henry Hudson's "Halve Maen" sailed up the river later named for him in search of a route to China. They became the first Europeans to see the Escarpment, and thus the Catskills. No one would explore them for a century, until Johannes Hardenbergh secured the 2 million-acre (810,000 ha) land grant that bore his name from colonial governor Lord Cornbury in 1708, a patent later affirmed by his cousin, Queen Anne. The language of the document specified that its northeastern corner was at a lake above the Escarpment believed to be the source of Kaaterskill Creek, later North-South Lake. The murky circumstances of the patent, likely involving official corruption, compounded by litigation from a competing group of claimants and interference with the crews attempting to survey the property limited efforts to explore or settle the Escarpment, much less the whole region.
That began to change in 1741 when early American naturalist John Bartram climbed up to a "shady vale" around North-South Lake, where he collected samples of the resin of the "Balm of Gilead" tree (balsam fir) to send to his English patron, Peter Collinson). He returned the next year for more. Collinson regularly prevailed on Bartram over the next several years to return for some seeds of the tree, which the former hoped to grow in England, and in 1753 he did, accompanied by a guide and his son William. Despite being seriously ill, he returned to South Lake. He was unable to harvest any seeds, but in the process became the first person to record a visit to Kaaterskill Falls. His account, "To ye Cats Kill Mountains with Billy", illustrated by the boy, was the first scientific report on the Catskills. It listed most of the flora of the area and speculated on how the mountains might have been formed.
Independence and 19th century.
After the Revolution, the members of the Livingston family whose ancestral estate were the portion of the Hudson's eastern shore now the Hudson River Historic District, a National Historic Landmark (NHL), continued to enjoy the semi-feudal landownership they had broken with the Crown to protect. They made sure their estate houses, like Clermont Manor and Montgomery Place, both also NHLs, provided ample views of the Escarpment across the river, lands which the family had started to acquire. "The view to be had from these houses became of the very first importance," according to Catskill historian Alf Evers. "... man looking toward the Catskills from the east bank could see a view the equal in almost every respect to the already famous ones admired by so many tourists to England's Lake District." Horatio Spafford voiced a similar opinion at the time. "[The mountains associate a mass of interesting, picturesque and sublime objects, no where exceeded in this country", he wrote in his 1813 gazzeteer of the state. Later on, they followed the principles of Andrew Jackson Downing in designing their landscapes to provide views from its roads and paths. Even after the Livingstons moved on to other regions of the country, their reputation made the Catskills known in Britain as well as the U.S.
In 1812, Washington Irving visited the Livingston estates for a week; he may have taken some of his inspiration for "Rip Van Winkle", published seven years later, from that view. Other prominent American writers of the time took notice of the Catskills as well. In a famous passage in James Fenimore Cooper's "The Pioneers", written in 1823, Natty Bumppo describes both Kaaterskill Falls and the Pine Orchard, the area Bartram had explored and written about decades before.
The same year the hotel later to become the Catskill Mountain House was built at the spot. DeWitt Clinton was an early visitor. In 1824, the Hunter Turnpike, forerunner of today's Route 23A, was cut through Kaaterskill Clove, making the whole area more accessible. Otherwise, the area remained the same undeveloped wilderness Bartram had explored.
It was an ideal subject for a young painter named Thomas Cole, who visited the Catskills in 1825 and stayed at the new hotel. Struck by its wildness and the many scenic views both from the Escarpment and of it, he took sketches of the area and returned several times to get more. The Catskills had been a subject of art since the 1730s, but the landscapes Cole eventually painted caused a sensation back in New York, with John Trumbull observing that Cole "has done what I have all my life attempted in vain". Other artists like Asher Durand and Frederick Church began following Cole up the Hudson, and their similarly styled Romantic renderings of the region, called the Hudson River school after a critic's derisive remark, became the young nation's first native art movement.
Hotel era.
Poet William Cullen Bryant similarly used his art to glorify the Catskills, helping to create interest in the region as a tourist destination. Steamboat service up the Hudson, and later the railroads, made it even more accessible from New York City. Charles Beach took over a failing Catskill Mountain House in 1846 and turned it into one of mid-19th century America's most exclusive resorts, visited by presidents and other dignitaries. Guests explored the area, following paths and trails that still exist, to visit Kaaterskill Falls and other scenic spots.
Competing hotels opened up nearby over the next several decades. The Kaaterskill Hotel, founded by a disgruntled Mountain House guest, was located near the summit of South Mountain. The more modest Laurel House stood near the top of Kaaterskill Falls. Several hoteliers attempted to make a similar success on the summit of Overlook Mountain.
In the 1880s, the hotels started to lose their luster. The Catskills had already been displaced as New York's highest mountains by Mount Marcy and other Adirondack High Peaks; in 1879 Princeton geology professor Arnold Guyot, a regular summer guest at the Mountain House since the Civil War, announced that not only were the so-called "Shandaken Mountains" in Ulster County to the southwest geologically continuous with the Catskills, one of them, Slide Mountain, was at the highest peak in the entire range, instead of the Escarpment's Kaaterskill High Peak. He had also found that the Mountain House itself was not as high as Beach claimed. Beach and the other Escarpment resort owners tried to discredit Guyot and his findings, but within years they had verified by others.
A few years later, in 1885, the state legislature responded to increasing concerns that rampant logging in the Adirondacks might cause erosion that would silt up the Erie Canal and make it unnavigable by creating the Forest Preserve, under which any state land in several counties was to be left "forever wild". The Catskills were included in a later, revised version of the bill, when the Ulster County delegation saw a chance to take some tax-delinquent properties, and the county's obligations to the state, off the counties' hands. In 1894 the legislature and voters responded to loopholes in the legislation by writing it into the state constitution, where it has remained as Article 14 ever since.
While this had no immediate effect on the hoteliers, other trends of the era began producing a decline in guests at the Escarpment hotels. Expansions of the railroad network meant that the wealthy guests who had previously been content to go to the Mountain House or Kaaterskill instead went to their own great camps in the Adirondacks, or to other mountainous or coastal regions. Competing hotels in areas further inland now recognized as being in the Catskills claimed to offer a more genuine mountain experience, and purer air, to their guests. The guests who did come tended to stay for shorter periods, mainly hot weekends in the summer. Beach and the Mountain House made a long-planned joint venture to build an incline railway up the Escarpment to the hotel a reality in 1892, but it cut into their profits.
20th century.
The state made its first significant purchases along the Escarpment in 1900, with parcels along the ridgetop north of Blackhead. Beach, who had finally dropped his resistance to Jewish guests and electricity, died in 1902 and left his hotel to his sons. The roads up the cloves were paved to accommodate the then-new automobile. Since guests could then more easily reach the newer resorts further into the mountains, the Mountain House continued to suffer. The incline railroad was shut down in 1918. When the Hotel Kaaterskill burned down in 1924, it was not rebuilt.
The next year the state acquired Stoppel Point, complementing its purchase of Kaaterskill High Peak, most of Overlook, Plattekill and Roundtop in 1921, which had capped two decades of acquisitions on the northern Escarpment. It closed in on the Mountain House with the purchase of South Mountain and the former Kaaterskill site as the decade ended, and the son-in-law who now owned the Mountain House had to sell most of the tract to the state to make ends meet.
Despite the onset of the Great Depression, the Mountain House struggled through a few years, closing for a while, then reopening for one final season in 1942 under new ownership. New owners also began building a third Overlook Hotel in 1927 and continued throughout the 1930s; however, their supplies were stolen during World War II and the project was abandoned. Its decaying frame remains near the mountain's summit.
There were some attempts to revive the Mountain House after the war, and preservationists urged that it be restored as an architectural treasure. But the increasingly decrepit building was becoming hazardous to the hikers who explored it, and after the state acquired the building and the lands around it in 1962, the then-Conservation Department burned it down early the next year. Only its stone gateposts remain. Five years later the Laurel House was demolished as well.
The Escarpment's transition from private paradise to public playground was complete, although the last mountaintop parcel, the summit of Overlook, was not fully acquired until 1996. Over the course of the rest of the century, the state developed North-South Lake into the busy campground it is today and cut new trails and marked old roads and paths throughout the range. Today the Forest Preserve along the Escarpment is divided into several different management units and administered according to the Catskill State Land Master Plan.
Natural environment.
The forests of the Escarpment reflect their history, location and topography. The retreat of the glaciers, particularly on the ridgetops and northern and eastern slopes, scoured the rock, further distressing the growing environment on what are the Catskills' steepest and most exposed slopes. As a result the coniferous evergreen species characteristic of boreal forests such as red spruce and the balsam fir Bartram sought appear in much higher concentrations, and at lower elevations, then they do elsewhere in the Catskills. The summit of North Mountain, at 3,180 feet (970 m) above sea level, is covered in boreal forest, the lowest Catskill summit of which this is true. While there are no true alpine zones in the Catskills, Kudish has found the only areas in the range which come close along the Escarpment at elevations between along the Escarpment as it rises from lakes to North Mountain. These are exposed ridgetops where three-toothed cinquefoil, and in one mountain sandwort, is found. Since those species are shade-intolerant, it suggests that the sites have not reforested since the end of glaciation.
At lower elevations, the many fires that have raged over the region have left it with a mixed forest where oak and pine predominate. Several large areas of Norway spruce were planted on the north slopes of Windham High Peak during reforestation efforts following state land acquisitions in the 1930s. Due to the history of fires and logging on the northern sections of the range, there are very few areas of first-growth remaining outside of the boreal plots. The largest is the summit of Blackhead; the largest hardwood first-growth is likewise the around the summit of Windham High Peak. The Eastern hemlocks around Spruce Creek below Kaaterskill Falls are also a virgin stand. They survived the era when tanners sought the species for the tannin in its bark since the steep and perilous nature of that terrain made them too difficult to profitably extract. It and many of the other ravines draining into Kaaterskill Clove also support some plants species rare in New York State, such as roseroot stonecrop and fragrant cliff fern (listed as threatened and endangered at the state level, respectively).
Dominant fauna of the Escarpment are the species found elsewhere in the Catskills: white-tailed deer, porcupine, fisher, black bear and snowshoe hare. There have been some rare bobcat sightings up on the ridge. Bird species like the rare Bicknell's thrush and ruffed grouse nest in the boreal forests. A few rattlesnake dens are known to exist on the rocky ledges of Overlook at the southern end of the range. The paucity of water on the ridgetops and the slopes means that there are few major fish or amphibian species in the Escarpment, save around North-South Lake.
Protected areas.
Most of the Escarpment, including all its mountaintops and ridges, has been acquired by the state and added to the Forest Preserve, requiring that it be kept forever wild. Private land is found only in the cloves, where some of it is also protected. The Forest Preserve lands are divided into management units by the state Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC). Initially all of the state lands save North-South Lake Public Campground were classified as Wild Forests, a protection level unique to New York that is slightly less restrictive than wilderness. In 2008 an updated Catskill State Land Master Plan combined the North Mountain, Windham High Peak and Blackhead Range Wild Forests into one new unit, the Windham-Blackhead Range Wilderness. Two old roads through the Escarpment were also given a new classification, Primitive Bicycle Corridor, to accommodate mountain bikes.
From north to south, the areas are:
Recreational use.
All the Escarpment's public lands are available for passive recreation such as hiking, camping and birding. Hunting and fishing are permitted within season and as otherwise regulated by the state. Unpowered boating is permitted on Echo and North-South lakes.
Use is free except for North-South Lake Public Campground, for which a $8 fee is charged per vehicle in season (Campers are also charged $22 for the site). In return, heavier-impact camping and activities are allowed, and greater services are provided to visitors. There is also a 12-mile (18 km) snowmobile loop trail around Kaaterskill High Peak and Round Top.
The Escarpment has many hiking trails. Foremost among them is the Escarpment Trail, which begins at Schutt Road just outside the campground gate. From there it goes north to Route 23, climbing over Stoppel Point, Blackhead and Windham High Peak along the way. All but the southernmost are also part of the Long Path long-distance trail, which itself traverses Kaaterskill High Peak and descends Kaaterskill Clove to near Palenville and then reascends to join the Escarpment Trail. Backpackers starting near Woodstock can use the trail up that mountain to hike the entire Escarpment, connecting to the Long Path between Indian Head and Plattekill mountains.
Other trails climb the ridge, all from the west with the exception of the Dutcher Notch Trail. They mainly provide access to the Escarpment Trail, except for the old trails around the Mountain House property at North-South Lake which provide short connections and loop trips between the campground and various sections of the Escarpment Trail. The most popular trail in the entire Catskills is the short trail up to Kaaterskill Falls from Route 23A, formerly the southernmost section of the Escarpment Trail until it was closed above the falls for safety reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="20238302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238302" title="Caltagirone Editore">
Caltagirone Editore

Caltagirone Editore S.p.A. is an Fourth Italian Publishing House, based in Rome, Italy, founded in July 1999 (after the purchase of the newspaper "Il Messaggero" and "Il Mattino") and listed on the Italian Stock Exchange since December 2000. 

</doc>
<doc id="20238310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238310" title="Horë-Vranisht">
Horë-Vranisht

Horë-Vranisht is a municipality in the Vlorë District, Vlorë County, southwestern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Vranisht, Kuç, Bolenë, Kallarat and Tërbaç.
Name.
The village was documented for the first time as Vranisht in 1274, as one of the dominions of the Princedom of Albania.
World War II.
During World War II Vranisht was part of the battlefield of the battle of Gjorm, where Albanian resistance units defeated and routed the troops of the Kingdom of Italy.
Demographics.
According to the Ottoman defter of the 1430s there were sixteen houses at Vranisht at that time. In the 19th century the population had grown to 350 houses and 1600 people living in Vranisht. During the 1990s the population of Vranisht was lowered due to emigration.
During the late middle ages local names of the Albanians of Vranisht have been documented. The most common names documented are: Dedëgjoni, Dedëgjini, Nikhila, Lëmpali, Gjinkolli, Gjelkuca, Gjinstrati, Gjondreu, Gjikëbitri, Gjonezhi and Gjingjoni.

</doc>
<doc id="20238331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238331" title="Brataj">
Brataj

Brataj is a municipality in the Vlorë District, Vlorë County, southwestern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Brataj, Lepenicë, Gjorm, Velçë, Ramicë, Mesaplik, Matogjin, Bashaj, Vërmik and Malas.

</doc>
<doc id="20238347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238347" title="Federation of International Lacrosse">
Federation of International Lacrosse

The Federation of International Lacrosse, shortened to FIL, was established in August 2008 by a merger of both the men's and women's international lacrosse associations. Its headquarters are located in Wilmington, Delaware in United States. The new organization is responsible for the men's World Lacrosse Championship, World Indoor Lacrosse Championship, Women's Lacrosse World Cup, and both men's and women's Under-19 World Lacrosse Championships. These events are held every four years.
The Federation of International Lacrosse held the 2009 Women's Lacrosse World Cup in Prague, Czech Republic.
It held the Men's 2010 World Lacrosse Championship in Manchester, England, from 15 July 2010 to 24 July 2010
The FIL is the only international sport organization to recognize a First Nations/Native American tribe at the national level; the Iroquois Nationals represent the Iroquois Confederacy that spans New York, Ontario, Quebec and Pennsylvania.
Predecessor organizations.
International Lacrosse Federation.
The International Lacrosse Federation was founded in 1974 to promote and develop the game of men's lacrosse throughout the world. As of 2007, the international governing bodies for men's and women's lacrosse were separate, which was one of the obstacles of lacrosse one day becoming an Olympic sport. In August 2008, the ILF and the International Federation of Women's Lacrosse Associations (IFWLA) merged to become the Federation of International Lacrosse (FIL).
The ILF conducted the World Lacrosse Championship, World Indoor Lacrosse Championship and Under-19 Men's World Lacrosse Championship, all of which will be taken over by the new FIL.
International Federation of Women's Lacrosse Associations.
The International Federation of Women's Lacrosse Associations (IFWLA) was formed in 1972 to promote and develop the game of women's lacrosse throughout the world. It wound up its affairs in August 2008 when it agreed to merge with the International Lacrosse Federation (ILF), the former governing body for men's lacrosse, to form the Federation of International Lacrosse (FIL).
At the time of the merger, IFWLA was attempting to increase interest in women's lacrosse in South America. Promoting all levels of lacrosse included the IFWLA sponsorship of the World Cup and the Under 19 World Championship Tournaments, sponsorships that will be taken over by the FIL.

</doc>
<doc id="20238352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238352" title="George Washburn">
George Washburn

George Edward Washburn (October 6, 1914 – January 5, 1979), was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the New York Yankees. He batted left and threw right-handed. Washburn had a 0–1 record, with a 13.50 ERA, in one game, in his one-year career. 
He was born in Solon, Maine, and died in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="20238376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238376" title="Kotë">
Kotë

Kotë is a municipality in the Vlorë District, Vlorë County, southwestern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Kotë, Gumeicë, Hysoverdhë, Lapardha, Mavrovë, Mazhar, Vajzë, Vodicë, Shkallë Mavrovë and Drashovicë.

</doc>
<doc id="20238389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238389" title="Fair Game (story)">
Fair Game (story)

"Fair Game" is a science fiction short story written by Philip K. Dick in 1953 and first published in 1959 in "If Magazine". The story was re-published in the third collected volume of Dick's short stories, "The Father-thing" in 1987.
Plot.
"Fair Game" centers on a man who believes he is being watched by something "god-like". Ultimately, the reader learns that the man is nothing more than game for malevolent creatures using Earth as a hunting ground.

</doc>
<doc id="20238394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238394" title="Alfred Darbyshire">
Alfred Darbyshire

Alfred Darbyshire (20 June 1839 – 5 July 1908) was an English architect.
Education and career.
Alfred Darbyshire was born in Salford, Lancashire, to William Darbyshire, the manager of a dyeworks, and his wife Mary née Bancroft. He was a nephew of George Bradshaw, the compiler of railway guides. He went to a succession of Quaker schools and was then articled to the architects' firm of Lane and Alley in Manchester. In 1862 he established his own architectural practice. Frederick Bennett Smith joined him as a partner from about 1885 to 1905. Darbyshire died in Manchester in 1908 and was buried at Flixton Church.
Works.
Darbyshire admired the Gothic Revival style of Alfred Waterhouse but also designed in the neoclassical style. He is best known for his theatrical architecture. He designed Manchester's Gaiety Theatre and a theatre at Rawtenstall, and carried out alterations at Manchester's Theatre Royal and the Prince's theatres. In London he altered and decorated the Lyceum Theatre. Concerned by the danger of fire in theatres, he worked with the actor Henry Irving to develop the Irving-Darbyshire safety plan which consisted of isolating separate parts of the theatre and providing fireproof escape routes. He first implemented this plan when he rebuilt the theatre in Exeter which had been destroyed by a fire in 1887. His last major theatre was the Palace of Varieties in Manchester.
Other buildings designed by Darbyshire include Alston Hall in Lancashire, the Carnegie Library in Knutsford and the churches of St Cyprian and St Ignatius in Salford. He made designs for temporary exhibitions, including a military bazaar in Manchester in 1884, a Shakespearean show in the Royal Albert Hall the same year and in the Royal Jubilee Exhibition in Manchester in 1887.
Theatre.
In 1869 Charles Calvert, actor-manager of the Prince's Theatre, Manchester, employed Alfred to redecorate the theatre. They became good friends and Alfred assisted Calvert with the staging of some of his great 'revivals' of Shakespeare's plays.
In 1872 he built a spectacular set for the triumphal entry of the King into London in Henry V. He reproduced the streets of London, the seaport of Southampton, the walled town of Harfleur, the battle field of Agincourt, the palaces of Westminster and Rouen, and the cathedral of Troyes. It contained between two and three hundred persons.
The production was carried through the United States and into Australia. In New York more than 100,000 people visited Booth's Theatre to see the play.
Writing.
Alfred was an art critic for the Manchester Guardian, and from 1874 to 1905 he was an art critic for the Courier. He wrote a number of books on architecture, heraldry and art - including "A Booke of Olde Manchester and Salford" containing about 70 illustrations of ancient buildings, which he compiled for the Jubilee celebrations of 1887. He published a volume "The Art of the Victorian Stage," and innumerable pamphlets and brochures for such occasions as the Old Manchester and Salford Exhibition. He also wrote an autobiography.
Personal life.
In 1870 he married Sarah Marshall with whom he had a son and three daughters. Darbyshire was an amateur actor and a friend of many actors, in particular Charles Calvert and Henry Irving. He continued to be a member of the Society of Friends. He became a fellow of the Institute of British Architects in 1870 and was its vice-president from 1902 to 1905. He was president of the Manchester Society of Architects from 1901 to 1903. He collected books on heraldry and these are now in the John Rylands Library, Manchester.
Alfred lectured to many societies. He was a member of the Manchester Academy of Fine Arts (1867,) Manchester Arts Club (1870,) the Brasenose Club and a council member for the Lancashire and Cheshire Antiquarian Society.
Bibliography.
Susan W Thomson, "Manchester's Victorian Art Scene And Its Unrecognised Artists", Manchester Art Press,Warrington, 2007. ISBN 978-0-9554619-0-3. Chapter 10, Alfred Darbyshire 1839-1908 - Architect, Theatrical Designer and Landscape Painter, p.p 110-119.

</doc>
<doc id="20238404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238404" title="Sevaster">
Sevaster

Sevaster is a municipality in the Vlorë District, Vlorë County, southwestern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Sevaster, Golimbas, Dushkarak, Shkozë, Mazhar, Ploçë, Lezhan and Amonicë.

</doc>
<doc id="20238430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238430" title="Steve Peek">
Steve Peek

Stephen George Peek (July 30, 1914 to September 20, 1991), was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the New York Yankees. He batted left and right and threw right-handed. Peek had a 4-2 record, with a 5.06 ERA, in 17 games, in his one year career. 
Peek served in the military during World War II.
He was born in Springfield, Massachusetts and died in Syracuse, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20238437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238437" title="Maksim Kulyomin">
Maksim Kulyomin

Maksim Aleksandrovich Kulyomin (, born May 25, 1989) is a Russian footballer. He last played in the Russian Second Division for FC Yakutiya Yakutsk. He made his debut in the Russian Premier League for Luch-Energiya on November 16, 2008 in a game against FC Spartak Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="20238444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238444" title="Vllahinë">
Vllahinë

Vllahinë is a municipality in the Vlorë District, Vlorë County, southwestern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Vllahinë, Kocul, Mërtiraj, Rexhepaj, Hadëraj, Mallkeq, Gërnec, Petë, Kropisht, Vezhdanisht, Peshkëpi and Penkovë.

</doc>
<doc id="20238461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238461" title="Giovanni Testori">
Giovanni Testori

Giovanni Testori (Novate Milanese 12 May 1923 – Milan 16 March 1993) was an Italian writer, playwright, art historian and literary critic. His literary works are characterised by linguistic experimentalism, featuring both lexicon and syntax that mix and fuse elements of the Lombard dialect with French and English. Religion is present in his oeuvre as a tragic tension to transcendence, marked by doubt, blasphemy and repentance.

</doc>
<doc id="20238479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238479" title="The Battle at Apache Pass">
The Battle at Apache Pass

The Battle at Apache Pass is a 1952 Universal-International western film starring John Lund as United States Army Major Colton, and Jeff Chandler repeating the role of Apache chief Cochise, whom he played two years earlier in 20th Century Fox's "Broken Arrow".
The film was rated as the No. 1 moneymaker in "Variety" magazine's list of box-office pictures, when it came out in April 1952. The film is a fictionalized account combining the events of "The Bascom Affair" of 1861 and the "Battle of Apache Pass" of 1862, the first time that the Indians meet modern (for the age) artillery, in the Confederate Territory of Arizona.
Plot.
In 1862, as the Civil War rages in the Southeastern states, the Southwest is far away from the battle lines, but in New Mexico Territory, good relations between Fort Buchanan's commanding officer, Major Colton (John Lund) and the Chiricahua Apache chief Cochise (Jeff Chandler) are threatened by the arrival of venal government agent Baylor (Bruce Cowling) and his equally dishonest scout Mescal Jack (Jack Elam). In breach of existing treaties, Baylor plans to resettle the Apaches to the San Carlos Reservation and when Geronimo (Jay Silverheels), the chief of the rival Mogollon Apaches attacks the Tucson stagecoach and kills women and children, Baylor threatens to also transport the Chiricahuas to San Carlos. When confronted by Colton and Baylor, Cochise calls a council of Apache elders and they vote to banish Geronimo, who must also give up one of his stagecoach captives, schoolteacher Mary (Beverly Tyler). After assuring his pregnant wife Nona (Susan Cabot) that his interest in the attractive young schoolteacher is not romantic, Cochise brings Mary to Fort Buchanan and entrusts her to Major Colton, counseling him that she would be a fine wife. At the same time, Baylor and Jack plot with Geronimo to frame Cochise for Geronimo's attack on a ranch. During Colton's inquiry into the attack, his subordinate, Lieutenant Bascom (John Hudson), is promised a promotion by Baylor for rescuing the boy who was kidnapped during the attack. Cochise tells Bascom that it was Geronimo who committed the attack, but Bascom accuses him of lying and takes Nona hostage, while executing by hanging three braves, including Cochise's brother, Little Elk (Tommy Cook). As Cochise mourns and then prepares to retaliate against Bascom's position, Mescal Jack goes to him in the pretense of warning him about an Army attack, but Cochise calls him a liar and puts him to death. Colton's trusted Sergeant Bernard (Richard Egan) informs him of the situation, causing Colton to shut down Fort Buchanan and prepare to transfer everyone, including Mary and Baylor, to Fort Sheridan, a more secure redoubt, some distance away. From the hills along the trail, Cochise watches the procession, as does Geronimo and, as shooting begins, the wounded Baylor goes towards the Indians' positions, shouting that he is their friend, but Geronimo kills him. Colton and Sergeant Bernard use the expedition's cannon to rout the warriors, as Cochise finds Nona, who has been hurt, and takes her to the wagons so that Army doctor Carter (Regis Toomey) can treat her. Geronimo calls Cochise a weak leader, but in a one-to-one battle, Cochise wins and, instead of killing Geronimo, banishes him. Nona's son is born and Nona gives her friend Mary a precious Apache bracelet. Colton and Mary look at each other with affection and Cochise tells them that time has come for peace, as he rides away with Nona.
Evaluation in film guides.
"Leonard Maltin's Movie Guide" gives "The Battle at Apache Pass" 2½ stars (out of 4) indicating that "Chandler reprises his "BROKEN ARROW" role as Cochise". "The Motion Picture Guide" assigns it 2 stars (out of 5), describing it as "ot the greatest western ever made, but interesting for its portrayal of Indians as rational human beings able to cooperate with the white man".

</doc>
<doc id="20238506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238506" title="Eddie Quick">
Eddie Quick

Edwin S. Quick (December 1881 - June 19, 1913) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in 1903 with the New York Highlanders. He threw right-handed.
Quick started his professional baseball career in 1902 in the Pacific Northwest League. Late in the following season, he made one appearance for the Highlanders; he pitched two innings and gave up five runs. In January 1904, he was traded to Toledo. He went 18-18 for the Western League's Omaha Rourkes in 1905. Quick finished his career pitching in the Pacific Coast League in 1907 and 1908.
Quick was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He died in Rocky Ford, Colorado in 1913, of pneumonia.

</doc>
<doc id="20238508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238508" title="Armen, Albania">
Armen, Albania

Armen is a municipality in the Vlorë District, Vlorë County, southwestern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Armen, Karbunarë, Rromës, Treblovë, Lubonjë, Picar and Mesarak.

</doc>
<doc id="20238543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238543" title="Aleksandr Zotov">
Aleksandr Zotov

Aleksandr Vladimirovich Zotov (, born August 27, 1990 in Askiz, Russia) is an association football player currently playing for FC Shinnik Yaroslavl on loan from FC Spartak Moscow.
Zotov made his debut for Spartak in the Russian Premier League on November 16, 2008 in a game against FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok. In November and December 2008, he participated in UEFA Cup games against Dinamo Zagreb, N.E.C., and Tottenham Hotspur. His second league appearance, however, came only on July 21, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20238562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238562" title="Images Festival">
Images Festival

The Images Festival is a yearly event devoted to independent and experimental film, video art, new media and media installation that takes place each spring in Toronto. It was founded in 1987, originally conceived as an alternative to the Toronto Film Festival. Since 2005, Images has also presented international tours of Canadian media artists.
Images Festival has premiered work such as Matthew Barney's "Cremaster", Clive Holden's "Trains of Winnipeg", G. B. Jones's "The Lollipop Generation", Zacharias Kunuk's "Nunaqpa" and Barbara Sternberg's "Like a Dream that Vanishes". Andrew Norman Wilson's Sidewalk Stories As well, retrospectives of filmmakers such as Harun Farocki, Richard Fung, Nelson Henricks and Louise Bourqe have also been featured.

</doc>
<doc id="20238568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238568" title="Joan Phipson">
Joan Phipson

Joan Margaret Phipson AM (1912-2003) was an award-winning Australian children's writer. She lived on a farm in the Central Tablelands of New South Wales and many of her books evoke the stress and satisfaction of living in the Australian countryside, floods, bushfires, drought and all. Two of her novels, "Good Luck to the Rider" and "The Family Conspiracy", won the Australian Children's Book of the Year Award.
Biography.
Joan Phipson was born in Warrawee, New South Wales, on 16 November 1912, to English parents. She spent much of her childhood travelling between Australia, England and India. She attended the Frensham School, where she later worked as a librarian and printer, setting up Frensham Press. She studied journalism and worked for Reuters in London before the war. From 1941 to 1944 she served as a telegraphist in the Women's Auxiliary Australian Air Force.
She married Colin Fitzhardinge in 1944 and they settled in the NSW countryside. Her first children's book, about a girl on an Australian ranch who adopts an orphaned colt, was published in 1953, and she continued to write into the 1990s. She died on April 2, 2003, aged 90, survived by her children, Guy and Anna.
Awards.
"Good Luck to the Rider" was named Australian Children's Book of the Year in 1953. "The Family Conspiracy" won the award in 1963, and also won the New York Herald Tribune Children's Spring Book Festival Award in 1964. "The Watcher in the Garden" received an International Board on Books for Young People (IBBY) Honour Diploma. "Hit and Run" was chosen as a White Ravens Selection of the International Youth Library in Munich and was also chosen for the American Library Association Notable Books list for children and for the ALA Best Books list for young adults. In 1987 Joan Phipson was awarded the Dromkeen Medal for advancing children's literature in Australia, and in 1994 became a member of the Order of Australia.
Literary significance.
At a time when Australian literature was dominated by English and American books, Joan Phipson provided an authentic Australian voice. Her early books concerned family life in the country, animals, riding and sailing. Her first book with an urban setting was "Peter and Butch". Later, in the 1970s and '80s, she handled a variety of challenging subjects such as the brutal racket in rare bird smuggling ("Fly into Danger"), urban breakdown ("Keep Calm"), nuclear warfare ("Dinko") and teenage alienation ("The Watcher in the Garden").
Maurice Saxby, the children's literature expert, wrote: "More than any other writers, Eleanor Spence and Joan Phipson have perhaps helped guide the direction of Australian children's literature in the past 30 years. They have both expressed in their novels of family life not only social changes but the concerns and preoccupations of a growingly complex Australian society."
Most of her books were published in the UK and the US as well as Australia, and her work was translated into French, German, Swedish and Hungarian.

</doc>
<doc id="20238623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238623" title="List of software products">
List of software products

This is a list of software by genre, operating system, and type of licensing.
Mathematics.
Numerical analysis.
MATLAB
Statistical analysis.
MATLAB- statistics toolbox

</doc>
<doc id="20238638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238638" title="Shushicë, Vlorë">
Shushicë, Vlorë

Shushicë is a municipality in the Vlorë District, Vlorë County, southwestern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Shushicë, Bunavi, Beshisht, Grabian, Drithas, Mekat, Llakatund, Çeprat and Risili.

</doc>
<doc id="20238648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238648" title="Novoselë">
Novoselë

Novoselë is a municipality in the Vlorë District, Vlorë County, southwestern Albania.
Villages.
The municipality consists of the villages Novoselë, Aliban, Bishan, Mifol, Poro, Dëllënjë, Delisuf, Trevllazër, Cerkovinë, Skrofotinë, Fitore and Akërni.

</doc>
<doc id="20238656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238656" title="Totality (album)">
Totality (album)

Totality is the sixth album by American progressive rock band The Flyin' Ryan Brothers, released on June 13, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20238658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238658" title="Duffy's Rocks">
Duffy's Rocks

"Duffy's Rocks" is a young adult novel by the American writer Edward Fenton (1917–1995) set in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania during the Great Depression.
It tells the story of fourteen-year-old Timothy Francis Brennan as he comes of age in the fictional mill town of Duffy's Rocks, adjacent to Pittsburgh, and a parallel of McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania. Brennan lives with his grandmother, a feisty Irish immigrant, as he searches for his missing father.

</doc>
<doc id="20238673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238673" title="WAIK">
WAIK

WAIK (1590 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Galesburg, Illinois, USA. The station, established in 1957, is currently owned by Prairie Radio Communications. WAIK broadcasts Chicago White Sox Baseball, Chicago Bears Football, and features programing from ABC Radio and Sporting News Radio.

</doc>
<doc id="20238728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238728" title="Upwardly Mobile">
Upwardly Mobile

Upwardly Mobile was an Irish television sitcom that was made and broadcast by RTÉ. Three series, including three Christmas specials, were originally broadcast on RTÉ One between 8 September 1995 and 26 December 1997.
The programme starred Joe Savino and Catherine Byrne as northside couple Eddie and Molly Keogh, who win the Lotto and move to the exclusive Belvedere Downs estate on the southside of Dublin. Backed by a strong supporting cast, the series chronicles their highs and lows in life, in particular the contrast with their upper-class neighbours.

</doc>
<doc id="20238750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238750" title="Guidotti–Greenspan rule">
Guidotti–Greenspan rule

The Guidotti–Greenspan rule states that a country's reserves should equal short-term external debt (one-year or less maturity), implying a ratio of reserves-to-short term debt of 1. The rationale is that countries should have enough reserves to resist a massive withdrawal of short term foreign capital.
The rule is named after Pablo Guidotti – Argentine former deputy minister of finance – and Alan Greenspan – former chairman of the Federal Reserve Board of the United States. Guidotti first stated the rule in a G-33 seminar in 1999, while Greenspan widely publicized it in a speech at the World Bank. In subsequent research Guzman Calafell and Padilla del Bosque found that the ratio of reserves to external debt is a relevant predictor of an external crisis.

</doc>
<doc id="20238754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238754" title="Chips Kiesbye">
Chips Kiesbye

Chips Kiesbye is the guitarist and vocalist for the Swedish rock band Sator formed in the late 1980s in Borlänge. Kiesbye is also successful music producer and have worked with several of Swedens most successful rock bands and artists such as The Hellacopters, Millencolin, Thåström, Sahara Hotnights, Wilmer X and many others.
Selected discography.
With Sator
Production and studio work

</doc>
<doc id="20238758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238758" title="WAKO-FM">
WAKO-FM

WAKO (910 AM and 103.1 FM) is a radio station simulcasting an Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Lawrenceville, Illinois, USA. The station is currently owned by Lawrenceville Broadcasting Co. and features programing from NBC News Radio and United Stations.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20238768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238768" title="Qendër, Vlorë">
Qendër, Vlorë

Qendër is a municipality in the Vlorë District, Vlorë County, southwestern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Bestrovë, Babicë e Madhe, Babicë e Vogël, Hoshtimë, Kaninë, Kërkovë, Nartë, Sherishtë, Panaja, Xhyherinë, Zvërnec and Sazan Island.

</doc>
<doc id="20238782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238782" title="WAJK">
WAJK

WAJK (99.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Hot Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to La Salle, Illinois, USA, the station serves the LaSalle-Peru area. The station is currently owned by La Salle County Broadcasting Corp. and features "Today's BEST music." Also, featuring Jon Shap, from 5 to 9am; Clare Bennett, from 10:30 to 3pm; and JC Phillips, from 3p to 7pm weekdays. Also, the syndicated program "The Billy Bush Show" weeknights at 7pm. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20238793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238793" title="West Pomeranian Regional Assembly">
West Pomeranian Regional Assembly

The West Pomeranian Regional Assembly () is the regional legislature of the voivodeship of West Pomeranian, Poland. It is a unicameral body consists of thirty councillors elected in free elections for a 4-year term. The current chairperson of the assembly is Olgierd Geblewicz.
The Regional Assembly meets in Szczecin.
Districts.
Members of the Assembly are elected from five districts, serve four-year terms. Districts does not have the constituencies formal names. Instead, each constituency has a number and territorial description.

</doc>
<doc id="20238829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238829" title="Salta, Cumbria">
Salta, Cumbria

Salta is a hamlet in northern Cumbria, United Kingdom. It is located approximately 1.5 km (about 1 mile) from the village of Mawbray.
The majority of the 15 or so houses are modern builds, but at least one property is known to date from the 16th century. Salta is a very small settlement, home to approximately 30 people. Allerdale Borough Council provides refuse collection, streetlighting, and other modern amenities. Modern Salta is a predominantly Christian community, though the local Church is located at Holme St. Cuthbert, several miles away.
Salta is located in a designated Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, and Salta Moss is also a Site of Special Scientific Interest, both for its natural and historical significance. On the Moss, a Bronze Age rapier sword was discovered in the 1980s, proving that the area was settled by ancient Britons millennia ago. The rapier currently resides in the Tullie House Museum in Carlisle, and archaeologists date it as possibly being crafted as early as 1100 BC.
Salta in the present day is home to one functioning small farm, with others being located in Mawbray and Allonby, and is surrounded by farmland belonging to these local farmers. The area of scrubland known as the Moss is common ground, but has a track to provide the farmers with access to outlying fields. Salta is a dead-end road, though a public bridleway provides access over the fields to Mawbray.

</doc>
<doc id="20238858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238858" title="Alice Tuan">
Alice Tuan

Alice Tuan is a U.S. playwright, teacher and performer. Her first works were of an Asian American nature, attempting to make sense of being raised with eastern values while schooled in U.S. thought. The plays following, whether experimental or traditionally non-ethnic, have always attempted to juxtapose and commingle contradiction, and also articulate a female sensibility at the core of the work.
Awards.
In the year 2000, Los Angeles’ Mark Taper Forum honored her with the Richard E. Sherwood Award in June, while New York’s Downtown Arts Project awarded her the Colbert Award for Excellence that fall. She was also given a New Voices Playwriting Award from East West Players and awarded a slot at Seattle’s ACT/Hedgebrook Playwriting Festival that year as well.
Two years prior, Tuan was endowed with the NEA/TCG Residency Program for Playwrights through Los Angeles’ East West Players (1998–2000) while also given a Playwright in Residence grant through the Los Angeles Cultural Affairs/California Arts Council at the Los Angeles Theatre Center (1998–1999).
Upon graduating from Brown University with an MFA in Creative Writing in 1997 (having been endowed with the Binecke Playwright Fellowship from 1995–1997), Tuan was the winner of the Perishable Theater 5th Annual Woman’s Playwriting Festival. She was also awarded the Drama-Logue Award for Best Play that year for scribing "Ikebana", a play telling the relations of a 3-generation Chinese family, each scene having been written based on a Japanese flower arrangement.
Plays.
Tuan has had over a dozen works produced, including "Last of the Suns", "Ajax (por nobody)", "Coastline", "The Roaring Girle", and "BATCH", one-act plays "Some Asians" and "Manilova," 9 short plays and a self-scribed hypertext performance as part of En Garde Arts’ final production, the site specific "Secret History of the Lower East Side". 
The best known of these plays, "Ajax (por nobody)", had a year run at New York’s Flea Theater and traveled to the Melbourne Fringe Festival in September 2001. It is also archived in the Billy Rose Collection of the New York Public Library at Lincoln Center. Thomas E. Jenkins notes ‘Tuan’s Ajax is less a direct adaptation of a Greek tragedy than an exploration of what “tragedy” means in the context of American theatre, and even American social context. Tuan’s clever use of classical allusions and stage techniques, however, roots the play in the most ancient of performance traditions even as it pushes the boundaries of contemporary sensibilities concerning sex and sexuality.’
"Last of the Suns", her first play, tells of a Chinese Nationalist army general shriveling away under the harsh California sun as his failed and defecting ice-skating granddaughter comes to visit him on his 100th birthday. It premiered at Berkeley Repertory Theatre and was later produced by New York's Ma-Yi Theater Company. Matthew Murray begins his review ‘The world of Alice Tuan's "Last of the Suns" is one that, as in many great plays, exists somewhere between the real and the fantastic. Real people seem fictional, imaginary creatures are among the most human characters, and absolutely nothing is as it seems at first glance.’
More recent works include the Virtual Hypertext Play "Coastline", which traveled to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival in August 2005, and "BATCH: An American Bachelor/ette Party Spectacle", which was commissioned by the Actors Theatre of Louisville and had its world premiere at the Humana Festival of New American Plays in March 2007. In writing about "BATCH" in The Feminist Spectator, Jill Dolan states: "Alice Tuan’s plays stretch the proprieties of American morality. She stares in the face of all our taboos and preconceptions, and insists that we take a very close look along with her, staging a gaze so intense that everything we thought we knew begins to melt from its heat."
Teaching.
Tuan has facilitated playwright workshops at all levels throughout the United States, including MFA candidates at both the Michener Center for Writers at the University of Texas, Austin, and the California Institute of the Arts. Before becoming a playwright, Tuan taught English as a Second Language (ESL) in China and Los Angeles.
She is currently theater faculty at Cal Arts.
References.
Thomas E. Jenkins, X-Rated Sophocles: Sex and Text in Alice Tuan’s Ajax (Por Nobody) 
"Last of the Suns" Review
Jill Dolan Review of "BATCH"
Colbert Award for Excellence

</doc>
<doc id="20238864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238864" title="Aunt Fanny's Tour of Booty">
Aunt Fanny's Tour of Booty

"Aunt Fanny's Tour of Booty" is a computer animated short comedy film produced by Blue Sky Studios. The film is included in the computer animated film" Robots" DVD as a bonus feature.
Plot.
Aunt Fanny gives a tour of the Robot City Train Station to motley collection of robots, including Fender, Zinc, Tammy, Hacky and an Old Lady-Bot.

</doc>
<doc id="20238865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238865" title="Studien zu Fundmünzen der Antike">
Studien zu Fundmünzen der Antike

"Studien zu Fundmünzen der Antike" (SFMA) is a monograph series devoted to the analysis of ancient coin finds from archaeological context. Monographs or individual contributions to monographs are published in English, French, Italian, or German. The series began with its first volume in 1979. From 1979 to 2000 Gebr. Mann Verlag in Berlin printed the series. Since 2000 all SFMA volumes are printed by Philipp von Zabern Verlag in Mainz. The current series editors are Hans-Markus von Kaenel and Maria R.-Alföldi of the Johann Wolfgang Goethe University Frankfurt am Main. The monograph series is produced under the auspices of the Fundmünzen der Antike project of the Akademie der Wissenschaften und der Literatur in Mainz. The project is also responsible for another monograph series, Fundmünzen der römischen Zeit in Deutschland (FMRD), which catalogs coin finds from excavations, surveys, coin hoards, and local collections in the area of modern Germany.
List of SFMA volumes.
Maria R.-Alföldi (ed.), Ergebnisse des FMRD-Colloquiums vom 8.-13. Februar 1976 in Frankfurt am Main und Bad Homburg v.d.H. SFMA 1 (Berlin, 1979)
M.R.-Alföldi (ed.), Aufsätze. SFMA 2 (Berlin, 1984)
M.R.-Alföldi (ed.), Aufsätze. SFMA 3 (Berlin, 1985)
Patrick M. Bruun, Die spätrömische Münze als Gegenstand der Thesaurierung. SFMA 4 (Berlin, 1987)
M.R.-Alföldi (ed.), Schatzfunde römischer Münzen im Gallisch-Germanischen Raum. SFMA 5 (Berlin, 1988)
Raymond Weiller, Der Schatzfund von Goeblingen-"Miécher" (1983) – Antoniniane und Nachahmungen des späten 3. Jhs. SFMA 6 (Berlin 1988)
Markus Peter, Eine Werkstätte zur Herstellung von subaeraten Denaren in Augusta Raurica. SFMA 7 (Berlin, 1990)
David G. Wigg, Münzumlauf in Nordgallien um die Mitte des 4. Jahrhunderts n.Chr. – Numismatische Zeugnisse für die Usurpation des Magnentius und die damit verbundenen Germaneneinfälle. SFMA 8 (Berlin, 1991)
Frank Berger, Untersuchungen zu römerzeitlichen Münzfunden in Nordwestdeutschland. SFMA 9 (Berlin, 1992)
Cathy E. King and David G. Wigg (eds.), Coin Finds and Coin Use in the Roman World – The Thirteenth Oxford Symposium of Coinage and Monetary History. SFMA 10 (Berlin, 1996)
Alexsander Bursche, Later Roman-Barbarian Contacts in Central Europe: Numismatic Evidence. SFMA 11 (Berlin, 1996)
Hans-Christoph Noeske, Münzfunde aus Ägzpten I. Die Münzfunde des ägyptischen Pilgerzentrums Abu Mina und die Vergleichsfunde aus den Dioecesen Aegyptus und Oriens. 3 vols. SFMA 12 (Berlin, 2000)
Dirk Backendorf, Römische Münzschätze des zweiten und ersten Jahrhunderts v.Chr. vom italienischen Festland. SFMA 13 (Berlin, 1998)
Maria Elena Bertoldi, Antike Münzfunde aus der Stadt Rom (1870–1902) – Il problema delle provenienze. SFMA 14 (Berlin, 1997)
Raymond Weiller (ed.), Der Schatzfund vom Titelberg (1995) – Antoniniane von Caracalla bis Aurelian. SFMA 15 (Berlin, 1999)
Markus Peter, Untersuchungen zu den Fundmünzen aus Augst und Kaiseraugst. SFMA 17 (1996)
Karlhorst Stribrny et al., Funktionsanalyse barbarisierter, barbarischer Denare mittels numismatischer und metallurgischer Methoden – Zur Erforschung der sarmatisch-gemanischen Kontakte im 3. Jh. n.Chr. Vergleichende metallanalytische Untersuchungen an römischen Denaren aus der 2. Hälfte des 2. Jahrhunderts n.Chr. SFMA 18(Mainz, 2003)
Jeannot Metzler and David Wigg-Wolf (eds.), Die Kelten und Rom – Neue numismatische Forschungen. SFMA 19 (Mainz, 2005)
Colin Haselgrove and David Wigg-Wolf (eds.), Iron Age Coinage and Ritual Practices. SFMA 20 (Mainz, 2005) 
Fleur Kemmers, Coins for a Legion: An Analysis of the Coin Finds from the Augustan Fortress and Flavian "canabae legionis" at Nijmegen. SFMA 21 (Mainz, 2006)
Hans-Christoph Noeske, Münzfunde aus Ägypten II. Die griechisch-römischen Münzfunde aus dem Fayum. SFMA 22 (Mainz, 2006)
Hans-Markus von Kaenel and Fleur Kemmers (eds.), Coins in Context 1: New Perspectives for the Interpretation of Coin Finds. SFMA 23 (Mainz, 2009)

</doc>
<doc id="20238890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238890" title="Implementation research">
Implementation research

Implementation research is the scientific study of methods to promote the uptake of research findings. Often research projects focus on small scale pilot studies or laboratory based experiments, and assume that findings can be generalised to roll out into a practice based domain with few changes. Implementation research explores the challenges that are faced when generalising research findings 'in the real world', for example in the fields of healthcare or school based education. 
Recent technologies in biological research are used as valuable markers for disease detection and also the convention of preventative and curative medicine for future
Prospects. 
References.
http://www.biomedcentral.com/1472-6963/3/22
1. Fareed, M., Afzal, M. Single nucleotide polymorphism in genome-wide association of human population: A tool for broad spectrum service. Egypt J Med Hum Genet 2012 http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ejmhg.2012.08.001.

</doc>
<doc id="20238898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238898" title="Cabalian Volcano">
Cabalian Volcano

Cabalian Volcano is an active volcano located in the province of Southern Leyte (Region VIII) in the Philippines.
Physical Features.
Cabalian is classified by the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (PHIVOLCS) as active with solfataric activity. Radiocarbon dating on a pyroclastic flow deposit from the volcano estimated that the last eruption was in 1820 +/- 30 years.
The stratovolcano has an elevation of with a base diameter of . The predominant rock type is andesite. Beside solfataras, other thermal features present are hot springs located on the east and west flank of the volcano. Mainit Hot Spring in the municipality of Anahawan, Southern Leyte has a temperature of .
Cabalian Lake.
Cabalian Lake is a wide lake that occupies the summit crater of the volcano. The surface elevation of the lake is at .
This lake is often confused with Lake Danao, which is located near Ormoc City in Leyte province.

</doc>
<doc id="20238910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238910" title="WALS">
WALS

WALS (102.1 FM) is an American radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Oglesby, Illinois, USA, the station serves the LaSalle-Peru area. The station is currently owned by Laco Radio and featured programing from Jones Radio Network until February 2007 when Jones programming was dropped in favor of local talent.
History.
The station was assigned the call sign WZLC on February 26, 1993. At first, it simulcast the country music format of co-owned WGLC (Mendota, Illinois). WZLC was put on the air to give WGLC coverage in the southern part of the La Salle/Peru area. On February 1, 1995, the station changed its call sign to the current WALS. and started carrying separate country music programming.

</doc>
<doc id="20238939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238939" title="Congolese Banyarwanda">
Congolese Banyarwanda

The term Banyarwanda refers to Rwandan colonials or nationals who, between the end of World War I and 1960 emigrated to the Democratic Republic of Congo. The term is used to distinguish them from Banyamulenge, Rwandans who emigrated in a wave in the 19th century.
They acquired Congolese citizenship at independence from Belgium on 30 June 1960. The Congolese law on citizenship said that to be Congolese one should be a member of a tribe (ethnic) that was within Congolese boundaries as established at the Berlin Conference in 1885. Congolese Banyarwanda occupied Rutshuru, Masisi, Walikale and Kalehe before 1885. Later they were reaffirmed as citizens in Zaire (now the Democratic Republic of Congo) in 1972 by Mobutu Sese Seko when he needed their support, and subsequently had their citizenship revoked in 1981. This decision was reconfirmed near the end of the Mobutu regime, during 1992's Sovereign National Conference.
One has to understand the ambiguity around the Mobutu regime in regards the Banyarwanda. The word Banyarwanda simply means " people of Rwandan origin". It is important to know that before the Berlin Conference in 1885, which divided Africa among the colonial powers, there were no actual borders between Rwanda and Congo. The Banyarwanda were organized in kingdoms and these kingdoms extended to the eastern Congo in Masisi, Rutshuru, Kalehe, Walikale, Munigi and the town of Goma. One has to understand as well that there were Rwandan, mainly Tutsi refugees who fled the Rwandan Hutu revolution in 1959-1962. These refugees acquired citizenship through the Mobutu decree dated 1972. When the RPF seized power in Rwanda in 1994 many of these refugees returned to Rwanda.
All of the following groups are Banyarwanda that have lived in the Democratic Republic of the Congo:
- Kinyarwanda speaking people who were within Congolese boundaries in 1885 before the Berlin Conference and acquired citizenship at independence
- People of Rwandan origin who immigrated to settle in the Democratic Republic of the Congo between 1885 and 1960 and acquired citizenship at independence
- People of Rwandan origin who came to work in the Democratic Republic of the Congo to work in the mines in Katanga. They retained their Rwandan citizenship
- Rwandan refugees who fled to the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 1959-1962 (Rwanda became independent in 1962). They returned to Rwanda when the RPF took power in Rwanda in 1994
- Rwandan citizens who live in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
- Rwandan Hutu refugees who fled to the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 1994. 

</doc>
<doc id="20238943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238943" title="2007–08 Cyclo-cross Superprestige">
2007–08 Cyclo-cross Superprestige

The 2007–2008 Cyclo-cross Superprestige events and season-long competition takes place between 14 October 2007 and 16 February 2008. Eight events are organised.

</doc>
<doc id="20238959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238959" title="About Us (novel)">
About Us (novel)

About Us is a novel by the American writer Chester Aaron set in 1930s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It tells the story of the Kahns, a Jewish family who run a small general store in the fictional village of Sundown, a coal patch in Butler County, Pennsylvania outside of Pittsburgh. The protagonist is Benny Kahn, age eight when the novel begins, and his coming-of-age is sketched against the backdrop of the events of Great Depression through World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20238960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238960" title="Aditya Jyot Eye Hospital">
Aditya Jyot Eye Hospital

Aditya Jyot Eye Hospital (AJEH) is one of Mumbai's leading eye hospital. It was rated as 'the best eye hospital in Mumbai' by Outlook (magazine), an Indian weekly news magazine in its July 2002 issue.
Positions held by the consultants.
Dr. S. Natarajan, Chairman of AJEH holds a wide variety of posts in various organisations, both within India and internationally currently, such as
Dr. Vandana Jain, Cornea specialist is a

</doc>
<doc id="20238967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238967" title="Every Avenue EP">
Every Avenue EP

Every Avenue is the first release by Every Avenue. It was self released in 2004. This is the only Every Avenue release where none of the songs were added to their first full length, "Shh. Just Go with It". Their style on this album is somewhat different from their newer recordings being a heavier, more "punky" sound.
Tracklist.
All songs were written by Every Avenue.
Band Lineup.
At the time of this recording, the lineup was:

</doc>
<doc id="20238985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238985" title="Gulshan-i Raz">
Gulshan-i Raz

Gulshan-i Raz or Gulshan-e Raz (Persian : گلشن راز) or Rose Garden Of Secrets is a collection of poems written in the 14th century by Sheikh Mahmoud Shabestari. It is considered to be one of the greatest classical Persian works of the Islamic mystical tradition known in the west as Sufism. The poems are mostly based on Irfan, Islam, Sufism and sciences dependent on them.
The book was written about 1311 in rhyming couplets. It was written in response to seventeen queries concerning Sufi metaphysics posed to "the Sufi literati of Tabriz" by Rukh Al Din Amir Husayn Harawi (d. 1318). It was also the main reference used by François Bernier when explaining Sufism to his European friends (in: "Lettre sur le Quietisme des Indes"; 1688). In English the book's title is variously given as "Garden of Secrets," "The Garden of Mystery," "The Mystic Rose Garden," or "The Secret Rose Garden."
This is the opening verse of Gulshan-i Raz :
<br>
In the name of Him who taught the soul to think, <br>
and kindled the heart's lamp with the light of soul

</doc>
<doc id="20238994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238994" title="Alláh-u-Abhá">
Alláh-u-Abhá

Alláh-u-Abhá () is a greeting that Bahá'ís use when they meet each other. "Abhá" is a superlative of the word Bahá', and a form of the Greatest Name. Bahá'ís are asked to repeat the phrase "Alláh-u-Abhá" 95 times per day, as described by Bahá'u'lláh, founder of the Bahá'í Faith in the Kitáb-i-Aqdas, his book of laws.

</doc>
<doc id="20238995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238995" title="Mary of Avesnes">
Mary of Avesnes

Marie of Hainaut (1280–1354) was the daughter of John II, Count of Holland and Philippa of Luxembourg, her brother was William I, Count of Hainaut.
Family.
Her nieces by her brother William were Margaret II, Countess of Hainaut who married Louis IV, Holy Roman Emperor; and Philippa of Hainault, Queen of England, who married Edward III and was the mother of nine surviving children including Edward, the Black, Prince of Wales, father of Richard II, and John of Gaunt, father of Henry IV, and founder of the House of Lancaster.
Life.
In 1310 Mary married Louis I, Duke of Bourbon son of Robert, Count of Clermont and Beatrix of Bourbon. They had eight children,

</doc>
<doc id="20238997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238997" title="Itz">
Itz

The Itz is a river in Germany and a right tributary of the Main.
The Itz begins in Sachsenbrunn (Stelzen), Thuringia and flows southward through Bachfeld and Schalkau. It crosses into Bavaria and feeds the Froschgrundsee reservoir. It continues through Dörfles-Esbach, Coburg, and Großheirath, then is joined by the Rodach north of Itzgrund. It continues southward to Rattelsdorf and Baunach, where it joins the Main.
The Itz flooded Coburg in early 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20238998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20238998" title="WAOX">
WAOX

WAOX (105.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Hot Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Staunton, Illinois, USA. The station is currently owned by Talley Broadcasting Corporation and features programing from ABC Radio .
History.
The station went on the air as WSTN-FM on 1998-08-21. on 1999-04-30, the station changed its call sign to the current WAOX. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20239001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239001" title="Surface piercing propeller">
Surface piercing propeller

The surface piercing or ventilated propeller (image) is a propeller that is designed to intentionally cleave the water and entrain atmospheric air to fill the void, which means that the resulting gas layer surrounding the propeller blade consists of air instead of water vapour. Less energy is thus used, and the surface piercing propeller generally enjoys lower drag than the supercavitating propeller. The surface piercing propeller also has wedge shaped blades, and propellers may be designed that can operate in both supercavitating and surface piercing mode.

</doc>
<doc id="20239006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239006" title="Bitter End">
Bitter End

Bitter End was the second single released off 'Love/Hate' on 8 October 2007 by Manchester band Nine Black Alps.
Song.
The song shows a very different side to Nine Black Alps. The song is driven by an acoustic guitar rather than the loud, distorted guitars that were so frequently used on their debut "Everything Is".
Video.
The video was shot in Wimbledon and shows the band playing the song. There are also clips of teenagers who appear to live in the woods doing different activities throughout the video. The video was also a nominee for "Best telecine in a video" in the UK Music Video Awards which took place in London's West End Odeon.
Track listing.
CD Format
7" Vinyl Part 1
A Side - Bitter End
B Side - Daytime Habit
7" Vinyl Part 2
A Side - Bitter End
B Side - Destination Nowhere

</doc>
<doc id="20239010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239010" title="Al Gettel">
Al Gettel

Allen Jones "Al" "Two Gun" Gettel (September 17, 1917 – April 8, 2005) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played from to with several teams. He batted and threw right-handed. Gettel had a 38–45 record in 184 career games. He was born and died in Norfolk, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="20239017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239017" title="Dries (given name)">
Dries (given name)

Dries is a given name, the short version of Andries (see Andre, Andrew) and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20239031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239031" title="Bukhara Challenger">
Bukhara Challenger

The Bukhara Challenger is a tennis tournament held in Bukhara, Uzbekistan since 2000. The event is part of the "challenger series and is played on outdoor hard courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20239033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239033" title="1994 Canadian Open – Men's Singles">
1994 Canadian Open – Men's Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="20239041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239041" title="WARG">
WARG

WARG (88.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Alternative format. Licensed to Summit, Illinois, USA. The station is currently owned by Community High School District #217 and features programing from AP Radio. It is run by students of Argo Community High School. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20239044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239044" title="Pringle Richards Sharratt">
Pringle Richards Sharratt

Pringle Richards Sharratt is an architectural firm that was formed in 1996 by John Pringle 1951, Penny Richards 1950 and Ian Sharratt 1948. Based in London, the practice has worked on public buildings, art galleries, museums, libraries, archives, university and transport buildings. Before forming PRS, John Pringle and Ian Sharratt were partners at Michael Hopkins and Partners and Penny Richards had her own practice that specialised in museum and gallery projects. 
Other directors are Simon Hart, Malcolm McGregor, and Gordon Abbott.

</doc>
<doc id="20239054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239054" title="1995 Canadian Open – Men's Singles">
1995 Canadian Open – Men's Singles

Andre Agassi was the defending champion and he won in the final 3–6, 6–2, 6–3, against Pete Sampras.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="20239067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239067" title="WSOG">
WSOG

WSOG is an FM broadcasting station on 88.1 MHz at Spring Valley, Illinois. It broadcasts Catholic radio programs, primarily EWTN Radio supplemented with local programs. It is licensed to Spirit Education Association, Inc. and has studios at St. Bede Academy in Peru, Illinois.
__TOC__
Stations.
, WSOG uses 5 additional translators, and has applied for 2 more. The Roman Catholic Diocese of Rockford has also applied for other stations.
In addition, , commercial station 94.3 WPMJ Chillicothe, Illinois was in the process of being sold to CRCI, L.L.C., a company controlled by WSOG project coordinator Allen C. Drake of El Paso, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="20239069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239069" title="1996 Great American Insurance ATP Championships">
1996 Great American Insurance ATP Championships

The 1996 Great American Insurance ATP Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 95th edition of the Cincinnati Masters and was part of the Mercedes Super 9 of the 1996 ATP Tour. It took place at the Lindner Family Tennis Center in Cincinnati, Ohio in the United States from August 5 through August 11, 1996.
The tournament had previously appeared as part of Tier III of the WTA Tour but no event was held from 1989 to 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20239071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239071" title="The Albums">
The Albums

The Albums is a box set of recordings by the Swedish pop group ABBA. It was released on November 11, 2008, through Universal Music. The box set includes nine discs, the first eight are all of the original studio albums the way they were originally released between 1973 and 1981 while the ninth disc features all of the singles that were not released on the band's studio albums along with some of the b-sides. It does not include rarities or extras. The box set has charted in several countries.
Background.
With ABBA's compilation albums re-charting after the release of the movie "Mamma Mia!" and its soundtrack, "The Albums" was released, just three years after the 9 CD/2 DVD set "The Complete Studio Recordings" (in certain territories available without the DVDs). While the latter comprises 133 tracks on its 9 audio discs, including a host of rarities such as recordings in Spanish, French and German as well as studio outtakes, alternate versions and mixes, "The Albums" only features 99 of these on the same number of discs. The iTunes version features a 10th 'disc' or group of tracks, featuring 11 rarities and mixes, similar to the collection featured on the final disc of the "Thank You for the Music" box set.
Track listing.
CD 5 - "The Album" (1977).
"The Girl with the Golden Hair" – 3 scenes from a mini-musical –

</doc>
<doc id="20239080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239080" title="Hattertown, Connecticut">
Hattertown, Connecticut

Hattertown is a village in the town of Newtown, Connecticut, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Hattertown Historic District and includes a smaller local historic district.
History.
Hattertown takes its name from the hat-manufacturing trade around which the village grew in the early 19th century. "Hatting" was a major economic activity in western Connecticut in the 19th century, having started in Danbury in about 1780. Hats were made from felt formed from animal fur. As hat production increased, the manufacturing activity spread from Danbury to surrounding areas where the supply of fur-bearing animals such as muskrat, fox, and beaver had not yet been depleted. 
A small village existed at the site of Hattertown before 1821, when the Taylor and Benedict families arrived there and began hat production. Hattertown was later to become one of the few places in the region where an entire village was directly involved in the hat trade. Hatting in the village was a cottage industry in which hat producers made rough-formed hats for sale to wholesalers in Danbury or "front shops" in New York City where they would be finished.
Hatting continued in Hattertown until at least 1856, but it was in decline by the 1840s as fur processing and hat forming were becoming increasingly mechanized and the local supply of fur-bearing animals was largely depleted.
Historic district.
The Hattertown Historic District is centered on the Hattertown Green, which dates from the late 19th century and is bound by Hattertown Road, Hi Barlow Road, Gregory Lane, and the intersections of Castle Meadow Road and Aunt Park Lane. The historic district is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and includes a local historic district subject to requirements administered by the Hattertown Historic District Commission. Eleven historic residences are contributing properties of the National Register historic district, ranging in age from c.1750 (Levi Taylor House) to c.1850 (52 Aunt Park Lane). There are also several secondary structures from the same time period, such as barns, sheds, and privies that contribute to the architectural significance of the area. A schoolhouse from c.1780, now the Gregory Orchard's District School, was originally on the green (corner of Aunt Park Lane and Hattertown Road) and was moved in 1975 to its present location adjacent to the Morgan House.

</doc>
<doc id="20239089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239089" title="Elena Elbe">
Elena Elbe

Elena Elbe (born 17 December 1980 in Saint Petersburg, Russia) is a French artist.
Elbe arrived in France in 1998, starts law studies and follows courses of painting and photography. In 2004 she definitely settles down in Paris and takes the decision to focus only on art after her first exposition in Moscow. Sigmund Freud's Dreams Museum and the Vladimir Nabokov Museum in Saint Petersburg have hosted several of her exhibitions. Her installations, paintings and photographs are regularly exhibited in Russia, Europe and United States.
In 2007, after her meeting with Maurice Lemaître, she led the project Rediscovery of Russian Futurist Theatre in France which she describes in the Art Revue "Performance" in June 2008 (Samara, Russie).

</doc>
<doc id="20239101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239101" title="Cancajanag">
Cancajanag

Cancajanag is located within the municipal boundary of Dagami in the province of Leyte, on the island of Leyte, Region VIII, of the Philippines.
Physical Features.
Cancajanag is classified by Philippine volcanologists as a potentially active dome complex volcano with an elevation of 900 meters and a base diameter of 4 kilometres.
It has a hot spring, Mainit Spring (Anahawan) with a temperature range of 63.4°C to 63.9°C, 
Adjacent Volcanic Edifices are Alto Peak which is 6.2 cadastral km NNW of Cancajanag, and Lobi which is 6.6 cadastral km SSE of Cancajanag.
Predominant rock type is andesite.

</doc>
<doc id="20239110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239110" title="My Wife Got Married">
My Wife Got Married

My Wife Got Married () is a 2008 South Korean film. Directed by Jeong Yoon-soo and starring Kim Joo-hyuk and Son Ye-jin in the lead roles, the film is adapted from a bestselling novel of the same name by Park Hyun-wook.
Plot.
Deok-hoon meets In-ah, a former work colleague, on the subway; the two turn out to be big soccer fans, and soon begin a passionate relationship. To quell his doubts about In-ah's fidelity, Deok-hoon proposes to her, and they get married. But their honeymoon period doesn't last long, as In-ah declares that she will marry another man.
Release.
"My Wife Got Married" was released in South Korea on October 23, 2008. It topped the box office on its opening weekend, selling 515,464 tickets. As of November 9, 2008, the film had sold a total of 1,818,497 admissions nationwide and ranked 10th among the top grossing domestic films of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20239111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239111" title="Latvia national rugby league team">
Latvia national rugby league team

The Latvia national rugby league team was established in 2008 to represent Latvia at rugby league football, and initially competed in the European Bowl, for fourth-tier developing nations. They beat Estonia in a two-game series and therefore won the inaugural tournament after Ukraine could not gain visas to travel. In 2009 they reached the second place after losing to Ukraine and defeating Estonia. In 2010 they played the European Shield, losing with Russia and Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="20239128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239128" title="List of Lupin III video games">
List of Lupin III video games

This is a list of video games of the Japanese media franchise Lupin III based on the manga written by Monkey Punch beginning in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="20239146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239146" title="Djurgården (disambiguation)">
Djurgården (disambiguation)

Djurgården may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20239151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239151" title="Perdix (disambiguation)">
Perdix (disambiguation)

Perdix is a genus of partridges with representatives in most of temperate Europe and Asia.
Perdix may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20239179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239179" title="Moritz Wiggers">
Moritz Wiggers

Moritz Karl Georg Wiggers (October 17, 1816 - July 30, 1894), German politician, started out as a lawyer and a notary in his home town of Rostock. The Revolution of 1848 prompted him to enter public life as a representative to the Mecklenburg constitutional convention, of which he was also elected president. Once the constitution was adopted in 1849, he was elected to its legislature, again being named president. A court of arbitration in Freienwalde declared the constitution as invalid, and the legislature was dissolved in 1850. Wiggers regarded this action as illegal and called the legislature to meet again, but this was prevented by force. He was also tried for aiding the flight of Gottfried Kinkel from Spandau prison, but was acquitted. Nevertheless, he was caught up by the "Rostock high-treason proceedings." A police agent had infiltrated Wiggers' democratic club, and in 1853, he was tried for conspiracy and imprisoned. On his release in 1857, he remained a private citizen for a decade. In 1867, he was elected as representative from the third Berlin precinct (not being permitted to run in Mecklenburg) to the Reichstag of the North German Confederation. In 1871, he was elected as representative, from Berlin and Mecklenburg, to the German Reichstag. There he served with the German Progressive Party until 1881. After this time, he devoted himself to the construction of a canal between Rostock and Berlin. He was the author of several historical studies, political pamphlets and reports on the progress of the canal. His outstanding traits were his unyielding commitment to his liberal convictions and his peaceable nature.

</doc>
<doc id="20239201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239201" title="John Moreau Grant">
John Moreau Grant

Captain John Moreau Grant CBE (1895–1986) was the first Commanding Officer of in Esquimalt, British Columbia. The Grant Building at Royal Roads University was named in his honour.
Education.
John Moreau Grant was born in 1895 in Halifax, Nova Scotia. His father was the 11th Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia MacCallum Grant. One of his 5 brothers (also 1 sister) was Harold Taylor Wood Grant. He spent two years at school in Heidelberg, Germany. He returned to Halifax in 1909. In January 1911 he joined the Royal Naval College of Canada as one of a class of twenty-one cadets. He entered a strenuous regime conducted by Royal Navy instructors with a heavy emphasis on engineering subjects. He graduated as a midshipman in 1913.
Naval Service.
He joined the cruiser , and sailed for the West Indies for training. In Mexico and Venezuela, he was part of a force sent to protect British interests against revolutionaries. After courses at Halifax, Nova Scotia he joined another cruiser, , which patrolled off the eastern seaboard of the United States where she stopped shipping to search for German nationals of military age, who were removed. Since he spoke German, he was always a member of the boarding party. He was also involved in the escort of troopships to England. He was appointed to , an I-class destroyer. He was constantly at sea, patrolling to the Hook of Holland. He escorted hospital ships to and from France. He employed anti-submarine and minesweeping methods. Asdic, depth charges, and the hydrophones used in the Great War could not be used when a ship was underway, however they were used in action against enemy submarines. He was ordered to the Mediterranean Sea in April 1918. He performed convoy, anti-submarine, and rescue work. He found that social and sports activities ashore were much improved. At Brindisi, Italy, efforts made to seal the Adriatic against movement of enemy submarines were only partially effective, since the sea was too deep to blockade. He served as the Executive Officer of HMS "Beaver". He ferried troops to the Dardanelles when Turkey surrendered. He entered the Sea of Marmara and proceeded to Constantinople. In October 1918 he participated in the bombardment of Durazzo, Albania. From Constantinople they sailed to Odessa, Russia where the German army and the White Russians were attempting to keep some sort of civil order. Welcomed by the Rumanians, they sailed up the Danube where they attempted to keep the Rumanians and Bulgarians apart. In December 1918, he called at Sevastopol, Russia where he saw and visited the Russian Black Sea Fleet, which was largely abandoned and in a poor state of repair. He removed a number of political refugees from Odessa, Russia.
Royal Canadian Naval College HMCS Royal Roads.
After the Royal Naval College of Canada closed in 1931, the practice of sending Canadian naval officers to England for training was found to be expensive and unreliable. In 1940, Rear Admiral Percy W. Nelles, then chief of naval staff, led a group of RNCC alumni who met with Angus Lewis Macdonald, then naval minister to discuss opening a college to train naval officers for the postwar navy and for civilian employment in the merchant marine. The college was to be similar to the Royal Naval College at Dartmouth and to the former RNCC. In 1940, Angus Lewis Macdonald explained to the House of Commons "it will be a proud day for this country, when our Canadian naval effort will be directed by Canadian men, trained in Canada and operating in ships built in this country." 
In November 1940, the Hatley Park and grounds was purchased by the Royal Canadian Navy for $75,000 to house a Naval Training Establishment. Captain Grant was appointed the first commandant of the Royal Canadian Naval College HMCS Royal Roads from 1940 to 1944.
From 13 December 1940-October 1942, HMCS Royal Roads operated as an Officer Training Establishment for short-term probationary RCNVR sub-lieutenants. Royal Roads trained cadets for the executive branch, the engineer branch and the accountant branch of the Royal Canadian Navy. He later served as the Executive Officer of the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston, Ontario. Grant died in 1986.
Honours.
Grant was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire.
The Grant Building which is the main academic building, laboratories, cafeteria, and offices at the Royal Roads Military College (later Royal Roads University) was named for Captain Grant. The building, which is on the Registry of Historic Places of Canada, was recently renovated.
The National Portrait Gallery in Ottawa, Ontario holds a portrait of Captain John Moreau Grant.

</doc>
<doc id="20239210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239210" title="Alice de la Roche">
Alice de la Roche

Alice de la Roche, Lady of Beirut, Regent of Beirut (died 1282) was the wife of John II of Ibelin, Lord of Beirut, in the Kingdom of Jerusalem. She was a daughter of Guy I, Lord of Athens. Alice is sometimes referred to as Alice of Athens. Alice was Regent of Beirut for her daughter Queen Isabella of Cyprus, during the latter's absence in Cyprus.
Family.
Alice was born on an unknown date. She was one of six children of Guy I de la Roche-sur-l'Ongon, Lord of Athens (1205–1263), and his wife, who was the daughter of Hugh of Briel, Lord of Karytaina by an unnamed woman of the noble House of Villehardouin. Her paternal grandfather was Otho I de la Roche-sur-l'Ongon, Lord of Athens. Her father Guy was created Duke of Athens in 1260 by King Louis IX of France.
Alice had two brothers and three younger sisters:
Marriage and issue.
In 1249/1250, Alice married John II of Ibelin, Lord of Beirut, the son of Balian of Ibelin, Lord of Beirut and Eschiva de Montfaucon de Montbéliard. He was the grandson of John of Ibelin, the Old Lord of Beirut and Melisende of Arsuf. In 1260, he led a massive raid alongside the Knights Templars into Galilee. John and the Templars were defeated near Tiberias by the Turcomen. John was taken prisoner and later ransomed.
John and Alice had two daughters:
During her daughter Isabella's absence in Cyprus, from 1274–1277, Alice was Regent of Beirut.
Legacy.
Alice of Athens, Lady of Beirut, Regent of Beirut died in 1282. Her husband John had died in 1264.
Their numerous descendants included Anne de Lusignan, King Charles VIII of France, Anne of France and Mary, Queen of Scots.
In 1308, her nephew Guy II, Duke of Athens died without heirs. Alice's daughter Eschive claimed the dukedom, but lost to Walter V of Brienne, the son of Alice's sister Isabella.

</doc>
<doc id="20239262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239262" title="Denise Dorrance">
Denise Dorrance

Denise Dorrance is an American-born cartoonist and illustrator who publishes under the name of "Dorrance".
Born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, she moved to New York in her early twenties where she worked in the fashion department of "Cosmopolitan" magazine, later moved into photography, and eventually ran Magnum Photos corporate photography division. In 1992 she moved to London and, in spite of herself, began a successful career as a cartoonist and book illustrator.
Her sharply ironic work appears regularly in magazines and newspapers such as "The Spectator", "Red", "The Sunday Times" and others. She currently produces a weekly humorous cartoon for The Mail on Sunday's "You" magazine, and illustrates a weekly syndicated column for News Life Media in Australia.
In 2013 a collection of her cartoons was published by Idlewild, titled "It's All About Mimi". Mimi's is the story of a woman trying to balance life as a shopaholic and a mother - and considering Mimi's desire for minimalism and all things chic, it doesn’t come naturally! 
Dorrance is married to documentary filmmaker Paul Yule, with whom she has one son.

</doc>
<doc id="20239277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239277" title="Ministry of Labour and Social Solidarity">
Ministry of Labour and Social Solidarity

The Ministry of Labour and Social Solidarity (Portuguese: "Ministério do Trabalho e da Solidariedade Social"), MTSS, is a Portuguese government ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="20239285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239285" title="Infanta Adelgundes, Duchess of Guimarães">
Infanta Adelgundes, Duchess of Guimarães

D. Infanta Adelgundes, Duchess of Guimarães (10 November 1858 – 15 April 1946) was the fifth child and fourth daughter of Miguel of Portugal and his wife Adelaide of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg. A member of the House of Braganza by birth, Adelgundes became a member of the House of Bourbon-Parma through her marriage to Prince Henry of Bourbon-Parma, Count of Bardi. She was also the Regent of the Monarchic Representation of Portugal and for that reason was granted the title of Duchess of Guimarães, usually reserved for the Head of the House.
Early life.
"Adelgundes de Jesus Maria Francisca de Assis e de Paula Adelaide Eulália Leopoldina Carlota Micaela Rafaela Gabriela Gonzaga Inês Isabel Avelina Ana Estanislau Sofia Bernardina, Infanta de Portugal, Duquesa de Guimarães", was born in Bronnbach, Wertheim, Germany. Her father died a few days after her eighth birthday, and Aldegundes and her siblings were educadated in a Catholic and conservative environment by their mother. Her maternal uncle, Furst Carl zu Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg, was like a second father to the children.
Marriage.
Adelgundes married Prince Henry of Bourbon-Parma, Count of Bardi, fourth child and youngest son of Charles III, Duke of Parma and his wife Princess Louise Marie Thérèse of France, on 15 October 1876 in Salzburg, Austria–Hungary. Henry, who was twenty five years old, had been previously married to Princess Maria Immacolata of Bourbon-Two Sicilies who had died three months after their marriage at the age of 19 in 1874. Henry had taken part in the Carlist war and fought in the Battle of Lacar. War wounds turned him into an invalid. Adelgundes and Henry's union produced no issue, as her nine pregnancies all ended in miscarriages. The failed pregnancies, the last of which she suffered in 1890, were a source of great grief to the couple. They divided their time between the Castle of Seebenstein in Austria and the Vedndrami-Caligari palace in Venice. Adelgundes spent long years looking after her paralyzed husband. The Count of Bardi was described by relatives as a disagreeable man who tyrannized his sweet petite wife. After almost thirty years of marriage, Adelgundes became a widow in 1905. She was close to her many nephews and nieces, particularly to her niece Grand Duchess Marie-Adélaïde of Luxembourg from the time of her abdication to her early death.
Regent-in-absentia.
Between 1920 and 1928, Adelgundes acted as the regent-in-absentia on behalf of her nephew and Miguelist claimant to the Portuguese throne, Duarte Nuno, Duke of Braganza, who was only twelve years old when his father Miguel renounced his claim to the throne in favor of his son. At the beginning of her regency in 1920, Adelgundes was created 7th Duchess of Guimarães. In 1921 she authored a manifesto outlining the House of Braganza's goals for the restoration of the Portuguese monarchy. During her regency, Aldegundes signed an accord with ex-King Manuel II of Portugal, by which he recognized Duarte as his heir. Duarte lived with her at Seebenstein until the German occupation of Austria when the whole family relocated to Bern, Switzerland, where she died in Gunten on 15 April 1946 at age 87.

</doc>
<doc id="20239298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239298" title="Perdix (mythology)">
Perdix (mythology)

Perdix was a nephew and student of Daedalus as well as the grandson of Athena in Greek mythology. (In other sources, Perdix is the parent of Talos, who was nephew and student of Daedalus.)
Mythology.
Daedalus was so proud of his achievements that he could not bear the idea of a rival. His sister, sometimes named as Perdix, had placed her son (variously named Perdix, Talos, or Calos) under his charge to be taught the mechanical arts. He was an apt scholar and showed striking evidence of ingenuity. Walking on the seashore, he picked up the spine of a fish, or a serpent's jaw. Imitating it, he took a piece of iron and notched it on the edge, and thus invented the saw. He put two pieces of iron together, connecting them at one end with a rivet, and sharpening the other ends, and made a pair of compasses. 
Daedalus was so envious of his nephew's accomplishments that he took an opportunity, when they were together one day on the top of a high tower, to push him off. But Athena, who favors ingenuity, saw him falling and arrested his fate by changing him into a bird called after his name, the Perdix (partridge). This bird does not build its nest in the trees, nor take lofty flights, but nestles in the hedges, and mindful of his fall, avoids high places. For this crime, Daedalus was tried and banished. Athena branded him with a partridge so he would never forget his obscene crime.

</doc>
<doc id="20239325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239325" title="The Persistent Image">
The Persistent Image

The Persistent Image is a novel by the American writer Gladys Schmitt (1909–1972) set in a fictional version of 1950s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
A romance, John Reiber and Helen Cameron overcome the obstacles that stand between them: his resentment of her higher class, his inability to forgive her for her former marriage, and his hatred of the divorced husband. Reiber's shame lessens gradually over his own family's lower middle class pretensions, and he confronts reality. 
Novelist Gladys Schmitt, a Pittsburgh native, taught literature and writing at Carnegie Mellon University from 1942 to 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20239337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239337" title="Valée system">
Valée system

The Valée system (French:"Système Valée") was an artillery system developed between 1825 and 1831 by the French artillery officer Sylvain Charles Valée, and officially adopted by the French Army from 1828.
Specifications.
The Valée system consisted in various technical improvements to the Gribeauval system and Napoleon I's Year XI system. The system mainly improved the mobility of the artillery train, and simplified maintenance by standardizing limber usage and wheel size, and reducing the number of carriage types to two. It also allowed for cannoniers to be able to sit on the ammunition chests of the battery itself during transportation, allowing the whole artillery train to move as fast as the infantry or cavalry.
Valée also improved the guns themselves slightly, by making them lighter, and with a longer range.
The complete Valée system consisted in siege guns of 24 and 16 pounds (French pounds), and field guns of 12 and 8 pounds. It also included field howitzers of 24 pounds and 6 inches (Obusier de 15 cm), and a siege howitzer of 8 inches. Mountain artillery pieces were of 12 pound caliber. Mortars were of 12, 10 and 8 inches, with a 15 inches stone mortar.
Deployment.
French artillery would be reorganized along the Valee system in 1827. The "Valée system" would be used at the Capture of Alger (1830) and the Fall of Constantine (1837), as well as during the Crimea War (1853-1856).
An American version of the Valee system was also developed. Some pieces are visible at the Concord Battery, Concord, Massachusetts.
A new generation of weapons would emerge in shell-firing canon obusiers, with the invention of the naval shell-gun by Paixhans in 1823, and the introduction of the canon obusier de 12 in 1853 by the French Army, which would render the Valée system system obsolete.

</doc>
<doc id="20239339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239339" title="2009 Meistriliiga">
2009 Meistriliiga

The 2009 season of the Meistriliiga, the first level in the Estonian football system, was the 19th season in the league's history. It started on 7 March 2009 and ended on 10 November 2009. The defending champions were Levadia.
Changes from the previous season.
TVMK were disbanded after the end of the previous season. Hence Vaprus, who originally were to be directly relegated, faced Esiliiga side Paide LM in a relegation play-off series for one spot in Meistriliiga 2009. With an aggregate 5–5, Paide LM won the promotion play-off against Vaprus on the away goals rule and play their first season in Estonian top division. Tallinna Kalev, who originally were to participate in the relegation series, were spared.
Kuressaare earned promotion to the 2009 Meistriliiga after finishing in second place in the 2008 Esiliiga; champions Levadia II were not eligible to be promoted.
JK Maag Tammeka Tartu changed their name to JK Tammeka Tartu following the retreat of a major sponsor.
League table.
Relegation play-off.
The 9th placed team of Meistriliiga and the runners-up of Esiliiga will compete in a two-legged relegation play-off for one spot in 2010 Meistriliiga.
Paide Linnameeskond wins 2–1 on aggregate and retains their spot in next season's Meistriliiga.
Results.
Each team plays every opponent four times, twice at home and twice on the road, for a total of 36 games.
Top goalscorers.
"Last updated: 10 November 2009; Source: Estonian Football Association Soccernet.ee "

</doc>
<doc id="20239359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239359" title="Weatherhead High School">
Weatherhead High School

Weatherhead High School is a single sex girls' academy school with mixed Sixth Form, located in Merseyside, England. It is a specialist Media Arts College located in the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral. In 2003, the school relocated from three separate sites around the Wallasey area to a new purpose-built site near Mosslands High School. 
The school has over 1500 pupils on roll, ranging from 11-18, including 390 Sixth Formers. The headteacher, Neil Dyment, states that the school "aims to create a very supportive and caring environment where each student can have the self-confidence and belief to realise their ambitions".
The school has held the Sportsmark Award and the Artsmark Gold Award for several years.
In early 2008, the school received an Ofsted inspection and was described as "a good school with outstanding qualities."
Melissa Jane Wild, The author of many short stories and the published fantasy story; The Darkness Within, attended this school.

</doc>
<doc id="20239364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239364" title="Jak oni śpiewają (season 4)">
Jak oni śpiewają (season 4)

The 4th season of Jak oni śpiewają, the Polish edition of Soapstar Superstar, started on September 6, 2008 and ended on December 6, 2008. It was broadcast by Polsat. Joanna Liszowska and Krzysztof Ibisz as the hosts, and the judges were: Edyta Górniak, Elżbieta Zapendowska and Rudi Schuberth.

</doc>
<doc id="20239371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239371" title="Jimmy O'Rourke">
Jimmy O'Rourke

Jimmy O'Rourke (born 18 September 1946) is a Scottish former association football player, who played as a striker for Hibernian, St. Johnstone and Motherwell.
O'Rourke signed for Hibs straight from schools football in 1962. He made his first team debut as a 16 year old later that year in an Inter-Cities Fairs Cup match against Utrecht. This made him the youngest player to play for Hibs in their history, a record that stood until January 2004, when Jamie McCluskey made his first team debut. O'Rourke then became a key player in Eddie Turnbull's side of the early 1970s that reached the 1972 Scottish Cup Final and won the League Cup Final later that year. He also scored two hat-tricks for Hibs in European matches, including one against Sporting CP.
O'Rourke was controversially transferred to St. Johnstone in 1974 to make way for Joe Harper, who had been brought in from Everton at great expense. O'Rourke later played for Motherwell before returning to Easter Road as an assistant coach to Eddie Turnbull.

</doc>
<doc id="20239375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239375" title="G1501 Shanghai Ring Expressway">
G1501 Shanghai Ring Expressway

The Shanghai Ring Expressway (), designated G1501, formerly designated as A30, and also known as the Shanghai Suburb Ring Expressway (), is a that encircles Shanghai, a direct-controlled municipality in the People's Republic of China. It is entirely in Shanghai, except for a small section in the nearby province of Jiangsu at its northwest end.
It forms the final ring in a series of four orbital roads around the city of Shanghai, with the others being the Inner Ring Road, Middle Ring Road, and the S20 Outer Ring Expressway. Part of G1501 Shanghai Ring Expressway in northern Pudong New Area is concurrent with the third ring, the S20 Outer Ring Expressway, due to the nature of the coastline of Shanghai with the East China Sea.
Route.
The kilometre zero of the Shanghai Ring Expressway is located at an interchange with S20 Outer Ring Expressway and Yixian Elevated Road in Baoshan District, and increase in a clockwise fashion. Immediately to the east of the interchange, the expressway descends into the Outer Ring Tunnel, so named because this section is concurrent with S20 Outer Ring Expressway. As the tunnel ends in Pudong New Area, it becomes an elevated highway for a short portion, curving southeast and then south, reaching the Wuzhou Avenue Interchange. Here, the concurrency with S20 Outer Ring Expressway ends, with the Outer Ring Expressway continuing to the south, Wuzhou Avenue to the west, while the Shanghai Ring Expressway continues east.
The expressway curves to the southeast, meeting the G40 Shanghai–Xi'an Expressway at its eastern terminus. The expressway continues southward, interchanging with S1 Yingbin Expressway, S32 Shanghai–Jiaxing–Huzhou Expressway, and S2 Shanghai–Luchaogang Expressway as it traverses Pudong New Area before curving west and entering Fengxian District.
The expressway travels west along the southern suburbs of Shanghai, passing through Fengxian District, where it interchanges with S4 Shanghai–Jinshan Expressway and Jinshan District. At an interchange with S19 Xinnong–Jinshanwei Expressway to the south and S36 Tinglin–Fengjing Expressway to the west, the expressway continues north, passing through Songjiang District, where it intersects with the concurrent G60 Shanghai–Kunming Expressway and G92 Hangzhou Bay Ring Expressway, and Qingpu District, where it interchanges with the G50 Shanghai–Chongqing Expressway. It then leaves the direct-controlled municipality of Shanghai for a short portion, entering the city of Kunshan in Jiangsu province, where it curves to the northeast and intersects with the concurrent G2 Beijing–Shanghai Expressway and G42 Shanghai–Chengdu Expressway at the Anting Interchange.
The expressway turns east, back into the Jiading District of Shanghai, where it intersects with the G15 Shenyang–Haikou Expressway and the S5 Shanghai–Jiading Expressway. Re-entering Baoshan District, the expressway becomes an elevated road, travelling above Fujin Road. At Tongji Road, the expressway curves to the south, paralleling the elevated Line 3 of the Shanghai Metro. This section is also known as Tongji Elevated Road, due to the fact that it runs above Tongji Road. At the southern end of Tongji Elevated Road, the Shanghai Ring Expressway returns to its kilometre zero marker.
The expressway is tolled from just before the interchange with G40 Shanghai–Xi'an Expressway in Pudong New Area, clockwise to just after an exit with , in Baoshan District.

</doc>
<doc id="20239388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239388" title="Psilocybe weraroa">
Psilocybe weraroa

Psilocybe weraroa (syn. "Weraroa novae-zelandiae"), is a hallucinogenic pouch fungus of New Zealand. 
Taxonomy.
The species was first described in the literature in 1924 by the New Zealand-based mycologist Gordon Heriott Cunningham, under the name "Secotium novae-zelandiae". Rolf Singer transferred it to "Weraroa" in 1958.
Phylogenetic analysis by Moncalvo (2002) and Bridge et al. (2008)has demonstrated the close relationship between "Weraroa novae-zelandiae" and the hallucinogenic blue-staining group of "Psilocybe", particularly "Psilocybe subaeruginosa". Phylogenetic analysis published by Borovička and colleagues (2011) shows this species is very close to "Psilocybe cyanescens". Given this and the apparently distant relation with other species of "Weraroa" Borovička et al. (2011) suggest renaming the species Psilocybe weraroa. The specific epithet "weraroa" refers to the former generic name. The binomial "Psilocybe novae-zelandiae" could not be used, as it had already been used in 1978 by Gastón Guzmán and Egon Horak for another "Psilocybe" species.
Description.
"Weraroa virescens" is often mistaken for "P. weraroa" since they are both naturally pale bluish, however, unlike "P. weraroa", "W. virescens" does not stain blue. The sepia color of the gleba also serves to separate "P. weraroa" from similar species in the genus Weraroa.
Habitat and distribution.
"Psilocybe weraroa" is found growing solitary to gregarious on decaying wood buried in forest leaf litter, often on the rotting branches of "Melicytus ramiflorus". It has also been found fruiting on rotted cabbage trees and is often associated with decaying fern fronds, native to the forests of New Zealand, typically South of Wanganui in the North Island. It is fairly abundant in the early winter and spring months in lowland mixed rain-forest near Wellington. The pouch fungus has been found in winter in Central Hawkes Bay where they tend to be found around fallen pine cones - not in pine forests but in areas where pines are interspersed by other kinds of trees. They are also found on the south island. The mushroom is sometimes hard to see because its usually hidden under dried leaves. It is often eaten by slugs and sometimes hard to find specimens that haven't been nibbled on.
Psychoactivity.
"Psilocybe weraroa" is psychoactive. Psilocin and psilocybin are the chemical components considered to be responsible for its effects, as with other blue-staining fungi of the genus "Psilocybe".

</doc>
<doc id="20239410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239410" title="Ministry of Public Works, Transport and Communications">
Ministry of Public Works, Transport and Communications

The Ministry of Public Works, Transport and Communications (Portuguese: "Ministério das Obras Públicas, Transportes e Comunicações"), MOPTC, is a Portuguese government ministry. It has its head office in Lisbon.
The "Gabinete de Prevenção e Investigação de Acidentes com Aeronaves" is a subordinate agency.

</doc>
<doc id="20239420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239420" title="Corregidor Caldera">
Corregidor Caldera

Corregidor is an extinct volcanic caldera located at the entrance to Manila Bay in the Republic of the Philippines. The caldera is composed of the islands of Corregidor and Caballo in the province of Cavite, which are believed to be the exposed rim of the volcano.
Physical Features.
Corregidor is classified by Philippine volcanologists as a potentially-active caldera with a rim elevation of and a base diameter of .
Predominant rock type is dacite with a 72.68% silica dioxide content.
Eruption.
Last eruption was about 1 million years (1.10 +/-0.09 Ma) BP based on the age of deposits.
Listings.
The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (PHIVOLCS) lists the volcano as potentially active. The reason for this listing rather than inactive, is not disclosed on the PHIVOLCS website listing.
Corregidor is not listed with the Smithsonian Institution's Global Volcanism Program as it has no known eruptions in the Holocene epoch (around 10,000 years ago).

</doc>
<doc id="20239423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239423" title="Vs the Greatest of All Time">
Vs the Greatest of All Time

Archers of Loaf vs. The Greatest of All Time (often shortened to "Greatest of all Time" or simply GOAT) is the first EP by North Carolina indie rock band, Archers of Loaf. The EP was recorded shortly after their first album "Icky Mettle", and the styles are very similar.
Tracklist.
"Freezing Point" and "Revenge" are also features on the "The Speed of Cattle" LP.
The song "Greatest of all Time" was not featured on this release but rather their second full length, Vee Vee.

</doc>
<doc id="20239428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239428" title="Grade I listed buildings in East Sussex">
Grade I listed buildings in East Sussex

There are over 9300 Grade I listed buildings in England. This page is a list of these buildings in the county of East Sussex.
References.
English Heritage Images of England

</doc>
<doc id="20239431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239431" title="MoHI">
MoHI


</doc>
<doc id="20239440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239440" title="Svitlana Serbina">
Svitlana Serbina

Svitlana Serbina (born May 2, 1980) is a female diver from Ukraine, who twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics: 1996 and 2000. She claimed the gold medal in the women's 3 m synchronized springboard competition at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships in Perth, Western Australia, alongside Olena Zhupina.

</doc>
<doc id="20239459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239459" title="Juan Fernández Ridge">
Juan Fernández Ridge

The Juan Fernández Ridge is a volcanic island and seamount chain on the Nazca Plate. It runs in a west-east direction from the Juan Fernández hotspot to the Peru-Chile Trench at a latitude of 33° S near Valparaíso. The Juan Fernández Islands are the only seamounts that reach the surface. 

</doc>
<doc id="20239467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239467" title="Barnim VI, Duke of Pomerania">
Barnim VI, Duke of Pomerania

Barnim VI, Duke of Pomerania ( – 22 September 1405 in Pütnitz, near Ribnitz-Damgarten) was duke of Pomerania-Wolgast from 1394 to 1405. He was the son of Wartislaw VI of Pomerania-Wolgast.
Barnim is known for his engagement in piracy. He erected a fort and a port for this purpose in Ahrenshoop, which was destroyed by Rostock in 1395. He allowed the Victual Brothers, a pirate organization assaulting vessels of the Hanseatic League in the Baltic Sea, to use the Peene river as a winter refuge and the Bay of Greifswald as a basis. In 1398, he signed a treaty with the Teutonic Knights not to further support the Victual Brothers (then also "Likedeelers"), but kept on engaging in piracy himself. On one of his expeditions, he was caught by the Hanseatic League in Kopenhagen's port. From 1400-1403, he aided the dukes of Mecklenburg-Werle in their campaigns against Lübeck. Barnim himself was wounded once at Lübeck's gates. 
In 1405, Barnim died of the Black Death. To avoid this fate, he went on a pilgrimage to Kenz near Barth, but died on his way in Pütnitz (a part of today's Ribnitz-Damgarten) on 23 September 1405. He was buried in Kenz, where a large wooden statue resembling Barnim was furnished.

</doc>
<doc id="20239475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239475" title="Dimitrios Kottaras">
Dimitrios Kottaras

Dimitrios Kottaras (; born 11 August 1975) is a Greek football goalkeeper. He currently plays for Glyfada F.C. in the Beta Ethniki.
Career.
Born in Goudi, Kottaras began playing football in the youth side of Trikala F.C.. He joined the professional team in July 1999, and made 18 Alpha Ethniki appearances in his first season. He would appear in another four top flight matches for Egaleo F.C. during a two-year stint with the club.
In the 2009–10 season, Kottaras started playing for Pierikos F.C. but moved in January 2010 to Panserraikos F.C. In July 2010, he signed a two-year contract with Ethnikos Asteras F.C. after achieving the promotion to the Greek Super League with Panserraikos F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="20239484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239484" title="Roger Möen">
Roger Möen

Roger Möen (born 11 April 1966) is a Norwegian retired auto racing driver. He is best known for his two different spells racing in the British Touring Car Championship. He first raced in British Saloons, winning his class in the National Saloon 2000 championship with seven wins in 1996, and finished as runner-up in 1997.
In 1998 he drove in the BTCC for the Michelin Cup for Independents, in a Honda Accord for Mardi Gras Motorsport. He drove in the first fourteen of the twenty-six rounds, finishing fifth in the independents cup and twenty-first overall with one championship point. He returned to the BTCC in 2001, racing a full season in the production class for HTML in a Peugeot 306. He ended the year finishing third in class and became the first ever Production Class entry to win the race overall, in round nineteen at Oulton Park, when the Production Class cars had a one lap head start on the Touring Class. In 2003 he competed in the Swedish Touring Car Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20239497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239497" title="MgO2">
MgO2

MgO2 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20239510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239510" title="Jardin botanique des oiseaux">
Jardin botanique des oiseaux

The Jardin botanique des oiseaux is a botanical garden on the grounds of the Maison Botanique in the "Espace Découverte Nature et Patrimoine", located on Le Bourg, Saint-Barthélemy-de-Bussière, Dordogne, Aquitaine, France. The garden contains plants providing fruits, berries, and seeds that attract a variety of birds. It is open weekday afternoons; admission is free.

</doc>
<doc id="20239529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239529" title="32nd SS Volunteer Grenadier Division 30 Januar">
32nd SS Volunteer Grenadier Division 30 Januar

32nd SS Volunteer Grenadier Division "30 Januar" was formed in January 1945 from what remained of other units and staff and pupils from SS schools and various other troops.
The title of the division comes from the date when Adolf Hitler became the chancellor of Germany on 30 January 1933.
The division fought as part of the V SS Mountain Corps, on the Oder front, just north of Furstenburg and in the Battle of Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="20239553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239553" title="Yakshagana poetry">
Yakshagana poetry

Yakshagana poetry (Kannada:ಯಕ್ಷಗಾನ ಪ್ರಸ೦ಗ, pronounced as "yaksha-gaana prasanga")(Yakshagana Padya or Yakshagana Prasanga) is a collection of Kannada poems used to enact a music dance drama called Yakshagana. The poems are composed in well known Kannada metres using the frame work of Yakshagana Raga and Yakshagana Tala. Yakshagana also has what is called a Yakshagana metre. The collection of Yakshagana poems forming a musical drama is called a Prasanga. Oldest surviving parasanga books are believed to have been composed in 15th century. Many compositions have been lost. There are evidences to show that oral compositions were in use before 15th century.
There are more than 300 Yakshagana Prasanga books available today. Attempts are being made to preserve the texts by digitising them.
The Yakshagana poets.
By far Muddana, Nagire Subba are the most well known Yakshagana poets. Muddana wrote the celebrated Ratnavati Kalyana. 
are his compositions.
are few of the well known Yakshagana poets. There is a confusion regarding time and works of Parthi Subba who is believed to have written Ramayana in Yakshagana. While Muliya Timmapa and Govinda Pai have claimed that Parthi Subba (of Kumble) lived in 19th century and wrote Ramayana prasangas, Dr Shivaram Karanth vehemently rejects their opinion citing procedural lapse in their deduction. Karanth argued in his work 'Yakshagana Bayalata' that Parthi Subba, while was a Yakshagana poet or famous Bhagavatha in the 19th century, the Ramayana prasangas attributed to him are either written by an unknown poet or by a number of poets including Devidasa.

</doc>
<doc id="20239571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239571" title="Alfred Payne (cricketer, born 1831)">
Alfred Payne (cricketer, born 1831)

Alfred Payne (born 7 December 1831 at Leicester; died 25 June 1874 at Westminster) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1852 to 1864. He was the twin brother of Arthur Payne.
Mainly associated with Oxford University and Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), he made 25 known appearances in first-class matches. He played six times for the Gentlemen in the Gentlemen v Players series.
Payne was a left arm fast bowler (LF) who bowled roundarm. He took 111 wickets at 12.19 with a best analysis of 7/42. He took five wickets in an innings 8 times and ten wickets in a match once.

</doc>
<doc id="20239576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239576" title="Janet Ely">
Janet Ely

Janet Ely (born September 12, 1953 in Albuquerque, New Mexico) is a retired female diver from the United States, who twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics: 1972 and 1976. In 1975 she claimed the world title in the Women's 10m Platform competition.
Janet Ely coaches diving at the Mission Viejo Nadadores in Mission Viejo, California.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20239585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239585" title="Dinei (footballer born 1970)">
Dinei (footballer born 1970)

Claudinei Alexandre Pires, or simply Dinei (born September 10, 1971 in São Paulo), was a Brazilian striker, who played for several Brazilian football clubs. 
Playing for Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, he made club history as the only player to win three Brazilian championships - 1990, 1998, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20239623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239623" title="Paul Bent">
Paul Bent

Paul Bent (born 1 May 1965) is a former English cricketer who played first-class and List A cricket for Worcestershire between the mid-1980s and early 1990s.
Bent made his first-class debut against Cambridge University in June 1985, scoring 14 in his only innings.
He was then confined to Second XI appearances for three years, until he was given a short run of games in the first team in July and August 1988. These included 31 and 50 (his maiden first-class half-century) against Yorkshire,
as well as the highest score of his short List A career, 36 in a Refuge Assurance League game against Sussex.
The following summer, 1989, was the best of Bent's Worcestershire career. Although he had only a single (and unsuccessful) one-day outing, he played 13 first-class games and scored 530 runs at an average of just over 24. This was helped by a career-best innings of 144 against Kent at the end of July, in which he shared century partnerships with both Chris Tolley and Graeme Hick.
Bent never again played such a significant part in a season: he played no more List A games, and made only seven first-class appearances in 1990 and eight in his final year of 1991. He hit one more century, scoring exactly 100 not out in an opening partnership of 225 with captain Tim Curtis against Lancashire at Stanley Park in August 1991.
After the end of his Worcestershire career, Bent played minor counties cricket for Herefordshire in 1992, and unlike in his first-class days proved quite effective as a bowler, taking three or four wickets in an innings on a number of occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="20239632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239632" title="HR 8799 b">
HR 8799 b

</math></ref>
HR 8799 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 129 light-years away in the constellation of Pegasus, orbiting the 6th magnitude Lambda Boötis star HR 8799. It has a mass between 4 and 7 Jupiter masses and a radius from 10 to 30% larger than Jupiter's. It orbits at 68 AU from HR 8799 (or 7 AU inside the inner edge of the dust disk orbiting the star) with an unknown eccentricity and a period of 460 years, and is the outermost known planet in the HR 8799 system. Along with two other planets orbiting HR 8799, the planet was discovered on November 13, 2008 by Marois "et al.", using the Keck and Gemini observatories in Hawaii. These planets were discovered using the direct imaging technique.
In 2009 it was discovered that the Hubble Space Telescope had in fact directly imaged HR 8799 b eleven years earlier, in 1998, suggesting that more exoplanets might be revealed through analysis of HST photographic archives. Additional precovery images were also obtained by reanalyzing data taken in 2002 at the Subaru Telescope and in 2005 and 2007 at the W.M Keck Observatory 
Broadband photometry of HR 8799 b shows that it has thicker clouds in its atmosphere than do older, higher surface gravity substellar objects of the same effective temperature.
Near infrared H band and K band spectroscopy of HR8799b published in May 2011 indicate a hydrogen rich, dusty atmosphere with disequilibrium CO / CH4 chemistry.
Near infrared spectroscopy from 995 to 1769 nanometers made with the Palomar Obervatory show evidence of Ammonia and/or Acetylene as well as Carbon Dioxide, but little Methane.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20239633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239633" title="Nicklas Söderblom">
Nicklas Söderblom

Nicklas Söderblom (born 1968 in Sweden) is a personal trainer, actor, and author currently residing in Los Angeles, USA. Söderblom is a personal trainer to many Hollywood stars (Pierce Brosnan,Olivia Newton-John,Rick Springfield,Linda Hamilton, Actress: Terminator 2: Judgment Day. and Backstreet Boys star AJ McLean and many more. In 2007 he released the book "Desperate Houseman" writing about his relationship with actress Nicollette Sheridan, to whom he was engaged for a time. Söderblom appeared in an episode of the ABC show "Desperate Housewives" as a fire fighter who comforted Sheridan's character Edie Britt when her house burned down.

</doc>
<doc id="20239636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239636" title="HR 8799 c">
HR 8799 c

__NOTOC__
</math></ref>
HR 8799 c is an extrasolar planet located approximately 129 light-years away in the constellation of Pegasus, orbiting the 6th magnitude Lambda Boötis star HR 8799. This planet has a mass between 5 and 10 Jupiter masses and a radius from 20 to 30% larger than Jupiter's. It orbits at 38 AU from HR 8799 with an unknown eccentricity and a period of 190 years; it is the 2nd planet discovered in the HR 8799 system. Along with two other planets orbiting HR 8799, this planet was discovered on November 13, 2008 by Marois "et al.", using the Keck and the Gemini observatories in Hawaii. These planets were discovered using the direct imaging technique. In January 2010, HR 8799 c became the 3rd exoplanet to have a portion of its spectrum directly observed (following 2M1207b and 1RXS J1609b), confirming the feasibility of direct spectrographic studies of exoplanets.
Spectra.
Near infrared spectroscopy from 995 to 1769 nanometers made with the Palomar Obervatory show evidence of Ammonia, perhaps some Acetylene but neither Carbon Dioxide nor substantial Methane.
High resolution spectroscopy with the OSIRIS instrument on the Keck Observatory show numerous well resolved lines of molecular absorption in the planet's atmosphere in the K band. Although methane is absent, the planet's atmosphere contains both water and carbon monoxide; the carbon-to-oxygen ratio of HR 8799 c is higher than that of its star, suggesting that the planet formed through the core accretion process.

</doc>
<doc id="20239638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239638" title="Killarney railway line">
Killarney railway line

The Killarney railway line was a branch railway in the Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia. Along with approval for the Fassifern and Crows Nest branches in 1880 came parliamentary approval for this branch. Although the owner of the large Canning Downs station offered land to enable a direct route from Warwick to Killarney, a more circuitous route was chosen to serve surrounding farms. It meant that the branch line ran 44 kilometres east from Warwick and then south to Killarney rather than take a direct 32 kilometre route through Canning Downs.
The Southern Line reached Warwick in 1871. The terminus was then on the northern side of the Condamine River. After construction of a bridge over the river and extension of the line south to Stanthorpe, a stop at East Warwick became Warwick station and the old terminus was renamed Mill Hill. The branch line to Killarney left the Southern Line a little beyond Mill Hill at what was called Killarney Junction. 
The Killarney branch opened as far as Emu Vale on 2 June 1884 and then to Killarney on 24 August 1885. Sidings for the first stage were located at Hermitage, Glencairn, Swan Creek, Karcaruda, Mt Sturt, Yangan and Brookbrae whilst in the second stage Danderoo, Wiyarra, Tannymorel and Grayson became stops.
For the duration of the branch, a train ran six days a week. Grain traffic and cheese from a Yangan factory constituted its major cargo and, after the discovery of coal at Mount Colliery east of Tannymorel, it too contributed greatly to the profitability of the line. From 1930, a railmotor operated the run. The Mount Colliery Tramway, a private 5km-long horse tramway, opened in 1908. The tramway joined the line at Tannymorel to transport coal from a nearby mine to the railway.
The Killarney line, together with the colliery tramway, closed on 1 May 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="20239641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239641" title="HR 8799 d">
HR 8799 d

</math></ref>
HR 8799 d is an extrasolar planet located approximately 129 light-years away in the constellation of Pegasus, orbiting the 6th magnitude Lambda Boötis star HR 8799. It has a mass between 5 and 10 Jupiter masses and a radius from 20 to 30% larger than Jupiter's. The planet orbits at 24 AU from HR 8799 with an eccentricity greater than 0.04 and a period of 100 years. Upon initial discovery, it was the innermost known planet in the HR 8799 system, but e, discovered later, is now known to be closer to their parent star. Along with two other planets orbiting HR 8799, this planet was discovered on November 13, 2008 by Marois "et al.", using the Keck and Gemini observatories in Hawaii. These planets were discovered using the direct imaging technique.
Near infrared spectroscopy from 995 to 1769 nanometers made with the Palomar Obervatory show evidence of Acetylene, Methane, and Carbon Dioxide, but Ammonia is not definitively detected.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="20239643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239643" title="Sarita Adve">
Sarita Adve

Sarita Adve is Professor in the Department of Computer Science and a PI for the Universal Parallel Computing Research Center at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Her research interests are in computer architecture and systems, parallel computing, and power and reliability-aware systems.
Dr. Adve's most significant research contributions are in the areas of memory consistency models for multiprocessors (she co-developed the memory models for the C++ and Java programming languages, which are based on her early work on data-race-free models); hardware reliability (she co-developed the concept of lifetime reliability aware architectures and dynamic reliability management); power management (she led the design of one of the first systems to implement cross-layer energy management); exploiting instruction-level parallelism (ILP) for memory system performance (she co-authored some of the first papers on exploiting ILP for memory level parallelism); and evaluation techniques for shared-memory multiprocessors with ILP processors (she led the development of the widely used RSIM architecture simulator).
Dr. Adve received her Ph.D. and M.S. degrees in Computer Science from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1993 and 1989 respectively, and the B.Tech. degree in Electrical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay in 1987. Before joining Illinois, she was on the faculty at Rice University from 1993 to 1999. Dr. Adve received the ACM SIGARCH Maurice Wilkes award in 2008, an IBM faculty award in 2005, was named a UIUC University Scholar in 2004, received an Alfred P. Sloan Research Fellowship in 1998, an IBM University Partnership award in 1997 and 1998, and a National Science Foundation CAREER award in 1995. She served on the NSF CISE directorate's advisory committee from 2003 to 2005 and on the expert group to revise the Java memory model from 2001 to 2005. She currently serves on the ACM SIGARCH board of directors. She was named a Fellow of the ACM in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20239658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239658" title="Arthur Payne (cricketer)">
Arthur Payne (cricketer)

Arthur Frederick Payne (born 7 December 1831 at Leicester; died 23 July 1910 at Brighton, Sussex) was an English amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1854 to 1867. He was the twin brother of Alfred Payne.
A right-handed batsman who was mainly associated with Oxford University and Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC), he made 10 known appearances in first-class matches. 

</doc>
<doc id="20239662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239662" title="Graphical tools">
Graphical tools

Graphical tools are software tools that link resources together in an online visual collaboration to author rich web presentations, upload and share visual content among team or customers inside a visual workspace.It can help link people’s experiences from across the globe and foster collaboration by providing a dynamic workspace to draw, annotate and review shared designs and documents.Graphical tools uses visualization techniques to create a graphical network representation of patterns of reference in collaborative discourse.
As corporate data become more complex, Graphical tools will become an increasingly useful business tool. IBM Many Eyes is a free public site created by Fernanda Viégas and Martin Wattenberg that allows anyone to create a visualization from a dataset. Furthermore, graphical tools are also used in the corporate world for Scenario planning and Process-driven application. We can also imagine several business scenarios in which visualization may help:
Graphical tools can be divided into two categories:

</doc>
<doc id="20239701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239701" title="Ethnic groups in Asia">
Ethnic groups in Asia

There are an abundance of ethnic groups throughout Asia, with adaptations to the climate zones of Asia, which can be Arctic, subarctic, temperate, subtropical or tropical. Central Asia and Western Asia include extensive desert regions. The ethnic groups have adapted to mountains, deserts, grasslands, and forests. On the coasts of Asia, the ethnic groups have adopted various methods of harvest and transport. Some groups are primarily hunter-gatherers, some practice transhumance (nomadic lifestyle), others have been agrarian/rural for millennia and others becoming industrial/urban. Some groups/countries of Asia are completely urban (Hong Kong and Singapore); the largest countries in Asia with regard to population are in China, India, Japan and South Korea. Colonization by European peoples affected many parts of Asia during the 19th and early 20th centuries but except in the Soviet Union was brought to an end by the mid-20th century. 
Central Asia.
Central Asia, in its most common definition, is deemed to consist of five former Soviet Socialist Republics: Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikstan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan and Xinjiang of western China. In a wider view, Mongolia, Afghanistan, and Pakistan are included. Turkic, Indo-Iranian, and Mongolic peoples comprise its general ethnicities.
The main religions of Central Asia are Islam (Turkic/Indo-Iranian peoples) and Buddhism (Mongolia). Central Asia has a long, rich history mainly based on its historic position on the famous Silk Road. It has been conquered by Mongols, Persians, Tatars, Russians, Afghans and Sarmatians, and thus has a very distinct, vibrant culture. The culture is influenced by Chinese, Indian, Persian, Afghan, Arabian, Turkish, Russian, Sarmatian and Mongolian cultures. The people of the steppes of Central Asia have historically been nomadic people but a unifying state was established in Central Asia in the 16th century: the Kazakh Khanate.
The music of Central Asia is rich and varied and is appreciated worldwide. Meanwhile, Central Asian cuisine is one of the most prominent cuisines of Asia, with cuisines from Pakistan, India, China and Azerbaijan showing significant influence from the foods of Central Asia. One of the most famous Central Asian foods is the kebab. 
The literature of Central Asia is linked with Persian literature as historically it has been part of the Persian Empire for a lot of its history. Furthermore, being at the junction of the Silk Road it has numerous Chinese, Indian and Arabian literary works..
East Asia.
East Asia, in general terms, consists of China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macao, Japan, South Korea and North Korea; sometimes, Mongolia and Vietnam are included in the definition. The major ethnicities of East Asia are: Han, Yamato, and Korean. Other ethnic groups of East Asia include: Tibetan, Uyghur, Kazakh, Manchu, and Mongol. Geographically East Asians farther north would also include groups such as the Buryats, Evenks, Yakuts, but due to the national and political dividing lines, the inclusion of East Asians north of China and Mongolia is not considered.
Mainly, the language families/isolates of East Asia are: Sinitic, Tibeto-Burman, Japonic, Ainu languages, the Korean language, Mongolic, Tungusic, Turkic, Miao–Yao, Tai–Kadai and Mon–Khmer;
The dominant influence historically has been China. Evidence of this can be seen in the cuisine, architecture, and lexicons, for example, throughout the region; in modern times, however, cultural exchange has flowed more bi-directionally. Major characteristics of this region include shared Chinese-derived language characteristics, as well as similar social and moral philosophies derived from Confucianism.
The script of the Han Chinese has long been a unifying feature in East Asia as the vehicle for Chinese culture. It was passed on first to Korea, Vietnam in the 1st century, then to Japan, where it forms a major component of the Japanese writing system. In Korea, however, Sejong the Great invented an alphabet called hangul, which has now largely supplanted Chinese characters, and in Japan, much of the Japanese language is written in hiragana, katakana in addition to Chinese characters. In East Asian countries, in particular China and Japan, the educational level of a person is traditionally measured by the quality of his or her calligraphy, rather than diction, as is sometimes the case in the West. 
Japan, Korea and Vietnam, though not Chinese-speaking regions, have had their languages influenced by Chinese to some extent. Even though their writing systems have changed over time, Chinese is still found in the historical roots of many borrowed words, especially technical terms.
Apart from the unifying influence of Confucianism, Buddhism, Chinese characters, and other Chinese Cultural Influences, there is nevertheless much diversity between the countries of the region.
North Asia.
for the most part, North Asia is considered to be made up of the Asian part of Russia solely. North Asia is geographically the northern extremenity of East Asia and the physical characteristics of its native inhabitants generally resemble that of East Asians, however this is principally divided along political lines under separate national identities, particularly that of China, Mongolia and Russia. The main ethnic groups of the region speak languages of the Uralic, Turkic, Mongolic, and Tungusic language families, along with East Slavs and various "Paleo-Siberian" peoples, with most of these ethnic groups being composed of nomads or people with a nomadic history.
The geographic region of Siberia was the historical land of the Turkic people, the Tatars, in the Siberia Khanate. Russia, under expansion of its territory however, took control of the region now known as Siberia, and thus today it is under Russian rule. There are roughly 40 million people in North Asia.
South Asia.
South Asia, in general definition, consists of the countries of Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka. The four Southern Indian states share a Dravidian culture, due to the prominence of Dravidian languages there. Sri Lanka has two main languages, Sinhalese which has Indo-Aryan roots and Tamil which has Dravidian roots. Bangladesh and the Indian province West Bengal share common Bengali heritage and culture, with Bangladesh having a prevalent Tibeto-Burman influence on its south-eastern states. Pakistan is split with its two western regions of Baluchistan and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa sharing a greater Iranian heritage and its two eastern provinces of Sindh and Punjab sharing a more Indo-Aryan culture.
Nepal, the states of Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh, Ladakh in the state of Jammu and Kashmir and parts of the Indian states of Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand have a great cultural similarity to Tibet, Tibetan Buddhism being the dominant religion there. Finally the border states of Assam, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Manipur, Nagaland and Tripura have cultural affinities with South East Asia. 
Bhutanese are often referred to in literature as "Bhote" (people of Bhutia/Bhotia or Tibet). They follow Tibetan Buddhism to and it is dominant political and cultural element in modern Bhutan. Their language, Dzongkha, is the national language and is descended from Old Tibetan.
Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Sikhism, religions founded in the region that is today's India, are spread throughout the subcontinent. Islam and Christianity also have significant region-specific histories. While 80% of Indians are Hindus and Nepal is a Hindu-majority State, Sri Lanka and Bhutan have a majority of Buddhists. Islam is the second largest religion after Hinduism
with Muslim countries like Pakistan and Bangladesh.
Indo-Aryan languages are spoken in Pakistan and most of North, West and East India and Nepal. Dravidian languages are spoken in South India and Sri Lanka. Tibeto-Burman languages are spoken in the hills of Bangladesh, Nepal, North and North East India. Austroasiatic languages are spoken in certain northern and eastern areas of Bangladesh and in East and North East India.
Southeast Asia.
Southeast Asia consists of Mainland Southeast Asia and Maritime Southeast Asia. Southeast Asia is usually thought to include Burma, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, East Timor, Brunei and the Philippines. The region has been greatly influenced by the cultures and religions of India and China, as well as the religions Islam and Christianity from Southwest Asia. Southeast Asia seems to be more influenced by India rather than China with the exception of Vietnam, which has been significantly influenced by China, which 
why Vietnam is put in the East Asian cultural Sphere rather than the Southeast Asian cultural sphere. Southeast Asia has also had a lot of Western influence due to the lasting legacy of colonialism. One example is the Philippines which has been heavily influenced by America and Spain due to colonization.
A common feature found around the region are stilt houses. Another shared feature is rice paddy agriculture, which originated in Southeast Asia thousands of years ago. Dance is also a very important feature of the culture, utilizing movements of the hands and feet perfected over thousands of years. Furthermore, the arts and literature of Southeast Asia is very distinctive as some have been influenced by Indian, Hindu, Chinese, Buddhist and Islamic literature.
West Asia.
West Asia largely corresponds with the term the Middle East. West Asia consists of Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Cyprus, Georgia, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, the Palestinian territories, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and Yemen. The region is the historical birthplace of Abrahamic religions: Judaism, Christianity and Islam. Today, the region is almost 93% Muslim and is dominated by Islamic politics. Israel is the sole exception, and is populated largely by Jewish emigrants.
Culturally, the region is mainly Arab, Hebrew/Jewish, and Persian, alongside smaller numbers of Turkish, Greek, Kurdish people, Assyrian, Armenian and Cypriot peoples. Iraq is a unique example of both Persian and Arab culture. Many of the Arab countries are desert and thus many nomadic groups exist today. On the other hand, modern metropolises also exist on the shifting sands: Abu Dhabi, Amman, Riyadh, Doha and Muscat. The climate is mostly of a desert climate however some of the coastal regions have a more temperate climate, including the mountainous Anatolian plateau (Turkey, Georgia, Armenia). Coastal areas of the Eastern Mediterranean, particularly Cyprus and Lebanon, have a distinct mediterranean climate. The Persian Plateau (Iran, Iraq, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Afghanistan, and Turkmenistan) has a diverse terrain, it is mainly mountainous with portions of desert, steppe and tropical forest on the coast of the Caspian Sea.
West Asian cuisine is a fusion of Turkish, Arabian, Greek, North African and Persian cuisine. It is immensely rich and diverse. The literature is also immensely rich with Arabic and Persian literature dominating. One of the most famous literary works of West Asia is 1001 Arabian Nights.

</doc>
<doc id="20239703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239703" title="2008–09 National Indoor Soccer League season">
2008–09 National Indoor Soccer League season

The 2008-09 National Indoor Soccer League is the inaugural season for the league and the 30th anniversary of professional Division 1 indoor soccer. The members of the NISL's first season are the Baltimore Blast, the Massachusetts Twisters, the Monterrey La Raza, the Philadelphia KiXX, and the Rockford Rampage. The Orlando Sharks were supposed to play, but due to scheduling conflicts with the Amway Arena the Twisters took the Sharks' spot for the season.
The league kicked off on November 15, 2008 with the Philadelphia KiXX defeating the Massachusetts Twisters 34-11 and the Baltimore Blast defeating the Rockford Rampage 14-4. The regular season concluded March 29, 2009.
Each team played eighteen games, nine home and nine away. La Raza also played, and won, the Copa America against PASL-Pro and PASL-Premier teams.
Final standings.
"Blue indicates bye into the NISL Championship"
"Green indicates playoff berth clinched"
Playoffs.
Game 1.
Friday, 10:35PM EST, April 3, 2009 at Monterrey Arena in Monterrey, Nuevo Leon
Game 2.
Sunday, 5:35PM EST, April 5, 2009 at Rockford MetroCentre in Rockford, Illinois
Game 3.
Sunday, April 5, 2009 at Rockford MetroCentre in Rockford, Illinois (Immediately followed game two)
Championship.
Saturday, 7:35PM EST, April 11, 2009 at 1st Mariner Arena in Baltimore, Maryland

</doc>
<doc id="20239716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239716" title="94th Flying Training Squadron">
94th Flying Training Squadron

The 94th Flying Training Squadron (94 FTS) is part of the 306th Flying Training Group based at United States Air Force Academy, Colorado. It conducts glider training for Air Force Academy cadets. The squadron is augmented by the Reserve 70th Flying Training Squadron.
History.
Activated in June 1943 under I Troop Carrier Command and equipped with C-47 Skytrains. Trained in various parts of the eastern United States until the end of 1943. Deployed to England and assigned to IX Troop Carrier Command, Ninth Air Force. 
Prepared for the invasion of Nazi-occupied Europe. Began operations by dropping paratroops of the 101st Airborne Division in Normandy on D-Day (6 June 1944) and releasing gliders with reinforcements on the following day. The unit received a Distinguished Unit Citation and a French citation for these missions. 
After the Normandy invasion the squadron ferried supplies in the United Kingdom. 
After moving to France in September, the unit dropped paratroops of the 82nd Airborne Division near Nijmegen and towed gliders carrying reinforcements during the airborne attack on the Netherlands. In December, it participated in the Battle of the Bulge by releasing gliders with supplies for the 101st Airborne Division near Bastogne. 
When the Allies made the air assault across the Rhine River in March 1945, each aircraft towed two gliders with troops of the 17th Airborne Division and released them near Wesel. The squadron also hauled food, clothing, medicine, gasoline, ordnance equipment, and other supplies to the front lines and evacuated patients to rear zone hospitals. It converted from C-47s to C-46s and the new aircraft to transport displaced persons from Germany to France and Belgium after V-E Day.
Returned to the U.S. during the period July–September 1945, and trained with C-46 aircraft until inactivated. 
The squadron has taught soaring and parachuting to cadets at the U.S. Air Force Academy since October 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20239734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239734" title="Pashalik of Scutari">
Pashalik of Scutari

The Pashalik of Iskodra, or Pashalik of Shkodra, (1757-1831) was a semi-autonomous "pashalik" under the Ottoman empire created by the Albanian Bushati family from the previous Sanjak of Scutari, which was situated around the city of Shkodër in modern-day Albania and parts of modern-day Montenegro. At its peak during the reign of Kara Mahmud Bushati the pashalik encompassed much of Albania, large parts of Kosovo, western Macedonia and southwestern Montenegro.
Background.
The weakening of Ottoman central authority and the "timar" system of land ownership brought anarchy to the Albanian-populated region of the Ottoman empire. In the late eighteenth century, two Albanian centers of power emerged: Shkodër, under the Bushati family; and Janina, under Ali Pasha of Tepelenë. Both regions cooperated with and defied the Sublime Porte as their interests required.
History.
In 1757, Mehmed Bushati, having eliminated two rival families and heading the Tabak esnaf of Shkodra as their spiritual Sheikh proclaimed himself pasha of Shkodër. Mehmet Bushati known as Mehmet the Old (Plaku) transformed the Sanjak of Scutari, created in 1479, into a semi-autonomous Pashalik of Shkodra. He was praised by Istanbul for ending the Arab and Berber pirates' reign of terror over the Venetian ships in the Adriatic.
Mehmed Bushati's son and third successor, Kara Mahmud Bushati, pursued a policy of military expansion and established his control over northern Albania up to the Toskeria and Kosovo. He launched two attacks on Montenegro (1785, 1796) and against Venice in revenge for the Bey of Tunis. He defeated several Ottoman expeditions dispatched to subdue him for his uncontrolled behavior. Kara Mahmdud subdued Montenegrin tribes and forced the Venetians to pay him a tribute (haraj). He courted both the Austrian and Russian empires, receiving a promise from Vienna that they would recognise him as lord of all Albania in return for an alliance against the Sublime Porte. However, after taking money from the Austrians he decapited the Viennese emissaries, sent their heads to Istanbul and pledged loyalty to the sultan. In response, the Ottomans "ex post facto" pardoned Kara Mahmud for his attacks against Venice and reappointed him governor of Shkodër.
In 1796, the Montenegrins and Albanian Catholic tribes of Piper and Palabardh defeated an expedition launched against them by the Shkodran Muslims and decapitated Kara Mahmud Bushati. His skull is still on display in Cetinjski manastir in Montenegro as a symbol of Christian's revenge against Albanian Muslims. His death signalled a decline in autonomy for the "pashalik". Kara Mahmud's successor Ibrahim Bushati cooperated with the Ottoman empire until his own death (1810). He was appointed Beylerbey of Rumelia and subdued the Serbs during his military expeditions against Belgrade.
The Bushati dynasty's rule came to an end when an Ottoman army under Mehmed Reshid Pasha laid siege to the Fatih castle at Shkodër and forced the surrender of the last pasha Mustafa Bushati who had rebelled against the sultan whom they accused as Giaour - infidel (1831). This defeat not only ended a planned alliance between the Albanians and the Bosnians, who were similarly seeking autonomy and shariah, but also brought about the dissolution of the "pashalik" and the establishment 30 years later of the "vilayet"s of Scutari and of Kosovo. An uprising in Scutari in 1833-1836 failed to reestablish the autonomy enjoyed under the Bushatis. With the dismemberment of the Pashalik of Shkodra, Montenegro got rid of the Muslim Pashalik of Shkodra, which kept it in check for many decades.

</doc>
<doc id="20239787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239787" title="Thomás O'Ryan y Vázquez">
Thomás O'Ryan y Vázquez

Thomás O'Ryan y Vázquez (Madrid 1821 - 1902) was a Spanish military Lieutenant General, Minister of War, and Professor at the Academy of Military Engineering in Guadalajara, Spain. He was of Irish descent.
Military career.
O´Ryan took part in the Spanish Revolution in 1848. He also fought in Cuba, aged around 30, participating in the defeat of the second attempt at maritime invasion by the Venezuelan filibuster Narciso López, (1797 - executed 1851), who had been helped with exiles, mercenaries and money by United States Governor John A. Quitman of Mississippi, (1797 - 1858), former Senator John Henderson of Mississippi, (1797 - 1857) and the editor of the "New Orleans Delta", Laurence Sigur, contravening the Spain - USA neutrality conventions operative since 1818. Quitman, Henderson and others were tried by a tribunal in the United States but were finally acquitted.
Crimean War.
O´Ryan was a military attaché in 1855, as a Lieutenant Colonel, aged 34, and was invited by the General Headquarters of the French - English Army at the Crimean War against Russia to write ann account of the war. He did this together with his assistant Lieutenant of the Military Engineers Corp, Andres Villalon Hechebarria, deceased in 1885 as a Brigadier of the Spanish Army, who participated in military campaigns in Africa, Mexico and the Philippine Islands. They wrote a most interesting account of the Crimean War in 3 volumes, namely: "Memorias sobre el viaje militar a La Crimea, presentada por los oficiales del Cuerpo de Ingenieros nombrados en 1855 para seguir y estudiar las operaciones de la Guerra entre Rusia y las potencias occidentales de Francia e Inglaterra auxiliando a la Turquía". Madrid, Imprenta Memorial Engineers ("Reports on the military journey to the Crimea, by officers of the Corps of Engineers appointed in 1855 to monitor and study the operations of the War between Russia and the Western powers France and England, in support of Turkey.").
Further career.
In 1859 he was commissioned as a Colonel to witness the Italian War.
He was a Governor of Melilla, (1864 - 1866) He was a personal aide of King Alfonso XII of Spain, (1857 - King under a coup détat in 1875 - 1885), Minister of War in the Cabinet of Prime Minister Praxedes Mateo Sagasta and General Director of the Infantry Corps.
Bibliography.
O´Ryan wrote in Spanish, "Guerra de Oriente (1854 a 1856). Conferencias dadas en el Centro del Ejército y de la Armada by General Don Tomás O´Ryan y Vázquez (East War (1854 to 1856). Lectures given to the Army and Navy."). Madrid, Imprenta Memorial Engineers (1886). 
He published in 1856, in vol. 11, of the Imprenta Memorial Engineers, (Madrid), a 360 pages treatise with 36 deployable designs, a translation of the German work by the Austrian Julius von Wurmb "Tratado de Arquitectura Militar" (Treatise on Military Architecture). 
He wrote some treatises on military engineering. 
Honours.
He received the "Legion d'Honneur" medal in France, the Portuguese medal of the "Order of the Concepcion de Villaviciosa", the medal of "San Maurizio e San Lazaro" in Italy and the "Order of the Medjidie" from Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="20239791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239791" title="Alexander Vinogradov (bass)">
Alexander Vinogradov (bass)

Alexander Vinogradov (born 1976) is a Russian bass opera singer. He began his music education at age 7, starting with the piano and the clarinet. From 1994 to 1995 he was a student at the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology, also known as the 'Russian MIT'. Vinogradov became a student of the Moscow Conservatory in 1995. While still a student at the Conservatory, he made his debut with the Bolshoi Theater at the age of 21 as Oroveso in "Norma", amongst other roles.
In 1997, he won a 3rd Prize in the "Classica Nova" International Competition at Hanover. In 1999, he won the "Special Prize" at the "Neue Stimmen" International Competition in Gütersloh. He also won the Orfeo 2000 International Competition, organized by the Staatsoper Hannover. In 2003, he was also a finalist in Plácido Domingo's "Operalia" International Competition.
His extensive repertoire includes Figaro in "Le nozze di Figaro", Escamilio in "Carmen", Pimen in "Boris Godunov", Sarastro in "Die Zauberflöte", Oroveso in "Norma", Basilio in "Il barbiere di Siviglia", Daland in "Der fliegende Holländer", Banquo in "Macbeth", Masetto and Leporello in "Don Giovanni", Il Conte Walther in "Luisa Miller", Lodovico in "Otello", the Nightwatchman in "Die Meistersinger", Selim in "Il turco in Italia", Orest in "Elektra", Timur in "Turandot" and Mephistopheles in "Faust".
Currently, Mr. Vinogradov performs principally with the Staatsoper Unter den Linden in Berlin. His engagements have included the Royal Opera House at Covent Garden, Bolshoi Theater in Moscow, Teatro Carlo Felice in Genoa, Teatro La Fenice in Venice, Staatsoper Hannover, Vlaamse Opera in Belgium, Teatro Real in Madrid, Opéra de Lyon, Opéra National de Bordeaux, Opéra National de Paris, Théâtre du Châtelet, New National Theater in Tokyo, Washington National Opera, amongst other acclaimed opera companies/houses around the world and international music festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="20239811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239811" title="Jardin botanique d'Alaije">
Jardin botanique d'Alaije

The Jardin botanique d'Alaije is a botanical garden with an emphasis on vegetables, located in Brantôme, Dordogne, Aquitaine, France. It is open weekdays; admission is free.
The garden opened to the public in 1998, and currently contains about 800 plant varieties with a focus on ancient and forgotten vegetables, but also including ornamental, aromatic, and medicinal plants, etc. It is organized into eight sections: medieval, vegetables, Solanaceae, square gardens, aromatics, grasses, Cucurbitaceae, and medicinal plants.

</doc>
<doc id="20239841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239841" title="List of railway stations in the Saarland">
List of railway stations in the Saarland

This list covers the passenger railway stations and halts in the Saarland, a state in southwestern Germany, that are served by scheduled and/or museum services.
Description.
The list is organised as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20239844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239844" title="Mitch Cope">
Mitch Cope

Mitch Cope, Fine Artist and Curator based in Detroit.
Born Detroit, Michigan, 1973, Mitch Cope works as an artist and independent curator out of Detroit. In 2001 he co-founded the Tangent Gallery where he was also the director. The Tangent Gallery began a curatorial career which led to projects such as the Shrinking Cities Project out of Berlin, the "Power From Nature" project with artist Marjetica Potrc the Susanne Hilberry Gallery and the recent highly acclaimed art marketing experiment M.O.R.E. at the Detroit Artists Market.
He has shown his art throughout Detroit, most notably at the Susanne Hilberry Gallery, and internationally at the KW Institute for Contemporary Art and Subspace Gallery in Berlin, Germany, the Kunsthaus Dresden and his collaborative art project “Detroit Tree of Heaven Woodshop” can be seen in a permanent installation at the World Workers Museum in Steyr, Austria. In 2005, Mitch became the first American artist to officially travel on a U.S. Embassy Cultural Envoy to Ashgabat, Turkmenistan, where he traveled throughout the country lecturing about his work, and visiting and working with Turkmen artists on a joint American-Turkmen exhibition.
Most recently, Mitch was involved in the foundation and planning of the new Museum of Contemporary Art Detroit (MOCAD) where he also filled the role of Assistant Curator until March 2007. Currently, Mitch is deep in the production of new modes for experimentation and development with the Detroit Tree of Heaven Woodshop, founded 2005 with artists Ingo Vetter and Annette Weisser, with commissions from the Noguchi Museum, Shrinking Cities Project, and the Van Abbemuseum. He is also the co-owner of Design 99, a retail space for design, art & architecture in Hamtramck.

</doc>
<doc id="20239847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239847" title="V SS Mountain Corps">
V SS Mountain Corps

V SS Mountain Corps was a Waffen SS formation that existed in later periods of World War II.
The Corps fought against partisans in Yugoslavia as part of 2nd Panzer Army from October 1943 to December 1944. In 1945, the Corps fought on the Oder line as part of the 9th Army, in the Frankfurt am Oder area and in the Battle of Berlin that followed.

</doc>
<doc id="20239848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239848" title="Harry Messy">
Harry Messy

Harry Messy played ice hockey for the Montreal Victorias in 1897. He was dressed for several games, and played one game, as an injury replacement at forward. In those days ice hockey players played the whole game. Substitions could only be made if a player was injured during the game. Messy did not score any goals. He was a member of 1897 Stanley Cup Montreal Victorias Stanley Cup winning team, but was not included on the team picture.

</doc>
<doc id="20239850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239850" title="Katherine Paterson bibliography">
Katherine Paterson bibliography

This is a list of works by Katherine Paterson (b. 1932). This list includes her novels, picture books, short stories and non-fiction as well as film and television adaptations of her works.
Works.
Novels
"lyddie"
Picture books
I-can-read books
Translations<br>
Japanese
Russian
Non-fiction
Christmas short story collections
Adaptations.
Television productions
Film adaptations

</doc>
<doc id="20239857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239857" title="LB&amp;SCR D2 class">
LB&amp;SCR D2 class

The LB&SCR D2 class, 0-4-2 suburban passenger locomotives, were designed by William Stroudley of the London Brighton and South Coast Railway in 1876. They were developed from his successful "D-tank" class of 1873.
Pre-Grouping.
The 14 locomotives in this class were built at Brighton railway works and appeared in traffic between September 1876 and October 1883, intended for those duties where the limited water supply of a “D-tank” might prove to be a handicap. They were frequently employed on lightly loaded fast continental boat trains between London and Newhaven, and so were named after European cities. Thus they were frequently known as the “Lyons Class”, after the first locomotive No.300 Lyons.
The class performed well for a quarter of a century, and achieved good mileages but when they began to require major repairs, it was decided to withdraw the class and use the newer B2 and C2 class locomotives in their place. The first two locomotives were withdrawn in November 1902 and the final two in March 1907. No examples survived into preservation.

</doc>
<doc id="20239858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239858" title="Ngozi Paul">
Ngozi Paul

Ngozi Paul is an award winning, Canadian actress best known as the co-creator, co-executive producer, and actress on Global TV hit comedic drama "Da Kink in My Hair".
Born and raised in Toronto, Ontario to a father from Dominica and a mother from St. Kitts, She is a graduate of Rawlinson Public School and an alumnus of the National Screen Institute’s 2005 Spark Plug program [http://www.nsi-canada.ca/ngozi_paul.aspx]. During the course of her professional career, she has worked in highly acclaimed theater and film projects and with seasoned film veterans such as Tonya Lee Williams, star of the famed daytime drama the Young and the Restless. 
In 2003, Ngozi was heralded as one of the top ten actors in Toronto by Now Magazine She is the recipient of the prestigious Tyrone Guthrie Award for her work with the Stratford Festival and Best Actress nominee at the International Black Film Festival for her performance in the film Banyan [http://www.visiontv.ca/Media/Releases/Kink%20in%20My%20Hair.html. She played a leading role in Charles Officer’s Genie nominated film, Short Hymn, Silent War featured at the 2004 Sundance Film Festival More recently, Ngozi played a young Nelson Mandela in the Toronto production of the screenplay "In the Freedom of Dreams: The Story of Nelson Mandela" [http://www.visiontv.ca/Media/Releases/Kink%20in%20My%20Hair.html.
Ngozi Paul’s production credits include founding Ngozika Productions – which strives to showcase film and TV projects from an Afro-Canadian perspective that universally resonates with family viewers of various ethnicities. In addition to being co-producer of the Tonya Williams Gospel Jubilee, Ngozi served as the creative director, associate producer and story editor on the Gemini nominated series "Lord have Mercy!" On the forefront of filmmaking technology, Ms. Paul is a recent participant of Talent Lab, a four-day intensive program for emerging filmmakers interested in mobile movie filmmaking [http://tiff08.ca/industry/programmes/talentlab/default.aspx. 
Known for her community involvement, Ngozi has donated her time and talents towards raising awareness for social issues such as domestic violence and homophobia within the West Indian community. In 2005, she was a celebrity cast member for the Toronto performance of “The Vagina Monologues” with proceeds helping local organizations assist women in abusive relationships [http://www.womensbookstore.com/enews/01-04-05.html].

</doc>
<doc id="20239878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239878" title="Nobody Knows What You Do">
Nobody Knows What You Do

Nobody Knows What You Do is an album by John Hartford, released in 1976.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by John Hartford; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="20239903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239903" title="Palacio de los Guzmanes">
Palacio de los Guzmanes

The Palacio de los Guzmanes is a Renaissance building in the city of León; it is the seat of Provincial Government of León. 
The architect Rodrigo Gil de Hontañón built the palace in the 16th century, commissioned by the aristocratic family of Guzman, one of the city’s powerful and influential families. It is three-storey high with square towers at the four corners and is arranged around a two-storey courtyard. The façade has a round arches gallery on the top floor.

</doc>
<doc id="20239916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239916" title="2006 CIS Men's Soccer Championship">
2006 CIS Men's Soccer Championship

The 2006 CIS Men's Soccer Championship Finals was held from the 9-12 November, 2006 at the University of Alberta in Edmonton, Alberta. It will consisted of 8 teams from the various conferences under the Canadian Interuniversity Sport.
All-Canadians.
First Team(1-11) and Second Team(12-22) with school and hometown.
Nationals.
Along with host Alberta Golden Bears, the teams that qualified for the National Finals are UNB Varsity Reds, Trinity Western Spartans, Montreal Carabins, Western Ontario Mustangs, St. Mary's Huskies, Toronto Varsity blues and Laval Rouge et Or.

</doc>
<doc id="20239945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239945" title="Willie Bean">
Willie Bean

Willie Bean Roscoe P Coltrane is the name of a yellow labrador retriever who has been the focus of several political satires during 2008, and is also the first dog who ran for mayor of Fairhope, Alabama. Tress Turner is the owner and director of the Willie Bean for Mayor and Willie Bean for President campaigns.
Local Recognition.
Received the ceremonial first catch before the Mobile BayBears Braves game.
Icon for Baldwin Animal Rescue Center (BARC), a Humane society group, and Fairhope Dog Park Coalition, in an attempt to increase donations for a Fairhope Dog Park. As of November 16, 2008, Willie Bean has helped raise almost 2,000 dollars towards the cause.
National Recognition.
Willie Bean was mentioned in an act on the Late Show with David Letterman in a satire attempt to elect Muffins the Turtle.
Willie Bean was also selected as one of the Creatures Small and Great of 2008 by AOL News.
History.
Similar events in 2004 in Rabbit Hash, Kentucky, elected Junior Cochran, a black Lab, as mayor. It was the second canine elected to lead the small Northern Kentucky town, according to the town’s Web site. The first was a mutt named Goofy Borneman, according to Laurie Lamblin, a resident and employee of the town’s historic general store.

</doc>
<doc id="20239956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239956" title="San Quentin (disambiguation)">
San Quentin (disambiguation)

San Quentin refers to Saint Quentin.
San Quentin may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20239971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239971" title="Arkansas Razorbacks football, 1970–79">
Arkansas Razorbacks football, 1970–79

__NOTOC__
1970.
Overview.
Tackle Dick Bumpas was a consensus All-American for Arkansas in 1970, with Chuck Dicus also earning first-team honors. Bill McClard averaged 7.3 points per game from the kicking position, the best in the nation for 1970. McClard converted on 50 of 51 extra points and 10 of 15 field goals. McClard connected on a 60-yard field goal against the Mustangs of SMU. This is the third-longest field goal in Arkansas history. Quarterback Bill Montgomery completed 80% of his pass attempts (12 of 15) against Oklahoma State, tied for sixth-best in Arkansas history in that category. Arkansas gained 658 yards (296 pass 362 rush) against TCU, the third most in the history of the Razorbacks.
1971.
Overview.
Kicker Bill McClard was an All American. McClard also averaged 6.5 points per game, the seventh best average nationally. Razorback quarterback Joe Ferguson was eighth in the nation in completions per game, with 14.5. Mike Reppond averaged 5.6 receptions per game, the fourth highest average during 1971. As an offense, Arkansas averaged 211.5 yards per game, the highest in the SWC, and eighth-highest in college football. Arkansas was seventh in total offense, with a total of 4898 yards over 11 games.
Liberty Bowl.
The 1971 Liberty Bowl matched up Arkansas with Tennessee. The Volunteers took the lead first, with a two-yard run by Bill Rudder. The Hogs responded with a 36-yard TD strike from Joe Ferguson to Jim Hodge. Scoring wouldn't resume until the fourth quarter, when Razorback Bill McClard kicked 19- and 30-yard field goals. A third McClard kick was good, set up by Louis Campbell's third interception, but a penalty kept the Hogs off the board a fourth time. Arkansas fumbled at their own 36-yard line, and Tennessee's Curt Watson scored three plays later.
"Source: Razorback Bowl History – 1971 Liberty Bowl
1973.
Overview.
Running back Dickey Morton averaged 118 yards per game on the ground, the ninth highest average in the nation.
Game summaries.
TCU.
QB Mike Kirkland threw for one touchdown and ran for another in Arkansas' 15th straight win over TCU. It was the SWC opener for both teams.
1976.
Overview.
Ben Cowins averaged 6.3 yards per carry in 1976, the fourth-highest average in the nation. Steve Little averaged 44.4 yards per punt, the seventh-best nationally.
1977.
Overview.
PK Steve Little was a consensus All-American in 1977. Little punted 48 times for 2,127 yds, and had the fourth-best average in college football, with 44.3 yards per punt. Little scored an average of 8.5 points per game for the Razorbacks, including 19 field goals (30 attempted) and 37 extra points. This was the eighth-best average per game, and the second-best among kickers. His 1.73 field goals per game was second-best to Paul Marchese of Kent State.
The third-best scoring defense, Arkansas, was also in a tie for the fourth-best pass defense. The Hogs, along with the Indiana Hoosiers, gave up only 89.5 yards per game through the air, and the Hogs only surrendered 8.6 points per game. Only North Carolina and Ohio State allowed fewer points in 1977. The Hogs finished in a five-way tie for the National Championship, with a record of 11–1. They were ranked third by the AP, behind runner-up Alabama and Champion Notre Dame.
Orange Bowl.
The 1978 Orange Bowl was played between #6 Arkansas and #2 Oklahoma. Entering the game, the Hogs were twenty-one point underdogs against the Sooners. Arkansas had four offensive starters suspended for the contest, which also led fans to believe the Sooners would roll.
Roland Sales of Arkansas rushed for 205 yards on 23 carries, setting an Orange Bowl record. Sales would hold the record until Ahman Green carried for 206 yards in 1998, beating Sales by a single yard. He came in relief of star running back Ben Cowins, who the Hogs left in Fayetteville for a violation of team rules. Sales bagan the scoring on a one-yard run after a Billy Sims fumble. Hog QB Ron Calcagni would score next, after a fumble by Oklahoma fullback Kenny King. Steve Little completed a field goal to give the Hogs a 17–0 cushion in the third quarter. Sales scored on a four-yard run to stretch the Hog advantage to 24–0. Oklahoma would score on an eight-yard touchdown pass, but the Hogs would stop the two-point conversion. Barnabas White would tack on another Razorback touchdown, getting the ball from a young Houston Nutt playing quarterback for the Hogs.
"Source: Arkansas Razorbacks Bowl History – 1978 Orange Bowl"
1979.
Overview.
Offensive tackle Greg Kolenda was a Consensus All-American for the Razorbacks in 1979. Placekicker Ish Ordonez led the nation in field goals with 18 and lead the Southwest Conference in scoring for the second year in a row with 80 points. He hit 18 of 22 FG on the season, for an 82% average and was 2nd Team All-American. As a defense, Arkansas was tied for 6th in scoring defense in the 1979 season, giving up 108 points in 11 games (9.8 ppg). McNeese State was the other program that held this mark.
Notes.
Arkansas Razorbacks Sports Network Online 1970–1979 Football Schedule/Results

</doc>
<doc id="20239982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239982" title="Behr Perlhefter">
Behr Perlhefter

Beer Shmuel Issachar Leyb ben Judah Moses Eybeschuetz Perlhefter (born ca. 1650 in Prague, (modern Czech Republic) died after 1713 in Prague) was a Jewish scholar and rabbi. His educated wife Bella bat R. Jakob Perlhefter (Isabell, Bella, Bilah, died 1710 in Prague), corresponded in Hebrew and wrote the preface on the Yiddish book “Beer Sheva”. Perlhefter taught the German Christian Hebraist Johann Christoph Wagenseil Hebrew and Jewish literature. Beer Perlhefter is consider an important figure of the Sabbatian movement. After the death of the pseudo-Messiah Sabbatai Zevi (1626-1676), he restored the Sabbatian theology at the school of Abraham Rovigo and called the Pseudomessiah Mordecai Mokiach to Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20239994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20239994" title="A Portrait of Giselle">
A Portrait of Giselle

A Portrait of Giselle is a 1982 documentary film, produced by Joseph Wishy and directed by Muriel Balash. It features Patricia McBride and Anton Dolin along with famous ballerinas who danced the role of Giselle in the past. 
It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20240005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240005" title="University of León">
University of León

The University of León is a Spanish public university with campus in León and Ponferrada.
The germ of the university is found in 1843, when it was created the Normal School for Teachers or Masters Seminar of Public Instruction and the subaltern school of Veterinary Medicine, founded in 1852, laying the foundations of Leon future university. Founded in 1979 as a splitting of the University of Oviedo, from the various schools and colleges that depend on that, more or less existed long ago in the city of Leon.
In recent years the university has signed important cooperation agreements, among which the one signed with the University of Washington, which has allowed the installation in Leon of the second European Headquarters this university to learn Spanish, with capacity for 500 students, and signed with the University of Xiangtan, which has led to the establishment in the city of Confucius Institute.
Faculties and Schools.
The University of Leon has eight Faculties, six Schools and two private associated Schools. It also has the School of Languages and an IT Center, called Crai-tic, where it is located the Calendula supercomputer. The Veterinary Hospital of Castile and León is also associated to the University.

</doc>
<doc id="20240009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240009" title="Along Came Jones (album)">
Along Came Jones (album)

Along Came Jones is the 1965 debut album recorded by Tom Jones and included his massive hit single "It's Not Unusual". The album reached No 11. Some of the songs were covers and some were written especially for Jones like the Gordon Mills-penned "The Rose".
In July 1965 Parrot Records (USA, Canada) issued an abridged (12 track) version of the album, titled "It's Not Unusual".

</doc>
<doc id="20240023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240023" title="Danderyds sjukhus">
Danderyds sjukhus

Danderyds sjukhus is a hospital in Danderyd Municipality in northern Greater Stockholm opened in 1922. Until 1964 it was called "Centrallasarettet i Stocksund".

</doc>
<doc id="20240026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240026" title="Eccles on Sea">
Eccles on Sea

Eccles-on-Sea (also called Eccles-by-the-Sea) is an ancient Norfolk coastal fishing village, now virtually all swept into the North Sea.
History.
The placename Eccles comes from the Latin "ecclesia" meaning church, and usually indicates an early British Christian site, as "ecclesia" was not taken into the Anglo-Saxons' vocabulary, other than in inherited place names. When the "Domesday Book" was compiled in 1086, Eccles-on-Sea was a thriving community of some , but as it was situated in a low-lying area on the North Norfolk coast it was prone to inundation. 
In 1605, according to William White's "History, Gazetteer, and Directory of Norfolk", 1883, the inhabitants petitioned for a reduction in their taxes when only 14 houses and of land remained following a ferocious storm in 1604.
By 1881 it had only 17 inhabitants and comprised of land divided into two farms.
Today the majority of the area is occupied by the Bush Estate - a collection of about 200 mostly pre-war bungalows tucked in behind the sand dunes. The Bush Estate was originally a simple holiday retreat, with just one well between the inhabitants and no mains drainage or power. 
However, over the years the properties have been improved, the utility companies subsequently laid on mains drainage, electricity and telephones and the community took on a more permanent feel. Today about half the dwellings are occupied all year round and many of the more temporary structures have been rebuilt as conventional bungalows.
The community at Eccles is now nestled behind concrete sea defences constructed after the North Sea flood of 1953.
The Church of St Mary’s at Eccles-on-Sea.
The tower of St Mary’s Church at Eccles, which was badly damaged by storm in 1604, stood until 1895 when it finally succumbed to the storms. 
"...as the sea advanced, chewing ever more land away, the sand dunes were pushed back around the church. When Ladbroke engraved the tower for his series of illustrations of the churches of Norfolk in 1823, the tower was still, just, on the landward side of the dunes. By 1893, the church was not only on the beach, the chancel ruins had been destroyed... The fact that the tower stood until 1895 and formed such a local landmark, made it an attraction for early photographers and so we have a number of early plates, most notably the fine image taken by a Mr Fitt, a Norwich photographer c.1890, and which was reproduced and sold in some numbers by him after the tower fell. ...it has been possible to show that the parish church was originally a two-celled building which had a round west tower... and a south aisle subsequently added. The tower is difficult to date, but from its size, proportions and coursed flint walling, appears to be Norman in date, probably of the 12th century." "Sand, Sea and Sherds: Intertidal Archaeology on the East Norfolk Coast", Tim Pestell, 2001. 
In the 1960s it is said that the location of the church was obvious from two large piles of flint, but they are covered by sand today.
Norfolk County Council Archive has a few Victorian prints of the tower still standing, although publication is not permitted. Examples can be seen Norfolk County Council website.

</doc>
<doc id="20240050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240050" title="Knight Marshal">
Knight Marshal

The Knight Marshal is a former office in the British Royal Household established by King Henry III in 1236. The position later became a Deputy to the Earl Marshal from the reign of Henry VIII until the office was abolished in 1846 .
The Knight Marshal and his men were responsible for maintaining order within the King's Court (Court of Marshalsea or Palace Court) which was abolished in 1849.
According to "The Present State of the British Court", published in 1720,
The Knight Marshal was appointed by the Crown for life by letters patent under the great seal frequently in the form of grants in reversion. Board wages were fixed at £21 5s 10d in 1662. In 1685 a salary of £26 was provided. This was raised to £500 in 1790 but reduced to £271 in 1816.
The separate office of Knight Marischal exists in the Royal Household of Scotland, but has not been filled since 1863.
H.M.'s Marshalmen.
A token number of Marshalmen continued to be appointed even after the demise of the Marshalsea Court; they became honorary appointments within the Royal Household and were in attendance on the Sovereign on ceremonial occasions. Six King's Marshalmen took part in the 1937 Coronation procession; since when appointments to this office have ceased. The Marshalmen wore a distinctive uniform, consisting of a scarlet coat, blue trousers and a shako, and carried a baton engraved with the Royal Arms at one end, and at the other the coat of arms of the City of Westminster.
Sources.
The Database of Court Officers 1660-1837

</doc>
<doc id="20240051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240051" title="R366 road (Ireland)">
R366 road (Ireland)

The R366 road is a regional road in Ireland linking R362 regional road to the N63 national secondary road in Roscommon Town. It passes through the hamlets of Castlecoote and Fuerty en route.
The road is long and is located entirely in County Roscommon.

</doc>
<doc id="20240067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240067" title="After the Axe">
After the Axe

After the Axe is a 1982 Canadian drama film about executive firings, directed by Sturla Gunnarsson, nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. The film explores the experiences of managers getting fired and the emergence of a new industry specialized in handling such terminations. Despite its Oscar nomination in the documentary category, "After the Axe" is closer to a docufiction film, made with the cooperation of members of the Canadian business community, which provided locations and helped script scenes during filming. The film's protagonist, D.R. "Biff" Wilson, is a composite character based on the filmmakers' conversations with fired executives, while the other Canadian executives play themselves.
Plot.
Wilson, a senior marketing executive, is laid off from a food company after fifteen years of good service. Losing his status and security, he is relegated to the role of dependent house husband, resented by his children and shunned by former colleagues.

</doc>
<doc id="20240092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240092" title="Reactions to Kauhajoki school shooting">
Reactions to Kauhajoki school shooting

The response to the Kauhajoki school shooting, that occurred on 23 September 2008, was widespread. The shooting occurred at a vocational school in Kauhajoki, a city in Western Finland, in which 22-year-old culinary arts student Matti Juhani Saari shot and killed ten people before committing suicide. Eight students had been killed ten months before in the Jokela school shooting in southern Finland.
The Government of Finland held a crisis meeting, and declared a national day of mourning for September 24, with ministers agreeing that Finland's laws pertaining to gun ownership should be reviewed. Suggestions included introducing legislation to aid police officers in accessing information about the mental and physical health of applicants for firearms licenses, and the right to request further information if the applicant had a history of using medication. The question whether or not private persons should be allowed to own handguns was also raised.
The Finnish Police increased Internet surveillance, and investigated over 200 threats against schools. In November the police announced the increased surveillance had stopped a potential attack against a school.
At the affected college all lessons were cancelled for the remainder of the week, and classes were relocated to a temporary facility. The town's other schools remained open. A candlelight vigil was held near the school grounds on the day after the shooting, and Kauhajoki Church held a memorial service on the evening of September 23. The Finnish Red Cross announced that some of the proceeds from its annual fund drive would be contributed towards helping students and teachers affected by the incident.
Government.
After the incident a crisis meeting was held, with government ministers, chairs of the parliamentary groups, and police officials all in attendance. Prime Minister Matti Vanhanen described it as a "tragic day" and appealed for unity in the hope "that events like these will not happen again." A national day of mourning was declared for the following day, and Vanhanen travelled to Kauhajoki to meet with students.
After the meeting, Justice Minister Tuija Brax said that Finland's laws pertaining to gun ownership should be reviewed "as soon as possible", and Finance Minister Jyrki Katainen pledged government action. Neither specified what measures the government would be taking. Finland's population owned an averaged total of 2.9 million firearms within a population of 5.2 million people, and thus ranked as having the third highest gun ownership rate in the world, behind only the US and Yemen, according to a 2007 small arms survey carried out by the Graduate Institute of International Studies. The government had previously discussed raising the minimum age for owning a gun from 15 (with parental consent) to 18 after the Jokela High School shooting (Pekka-Eric Auvinen, the shooter in that incident, was aged 18), but no law regarding this had taken effect.
On this occasion, both President Tarja Halonen, and the Prime Minister said that a review was necessary, with Vanhanen suggesting that the time had come to question whether or not private persons should be allowed to own handguns, in particular automatic pistols (the kind used by Saari being a semi-automatic). He argued that Finland would only be bringing its laws into closer alignment with gun regulations the EU had set the previous summer. Halonen and Foreign Minister Alexander Stubb said that the government would discuss a divergence in policy between gun control for hunting rifles and handguns. Hunting remains a highly popular sport in Finland, and the Finnish Shooting Sport Federation executive director Risto Aarrekivi said that if people wanted to commit a crime such as this, they would gain access to a handgun regardless of the law. However, he did concede that allowing beginners to buy real firearms as their first guns should be reconsidered. 
Interior Minister Anne Holmlund, who had ordered the original investigation into the police officers' conduct in the Kauhajoki incident, said that legislation would be introduced to aid police officers in accessing information about the mental and physical health of applicants for firearms licenses. This included, potentially, the ability to gain detailed information about an applicant's health, the right to subpoena records from the Finnish Social Insurance Institution, and the right to request further information if the applicant had a history of using medication. In addition to this, Holmlund said that the referencing process for being granted a firearms license would be intensified: two referees would have to be personally interviewed before a license was granted. Holmlund also pointed to legislation of the EU as her starting point. Other reforms, that she said would be introduced as late as spring 2009, included a national register of gun owners. Parliamentary debates occurred on whether to raise the age at which one could own a gun, or whether to put further checks in place, in September 2009.
Despite these assurances that change would be forthcoming, Holmlund came under considerable pressure from some members of parliament, particularly those in the Left Alliance, to resign for not acting sooner. Leading the call for her deposition was Anneli Lapintie; Tarja Filatov, parliamentary group leader of the opposition Social Democratic Party of Finland (SDP) also questioned the government over what it had done since the Jokela incident. Vanhanen launched a defence of the government by saying that iniquiries were ongoing, even into the Jokela case. A survey by pollster Taloustutkimus for YLE showed that dissension towards Holmlund was not widespread: only a quarter of members from smaller parties felt she should step down, only 10% of SDP members (with 80% supporting her to stay on), and 90% of the government's partners wanted her to hold onto her ministry. Amongst the population, 82% felt she should continue.
Brax said that personal data protection legislation needed to be adjusted to allow a freer access to information among professionals. She said that this had impeded the investigation into the Jokela incident, and meant that people in the teaching profession were left unable to help students to some degree.
Police.
Police Chief Paatero said that he would support a blanket ban of semi-automatic pistols. Paatero, like Brax, announced a change in policy vis-à-vis information. It was announced the National Bureau of Investigation (KRP) would increase its Internet surveillance, entailing longer working days for KRP officers and more officers being assigned to the task of monitoring Internet activity. However, he said that scrutiny would not extend to private websites, as doing so would be like "looking for a needle in a haystack;" the KRP said its main policy when surveying the Internet was still to respond to tip-offs. Paatero faced opposition from police posts across the country, most of whom claimed that the resources allocated towards IT, and staffing, were insufficient.
Within days of the shooting, the police said they had received a sizeable number of tip-offs alerting the them to suspicious photographs, videos, and comments on chat rooms. In December the police announced that they had received over 200 threats in the months following the shooting. Finnish media reported that several bomb threats and other threatening messages were circulating among students nationwide in the few days after the shootings as well. Areas affected included Kajaani, Siikajoki, Rauma, Masku, Joroinen, and Liminka. Kauhajoki was not immune to this, and a police spokesman, Urpo Lintala, said that threats of a secondary incident (unspecified by police) were causing "fear and hysteria among young people." To help cope with threatening SMS messages circulating in the nearby town of Seinäjoki, an anonymous tip-line was set up by police. The threats of copycat incidents included:
The State Secretary and assistant to Vanhanen, Risto Volanen, said that attacks on schools could no longer be considered isolated incidents, and that police and security forces had to approach them with a new perspective in the aftermath of Kauhajoki. In December 2009, plans were announced to include an emergency SMS system in schools, more emergency exits, and better access to the architectural lay-out of school buildings for police. Each school is to undergo a risk assessment before the implementation of this plan.
In November 2008 the police announced their increased surveillance of the Internet had stopped a potential attack against a Finnish school. They did not specify which school was under threat, but revealed the suspect was receiving treatment.
Students and residents of Kauhajoki.
In the aftermath of the shootings, all lessons at the college were cancelled for the remainder of the week, and classes were relocated to a temporary facility the following Monday. The town's other schools remained open. A candlelight vigil was held near the school grounds on the day after the shooting, and Kauhajoki Church held a memorial service on the evening of September 23. A second memorial service, on September 28, the Sunday following the shootings, was held, with the President and students attending. Three members of the congregation lit a further eleven candles (one for each killed, including Saari) at the service. Leading the service was Bishop Simo Peura, who reflected on Finland's treatment of young people, asking the question, "What kind of society are we building?".
The Finnish Red Cross, which had been quick to descend upon the scene in the immediate aftermath, said that some of the proceeds from its annual fund drive, which began two days after the shootings, would be contributed towards helping students and teachers affected by the incident. This would include financial provisions for the ongoing counselling services being provided.
On the day after the killings, the head of the State Treasury, Pekka Syrjänen, said that students would be able to seek compensation from the state for physical and psychological damage caused by the shootings. This was in accordance with the Crime Damage Act, which also stipulated that payments were to be adjusted in relation to other forms of compensation that the students received. Claimants were able to apply if they had suffered a loss of earnings, pain and suffering, or damage or loss to personal belongings as a consequence of the attack. Relatives were also able to gain compensation for costs incurred whilst caring for those affected, or funeral or hospital bills.
The total compensation demanded by families of the victims came to 830,000 euros. Victims' families were also reported to want the police inspector who did not confiscate Saari's gun in the days before the shooting (Saari was interviewed in relation to his internet videos), who was charged with dereliction of duty, to be additionally charged with involuntary manslaughter.
Assessment of society.
A number of criticisms were made of Finnish society in response to the shootings. Bishop Peura asked whether the nation had been blind to young people's problems, and Juha Mieto, Centre Party member and Kauhajoki representative, said that societal "malaise" was due to a decline in traditional lifestyles, and lack of order. Psychologist Salli Saari, from the Helsinki University Central Hospital, said that the country had not responded adequately to calls after the Jokela incident that boys had been neglected within the schooling system. Matti Rimpelä, a professor of welfare in Helsinki, attributed the problems with young people to a lack of institutional support in schools and daycare, which had not been provided due to Finland's rapid change from being a predominantly rural country to a "post-industrial information society". Rimpelä and Jukka Mäkelä, a child psychologist at the National Research Development Centre for Welfare and Health in Helsinki, concurred that Finland had a cultural problem surrounding suicide, while daily newspaper "Helsingin Sanomat" wrote in an editorial that, "The Web cannot be held responsible for this, but you can certainly ask how much the Web feeds the dark side of human nature".
Other.
Like those in the police force, many in the medical profession were reluctant to abide by the new laws. From September 30, gun applicants had to hand in a medical health evaluation (certifying that they were mentally sound enough to bear arms), carried out by a doctor, to gain access to a weapon. The Finnish Medical Association opposed this on the grounds that doctors were already overburdened with work, and Basic Services Minister Paula Risikko suggested that more medical workers could be employed by police departments instead.

</doc>
<doc id="20240133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240133" title="Fan (river)">
Fan (river)

The Fan is a river in northern Albania. It is formed by the confluence of two source rivers: the Great Fan () and the Little Fan (). 
The Great Fan rises near Qafë-Mali in the Pukë District. It flows west through Fushë-Arrëz, then south through Gjegjan and to Rrëshen. 
The Little Fan rises in the municipality Fan in the northeastern part of the Mirditë District. It flows southwest through Orosh and to Rrëshen.
West of Rrëshen the two source rivers unite and the Fan continues west to Rubik, and then south until its outflow into the river Mat, east of Milot.

</doc>
<doc id="20240149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240149" title="Hamilton Ironworks">
Hamilton Ironworks

Hamilton Ironworks is last album by John Hartford, recorded before his death in 2001. Along with the Hartford Stringband, Hartford interprets 22 traditional fiddle tunes.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, critic Jesse Jarnow wrote "There are few concessions given to modernity, and, while bringing his own distinct voice to the tunes, Hartford is clearly aware of the historical stream he occupies, coming off as both a devoted scholar and respectful practitioner." John Lupton of Country Standard Time wrote the album "highlights the fact that he was primarily a fiddler, and a damn good one... while the acceptance of fiddle and banjo music has long been at the mercy of producers with little or no concept of the music's dynamics, Carlin demonstrates exceptionally that in the hands of someone who understands what the music's about, it equals anything Nashville or L.A. has to offer."
Track listing.
All tracks are Traditional.

</doc>
<doc id="20240151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240151" title="Dakut">
Dakut

Dakut is located in the province of Sulu, in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao, of the Philippines.
Physical Features.
Dakut is classified by Philippine volcanologists as a potentially active volcano, with an elevation of 474 meters.
Physical form and predominant rock type are not recorded.
Its tectonic setting is the Sulu Arc, an area of political unrest, with many understudied volcanic forms.

</doc>
<doc id="20240165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240165" title="Arboretum des Pouyouleix">
Arboretum des Pouyouleix

The Arboretum des Pouyouleix is a private arboretum specializing in oaks (Quercus) located in Saint-Jory-de-Chalais, Dordogne, Aquitaine, France, and open by appointment only. The arboretum was established on a site by Beatrice Chasse and Gerard Lionet in 2003. The arboretum received National Collection status for the genus Quercus in 2012. Today the collection comprises nearly 300 botanic species of oak, and is said to be one of the largest oak collections in France. 

</doc>
<doc id="20240172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20240172" title="Ben's Mill">
Ben's Mill

"Ben's Mill" is a 1982 American documentary film directed by Michel Chalufour and John Karol. The film portrays how the energy from the river is used to drive the multitudes of leather belts used to drive the various machines. The film focuses on the steps one man, Ben, uses to make one of his white pine watering tanks. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
