<doc id="20463664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463664" title="SM U-21 (Austria-Hungary)">
SM U-21 (Austria-Hungary)

SM "U-21 or U-XXI" was a or U-boat built for and operated by the Austro-Hungarian Navy () during the First World War. The design for "U-21" was based on submarines of the Royal Danish Navy's "Havmanden" class (three of which had been built in Austria-Hungary), and was largely obsolete by the beginning of the war.
"U-21" was just over long and was armed with two bow torpedo tubes, a deck gun, and a machine gun. Construction on "U-21" began in mid 1915 and the boat was launched in September 1916. After suffering damage during a diving trial in January 1917, "U-21" underwent seven months of repairs before her commissioning in August 1917.
The U-boat conducted patrols off the Albanian coast in October 1917, but experienced the failure of the seal on her main hatch. The repairs kept the boat out of action until June 1918. But in July a piston in her diesel engine broke, knocking the submarine out of the rest of the war. At the end of World War I, "U-21" was ceded to Italy as a war reparation and scrapped in 1920. "U-21" had no wartime successes.
Design and construction.
When it became apparent to the Austro-Hungarian Navy that the First World War would not be a short one, they moved to bolster their U-boat fleet by seizing the plans for the Danish "Havmanden" class submarines, three of which had been built at Whitehead & Co. in Fiume. Although the Austro-Hungarian Navy was not happy with the design, which was largely obsolete, it was the only design for which plans were available and which could be begun immediately in domestic shipyards. The Austro-Hungarian Navy unenthusiastically placed orders for "U-21" and her three sister boats on 27 March 1915.
"U-21" was one of two boats of the class to be built at the Pola Navy Yard. Due to demands by the Hungarian government, subcontracts for the class were divided between Hungarian and Austrian firms, and this politically expedient solution worsened technical problems with the design, resulting in numerous modifications and delays for the class in general.
"U-21" was an ocean-going submarine that displaced surfaced and submerged and was designed for a complement of 18. She was long with a beam of and a draft of . For propulsion, she featured a single shaft, a single diesel engine for surface running, and a single electric motor for submerged travel. She was capable of while surfaced and while submerged. Although there is no specific notation of a range for "U-21", the "Havmanden" class, upon which the "U-20" class was based, had a range of at , surfaced, and at submerged.
"U-21" was armed with two torpedo tubes located in the front and carried a complement of two torpedoes. She was also equipped with a 66 mm/26 (2.6 in) deck gun and an machine gun.
Service career.
"U-21" was launched on 15 August 1916, the first of the four "U-20"-class boats. During a diving trial in January 1917, the submarine was damaged when it sank too deep, requiring repairs that took place over the next seven months. "U-21" was commissioned on 15 August under the command of "Linienschiffsleutnant" Hugo von Seyffertitz. A 31-year-old native of Brixen, von Seyffertitz was a first-time U-boat commander.
Ten days after commissioning, "U-21" safely submerged to a depth of . However, her nose was dented when she hit bottom on another test dive in September, necessitating more repairs. On 29 September, von Seyffertitz steered the boat from the submarine base at Brioni to Cattaro, where she arrived on 1 October. On 4 October, "U-21" set out for a patrol off the coast of Albania, but had returned to Cattaro by mid October.
On 15 October, von Seyffertitz and "U-21" departed from Cattaro to begin their first Mediterranean deployment. Slated to sail into the Ionian Sea, "U-21" instead had to turn back the following day when the main hatch seal on the conning tower leaked and could not be repaired. After her 18 October return to Cattaro, she sailed for Pola, arriving on 24 October. There, she would undergo another lengthy stay in port for repairs. While "U-21" was under repair, von Seyffertitz was transferred to .
"Linenschiffleutnant" Robert Dürrial was assigned the new commander of "U-21" on 24 March 1918. The 26-year-old Galician had served as commander of for four months in 1917. Dürrial led "U-21" out of Pola on 1 June for Cattaro, making stops en route at Arbe and Novigrad for repairs to the gyrocompass.
On 16 July, while conducting patrols off the Albanian coast, a piston in "U-21"s diesel engine broke and Dürrial put in at Djenovic. On 25 July, "U-21" was towed to Pola, where she remained until the end of the war. She was ceded to Italy as a war reparation and scrapped in 1920. Like all of her sister boats, "U-21" had no wartime successes.

</doc>
<doc id="20463671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463671" title="Thockrington">
Thockrington

Thockrington is a village in Northumberland, England. The village lies about north of Hexham. 
Governance.
Thockrington is in the parliamentary constituency of Hexham.
Religious sites.
Thockrington church which stands so prominently on a spur of the Great Whin-Sill is one of the oldest churches in the county. The church is dedicated to St Aidan.
Here are buried several members of the ancient family of Shafto, the earliest mention of whom is in 1240. The Shaftos lived at Bavington until the eighteenth century when, as a result of their support of the Jacobite cause in 1715, their estates were confiscated by the Crown, and ultimately sold to a Delaval. The Shaftos had connections with the county of Durham and lived on their Durham estates until 1953, when Mr R. D. Shafto returned to Bavington Hall.
Landmarks.
A little over a mile south-west of the village are the ruins of Little Swinburne Tower, a fifteenth-century pele tower.

</doc>
<doc id="20463686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463686" title="Copa Petrobras Buenos Aires">
Copa Petrobras Buenos Aires

The Copa Petrobras Argentina is a tennis tournament held in Buenos Aires, Argentina since 2004. The event is part of the "challenger series and is played on outdoor clay courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20463689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463689" title="XHCHL-FM">
XHCHL-FM

XHCHL-FM also known as Beat 106.5, is a dance Top 40 station that serves the Monterrey Area. It offers a current-based mix of dance music, with Top 40 and R&B remixes, along with electronica and house music. It is the second Dance Contemporary radio station in Mexico, after sister station XHSON-FM/Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="20463693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463693" title="Languages of South Asia">
Languages of South Asia

South Asia is home to several hundred languages. Most languages spoken in India belong either to the Indo-European (ca. 74%), the Dravidian (ca. 24%), the Austroasiatic (Munda) (ca. 1.2%), or the Tibeto-Burman (ca. 0.6%) families, with some languages of the Himalayas still unclassified.
The SIL Ethnologue lists 415 living languages for India.
Overview.
Hindustani is the most widespread language of India. The Indian census takes the widest possible definition of "Hindi" as the broad variety of the Hindi languages. The native speakers of Hindi so defined account for 39% of Indians.
Indian English is recorded as the native language of 226,449 Indians in the 2001 census. English is the second "language of the Union" besides Hindi.
Thirteen languages account for more than 1% of Indian population each, and between themselves for over 95%; all of them are "scheduled languages of the constitution."
Scheduled languages spoken by less than 1% of Indians are Santali (0.64%), Manipuri (0.14%), Bodo (0.13%), Dogri (0.01%, spoken in Jammu and Kashmir). The largest language that is not "scheduled" is Bhili (0.95%), followed by Gondi (0.27%), Tulu (0.17%) and Kurukh (0.099%)
List by number of native speakers.
Ordered by number of speakers as first language. South Asian population in 2001 exhibited 19.4% of bilingualism and 7.2% of trilingualism, so that the total percentage of "native languages" is at about 127%.
More than one million speakers.
The 2001 census recorded 29 individual languages as having more than 1 million native speakers (0.1% of total population).
10,000 to 100,000 speakers.
The following are SIL Ethnologue estimates:

</doc>
<doc id="20463702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463702" title="Cradle of Genius">
Cradle of Genius

Cradle of Genius is a 1961 Irish short documentary film directed by Paul Rotha. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short. 

</doc>
<doc id="20463707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463707" title="The Iron Stair (1920 film)">
The Iron Stair (1920 film)

The Iron Stair is a 1920 British silent-era crime film directed by F. Martin Thornton from the novel The Iron Stair by Rita. It starred Reginald Fox and Madge Stuart. A subsequent adaptation of the same story The Iron Stair was made in 1933 directed by Leslie S. Hiscott.

</doc>
<doc id="20463714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463714" title="Josef Degeorgi">
Josef Degeorgi

Josef Degeorgi (born 19 January 1960) is a former international Austrian footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="20463718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463718" title="SOAPjr">
SOAPjr

SOAPjr is a protocol specification for exchanging structured information in the implementation of Web services in computer networks. It is a hybrid of SOAP and JSON-RPC (abbreviated as "jr" in this case).
Introduction.
SOAPjr is designed to create clean, fast, AJAX-style APIs and is analogous to the introduction of out of band signalling in the telephony world.
Traditional SOAP is no longer the Simple Object Access Protocol it was initially designed to be. It can be bloated and overly verbose, making it bandwidth-hungry and slow. It is also based on XML, making it expensive to parse and manipulate - especially on mobile or embedded clients. However, its core envelope/head/body design pattern is useful for AJAX style APIs.
SOAPjr uses a similar Envelope/Head/Body model, using lightweight and easier to manipulate JSON.
In contrast to SOAP, JSON-RPC is overly simplistic and basically tunnels HTTP GET-style key/value pairs within a query string using JSON. However, within JSON-RPC there is no head/body separation, leaving metadata to pollute the main data space.
SOAPjr combines the best of these two concepts and is designed to create modern AJAX APIs that can easily be used by mobile devices, embedded systems or desktop browsers.
See SOAPjr Specs for a more detailed description.
SOAPjr is an Open Source project with software released under the GPL and content under Creative Commons.
JSON-Schema definitions.
The following SOAPjr entities are defined as JSON-Schemas.
The latest versions can also be downloaded in a single file.
Common data models.
SOAPjr.org also aims to contribute to the creation of a common set of DMDs (Data Model Definitions) that may align with the JSON-schema proposal and Service Mapping Description Proposal so applications within specific domains can easily share data. The primary extension that SOAPjr may provide here is the use of consistent or standardised error codes.
Other resources that may inform this development are common data models utilised within microformats and RDF
Examples.
This is a basic request to view the jCard details for a single user (based on their username). This message would be passed in a request within the "json" parameter e.g.
This is a simple SOAPjr response with a HEAD.result that represents a success. The BODY contains a single jCard record. In a list "list" or "search" context this would contain an array of 0 or more jCard records.

</doc>
<doc id="20463725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463725" title="Alessandro Parisi (footballer born 1988)">
Alessandro Parisi (footballer born 1988)

Alessandro Parisi (born 21 September 1988 in Napoli, Italy) is an Italian footballer. He plays as a goalkeeper. He plays for Italian Lega Pro Seconda Divisione team Catanzaro.

</doc>
<doc id="20463732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463732" title="Woodhorn">
Woodhorn

Woodhorn is a village in Northumberland, England about east of Ashington. The village is sometimes identified with Wucestre, given to St Cuthbert by King Ceolwulf when he gave up his throne in 737 to become a monk at Lindisfarne. A medieval bell at Woodhorn, inscribed "Ave Maria", is said to be one of the oldest in existence.
Economy.
The main employment was at the coal mine. The mine has since closed and the site has been landscaped incorporating a lake and known as Queen Elizabeth II Country Park. Some of the mine buildings have been retained and are used as a visitor centre.
Landmarks.
Woodhorn Colliery Museum is situated in a country park with a lake. With sound effects, models, paintings, working machinery etc, the museum gives an insight into life in a local coal mining community.
The site of the old pit is now the location for Northumberland Record Office, a purpose built building having been constructed to replace the two previous buildings at Morpeth and Gosforth.
Religious sites.
The church is dedicated to St Mary.

</doc>
<doc id="20463735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463735" title="Nino Zec">
Nino Zec

Ninoslav "Nino" Zec (born 7 July 1949 in Miloševo) is a retired Yugoslavian professional footballer who played as midfielder or striker.
Career.
Zec began his professional career in 1968 with OFK Beograd. In 1978, Zec moved to the United States to play in the NASL, signing with the Tulsa Roughnecks. He moved to the Atlanta Chiefs in 1979 and was traded to the Houston Hurricane during the season. In 1980, the league terminated the Houston franchise and in December 1980 the Jacksonville Tea Men signed Zec. In 1983, the Tea Men moved to the American Soccer League. Zec spent the 1983 season with the Tea Men in the ASL. When the ASL collapsed at the end of the season, Zec and his team mates moved to the United Soccer League. He also played six games for the Pittsburgh Spirit during the 1979-1980 Major Indoor Soccer League season. He played another three games for the Tulsa Roughnecks during the 1983-1984 NASL indoor season.
He currently lives in Florida where he owns a flooring business.

</doc>
<doc id="20463738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463738" title="Norman Gym (Gainesville, Florida)">
Norman Gym (Gainesville, Florida)

The James W. Norman Gym is a historic building on the campus of the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, United States. The facility was designed by Rudolph Weaver and built in 1932. It is located on U.S. Route 441, near the southwest corner of Southwest 3rd Avenue and 12th Street in Gainesville.

</doc>
<doc id="20463747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463747" title="Patricia Marand">
Patricia Marand

Patricia Marand (January 25, 1934 – November 27, 2008) was an American actress and singer, best known for roles in musical theatre. She was nominated for a 1966 Tony Award for her part as Lois Lane in the musical "It's a Bird...It's a Plane...It's Superman". She also appeared in the 1952 musical "Wish You Were Here". She was a regular on "The Merv Griffin Show".
Life and career.
Marand, was born in Brooklyn, New York and grew up in New York City, the daughter of Patrick and Justine Marandino. Her birth name was Patricia Marandino, and she had a brother Robert.
She made her Broadway debut in "South Pacific" as a replacement for Lt. Genevieve Marshall. She then starred as Teddy Stern in the 1952 musical "Wish You Were Here", opposite Jack Cassidy. She was back on Broadway in "The Pajama Game" in 1955 as a replacement in the role of Brenda. She was nominated for the Tony Award in 1966 as Lois Lane in the Hal Prince-directed Broadway production of "It's a Bird...It's a Plane...It's Superman", composed by Charles Strouse. The press called her "A statuesque, red haired beauty with an unforgettable rich, smooth and melodic soprano voice, Marand’s iconic performances epitomized legendary Broadway theatre with memorable grace and style."
A regular in summer stock, she toured in 1981, starring opposite Yul Brynner, as Anna in "The King and I". In other stage roles, she played Aldonza in "Man of La Mancha" opposite Alfred Drake and had leading roles in "Kiss Me, Kate", "Guys & Dolls", "Oklahoma!" and "Kismet", among others. She was a regular on "The Merv Griffin Show" and appeared as a guest several times on "The Ed Sullivan Show" and "The Johnny Carson Show". She also sang in concerts with the Chicago, Cleveland, Pittsburgh, New Haven and Minneapolis Symphonies, and sang in long-running engagements at supper clubs at such venues as New York's Pierre and St. Regis Hotels. She guest starred as Helen Barone in "The Sopranos" (2000).
Marand married lawyer Irving Salem in 1984 and died in 2008 at the age of 74, in New York City, from brain cancer. She is buried at Greenwood Union Cemetery in Harrison, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20463757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463757" title="Mickey Mouse March">
Mickey Mouse March

(The) Mickey Mouse (Club) March, is the opening theme for the "The Mickey Mouse Club" TV show, broadcast weekday afternoons in the US from October 1955 to 1959, on the ABC television network. ("Who’s the leader of the Club that’s made for you and me? M-I-C-- K-E-Y-- M-O-U-S-E!") The song is reprised with the slower "it's time to say goodbye" verse, at the end of each episode. The song remains popular as a children's music standard, and is Mickey Mouse's official theme. In the show's opening the song is partially performed by the mute title character Dumbo and Jiminy Cricket.
The song was written by the Mickey Mouse Club host Jimmie Dodd. It was published by Hal Leonard Corporation, July 1, 1955. Dodd wrote other songs used over the course of the series. Dodd was a guitarist and musician hired by Walt Disney as a songwriter. Dodd also wrote the “theme day” songs accompanying it on the show.
Mannheim Steamroller covered the song as the final track on the 1999 album, "Mannheim Steamroller Meets the Mouse".
The song was also covered by Andrew W.K. on the Japanese only release "Mosh Pit On Disney".
The song is used in Stanley Kubrick's "Full Metal Jacket". American troops sing it as they march at the Battle of Huế.

</doc>
<doc id="20463769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463769" title="Fierza Reservoir">
Fierza Reservoir

The Fierza Reservoir () is a reservoir in Albania and Kosovo. The Drin River and parts of the White Drin and Black Drin also runs through the reservoir. The size of the lake is 73 km², of which 2.46 km² belong to Kosovo. It is 70 km long and has a depth of 128 m. In the Albanian side of the lake there are many canyons and some small islands. The dam is 167m tall.
The reservoir was formed as a result of the construction of the Fierza Hydroelectric Power Station in 1978 by the Albanian government.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="20463770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463770" title="Double Dealing">
Double Dealing

Double Dealing may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20463773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463773" title="Iberger Kugel">
Iberger Kugel

The Iberger Kugel is a 1,013 meters high mountain in the Allgäu, located seven kilometers southeast of Isny im Allgäu.
A transmitter on top of the mountain transmits the radio stations Radio 7 on FM 105.0 and Radio Seefunk on FM 103.9.

</doc>
<doc id="20463779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463779" title="2009 Grand Slam of Darts">
2009 Grand Slam of Darts

The 2009 Grand Slam of Darts was the third staging of the darts tournament, the Grand Slam of Darts organised by the Professional Darts Corporation. The event took place from 14–22 November 2009 at the Wolverhampton Civic Hall. Television coverage of the tournament was covered by ITV Sport, with live coverage on ITV4 and highlights on ITV1. Despite being beaten by Vincent van der Voort in the group stages, Phil Taylor won a third consecutive Grand Slam with a 16–2 victory over Scott Waites.
Prize money.
The prize fund increased to £400,000 for the 2009 edition of the tournament, an increase of £44,000 from the 2008 edition, £10,000 more for the runner up, £5,000 more for the semi finalists and £2,500 more for the quarter finalists. Players who failed to make it past the group stage in the last tournament got £4,000. However, players who finished 3rd would earn £1,000 more but players who finished bottom of a group would get £1,500 less. Also the player with the highest checkout would not be rewarded. Instead, the group winners would earn £2,500.
Qualifying.
There were numerous tournaments that provided qualifying opportunities to players. Most tournaments offered a qualifying position for the winner and runner-up of the tournament, however the World Championships and the Grand Slams offers a place in the tournament to all semi-finalists. There are also various other ways of qualifying for overseas players, including those from Australia and the United States of America, as well as a wildcard qualifying event open to any darts player. Some minor changes were made to the qualifying criteria from 2008. The winner and the runner-up of the 2009 would be invited, whilst it was announced that only the winner of the 2008 Winmau World Masters would be invited (though runner-up Scott Waites was invited anyway due to the withdrawal of Martin Adams). It was also announced that the winner of the 2009 US Open would be invited, though this was later withdrawn from the qualification criteria.
Qualifying tournaments.
Players in italics had pre-qualified for the event.
BDO.
Note: Players in "italics" had already qualified for the tournament.<br>
Other Methods of Qualification.
A invitation to compete in the 2009 Grand Slam of Darts was also awarded to:
Dart Players Australia Qualifier.
Simon Whitlock topped the Dart Players Australia Order of Merit, but had already secured his place in the Grand Slam as the 2008 BDO World Championship runner-up. Steve Macarthur, who came second, was not awarded an invitation.
PDC North American Order of Merit.
The PDC North American Order of Merit ranks all of the North American dart players based on the amount of prize money that they have won from tournaments held in the USA and Canada.
Darin Young won £4,725 from PDC tournaments in North America, meaning he topped the North American Order of Merit and was awarded a place in the 2009 Grand Slam of Darts.
European Order of Merit.
The European Order of Merit ranks all the European dart players based on the amount of prize money that they have won from tournaments held in continental Europe.
Vincent van der Voort won £7,600 from PDC tournaments in continental Europe, meaning he topped the European Order of Merit and was awarded a place in the 2009 Grand Slam of Darts.
ITV Wildcard Qualifier.
The ITV Wildcard qualifier was held on 6 November 2009 at the Magnum Centre in Irvine, Scotland. Any darts player was able to enter and the winner received an invitation to the 2009 Grand Slam of Darts.
Steve Maish was the winner of the event, defeating Arron Monk in the final to secure the final place in the 2009 Grand Slam of Darts.
Qualified Players.
The 32 qualified players were:
Draw and results.
Group Stages.
"all matches first-to-5/best of 9.<br>
NB: P = Played; W = Won; L = Lost; LF = Legs For; LA = Legs Against; +/- = Plus/Minus Record, in relation to legs; Average – 3-dart average; Pts = Points"
Group H.
Nine dart shootout.
With Andy Hamilton and James Wade finishing level on points and leg difference, a nine-dart shootout between the two took place, to see who would play Terry Jenkins in the second round. The match took place after the conclusion of the group stages. The shootout occurred exactly one year to the day after a similar situation at the 2008 Grand Slam of Darts where Hamilton beat Alan Tabern.

</doc>
<doc id="20463803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463803" title="Kahl (film)">
Kahl (film)

Kahl is a 1961 West German short documentary film about the Kahl Nuclear Power Plant. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20463809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463809" title="Tharu languages">
Tharu languages

The Tharu () or Tharuhati () languages are spoken by the Tharu people of the Inner and Outer Terai of Nepal, and of neighboring parts of the states of Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh and Bihar in India. 
The Tharu have lived long enough in lands rendered marshy and intensely malarial by rivers and groundwater percolating out of the Siwalik foothills to have evolved resistance enough to live where most ethnic groups could not before the arrival of quinine and DDT. Thus the Tharu may already have been in place before the first Indo-Aryan incursions more than three thousand years ago, or even before the population of the higher hills to the north by Tibeto-Burman peoples. Nevertheless the surviving Tharu dialects are strictly Indo-Aryan languages without known remnants of anything more ancient.
Dialects spoken west of the Gandaki River are called Dangaura ("Chaudary"), Kathoriya, Rana, and Buksa are mutually intelligible apart from their geographic extremes, and are spoken by about 1.3 million. Sonha is largely mutually intelligible with Dangauru. 
Just east of the Gandaki Chitwania ("Nawalparasi") has a quarter million speakers in and around Chitwan Valley. In eastern Nepal Kochila is also spoken by a quarter million. Kochila is dialectically diverse, but the dialects are only recorded according to the name of the local district. Many ethnic Kochila have adopted Maithili.
On the ground, it becomes more difficult to say exactly what a given person speaks. Tharu languages form a dialect continuum so nearby villages have no difficulty understanding each other, even if they may be formally assigned different dialects. With greater separation distance, communication becomes more difficult even within the same nominal dialect. 
Tharu languages also exist in continuum with adjacent Indo-Aryan languages. In the west, Tharuhati intermingles with Hindi languages particularly Awadhi. East of the Gandaki Tharuhati intermingles with Bihari languages Bhojpuri, then Maithili further east. 

</doc>
<doc id="20463816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463816" title="Renato Cila">
Renato Cila

Renato Cila is a retired Brazilian professional soccer defender who played in both the North American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League.
Cila signed with Corinthians when he was 17. He also played for Atletico Madrid, and Espinho before moving to Toronto and Montreal to play for teams in the Canadian Soccer League. In 1978, Cila signed with the New York Arrows of the Major Indoor Soccer League. At the time, most of the Arrows also played for the Rochester Lancers of the North American Soccer League and Cila joined the Lancers for the 1979 outdoor season. On July 15, 1980, the New England Tea Men purchased Cila's contract from the Lancers then released him at the end of the season. In April 1981, Cila was given a league record fine of $5,000 and a thirteen game suspension for striking an official during an Arrows playoff game. In 1982, the Baltimore Blast signed Cila, but he was back with the Arrows for the 1983-1984 season.
His son is former Major League Soccer player Jordan Cila.

</doc>
<doc id="20463844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463844" title="Monroe County District Library, Woodsfield, Ohio">
Monroe County District Library, Woodsfield, Ohio

The Monroe County District Library is a small rural public library in Woodsfield, Ohio, serving a population of 15,180. 
The library’s mission statement is as follows: It is the purpose of the Monroe County District Library to create a physical and psychological environment, which is inviting to patrons of all age groups and station and to provide those patrons with the most comprehensive library service possible within the limitations of funds available for service. The Library strives to meet the informational, cultural, educational, recreational, and general needs of the community it serves, and to provide materials that will enable patrons to make intelligent judgments in daily life. To achieve these objectives through the communication of ideas, the library assembles, preserves, and disseminates books, other information media, and related educational and recreational materials such as films.
The library board consists of 7 members who have their regular meeting on the second Tuesday of every month. 9 employees work at the library.
Monroe County Library is a member of SEO, one of the largest Dynix cooperatives in the United States.
Library services.
The library’s collection consists of the following:
If any item is not available, users can also request material from other libraries via Interlibrary loan (ILL). 
All residents of Ohio are eligible to get a library card. Monroe County Library has approximately 8,000 card holders.
The library has many other services, most of them free:
Laminator, FAX Service, Copier, Projectors (including LCD, Slide, 16 mm, Overhead), Meeting Room for Rent, Gazebo for Rent, Story Time Programs, Other Various Programs, Tax Forms, Ebooks, Reference, Internet capable computers, WiFi, Genealogy and local history information, Online public access catalog, & Online Databases.
Ohio public library funding.
The first financial support of public libraries in Ohio began in 1933 when libraries received revenue from the intangible personal property tax. The intangibles tax was levied on individuals’ holdings of stock and bonds. The revenue was collected in the county of origin and was distributed to libraries based on need.
In 1983, the Ohio General Assembly repealed the intangibles tax and replaced it with the Library and Local Government Support Fund or LLGSF. An amount of the personal income tax equaling 6.3% of Ohio’s personal income tax receipts were earmarked for the LLGSF. This funding was divided using an equalization formula so that underserved areas would receive a guaranteed share.
In 1993, the General Assembly passed legislation reducing the LLGSF from 6.3% to 5.7% of personal income tax. It remained at that level until the 2002-2003 biennium budget called for the funding to be frozen at the same level as July 2000 through June 2001. This was the beginning of a funding freeze which lasted through December 2007.
Beginning with January 2008 distributions, a new funding source was developed. This fund named the Public Library Fund or PLF is 2.22% of the state’s total general tax revenue.

</doc>
<doc id="20463846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463846" title="Double Dealing (1932 film)">
Double Dealing (1932 film)

Double Dealing is a 1932 British film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Richard Cooper, Frank Pettingell and Zoe Palmer.

</doc>
<doc id="20463859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463859" title="Martin Leonard">
Martin Leonard

Martin Patrick Grainge Leonard DSO was an Anglican suffragan bishop from 1953 until his death. 
He was born at Torpenhow, near Cockermouth, Cumberland on 5 July 1889 and educated at Rossall, Fleetwood, Lancashire and Oriel College, Oxford before embarking on an ecclesiastical career with service as a World War I chaplain. He then occupied a similar post at Cheltenham College after which he spent 14 years with the Toc H organisation. Subsequently Rector of Hatfield, Rural Dean of Hertford and Provost of St Mary's Cathedral, Glasgow and finally Bishop of Thetford, he was a lifelong supporter of the Boy Scout movement.
He died on 21 July 1963.
Category: Deaths

</doc>
<doc id="20463864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463864" title="Big FM">
Big FM

Big FM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20463871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463871" title="The Man in Gray">
The Man in Gray

The Man in Gray () is a 1961 Italian short documentary film produced by Benedetto Benedetti. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20463874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463874" title="United States elections, 2000">
United States elections, 2000

On November 7, 2000, the United States had a general election.
__TOC__
President.
George W. Bush ran against Al Gore and was elected to a first term.
United States House of Representatives.
Republicans lost two seats in the House, while Democrats gained 1 seat and 1 independent, Virgil Goode, was elected.
United States Senate.
The 33 seats in the United States Senate Class 1 were up for election plus one special election. The Senate became split 50-50 until 2001 when Senator Jim Jeffords left the Republican Party and caucused with the Democrats. 

</doc>
<doc id="20463895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463895" title="Wilber-Clatonia High School">
Wilber-Clatonia High School

Wilber-Clatonia High School is located in Wilber, Nebraska. It was founded in 1970 when Wilber High School and Clatonia High School consolidated, forming the Wilber-Clatonia Public School District, which has 530 students (K-12). The high school enrollment is approximately 258 students (grades 7-12). Their rival in sports is Tri-County. The school won the Class C State Championship in Girls Basketball in 1983, finishing 27-0 in the season. The 1997-98 wrestling team finished the dual season comprising a record of 6-0-1, the lone tie coming to Lincoln Christian. The school colors are green and white and the mascot is the wolverine. The Wilber girls basketball team almost beat the consecutive losing record.
The Wilber-Clatonia Public School District is a consolidated system located in Saline and Gage counties and covers an area of . It has an assessed valuation of $225,842,971 and provides education to 530 students kindergarten through grade 12. A $6,125,000 bond passage passed August 2003 provided for the construction of a Pre-Kindergarten to 6th grade classroom facility with a library, computer lab, and gymnasium. The bond issue also provides for a new running track.
History.
The first class to graduate from Wilber High School was in 1886. A new high school building was built around 1910. In 1930 a new high school building was built to the east of the old building and the old high school was used for elementary classes. When the new school district was formed in 1970, a new high school building was built on south Franklin street. The older school building to the west was torn down and became playground area. The 1930 high school then became the elementary school providing facilities for the students in the city and students now attending in town because many of the rural school districts were closed as part of the consolidation. In 2005 the elementary school was added to the existing high school and the 1930 building was torn down.

</doc>
<doc id="20463912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463912" title="Kurt Kuykendall">
Kurt Kuykendall

Kurt Kuykendall is a retired American soccer Goalkeeper who played professionally in the North American Soccer League.
Kuykendall attended American University where he was a 1973 Honorable Mention (third team) All American soccer player. He was inducted into the American University Eagles Hall of Fame in 1996. In 1974, the Washington Diplomats selected Kuykendall in the first round (second overall) of the North American Soccer League draft. In 1975, he moved to the New York Cosmos for two seasons. He finished his professional career with one game with the Rochester Lancers in 1979 as a replacement goalkeeper when the NASL players went on strike.
All five of his children – Kris, Shawn, Jason, Jaime and Samantha – play soccer.
"For the Glory", a feature film based on Kurt's career, is scheduled for release in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20463917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463917" title="Jorge González Camarena">
Jorge González Camarena

Jorge González Camarena (24 March 1908 – 24 May 1980) was a prominent painter, muralist and sculptor. He is best known for his mural work, as part of the Mexican muralism movement, although his work is distinct from the main names associated with it (Rivera, Orozco and Siqueiros). His major works include the mural on the main administration building of the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Studies and a mural created for the Universidad de Concepción in Chile. He also created easel works, one of which, La Patria, was well known in Mexico as it was used on the cover of free textbooks from the 1960s into the 1970s. Recognitions for his work include the Premio Nacional de Arte, membership in the Academia de Artes and the Ordine al Merito della Repubblica Italiana, grade Commendatore from the Italian government.
Life.
González Camarena was born in Guadalajara to Arturo González and Sara Camarena, both of whom were originally from Arandas. His was an artistic and cultural family as his father was a photographer. He had seven siblings, and his brother Guillermo invented the color television set. From childhood, Jorge showed interest in art. When he visited his aunt Esther, he spent long hours watching her paint while the other children ran in the garden. This inspired him to not only draw, but to also create works in pumice stone, pebbles and clay. He also created his own comic strip called Los Chiquinitos, which he sold to classmates.
In 1919, he moved to Mexico City with his family, where he began drawing lessons with a painter named Francisco Zeteno. Seeing González Camarena’s talent, the teacher suggested enrolling him in the Academy of San Carlos. González Camarena entered the school at age fifteen, just after his father died and his family was taken in by his grandparents.
He studied at the Academy intermittently from 1922 to 1930. He was interested in both traditional academic painting and newer trends that were forming. At this time, there was an anti-academic feeling among many younger painters. One result was the establishment of alternate schools called “open air schools” that focused on spontaneity, light and everyday topics and González studied at one of these schools as well. Another effect was the establishment of a student movement at the Academy of San Carlos to modernize its teaching and to bring Diego Rivera to teach at the institution. During his school years, his principle teachers included Mateo Herrera and Francisco Díaz de León, working in various media such as fresco, oil on fabric, vinylite, ship paint, tempera, mosaics and ceramics.
González Camarena began his career before leaving school, working with Dr. Atl. In 1930, Dr. Atl gave him his own studio on top of the former monastery of San Juan de Letrán. Here he not only painted but also researched music and led discussions on the arts.
In 1934, he married Jeannie Barré de Saint-Leu with whom he had four children. His new familial responsibilities pushed him to find more work, leading to contacts that began his career as a muralist. His family life affected his painting with his children and even his dog appearing in his artwork.
During González Camarena’s career he was also involved in a number of social causes. During his stay in Veracruz to paint a mural, he became involved in an effort in 1953 to save and restore the then crumbling San Juan de Ulúa fort, which was set to be destroyed to build new warehouses and a dock. In 1966 he became a formal member of the Seminario de Cultura Mexicana. In 1979, he participated in the IX Congress of the Association of Artists of UNESCO in Stuttgart, Germany.
González Camarena died in 1980 of a brain hemorrhage. His funeral was at the Palacio de Bellas Artes as a national homage and buried at the family crypt in the Panteón de Dolores. The government has suggested that the body be moved to the Rotunda de Personas Ilustres, but the family has refused. There was a dispute for the remaining paintings in the artist’s possession at the time of his death. His will stated they should be distribute among family members but this was challenged on court by critic Antonio Luna Arroyo, who even involved UNAM over the disposition of twenty two paintings.
Career.
González Camarena began his career working as an assistant to Dr. Atl, coloring the images of church in the book Las iglesias de México. Dr. Atl became one of González Camarena’s mentors until his death.
After he finished with school, González Camarena first became noted for his work in publicity. In 1929, at age 21, he worked writing and drawing for publications such as Revista de Revistas and Nuestro México. He also worked into the 1930s creating images for calendar for the Editorial Casa Galas, along with calendars for Cemento Cruz Azul.
In 1933, painter Jorge Enciso, then director of the Dirección de Monumentos Coloniales, commissioned him to restore the 16th-century frescos on the walls of the former monastery of Huejotzingo, Puebla. The project took two years and the project made him sensitive to the area’s indigenous people and Mesoamerican art. He used some of the money he earned from the project to research indigenous painters, especially Marcos Cipactli, identifying him not only as one of the contributors to the original Huejotzingo work but also as the painter of the original image of the Virgin of Guadalupe. The latter assertion caused him some controversy. He also did a study on the presence of demon and devil images in Mexican art and folklore.
González Camarena began creating mural works in 1939, with twenty six of the works still remaining. The first was created in the town of Zimapan, Hidalgo at the Hotel Fundación called Alegoría de Zimapán. At the time, the town was a crossroads for traffic between Tamaulipas and Nuevo León, but a new highway changed that later. The hotel was abandoned but the mural remains in good condition.
His second mural was a pair of oil an wax panels on stone for the Guardiola Building in 1941 called La vida, la mujer y el hombre (Live, woman and man), commissioned by friend and colleague Carlos Obregón Santacilia. The work was controversial because the images of the man and woman were nudes, considered immoral by the bankers that sponsored the work. As a response, González Camarena founded the first Mexican Nudist Society to promote the use of nudes in artwork. The work remained on the building until 1957, when the earthquake of that year caused damage to the piece, and instead of being rescued, it was demolished. In response, muralists from Mexico and other countries founded the Commission of Mural Painting of INBA to protect murals and other art under censorship threat. INBA also proposed that González Camarena replace the work with a mural at the Palacio de Bellas Artes. This resulted in a mural called Liberación de la humanidad, finished in 1963.
Other of González Camarena’s early murals include Águila en Vuelo for the Banco de México building in Veracruz and the La Purísma Church.
In 1950 and 1951 he created murals and sculptures for the Instituto Mexicano de Seguro Social building on Paseo de la Reforma in Mexico City. The mural is done in vinylite, and is accompanied by two groups of sculptures called El Trabajo and Maternidad. He worked on this project with architect Obregón Santacila, with whom he also founded a movement called Artistic Integration, with the aim of strengthening ties between builders and artists on architectural projects.
In 1954, the founder of the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Studies, Eugenio Garza Sada, commissioned González Camarena to create a mural for what is now the main administration building for the university system. The project consisted of applying Italian mosaic on a relief. This project had him spent much time in Monterrey, and become involved in the artist community there, leading to the creation of the Arte, A.C. cultural group. This mural remains today as a symbol of the institution, even reproduced on class rings.
In 1959 Emilio Azcárraga Vidaurreta commissioned him to decorate the facade of Televicentro, today Televisa, resulting in a 900m² mural called Frisos de la television. This outside wall was later damaged, requiring the building to be remodeled.
In 1965, he was commissioned by the Mexican government to create a mural for the city of Concepción, Chile, even though the project was threatened by a boycott by artists affiliated with the Generación de la Ruptura. The resulting mural was a gift to the people of that region in southern Chile who had suffered a major earthquake in 1960. The resulting work was 300m² on a wall of the Casa de la Cultura José Clemente Orozco at the Universidad de Concepción. For the university’s 75th anniversary, the image was reproduced on a Chilean stamp and in 1996, it was named the most beautiful mural in the world at an event in Vienna . The work was damaged during another earthquake, this time in 2010, but restored in 2012 in a joint Mexican-Chilean effort.
Other notable murals during González Camarena’s career include La erupción de Xitle (an oil/wax work) at the Cuicuilco site. Monumento a la Independencia in Dolores Hidalgo, Belisario Dominguez at the Mexican Senate and Las Razas at the Museo Nacional de Antropología e Historia, which was used on a Mexican stamp in 1992 to commemorate the 500th anniversary of Columbus´s arrival to the Americas. His last mural was created in 1978, two years before his death and called Trilogía de Saltillo, in the municipal building of Saltillo, Coahuila. 
While best known for his mural work, González Camarena also produced over 2,000 easel work and some sculpture. His best known work of this type is La Patria, an image of a woman with national symbols to represent the country of Mexico. It is well known because from the 1960s into the 1970s, this image was used on the cover of free textbooks produced by the Secretaría de Educación Pública. These include over 350 titles totaling over 523 million copies. The image has reappeared sporadically on books produced by the government entity since. At the end of the 1970s, the Mexican government commissioned him to create a painting for the Bulgarian people of Saint George. He was invited to Bulgaria to unveil the painting. In appreciation, the Bulgarian government sponsored a European tour of Gonzalez Camarena’s work which ended up in the Museo de Arte Moderno in New York. Most of his easel work is in the hands of private collectors in both Mexico and abroad. These include the Museo Soumaya, the collection of the Carso Foundation, the collection of José López Portillo and the estate of Henry Ford. Some are in the Museo de Arte Moderno. Very little of the artist’s work are in the family as the rest were sold. 
By the 1940s, González Camarena’s work began to draw serious attention from art critics and win awards. In 1966 the Palacio de Bellas Artes organized and anthological exhibition in his honor. In 1967, he received the Order of Merit, grade Commendatore from the Italian government for a portrait of Michelangelo he created for the Italian artist’s house in Caprese. He received the Premio Nacaional de Artes in 1970 and in 1972 was accepted as a member of the Academia de Artes. He was also a member of the Asociación Mexicana de Artes Plásticas and the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana. For the 100th anniversary of his birth in 2008, institutions such as the Museo Soumaya, the Instituto Politécnical Nacional, the Mexican Senate and the Instituto Mexicano de Seguro Social held exhibitions and homage to his work and life.
Artistry.
González Camarena was a major figure in the Mexican muralism movement. His work was distinguished early through his use of clear lines and texture. He worked with various styles, textures and techniques, ranging from Surrealism to Cubism to Magical Realism, and most of his paintings contains social and mystical motifs. As a painter, he is best known for his depictions of people, especially portraits of women. In the last year of his life, he painted a work called Las razas. This work contains images of four women, Asian, African, European and Native American.
In the med 1930s, he developed his own personal method of composition which he called “cuadratismo” or “harmonic geometry.” It was developed from this work with the Huejotzingo restoration project, drawing from Mesoamerican and early colonial mural painting. From then on, it was the main guide for the compositions of his work. Mauricio Gómez Mayorga stated that “His faith in geometry and form, that is, in space and matter, make him a constructor, a builder of plane and mass.” 
Although part of the Mexican muralist movement, his work is distinct from the three main names associated with it (Rivera, Orozco and Siqueiros). His pre-1949 work was different from that of others in the Mexican muralism movement as they did not deal with topics related to the Mexican Revolution the rescue of Mexico’s past or the struggle for social equality. Although Diego Rivera called him “the most Mexican of all,” José Clemente Orozco did not like his preference for archeology and Mexico’s past, feeling that Gonzalez Camarena squandered his talent by not expressing what he felt. 
However, González Camarena began to conform to more of the movement’s social and political themes starting in 1949, when he painted the work La vida y la industria for the Cervecería Modelo brewery in Mexico City. Here did incorporate elements common to Mexican muralism by representing the preparation of beer in a Mesoamerican scene. In the interpretation of Mexican history, Gonzalez Camarena believed that neither the country’s indigenous or Spanish cultural background should be denigrated in favor of the other. He also believed that the Mexican Revolution should be honored by working towards social justice. In the work Cristo en la Cruz, the face of Christ has indigenous characteristics. He gave his depictions of Mesoamerican deities mythological qualities similar to the treatment of ancient Greek gods. The Monterrey Institute mural represents the triumph of civilization and culture over the forces of stagnation, apathy and darkness, with the first represented by Quetzalcoatl and the latter by Tezcatlipoca.
He also created portraits and self-portraits. Notable examples of these include those of his sister Susana, Francisco Díaz de León, Rosa Luz Alegría and Guillermo Soberón. In his self-portraits, his eyeglasses generally dominate the composition.

</doc>
<doc id="20463919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463919" title="Tolbert Hall (Gainesville, Florida)">
Tolbert Hall (Gainesville, Florida)

Benjamin A. Tolbert Hall built in 1950 is a historic building on the campus of the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, in the United States. It was designed by Guy Fulton in a modified Collegiate Gothic style to house the Faculty-in-Residence Community. It is named for Benjamin Tolbert, who served as dean of the students from 1928 - 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="20463927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463927" title="J. M. G. Le Clézio bibliography">
J. M. G. Le Clézio bibliography

This is a list of works by J. M. G. Le Clézio, the French Nobel Laureate.
Short stories.
La Fièvre.
Translated by Daphne Woodward in 1966 as "The Fever"
La ronde et autres faits divers.
"La ronde et autres faits divers" was translated into English as "The Round & Other Cold Hard Facts" by C. Dickson.
Collection translations.
Relation de Michoacan.
Translation of "Relación de Michoacan" from medieval Spanish into French. This codex,copied in the years 1539-1540, contains the narration of a Franciscan monk,whom the American historian Dr. Benedict Warren identified as Fray Gerónimo de Alcalá.

</doc>
<doc id="20463938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463938" title="Beaudesert railway line">
Beaudesert railway line

The Beaudesert railway line is a disused branch railway in South East Queensland, Australia.
Overview.
The 43-kilometre-long line branches off the Beenleigh Line at a triangular junction immediately south of Bethania station 35 km south of Brisbane, then progresses generally south-west to Jimboomba and then generally south to its terminus at Beaudesert.
History.
In 1877, there was a suggestion that a line should be built from Wacol to Logan Village, Beaudesert and Tamrookum. A trial survey was taken around 1881 with the route from Goodna. This would have entitled 1 in 30 grades and would have been the steepest grades on the QGR system at the time. It would have also resulted in building another bridge over the Logan River. The line as built had the advantage of it being a shorter distance of new construction and avoided building another bridge over the Logan River. The section from Bethania to Logan Village was opened on 21 September 1885. The Logan Village to Beaudesert section was then opened on 16 May 1888. Trains hauled mixed loads until 1929. In 1961, the Beaudesert Branch ceased its passanger operations. It was always behind a Railmotor. The line continued to serve the Beaudesert area until 20 May 1996 when the last Qr train left Beaudesert.
Beaudesert Rail.
In 2001, a grant provided by the federal government was given to a local group of Beaudesert people who traded as " Beaudesert Rail" (BR). The group set about acquiring rolling stock and locomotives. The line was upgraded to C17 use. When QGR services still operated on the Beaudesert Branch, It was only PB15's, B13's, B15's and 60t diesels. In order for Beaudesert Rail to commence steam services on the line, they needed to upgrade their track to carry the weight of their C17. The first Beaudesert rail service was held on 18 December 2002 with a run from Beaudesert to Logan Village and return. On 8 March 2003, Beaudesert Rail commenced steam-hauled services. Beaudesert Rail's steam locomotive was an Ex - QR C17 #967. Built by Walkers Limited in Maryborough, 967 serviced for 19 years before being placed in a park at Caloundra. In 1985, the Ghan railway bought 967 as a gate train. In 2000, 967 was purchased and road hauled to Beaudesert. Beaudesert rail then commenced services to Bethania on 4 April 2003. The last service to Bethania took place on 28 June 2003. On this date, Beaudesert Rails Ex - Emu Bay diesel DH #1105 derailed about 3 km south of Bethania between Dairy Creek Road and easterly Street level crossings. Beaudesert rail then received financial issues and in 2005, the group disbanded.
Remains.
There is little evidence left of the Beaudesert Branch. Many crossings have been removed and paved over. The corridor is overgrown and many sections are occupied by livestock. At Logan Village, only the platform remains and is covered with growth, the station area is rarely mowed and fences have collapsed. The only evidence left at Logan Village is the Waterford Tamborine road crossing where the signals still remain. At Jimboomba, all that remains is the track. Attempt to remove the section of line at Jimboomba was made, but operations were abandoned as it was too hard. At Beaudesert the station building, water tower stand and the floor of the shed remains. Immediately south of the Station building, the line has been covered with dirt and is now a car park. The shed has been removed and this area is also a car park. The station building has been repainted and a new station nameboard has been built. The yard area is overgrown and the water tower stand is all that is visible.

</doc>
<doc id="20463950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463950" title="Norm Wingert">
Norm Wingert

Norman "Norm" Wingert (born April 18, 1950) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played in the North American Soccer League between 1973 and 1975 for the Philadelphia Atoms. His son is current Real Salt Lake player Chris Wingert.
Wingert attended Hartwick College where he played soccer from 1969 to 1971. He then played for the Philadelphia Atoms of the North American Soccer League from 1973 to 1975. In 1976, he played for the New York Apollo of the American Soccer League.
Wingert later became a school administrator in Los Angeles and taught at West Islip High School, retiring after the 2010 school year.

</doc>
<doc id="20463958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463958" title="Copa Petrobras Asunción">
Copa Petrobras Asunción

The Copa Petrobras Asunción is a tennis tournament held in Asunción, Paraguay since 2006. The event is part of the ATP Challenger Tour and is played on outdoor clay courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20463967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463967" title="Chicken French">
Chicken French

Chicken French is an American chicken entree that uses a breaded, egg-dipped and sauteed chicken breast, with a sauce created from sherry, butter, chicken stock, and lemon.
The dish is popular in the region surrounding Rochester, New York, to the point where some have suggested the dish be called "Chicken Rochester".
Probably from vitello francese or vitello alla francese - "veal french."
Artichokes French is a common variation.
See http://larksandjapes.com/?s=chicken+french
See http://www.roadfood.com/Forums/tm.aspx?m=120823

</doc>
<doc id="20463995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20463995" title="Down By The Station">
Down By The Station

"Down By The Station" is a popular song written by Lee Ricks and Slim Gaillard in 1948, and most famously recorded by Tommy Dorsey. The song remains popular today as a children’s music standard. The opening lines of the song are: "Down by the station, early in the morning, see the little pufferbellies all in a row." Notable covers of the song include Barney, The Wiggles and The Four Preps, whose version was a big hit for them in 1960.
The song itself is much older than 1948; it has been seen in a 1931 Recreation magazine
Whether deliberately copied or not, the tune is very closely related to the chorus of Alouette (song), a French/Canadian folk song.

</doc>
<doc id="20464002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464002" title="Bardowiek">
Bardowiek

Bardowiek was a village in Germany.
History.
The earliest surviving record of Bardowiek’s is in the Ratzeburger Hufenregister and dates from 1292. The town was virtually destroyed during the Thirty Years War, but was rebuilt after the war’s end in 1648. 
During the early years of the German Democratic Republic there were still approximately forty residents. However, Bardowiek found itself in the five kilometre wide closed zone, a strip of land cleared by the government directly to the east of the Inner German border. In 1960 all the farmsteads were incorporated into the farming collective of Palingen. Destruction of the former farms began in 1977 and was completed only in 1989. After the reunification surviving former residents sought to rebuild the village. However, their aspirations have been thwarted by a succession of legal disputes.
Context of Bardowiek's destruction.
In the district of North-west Mecklenburg alone, no fewer than thirteen separate villages were destroyed during the later decades of the East German state in order to clear a strip of land beside the Inner German border. This was done to create a larger territory of a "no-go area" closest to the border to West Germany after the east became concerned about the extent of emigration to the western state. Other nearby destroyed villages included Lenschow, Wahlstorf (Lüdersdorf), Lankow (Mustin) and Neuhof (Gadebusch).

</doc>
<doc id="20464034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464034" title="BigFM">
BigFM

Big FM is a German radio station.
It first aired on 1 April 2000, and covered parts of Baden-Württemberg. On August 2003, it took over the frequencies of the defunct radio station RPR Zwei to expand to Rhineland-Palatinate. On 5 September 2005, it took over the frequencies of the defunct radio station JAM FM Saarland, thus expanding to Saarland.
Frequencies.
Today bigFM is the biggest private radio station for young people in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20464044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464044" title="Such Fun">
Such Fun

Such Fun is the second full length album from Annuals. It was released on October 7, 2008 under Canvasback.

</doc>
<doc id="20464054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464054" title="Pinkly Smooth">
Pinkly Smooth

Pinkly Smooth was an American heavy metal band. The band was formed in the summer of 2001 in Huntington Beach, California, as a side project for Avenged Sevenfold's drummer/songwriter Jimmy "The Rev" Sullivan, and originally featured The Rev (under the name "Rathead") on vocals, along with fellow Avenged Sevenfold member Synyster Gates on guitar and former Ballistico band members Buck Silverspur (under the name "El Diablo") on bass and Derek Eglit (under the name "Super Loop") on drums. They released only one album, "Unfortunate Snort", which featured former Avenged Sevenfold bassist Justin Meacham (under his stage name "Justin Sane") as a keyboard player. The band dissolved in 2002. 
Current activities.
Derek Eglit has since formed the heavy metal group Painted Wives (formerly Railroad to Alaska), in which Meacham has made several live guest appearances on keyboards. Synyster Gates is still present in Avenged Sevenfold, as was The Rev until his death in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20464056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464056" title="Renee Godfrey">
Renee Godfrey

Renee Godfrey (born Renee Vera Haal, September 1, 1919 – May 24, 1964) was an American stage and motion picture actress and singer.
Biography.
Born September 1, 1919 in New York, Renee Haal was a singer and competed as Miss New York State in the 1937 Miss America pageant. In 1938, she went to London for a singing engagement and met the actor/director/screenwriter Peter Godfrey, whom she married two years later, he was almost 20 years her senior. She initially entered films at RKO, working as "Renee Haal", and made her début in Sam Wood's "Kitty Foyle" (1940), the film that garnered Ginger Rogers her Oscar. Her next movie, "Unexpected Uncle", was directed by Peter Godfrey, who also directed her in the romantic thriller "Highways by Night" in 1942.
Beginning two years later in the Danny Kaye starring vehicle "Up in Arms" (1944), she began working as Renee Godfrey. During the war, she and her husband were much-loved by the troops for the amateur magic shows that they put on through the USO. She continued working in small but important roles, such as Vivian Vedder in "Terror by Night" (1946) and Mrs. Stebbins in Stanley Kramer's "Inherit the Wind". Renee Godfrey worked into the 1960s, appearing in "Can-Can" and "Tender Is the Night".
With primary focus now on raising her three children (which included a set of twins), Haal was seen only sporadically on TV during the 1950s with guest roles on former film stars Loretta Young and Jane Wyman's tailor-made showcases. For the most part, however, Haal was out of view. Her director-husband, who had flourished on 50s TV, was in ill health by the end of the decade. Taking secretarial and real estate classes to help support the family income, Haal tried making a comeback of sorts, finding bit roles in the films. Still a robust beauty, she was also a guest player on such popular shows as "Perry Mason", "Hazel", "The Donna Reed Show" and "Wagon Train". At the age of 44, she died on May 24, 1964 in Los Angeles, California, after an extended battle against cancer, and before the release of her final film, the Disney-produced "Those Calloways". Her husband died in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="20464072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464072" title="Fredensborg BI">
Fredensborg BI

Fredensborg Boldklub og Idrætsforening (), known as Fredensborg BI, is a Danish association football club located in the municipality of Fredensborg, which plays in the Denmark Series. Founded on 6 June 1908, it is one of the oldest clubs in Danish football. It competed in the 2003 and 2009 Danish Cup tournaments.
Stadium.
The stadium is used by Fredensborg BI and "Fredensborg Atletik Forening og Pedalatleterne", the Fredensborg Athletes' and Cyclists Society. It holds 2,000 spectators, 100 of which are provided with seats. As of late 2008, the maximum number of spectators at one match has been 1,516 people.
Trainers.
Chief trainer
Assistant trainer

</doc>
<doc id="20464080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464080" title="Republic of the Congo presidential election, 2009">
Republic of the Congo presidential election, 2009

A presidential election was held in the Republic of the Congo on 12 July 2009. Long-time President Denis Sassou Nguesso won another seven-year term with a large majority of the vote, but the election was marked by accusations of irregularities and fraud from the opposition; six opposition candidates chose to boycott the election.
Candidates.
Ange Edouard Poungui, who was Prime Minister from 1984 to 1989, was chosen as the candidate of the largest opposition party, the Pan-African Union for Social Democracy (UPADS), while Mathias Dzon, who was Minister of Finance from 1997 to 2002, was chosen as the candidate of the Alliance for the Republic and Democracy (ARD), a coalition of opposition parties. The incumbent President, Denis Sassou Nguesso of the Congolese Labour Party (PCT), was widely expected to run; he eventually announced his candidacy at a rally in Brazzaville on 6 June 2009.
On 23 February 2009, the formation of an alliance between the PCT and the opposition Rally for Democracy and Development (RDD) was announced. The parties agreed to present a single candidate in the 2009 presidential election, and the RDD agreed to join the government if their joint candidate (presumed to be Denis Sassou Nguesso) won the election.
UPADS.
Ange Edouard Poungui was chosen as the UPADS candidate by the party's National Council in a primary election on 30 November 2008. His sole rival for the nomination, Joseph Kignoumbi Kia Mboungou (who was the UPADS candidate in the 2002 presidential election), withdrew from the vote, complaining of "lack of transparency in the process", and Poungui, as the only candidate, received about 85% of the vote.
Organization of the election.
In April 2009, a forum called Republican Dialogue was held to prepare for the election. A coalition of about 20 opposition parties called the United Front of Opposition Parties (FUPO) decided to boycott the forum. Pascal Tsaty-Mabiala, the Secretary-General of UPADS and spokesman for FUPO, condemned the preparations for the election, saying that "conditions such as transparency, the revision of lists, and respect for the opposition are not created for this election; it will be neither free nor transparent, and we will contest that."
Sassou Nguesso signed a decree on 8 May 2009 (which was announced on 11 May) setting the election date as 12 July 2009. The National Elections Organisation Committee (CONEL) oversaw the election; the opposition criticized it for allegedly favoring the government.
17 candidates submitted applications to run, and the Constitutional Court approved 13 of them on 18 June. Four candidacies were rejected: those of Poungui, Marcel Guitoukoulou, Rigobert Ngouolali, on the grounds that they had failed to establish their continuous residency in Congo-Brazzaville for at least two years, and that of UPADS dissident Christophe Moukoueke, on the grounds that he exceeded the 70-year age limit for candidates. UPADS spokesman Jean-Claude Ivouloungou denounced the exclusion of Poungui's candidacy and claimed that it was politically motivated, arguing that "over the last two years, all the candidates moved around, to visit family abroad, to fine tune their plans".
By rejecting Poungui's candidacy, the Constitutional Court's decision removed a key opposition candidate from the election and left Matthias Dzon as the main opposition candidate.
On 10 July, six candidates—Dzon, Guy Romain Kinfoussia, Clement Mierassa, Bonaventure Mizidy Bavoueza, Jean-Francois Tchibinda Kouangou, and Marion Matzimba Ehouango—called for the election to be delayed, claiming that the electoral lists were deeply flawed and included people who were not eligible to vote, as well as people who did not exist at all. At an opposition rally later on the same day, Dzon, Kinfoussia, Mierassa, and Bavoueza called for the people to boycott the election. Tchibinda Kouangou and Ehouango were not present at the rally, but Kinfoussia said that they also backed the call for a boycott. Dzon declared on the occasion that "for us, the election is not taking place on July 12 ... It will take place on the day the Congolese people are given a real choice."
Roger Bouka Owoko, the head of the Congolese Observatory for Human Rights (OCDH), criticized the electoral lists as "grotesque" on 11 July, saying that it was impossible that there could be so many people who were entitled to vote. Congo's population was estimated at about 3.6 million, and 2.2 million people were officially registered to vote; however, Bouka Owoko said that an extrapolation of statistics from other countries would predict only about 1.6 million registered voters in a population of 3.6 million.
Election day and aftermath.
Sassou Nguesso, who was expected to win the election easily in the absence of any serious competitors, cast his vote early in the day in northern Brazzaville. CONEL President Henri Bouka claimed a "massive vote in the interior" and said that, contrary to the opposition's claims, the electoral lists were "mostly honest".
The six boycotting candidates released a statement on election day asserting that over 90% of eligible voters had not participated in the election. According to the statement, "by this strong rate of abstention, the Congolese who love justice and peace have expressed their rejection of this totalitarian, arrogant and corrupt regime." The statement also urged "national and international opinion to acknowledge the illegitimacy of Denis Sassou Nguesso", and it called for the organization of a new election "with the agreement of all political forces in the country". Meanwhile, the news agency Agence France-Presse reported comments from heads of polling stations in which they described turnout as very low, and it quoted an election observer as stating that "there are more observers than voters."
Late on election day, Alain Akouala Atipault, the Minister of Communication, dismissed the opposition claims as "incorrect" and said that the presence of 170 international observers disproved the accusations of fraud. He dismissed the opposition's claim that turnout was less than 10% as "ludicrous", asserting that turnout was strong outside of Brazzaville. The African Union and the Economic Community of Central African States, both of which had observer teams present, endorsed the election as "regular, free and transparent" in a joint statement, and they praised the "calm and serene atmosphere" in which the campaign took place.
Provisional results were initially planned for release on 14 July, but Minister of Territorial Administration Raymond Mboulou announced that they would be delayed to 15 July because full results from some polling stations had not yet been received.
Mboulou announced the provisional results on 15 July. These results showed Denis Sassou Nguesso winning the election with 78.61% of the vote, while Joseph Kignoumbi Kia Mboungou (who had unsuccessfully sought the UPADS nomination and then ran as an independent) placed second with 7.46% and Liberal Republican Party candidate Nicephore Fylla de Saint-Eudes placed third with 6.98%. Having called on his supporters to boycott, Dzon received 2.30% of the vote. Mboulou said that voter turnout was 66.42%. Sassou Nguesso gave a victory speech at his campaign headquarters, declaring that "in peace, freedom and transparency, in the presence of international observers, you have with the 12 July vote renewed your confidence in me". He also said that the country was "not celebrating the victory of one faction over another, of one Congo over another Congo", but rather "the victory of democracy in peace and harmony".
Kignoumbi Kia Mboungou accepted the results; although he said there might have been shortcomings, he also noted the peaceful atmosphere that was maintained during the election. With regard to turnout, he said that the boycott might have affected it, as well as voter apathy. Kinfoussia, however, described the official turnout rate as "totally false". Ehouango also rejected the results and said that the opposition could potentially take the matter to the Constitutional Court, although he said that the Court was controlled by Sassou Nguesso. The OCDH claimed that turnout was no higher than 20%, and OCDH head Bouka Owoko argued that the low turnout called Sassou Nguesso's legitimacy into question.
At a news conference on 17 July, Dzon and four other candidates alleged that the official results were a fraudulent invention; on the same day, Herve Ambroise Malonga, acting as a lawyer for Dzon, filed an appeal at the Constitutional Court seeking the cancellation of the election on the grounds of alleged electoral fraud.
Kignoumbi Kia Mboungou met with Sassou Nguesso on 17 July; afterwards he said that they discussed how to move forward, improve government, and satisfy the wishes of the people, and he said that the people had expressed confidence in Sassou Nguesso through the election. Two minor independent candidates, Bertin Pandi Ngouari and Anguios Nganguia Engambé, recognized Sassou Nguesso's victory and congratulated him.
In a statement on 18 July, the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) said that several international journalists had been mistreated by the police during an opposition protest on 15 July. Speaking for the government, Akouala Atipault denied this, saying that the international press was welcome; he observed that the journalists were present "at the heart of a demonstration where some material damage was caused. One might think that some unidentified individuals were behind these acts." He was also critical of the French-language media's coverage of the election, saying that it "seemed disappointed by the fact that this election took place in calm and serenity."
Reports published in the independent Congolese press after the election alleged that young men were observed in Brazzaville prior to election day with multiple voter cards, claiming that they intended to cast several votes each.
The Constitutional Court confirmed the results on 25 July, ruling that Sassou Nguesso had won the election with 78.61% of the vote (1,055,117 votes). Akouala Atipault said that Sassou Nguesso would be sworn in for his new term on 14 August 2009.
Sassou Nguesso was sworn in at a ceremony in Brazzaville on 14 August; various African leaders were present for the occasion. He said that his re-election meant continued "peace, stability and security", and he called for an end to "thinking like ... freeloaders" in reference to international aid received by the country. Sassou Nguesso also made an important announcement at his inauguration, saying that he would set in motion an amnesty bill to pardon Pascal Lissouba, who was President of Congo-Brazzaville from 1992 until being ousted by Sassou Nguesso in 1997; after Lissouba was ousted, he went into exile and was convicted of crimes "in absentia". Sassou Nguesso said that he wanted the amnesty bill to be presented to Parliament by the end of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20464091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464091" title="HMS Discovery (1874)">
HMS Discovery (1874)

HMS "Discovery" was a wooden screw storeship, formerly the whaling ship "Bloodhound". She was purchased in 1874 for the British Arctic Expedition of 1875–1876 and was sold in 1902.
Design and Construction.
Built in Dundee by Stephens & Sons as the whaler "Bloodhound" in 1873, she was ideally suited to Arctic exploration. She was purchased by the Admiralty on 5 December 1874 and converted for exploration, commissioning on 13 April 1875. She carried a barque-rig and her Greenock Foundry Company steam engine generated an indicated 312 horsepower.
Career.
British Arctic Expedition.
Captain George Strong Nares was placed in command of the 1875 British Arctic Expedition, which aimed to reach the North Pole via Smith Sound, the sea passage between Greenland and Canada's northernmost island, Ellesmere Island. Contemporary geographers proposed that there could be an Open Polar Sea, and that if the thick layer of ice surrounding it were overcome, access to the North Pole by sea might be possible. Ever since Edward Augustus Inglefield had penetrated Smith Sound in 1852, it had been a likely route to the North. Nares commanded the converted sloop HMS "Alert", and with him went "Discovery", commanded by Captain Henry Frederick Stephenson. HMS "Valorous" carried extra stores and accompanied the expedition as far as Godhavn.
Despite finding heavier-than-expected ice, the expedition pressed on. Leaving "Discovery" to winter at Lady Franklin Bay, "Alert" carried on a further through the Robeson Channel, establishing her winter quarters at Floeberg Beach. Spring 1876 saw considerable activity by sledge, charting the coasts of Ellsmere Island and Greenland, but scurvy had begun to take hold, with "Alert" suffering the greatest burden. On 3 April the second-in-command of "Alert", Albert Hastings Markham, took a party north to attempt the Pole. By 11 May, having made slow progress, they reached their greatest latitude at 83° 20' 26"N. Suffering from snow blindness, scurvy and exhaustion, they turned back. 
The expedition returned to the UK in Autumn 1876 and was well rewarded; Nares was knighted, Markham was promoted to Captain. The geography of northern Canada and Greenland is littered with the names of those connected with the expedition; Cape Discovery () on the northern edge of Ellesmere Island is named for the ship.
Storeship at Portsmouth.
The "Discovery" saw no further seagoing service after her return from the Arctic. She was employed as a storeship in Portsmouth Harbour from 1880, probably up until the time of her final disposal.
Disposal.
"Discovery" was sold to D Murray in February 1902.
Legacy.
The 1901 research vessel, built for the British National Antarctic Expedition (1901–1904), incorporated many of the features of "Discovery", as well as taking her name. RSS "Discovery" was commanded by Robert Falcon Scott and took part in the Discovery Investigations from 1924 to 1931. She is now on permanent display at Dundee.
Subsequent Royal Research Ships, launched in 1929 and 1962, have also borne the name, as has Space Shuttle Discovery.

</doc>
<doc id="20464094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464094" title="Mick Gosling">
Mick Gosling

Mick Gosling (born 24 March 1972) is famous for being the winner of Britain's Strongest Man contest in 2005. He is the brother of fellow strongman and former holder of the title "Britain's Strongest Man", Richard Gosling.
Stafford Superior Strongman.
In 2007 Mick Gosling approached Stafford Borough Council in order to try to promote a strongman competition in the area and to raise its profile amongst the young. The result was the Stafford Superior Strongman 2007 held at Rowley Park, Stafford. The event was well received and well attended by some of the formeost British strongmen of the time. There were 18 competitors, some men having competed at past World's Strongest Man competitions such as Mark Felix (who won the event), Mark Westaby and Laurence Shahlaei. The quality of the event was further enhanced by being overseen by the former British, European and World's Strongest Man, Geoff Capes.

</doc>
<doc id="20464103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464103" title="Liechtenstein general election, 2009">
Liechtenstein general election, 2009

General elections were held in Liechtenstein on 8 February 2009. While polls and pundits predicted few changes, the national-liberal Patriotic Union gained an outright majority in the Landtag, whilst the national conservative Progressive Citizens' Party in Liechtenstein and the green social-liberal Free List both suffered losses.

</doc>
<doc id="20464136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464136" title="Moldovan parliamentary election, April 2009">
Moldovan parliamentary election, April 2009

A parliamentary election was held in Moldova on 5 April 2009. The Party of Communists of the Republic of Moldova (PCRM) won a majority of seats (60 out of 101) for the third consecutive occasion. Turnout was 59.49 percent, exceeding the 50% necessary for the election to be valid. The new parliament will elect a new President of Moldova as the incumbent Vladimir Voronin has to stand down after completing two terms.
Pre-election developments.
The EU called on Moldova to reform its electoral law, which foresees an electoral threshold of 6% and makes little allowance for alliances of smaller parties, so that smaller parties might also enter parliament, but President Vladimir Voronin rejected these calls.
Results.
Final results were announced on 8 April 2009; the ruling PCRM failed to gain the 61 seats required to elect the president, leaving the opposition parties with the possibility of forcing a new election. The ballot recount performed on April 21 confirmed these results.
Reactions.
The International Election Observation Mission, represented by delegations from the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly, Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR), Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE), and the European Parliament evaluated the elections as positive on the whole, with some reservations not affecting the outcome or the overall initial assessment. The opinion polls before the elections had showed a comfortable win for the Communist Party, with the only uncertainty being the size of the winning margin.
The OSCE observer mission has issued a preliminary report declaring the elections generally free and fair and describing Moldova as an "overall pluralistic environment, offering voters a distinct political alternative and meeting many of the O.S.C.E. and Council of Europe commitments." Petros Efthymiou, head of the delegation of the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly and Special Co-ordinator of the OSCE short-term observers, said that he was delighted at the progress of democracy in Moldova. "These elections were very good and they gave me great confidence in the future of this country," Efthyimou said. 
However, one member of the 280-strong observation team, Emma Nicholson, Baroness Nicholson of Winterbourne, whose observation post was near the border of the separatist republic of Transnitria, voiced concern over this evaluation, claiming that she had a "very, very strong feeling" that there have been some manipulation, but she "couldn't find any proof" of it. She claimed that the Russians from the organization influenced this report. She also declared that at the counting of the votes that at 1:00 the PCRM had 35% of the votes and the 15–16 parties from the opposition 40–45% altogether while shortly later, at 8:00 the situation changed radically and the PCRM had 50%. There have also been claims of voter fraud, with deceased and nonattendant persons reportedly voting.
Following the recount, it was decided by the Constitutional Court that the presidential election would have to take place by 7 July 2009. Otherwise parliament would be dissolved and early elections held. The opposition parties stated that they would boycott parliament, citing electoral fraud as the reason, and tried to force new elections. The presidential election was later set for 20 May 2009.
Civil unrest.
Following the announcement of preliminary election results on April 6, 2009, which showed the Party of Communists of the Republic of Moldova victorious, winning approximately 50% of the votes, the opposition rejected the results, accusing the authorities of falsification in the course of counting the votes and demanded new elections. Opposition and NGO activists have organized protest demonstrations in the center of Chişinău on April 6th and 7th. 
The demonstration spun out of control and escalated into a riot on April 7th, with protesters attacking the parliament building and the presidential palace, throwing stones at the buildings, with the riot police attempting to protect the buildings. In the afternoon of April 7th, the rioters broke into the parliament building, looted it and set it on fire. Police forces had regained control of the city center by April 8th, arresting several hundred protesters. Following the arrests, numerous cases of excessive force usage, including beatings and torture by the police, were reported by the detainees. 
Peaceful demonstrations on the central square continued for the remainder of the week. The government and opposition parties have accused each other of sending provocateurs to incite the crowds.
Recount.
On 10 April 2009, Voronin called on the Constitutional Court to authorise a recount of the votes, as demanded by the protesters. On 12 April the court ruled in favor of conducting a recount, which was scheduled to take place on 15 April. On 14 April, Serafim Urechean announced that the three main opposition parties would boycott the recount, citing fears that the government would use it to increase its majority to the 61 seats required to elect the next president.
The results of the recount were published on April 21. No serious errors were determined and the original election result was confirmed.
Election of a new president.
One of the first tasks of the newly elected parliament is to elect a new president. Current President Vladimir Voronin is ineligible for another term, as he already served two terms, the maximum number allowed under the constitution. His successor needs to be elected before 8 June 2009 with a three-fifths majority (61 of 101 votes). If no candidate reaches a majority vote before that date, a new parliamentary election will be held. The three opposition parties announced that all of them would vote against the PCRM's nominee for president, for which 61 votes out of 101 are required; if Parliament fails three times to elect a candidate, this will result in a new election.
The Communist Party had nominated former Prime Minister Zinaida Greceanîi as their presidential candidate. The previous parliament failed to elect a new president triggering early parliamentary elections which were held on 29 July 2009.
The Parliament must elect, with a majority of three fifths the President of Moldova. The ruling Party of Communists of the Republic of Moldova (PCRM) nominated Zinaida Greceanîi, and a puppet-candidate, a Doctor from Chişinău. As the PCRM holds only 60 of 101 seats in parliament, but 61 seats are required to elect the president, at least one dissenting vote from the opposition was required. The opposition (formed by the three liberal-oriented parties the Liberal Party, the Liberal Democratic Party of Moldova, and the Party Alliance Our Moldova) boycotted the first round of the election held on 20 May 2009, thus forcing repeated parliamentary elections. The second round was set for 28 May 2009, but it was postponed to 3 June 2009; the PCRM claimed that it was due to Ascension Thursday falling that day. On 3 June 2009, the second round (repeated election) was held, the results being the same: 60 votes for Zinaida Greceanîi, forcing incumbent Vladimir Voronin to dissolve the Parliament. Early elections were set for 29 July 2009 after Vorinin dissolved parliament on 15 June 2009.
The elected deputies.
The list of deputies elected in the 5 April 2009 parliamentary elections:
Source.
Results of the April 5, 2009 Moldovan parliamentary elections

</doc>
<doc id="20464140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464140" title="Vladimir Boltyansky">
Vladimir Boltyansky

Vladimir Grigorevich Boltyansky (; born 26 April 1925), also transliterated as Boltyanski, Boltyanskii, or Boltjansky, is a Soviet and Russian mathematician, educator and author of popular mathematical books and articles. He is best known for his books on topology, combinatorial geometry and Hilbert's third problem.
Biography.
Boltyansky was born to Jewish parents in Moscow. He served in the Soviet army during World War II, when he was a signaller on the 2nd Belorussian Front. He graduated from Moscow University in 1948, where his advisor was Lev Pontryagin. He defended his "Doktor nauk in physics and mathematics" (higher doctorate) degree in 1955, became a professor in 1959.
Boltyansky was awarded the Lenin Prize (for the work led by Pontryagin, Gamkrelidze, and Mishchenko) for applications of differential equations to optimal control. In 1967 he received Uzbek SSR prize for the work on ordered rings. He currently teaches at CIMAT.
He is the corresponding member of the Russian Academy of Education. He is the author of over 200 books and mathematical articles.

</doc>
<doc id="20464148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464148" title="Grade I listed buildings on the Isle of Wight">
Grade I listed buildings on the Isle of Wight

There are over 9,300 Grade I listed buildings in England. This page is a list of these buildings in the county of Isle of Wight.
In the United Kingdom, the term listed building refers to a building or other structure officially designated as being of special architectural, historical, or cultural significance; Grade I structures are those considered to be "buildings of exceptional interest". Listing was begun by a provision in the Town and Country Planning Act 1947. Once listed, strict limitations are imposed on the modifications allowed to a building's structure or fittings. In England, the authority for listing under the Planning (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) Act 1990 rests with English Heritage, a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport; local authorities have a responsibility to regulate and enforce the planning regulations.

</doc>
<doc id="20464157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464157" title="Uruguay Open">
Uruguay Open

The Uruguay Open is a tennis tournament held in Montevideo, Uruguay since 2005. The event is part of the ATP Challenger Tour and is played on outdoor clay courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20464179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464179" title="Chris Hesketh">
Chris Hesketh

Chris Hesketh MBE (birth registered October→December in Wigan) is an English professional Rugby League World Cup winning footballer of the 1960s and '70s, playing at representative level for Great Britain, England, and Lancashire representative , and at club level for Wigan and Salford, as a , or , i.e. number 3 or 4, or 6.
Playing career.
International honours.
Chris Hesketh won caps for England while at Salford in 1968 against Wales, in 1969 against Wales, and France, and won caps for Great Britain while at Salford in 1970 against New Zealand, in the 1970 Rugby League World Cup against France (sub), New Zealand (1-try), and Australia (sub), in 1971 against France, France (sub), and New Zealand (3 matches), in the 1972 Rugby League World Cup against Australia, France, New Zealand (1-try), and Australia, in 1973 against Australia (3 matches), and in 1974 against France (2 matches), Australia (3 matches), and New Zealand (3 matches).
Rugby League Career.
Hesketh started his career at Wigan in 1962, playing alongside the likes of Billy Boston and Eric Ashton, following the rule change to allow of substitutions, along with Laurie Gilfedder he jointly became Wigan's first substitute on 14 November 1964, he moved to Salford in 1967, with whom he remained until retiring in 1979. Hesketh worked his entire life as a salesman before retiring in 2006. He still lives in Lancashire and occasionally goes along to Salford to watch his former team in action.
The story of Rugby League great Chris Hesketh is a heart-warming one, his sporting life being one of triumph over adversity, reaching its pinnacle as the first Wigan-born captain of a British Lions Rugby League touring team when leading the party that flew to Australia and New Zealand in 1974. That honour, and many more, was achieved after overcoming polio as a child and the shattering experience of being discarded by his first professional club, Wigan, who he had followed since being a youngster. His transfer to Salford sparked a new beginning as an integral part of a team that reached the Challenge Cup Final at Wembley and twice won the Rugby League Championship in the 1970s. A classy centre and dominating presence on the rugby field, he was destined to become skipper of a Red Devils outfit littered with star names such as Paul Charlton, Colin Dixon, Keith Fielding and David Watkins. A tourist twice, he also took part in two World Cup tournaments, including the 1972 triumph in France. His renaissance received official recognition through the awarding of the MBE in 1976 for his services to Rugby League. In this book, Chris, and co-author Graham Morris provide the reader with a fascinating account of his trials and tribulations as a professional sportsman as he rose to the top in the toughest of all team sports, including many inside stories and humorous anecdotes. Its pages reveal the life and times of a player who proved himself as a true Captain Courageous, offering an essential read for all lovers of sport and Rugby League in particular.
Testimonial match.
Chris Hesketh's Testimonial match at Salford took place in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20464182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464182" title="Vlada Vukoičić">
Vlada Vukoičić

Vlada Vukoičić (; born June 2, 1973) is a Serbian basketball coach born in Belgrade, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia.
Coaching career.
Vukoičić was only 19 years old in 1994 when he began working as coach in KK FMP's youth system. He continued there until 2003 when he got promoted to the position of first team assistant coach. Working under head coaches Aco Petrović, Vlade Đurović, and Boško Đokić, he gained valuable experience.
FMP Železnik.
Vukoičić's first head coaching appointment came in 2005 at KK FMP where he ended up spending two and a half seasons. He won the 2005–06 Adriatic League title with the club. Next year he led the team all the way to the semifinals of the 2006–07 ULEB Cup and also won the Serbian Cup. He was fired on January 14, 2008.
Hemofarm.
He didn't wait long for his next job as on March 20, 2008 KK Hemofarm brought him in to replace Miroslav Nikolić. Vukoičić finished out the 2007–08 season at the club before moving on.
Oostende.
During summer 2008 he was hired by Belgian team BC Oostende, but left in October.
Bosna.
In early November 2008, Vukoičić agreed terms with KK Bosna, six days after the team's previous head coach Alen Abaz resigned in late October following a loss at KK Budućnost Podgorica in the Adriatic League (it was the team's 4th loss in a row dropping them to 1–4 record). Goran Šehovac assumed temporary charge for one game, before Vukoičić took over with his Bosna debut taking place in Belgrade away at KK Crvena zvezda. 
Vukoičić led the Sarajevo team to a 7th place Adriatic League finish with a 11–15 overall win-loss season record. Under Vukoičić's command, KK Bosna had a 9–11 record. On April 12, 2009, following a 2009 domestic Bosnia-Herzegovina league loss away at KK Borac Banja Luka, Vukoičić offered his resignation. It was not accepted, and he continued on as head coach. In late May 2009, during the Bosnian domestic league finals series, he signed a 4-year contract extension with the club. KK Bosna ended up losing the final series versus HKK Široki 0–2. 
Vukoičić started the 2009–10 season as coach but got fired in early December 2009 following disastrous 1–9 start in the Adriatic League, including the embarrassing 50-point loss to KK Zadar.
Mega Vizura.
In 2010, Vukoičić became head coach of KK Mega Vizura from Belgrade, that participates in the Basketball League of Serbia. In his first season with the club, Mega Vizura finished the season's initial stage in 4th spot with 15-11 record thus qualifying for the final stage (Superliga) of the competition. Superliga proved to be a step too far and Mega Vizura finished in last place with 3-11 record.
Red Star Belgrade.
On October 4, 2012, he became head coach of the Serbian team Red Star Belgrade, replacing recently fired Milivoje Lazić. Arriving to Red Star Belgrade for Vukoičić meant getting reunited with Nebojša Čović whom he worked for over a decade in various capacities at FMP Železnik.
Taking over the team that started the Adriatic League season with two straight losses away at Split and Zadar, Vukoičić won his debut match coaching Red Star at home versus Olimpija, which was followed by two losses, away at league favourites Boža Maljković-coached Cedevita and an upset loss at home versus Igokea. Vukoičić finally righted the ship as Red Star went on a 6-game win streak that included a win over eternal rivals Partizan. The streak ended in early December away at Budućnost, but the following week the team got back on tracking starting another winning streak this time for 5 games. Mid-January brought the away clash with league-leaders Igokea, which Red Star lost on a last second three-pointer by Siniša Štemberger. Vukoičić's team then went on another winning run of 5 games including yet another win over bitter city rivals Partizan. Red Star also won the Serbian Cup by beating Partizan for the third time in the season in the incident-filled final played over two days in Kragujevac. The team ended the season in second spot thus qualifying for the Final Four. In the meantime Serbian Superliga started, and Red Star opened the competition in disappointing fashion with loss to Partizan, hard-fought win versus Radnički, and an upset loss away at Mega Vizura. On 15 April, days after the Mega Vizura loss, Vukoičić's firing was announced while Dejan Radonjić who coached Adriatic League rivals KK Budućnost got named as replacement with club president Čović citing "obvious deterioration of form" as the reason for the change.
MZT Skopje.
On June 24, 2013, he became head coach of the Macedonian basketball champion MZT Skopje. In December 2013 he resigned and was replaced with Zoran Martič.
National team coaching.
Serbia youth teams.
In 2007, Serbian Basketball Federation (KSS) named Vukoičić (at the time coaching FMP Železnik at club level) head coach of the Serbian under-20 national team for the upcoming European under-20 Championship in Slovenia and Italy. 
Coming into the tournament as the defending European champions, the Serbian team consisting of players born in 1987 was led by the talented combo guard Miloš Teodosić and power forward Dragan Labović both from FMP Železnik where they were also coached by Vukoičić in addition to small forward Milenko Tepić from Partizan, forward Nikola Dragović from UCLA, and center Marko Durković. Despite losing their opening game versus co-hosts Slovenia, Vukoičić's team quickly got on track, winning all their games until the end, including the final versus Spain and defending the title.
Four years later in 2011, Vukoičić, now coaching Mega Vizura at club level, again got the call from his country, this time to coach the Serbian under-18 team at the Euro championships in Poland. 
Consisting of players born in 1993 with a few born in 1994, the squad made the final where they lost to Spain.
Serbia full squad assistant coach.
In late summer 2012, ahead of the EuroBasket 2013 qualifying matches, Vukoičić joined the national team's coaching setup as one of the three assistants to Serbia national team's head coach Dušan Ivković. Serbia managed to qualify, though not without drama, unexpectedly losing 5 matches including to minnows Estonia, barely grabbing the third and final qualifying spot in its group through better basket difference.

</doc>
<doc id="20464188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464188" title="Book of Artifacts">
Book of Artifacts

The Book of Artifacts (abbreviated as BoA) is a supplemental sourcebook to the core rules of the second edition of the "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game. This book, published by TSR, Inc. in 1993, details 50 different "artifacts", special magic items found within the game at the Dungeon Master's option. The book was designed primarily by David "Zeb" Cook, with some additional design by Rich Baker, Wolfgang Baur, Steve and Glenda Burns, Bill Connors, Dale "Slade" Henson, Colin McComb, Thomas M. Reid, and David Wise. Cover art is by Fred Fields and interior art and icons were designed by Daniel Frazier.
Introduction.
The book's 8-page introduction on pages 3–10 provides an overview of the contents and the significance of artifacts within the game. One page is spent in an attempt to clear up some misconceptions regarding artifacts, including "Artifacts are too powerful for a campaign," "All artifacts have horrible curses that keep them from being useful," "Artifacts are just collections of random powers," "Artifacts are all created by gods that shouldn't be involved in the campaign," "Artifacts are found only in the Greyhawk campaign," "If the characters stumble across an artifact, it could ruin the campaign," "A character with an artifact will ruin the adventure," and "Artifacts are nothing but a headache." The next four pages of the introduction provide an explanation of the book's contents by chapter, defines what makes an artifact different from other magic items (an artifact is unique, has a special history, and provides an impetus for a story to be centered around it) and includes a set of guidelines on how a Dungeon Master can create a new artifact for the campaign.
The remaining three pages of the introduction serve to explain how the specific artifacts described within the book operate. It explains the common elements of how all artifacts function within a game, and details two common types of special curses an artifact might cause: "artifact possession", where an artifact's will can possess a character using the item, and "artifact transformation", where the artifact literally transforms a character physically and mentally over time into something else entirely. The format for the artifact descriptions found in the next section is also explained. Each artifact is given a detailed in-game history consisting of one or more paragraphs, and each one provides a section of advice on how the Dungeon Master may use the item within a campaign. Each artifact has its most significant powers detailed, each of which falls into one of five categories: constant (always in effect), invoked (activated intentionally by the character), random (determined by the Dungeon Master or by random roll), resonating (only functioning when two or more pieces of a matched set are joined), and curse (such as artifact possession, artifact transformation, or something else). Lastly, the introduction describes how each artifact has a suggested means of destruction, none of which should be easy for a character to accomplish.
Artifacts.
Fifty individual artifacts are described on pages 11–106. Most descriptions take up one full page, but a few require more than one page, and all are illustrated. Many of these artifacts have existed since the game's early days, and were originally found in the 1976 supplement "Eldritch Wizardry": Axe of the Dwarvish Lords, Baba Yaga's Hut, Codex of the Infinite Planes, Crystal of the Ebon Flame, Hand and Eye of Vecna, Heward's Mystical Organ, Horn of Change, Invulnerable Coat of Arnd, Iron Flask of Tuerny the Merciless, Jacinth of Inestimable Beauty, Mace of Cuthbert, Machine of Lum the Mad, Mighty Servant of Leuk-o, Orbs of Dragonkind, Queen Ehlissa's Marvelous Nightingale, Regalia of Might (Regalia of Good, Regalia of Neutrality, Regalia of Evil), Ring of Gaxx, Rod of Seven Parts, Sword of Kas, and Throne of the Gods. Some of the artifacts in the "Book of Artifacts" originally appeared in the first edition "Dungeon Master's Guide" (along with the ones first found in "Eldritch Wizardry") in 1979, including: Cup and Talisman of Al'Akbar, Johydee's Mask, Kuroth's Quill, Recorder of Ye'Cind, and Teeth of Dahlvar-Nar.
Many of the artifacts in this book originated within other products and magazine articles, mostly for specific campaign settings, including: Acorn of Wo-Mai ("The Horde: Barbarian Campaign Setting"), Apparatus (""), Artifurnace ("Spelljammer campaign set"), Axe of the Emperors (Dragonlance: DLR2 "Taladas - The Minotaurs"), Blackjammer's Cutlass (Spelljammer: "Dragon" #159), Book with No End ("Dungeon" #3), Death Rock ("Kara-Tur"), Hammer of Gesen ("The Horde: Barbarian Campaign Setting"), Iron Bow of Gesen ("The Horde: Barbarian Campaign Setting"), and Triad of Betrayal (Dragonlance: "Tales of the Lance"). Some of the remaining artifacts made their first appearance in the "Book of Artifacts", including: All-Knowing Eye of Yasmin Sira (Al-Qadim), Coin of Jisan the Bountiful (Al-Qadim), Herald of Mei Lung, Ivory Chain of Pao, Monacle of Bagthalos (Forgotten Realms), Obsidian Man of Urik (Dark Sun), Psychometron of Nerad (Dark Sun), Rod of Teeth (Dark Sun), Scepter of the Sorcerer-Kings (Forgotten Realms), Seal of Jafar al-Samal (Al-Qadim), and Silencer of Bodach (Dark Sun).
Creating Magical Items.
This section, from pages 107-129, describes the methods that a character uses to create ordinary magic items (not artifacts) as described in the second edition Dungeon Master's Guide and Tome of Magic. This section details how high in level a character must be to create a particular item, describes the requirements of the work area a character must have to create an item (a wizard's laboratory or a priest's altar, as the case may be), the difficulty of making a particular item, and what sort of magical materials may be needed. It also describes that in order to create an intelligent magic item, the spellcaster's life-force is transferred into the item, leaving the caster's body a lifeless husk.
Recharging Magical Items.
This section, from pages 130-136, describes how a spellcaster character can recharge an item which uses charges, such as wands, rods, staves, and some rings. It describes how this process is completed and what is required, both for wizard items and priest items.
Appendices.
The book ends with a set of three appendices. Appendix A, on page 137 is a list of common rechargeable magical items, referring to the book's previous section. Appendix B, on pages 138-158, is a set of random power tables that some artifacts may possess. Appendix C, on page 159, is simply a blank chart for the Dungeon Master to fill out to assign a list of songs, and their effects, for the "Heward's Mystical Organ" artifact.
Additional reading.
Review: "White Wolf" #41 (1994)

</doc>
<doc id="20464196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464196" title="John Woodhouse">
John Woodhouse

The Rt Rev John Walker Woodhouse (28 January 1884 – 13 March 1955) was an Anglican Suffragan Bishop from 1945 until 1953.
He was born on 28 January 1884 and educated at Charterhouse and University College, Oxford before embarking on an ecclesiastical career with a curacy at St James, Milton, Portsmouth. After service as a World War I chaplain he was then Vicar of St John’s, Waterloo Road, Lambeth and after that St George’s, Newcastle upon Tyne. From 1942 to 1945 he was Rural Dean of Huddersfield and finally Bishop of Thetford (also Archdeacon of Lynn from 1946 to 1953).
He died after a short retirement on 13 March 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20464209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464209" title="Maxim Levy">
Maxim Levy

Maxim Levy (, born 11 February 1950, died 11 October 2002) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Gesher and One Israel between 1996 and 2002, as well as mayor of Lod between 1983 and 1996.
Biography.
Born in Rabat in Morocco, Levy made aliyah to Israel in 1957, and worked as an aeroplane technician.
In 1973 he became a member of Herut's central bureau, and between 1978 and 1983 he chaired the National Workers Council of the Air Industry Workers in Israel. In 1982 he became Deputy Mayor of Lod, and the following year became mayor, serving until 1996.
In the mid–1990s Levy joined Gesher, a new party established by his brother, David. Maxim was first elected to the Knesset on the Likud-Tzomet-Gesher list in 1996. During his first term, he chaired the Labour and Welfare Committee.
For the 1999 elections, Gesher entered the One Israel alliance together with the Labor Party and Meimad. Levy was placed 18th on the alliance's list, and retained his seat as One Israel claimed 26 mandates. He was also appointed Deputy Speaker of the Knesset.
On 7 March 2001, Levy, David Levy and Mordechai Mishani broke away from One Israel to re-establish Gesher as an independent faction. Levy resigned his seat on 5 June 2002, and was replaced by Meimad's Yehuda Gilad (as the One Israel list priority still applied to replacements). He died four months later.
Following his death, the resurrected Hapoel Lod football club was renamed "Hapoel Maxim Lod" in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="20464223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464223" title="Galician parliamentary election, 2009">
Galician parliamentary election, 2009

The Galician parliamentary election of 2009 () was held on Sunday, 1 March 2009 to elect members to the Galician Parliament.
The election saw the People's Party of Galicia retake control of the parliament from the coalition of the Socialists and the Galician Nationalist Bloc, with a majority of 1 seat. As a result, Alberto Núñez Feijoo became the President of Galicia. 
Presidential primaries.
Prior to the actual parliamentary elections a closed primary was held by each of the parties to determine their candidates for the presidency.
Election campaign.
Candidates.
The candidates for the presidency of the Xunta de Galicia were:
Amongst the extra-parliamentary parties that had achieved significant results in previous elections the candidates were: 
Results summary.
! class="unsortable" |  
! align=left|Political PartyThis table indicates those parties<br> with over 500 votes nationwide<br>
!Seats<br>
!Seats Gained<br>
!Seats Lost<br>
!Net Change<br>in seats<br>
!% of Seats<br>
!% of Votes<br>
!Number of Votes<br>
!change in %<br>of vote<br>
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="20464225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464225" title="Basque parliamentary election, 2009">
Basque parliamentary election, 2009

Elections to the Basque regional parliament were held in the Basque Country (a Spanish Autonomous Community) on 1 March 2009.
Shortly before the election, two parties reportedly tied to ETA – D3M ("Democracia 3 Millones" or "Demokrazia Hiru Milloi") and Askatasuna, "Freedom" – were banned by a court ruling from standing in the election.
Results.
In stark contrast with the latest Spanish general elections, which show an increasing tendency to bipartidism, this Basque regional election increased the number of parties or electoral alliances with representation in the Basque parliament to seven, with the entrance of UPyD. This places the Basque parliament at the top of the most diverse regional parliaments in Spain, with Catalonia's and the Balearic Islands's (six each) a close second.
After nearly 30 years of constant presence in the regional executive, this election opened the door for a non-Basque Nationalist Party (PNV)-led government, since its government partners for the past decade, Eusko Alkartasuna and Esker Batua, fared particularly badly. The PNV managed to scoop up most of EA's support and gain an additional representative even without their former coalition partner, whose group was greatly reduced from six representatives (in the PNV-EA coalition in the 2005 election) to just one. Both the EA and EB leaders lost their seats and resigned in the aftermath of the election.
In the non-nationalist camp, the Socialists gained seven seats to garner a 25-strong caucus, an all-around good result across the three provinces but less than the 26-28 projected by some polls on election day and still far from the first-party status hoped by party leader Patxi López. The People's Party had switched leaders less than a year before the elections: former leader María San Gil left citing disagreements with the national leadership and was replaced by Antonio Basagoiti, who led the party into the election and achieved 13 representatives, a net loss of two from 2005. The new national party Union, Progress and Democracy, founded in 2007 as a response to the perceived overinfluence of nationalist parties in Spain-wide politics, managed to gain one seat in Álava.
< 2005    2012 >
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=left colspan="2" rowspan="2" width=400 |Party
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=center colspan="3" |Popular Vote
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=center colspan="3" |Seats
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right width=60|Votes
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right width=40|%
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right width=50|+/–
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right width=30|Seats
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right width=30|+/–
Results counting void votes.
After D3M and Askatasuna were banned, Basque separatists were asked to cast their vote for D3M, whose votes would then be counted as void. Some people were arrested because they delivered door-to-door ballots and stuck cartels. According to some sources, the pro-independence Basque left (that were formerly represented by Batasuna and later by EHAK) was surprised by the lower support of their void option. If the void votes are to be counted as the support of this option, it would have obtained the worst results in their history, having received 100,924 void votes, 50,000 less than in the previous regional election and less than half their historical top in the 1998 election.
Major electoral analysis has been performed on the results and the issue of the void votes by pro-Basque nationalist and non-Basque nationalist parties alike. It is a frequent misunderstanding that, had the votes for the illegal lists been counted as valid, they would have been entitled to seven seats. Actually, taking into account that the average of "normal" void votes (striked-out names, double-voting, etc.) in the last three Basque parliamentary elections (1998, 2001 and 2005) was about 0,4%, and assuming that all the void votes that could not be accounted for by that statistic alone were cast for a "hypothetical" unitary abertzale list (instead of for two different lists, Askatasuna and D3M), those ~97,000 votes would have accounted for at most 6 seats.
Aftermath.
Even in a Parliament already used to diversity, the election result was wide open. Respecting parliamentary convention, all parties decided to let the PNV try to form a coalition, but it was finally not able to garner a majority support:
After the nationalists' failure to build a successful coalition, the Socialist Party started its contacts. They soon secured the support of their national arch-rival, the conservative People's Party, which vowed to support him in order to oust the nationalists from government after nearly three decades of constant presence. Furthermore Union, Progress and Democracy and Esker Batua, with one MP each, promised not to vote "against" Mr. López in the investiture session. Thus, the PSE-EE had secured 38 votes in favour and two abstentions, with at most 35 MPs against, and should nothing fail, Mr. López would head the new Basque government. The confirmation of this pact caused the outrage of the PNV, which vowed to put forth its own candidate in the investiture session citing their "right" to head the government as the top-voted party.
The conditions of the pact between the socialist and the conservatives were a matter of constant speculation in the whole of Spain for most of March, with the issue being raised in many political talk shows and press editorials. Many radicals from both parties claimed that the other would just use their coalition partner, effectively diluting their core ideology. As the negotiation advanced, PP leader Antonio Basagoiti made it clear that he would not request positions in the new Government, acknowledging the PSE-EE wish to form a minority government with external support from his party. He vowed to provide stability to the new executive, and attacked the "shamelessness" of PNV outcries, citing that the Álava provincial government was headed by the PNV itself which had only been the "third" party in the last election. Finally it was decided that the PP would head the Basque Parliament and refrain from moving or supporting any vote of no confidence, while the Socialists would form a minority government on their own and treat the PP as their "preferred" coalition partner, rejecting deals with other parties that went against their "main" one with the conservatives.
The final deal was ratified by both parties and leaked to the public in the last days of March, with its formal signature being performed by the negotiation teams on April 1. The new Parliament assembled on April 3 and elected its bureau, with PP MP Arantza Quiroga as its Speaker and two PSE-EE members ensuring a majority in the 5-member organ. The investiture session for the new Lehendakari, for which both López and the incumbent Ibarretxe stood, was held on May 5. Mr. López was elected Lehendakari of the Basque Country on a 39-35 vote and was sworn in two days later at the Gernika House of Assemblies.

</doc>
<doc id="20464229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464229" title="Go In and Out the Window">
Go In and Out the Window

"Go In and Out the Window" is a popular song composed by Hall of Fame songwriter Lew Pollack (1895–1946). The song remains popular 
as a children's music standard.
Melody circa 1762; lyrics "Bear Went" circa 1939 (Linscott); Earliest Date for US version of Go in and Out the Window: 1911; certainly dates back to 19th century. English versions published 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="20464233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464233" title="1998 Newsweek Champions Cup – Singles">
1998 Newsweek Champions Cup – Singles

Michael Chang was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Marcelo Ríos won the title, defeating Greg Rusedski 6–3, 6–7(15–17), 7–6(7–4), 6–4 in the final.
Seeds.
The top eight seeds received a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="20464254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464254" title="Andorran parliamentary election, 2009">
Andorran parliamentary election, 2009

Parliamentary elections were held in Andorra on 26 April 2009, the fourth under the 1993 Constitution. The elections were held at the end of the normal four-year term of the General Council ("Consell General", Andorra's parliament), but also following months of intense pressure from Co-Prince Nicolas Sarkozy to change the country's banking secrecy laws.
The Social Democratic Party led by Jaume Bartumeu was the clear winner, with 45.03% of votes for its national list, followed by the "Reformist Coalition" led by the Liberal Party of Andorra (32.34%) and the new Andorra for Change party (18.86%). The Social Democrats hold fourteen seats in the General Council, against eleven for the Liberals and three for Andorra for Change.
The electorate, restricted to Andorran citizens, was 20,298 voters out of a population of about 85,000. There were 114 candidates for 28 seats, more than one candidate for every 200 voters. Turnout was 75.3%.
Issues.
The main issue in the elections is the possible changes required to Andorra's economic model to facilitate its international relations.
On 11 March 2009, three weeks before the 2009 G-20 London Summit, the Head of Government Albert Pintat made a unilateral declaration in Paris promising to improve the exchange of information (for tax purposes) about non-residents who hold bank accounts in Andorra. He committed the incoming government to drafting changes to the banking secrecy laws by 1 September 2009, which would then be passed by the General Council before 15 November 2009. He also announced that he would not be leading the Liberal Party of Andorra in the elections so as to devote his time to negotiating tax treaties with other countries, starting with France. Such agreements would also abolish the punitive customs duties which France and Spain impose on Andorran exports (33% and 25% respectively). The Liberal Party and the Social Democratic Party have agreed to cooperate in the drafting of the new legislation.
The negotiation of tax treaties is complicated by the present tax structure of Andorra. The state is funded mostly by indirect taxation, such as levies on water supplies and telecommunications, and by fees for administrative permits. The Social Democratic Party proposes the introduction of income tax and value added tax, albeit at low rates, whereas the Liberal Party prefers keeping changes to the tax system to a minimum. Andorra for Change rejects any changes whatsoever to the current system.
A third issue is the relationship Andorra should have with the European Economic Area (EEA): at present, Andorra has a limited set of bilateral agreements with the European Union in the fields of economic, social, and cultural cooperation, signed in June 2004. The Social Democratic Party favours expanding these into a fully fledged association agreement; the Liberal Party is more reticent, but has promised to cooperate in any discussions.
Electoral system.
Twenty-eight "general councillors" were elected on 26 April, 2009, based on party lists (closed list system):
The parish lists and the national list are independent of one another: the same person cannot appear on both the national list and on a parish list, and voters cast two separate ballots (there is no requirement to vote for the same party for both lists).

</doc>
<doc id="20464260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464260" title="Grammistes sexlineatus">
Grammistes sexlineatus

Grammistes sexlineatus, the six-lined soapfish or golden-striped grouper, is a small species of serranid fish from the Indo-Pacific, occurring between the Red Sea and Polynesia, the southern part of Japan and the Great Barrier Reef. It is found in turbid lagoons at depths between . It is the only member of the genus "Grammistes".
Appearance.
This soapfish shows a characteristic striped pattern. As a juvenile, six white stripes run down the dark brown body of the fish. As an adult, the lines separate out into dotted lines. Its maximum length is .
In the aquarium.
While not a particularly difficult fish to keep in a marine aquarium, it is often avoided because of the toxic slime it can give off from the glands in its dermis if stressed. Under the wrong circumstances, this can result in the death of any other fish in the aquarium. Provided they are kept in a low-stress environment, they can be kept with other fish, but when shipped, the water in the bag containing the fish should not be added to the aquarium.
This fish is usually peaceful with fish that are not small enough for it to eat. It should not be placed with damselfish or other small fish which will typically be eaten. The minimum aquarium size to keep this fish is 60 gallons.

</doc>
<doc id="20464277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464277" title="Comorian legislative election, 2009">
Comorian legislative election, 2009

Legislative elections were held in Comoros on 6 and 20 December 2009; though originally set for July 2009, they were postponed until after a constitutional referendum was held. Elections were then scheduled to take place on 29 November.
Finally, the first round of the elections was scheduled to take place on 6 December, while a second round was slated for 20 December. The Comoros use a Two-round system, where there are 24 constituencies, each returning a single member to parliament. The remaining 9 seats are filled by appointees from the assemblies of the autonomous islands of the Comoros: Grande Comore, Mohéli and Anjouan. Each island assembly selects 3 members.
There are no real established political parties in the Comoros, but for this election, most candidates supporting president Ahmed Abdallah Sambi campaigned as the Baobab coalition, named after their identifying symbol, the Baobab tree.
The first round took place without incidents on 6 December, but a second round was needed because in most constituencies there was no clear victor (at least 50%+1 one vote). Only in 2 constituencies did the president's party achieve an outright majority in the first round. This round proceeded to take place as planned on 20 December.
Results.
According to the preliminary results released on 21 December, president Ahmed Abdallah Sambi's allies won a majority of seats in the assembly. The opposition won 5 constituencies, 3 of which were on the island of Mohéli.

</doc>
<doc id="20464316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464316" title="Avisauridae">
Avisauridae

The Avisauridae are a family of extinct Enantiornithine birds known from Cretaceous North and South America. They are represented by ten genera.
Avisauridae was erected by Brett-Surman and Paul in 1985. They included in this family a few fossils that they believed belonged to small non-avian dinosaurs.
Chiappe (1992) later reassigned the Avisauridae to the class Aves and the subclass Enantiornithes. Chiappe (1993) diagnosed the family as "Enantiornithine birds with a strong transverse convexity of the dorsal surface of the mid — shaft of metatarsal III, a distinct plantar projection of the medial rim of the trochlea of Metatarsal III, and a laterally compressed J-shaped metatarsal I." He defined the family as the common ancestor of "Neuquenornis volans" and "Avisaurus archibaldi" plus all its descendants. In 2008, the family was redefined as "Avisaurus archibaldi" and all genera more closely related to it than to either "Longipteryx", "Gobipteryx" or "Sinornis".
Cladogram based on Cau and Arduini (2008):
Chiappe and Calvo (1994) found that the Avisauridae shared adaptations of the foot — including a fully reversed and distally placed hallux with a large claw — that indicated the ability to perch in trees. They argued that an arboreal habit was most likely for all of the Avisauridae.

</doc>
<doc id="20464325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464325" title="Don Snow">
Don Snow

Don Snow (born 13 January 1957, Nairobi, Kenya) is a vocalist, Hammond organist, pianist, guitarist, bass guitarist, drummer and saxophonist who is primarily known for his work with Squeeze, the Sinceros, Procol Harum and the new wave act The Catch (famous for the 1983 song "25 Years"). He has also frequently toured with Van Morrison and played Hammond organ and piano on three of his albums.
He started his career in 1978 as an original member of the New Wave/Power Pop-outfit The Sinceros, who were signed to Epic Records and released a string of successful albums. Around this time, he also played with Lene Lovich and Bill Nelson, before he joined Squeeze in 1982, replacing Paul Carrack. At this time, he recorded the single "25 Years" (as The Catch), which reached number 3 on the German charts, sold half a million copies and stayed on the charts for 40 weeks. He also appeared on records with artists such as Judie Tzuke, Tracey Ullman, Nik Kershaw, ABC and Sheila Walsh.
In 1987, he joined Tina Turner for her Break Every Rule World Tour and recorded the album "Live in Europe". He also recorded with Roger Daltrey, Tom Jones, Jimmy Sommerville, Chris Eaton, Holly Johnson, Boy George, Jaki Graham and Gary Moore. On June 11, 1988 he played the first Nelson Mandela benefit at the Wembley Arena along with Al Green, Joe Cocker, Natalie Cole, Jonathan Butler, Freddie Jackson, and Ashford & Simpson.
In 1990, Snow played with the John Lennon tribute band in Liverpool, before he re-joined Squeeze in 1991 for touring. In 1992, after appearing on records by Tina Turner, Judie Tzuke, Thomas Anders and Heartland, he played keyboards for Procol Harum and later played for Van Morrison. He joined Squeeze for the third time in 1995 and played with Morrison again in 1998.
Since 2000, he has appeared on records of Kylie Minogue, Melanie C, Joe Cocker, Mark Owen, Michael Ball, released several solo albums and recently produced Alexis Cunningham.
In December 1992 he changed his name to Jonn Savannah. He now lives in Medford, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="20464326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464326" title="Grenfell Centre">
Grenfell Centre

Grenfell Centre is a high rise office building and is the third tallest building in Adelaide, Australia. with a height of 103 metres (338 feet). It was the tallest building in the city until surpassed by the Telstra House in 1987. It comprises 26 floors and was completed in 1973. In the 1980s, the building's foyer and interior were refurbushed. The 11 metre tall antenna was attached in 1980 and upgraded with digital transmitters in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20464345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464345" title="Mauritian general election, 2010">
Mauritian general election, 2010

A general election was held in Mauritius on 5 May 2010. The coalition composed of the Mauritius Labour Party under Navin Ramgoolam, the Militant Socialist Movement under Pravind Jugnauth and the Mauritian Social Democrat Party under Xavier Luc Duval, won a majority with 41 seats in the parliament. The Mauritian Militant Movement-led coalition under Paul Berenger finished second with 18 seats. The Mauritian Solidarity Front won one seat and the Rodrigues Movement won the two remaining seats. The elections were the ninth to be held since independence from the United Kingdom in 1968.
The Mauritius Labour Party, the Mauritian Social Democrat Party (PMSD) and the Militant Socialist Movement (MSM) joined together into an alliance called Alliance de L'avenir () for this election. Ramgoolam, the alliance leader, alloted 35 seats to his own party to compete for the 60 seats on the island, whereas the MSM was given 18 and the PMSD 7. Before the election, it appeared that Berenger might gain back the PM's post that he held from 2003 to 2005; he was the first prime minister since independence that was not of South Asian origin. Berenger led his own alliance of parties, known as the Alliance du Coeur (), a reference to the official logo of the Mauritian Militant Movement, by far the biggest party in that alliance. Parties based in Rodrigues compete for the 2 other seats, with the Rodrigues People's Organisation and the Rodrigues Movement being the main parties there. 
During the election, 62 seats in the National Assembly of Mauritius were contested with a further 8 seats to be designated by the electoral commission under a complex formula designed to keep a balance of ethnic groups in the parliament. The candidates must declare which ethnic group (Hindu, Muslim, Chinese or "general population") they belong to in order to run for a seat. In 2010, 104 of the candidates refused to do so, resulting in them being disqualified, leaving 529 candidates for the seats. Around 130 foreign observers, including some from the African Union and the Southern African Development Community, were present to monitor the voting process.
Around 900,000 people were eligible to vote in the election. The counting of votes began on 6 May with results expected by that afternoon. With 30% of votes counted the Alliance de l'Avenir was ahead in 40 of the seats and the Alliance du Coeur in 19. Turnout was estimated at 78%, down from 81.5% in 2005's election and the lowest turnout since 1976. The electoral commission said that the voting process went well and there were no formal complaints.
This election was marked by an accusation from Paul Berenger of abuse of the state-owned television station, the Mauritius Broadcasting Corporation, by the incumbent government to influence voters. He also accused his political opponents of using communalism to swing votes, given that he forms part of the Franco-Mauritian minority. The main issues debated were economic and constitutional reform, fraud, corruption, drug trafficking and ethnicity. 
The Alliance de l'Avenir obtained 49.31% of the total votes with 41 seats whereas the Alliance du Coeur seized 42.36% of votes with 18 seats. The remaining parties and independent candidates obtained 8.14% of the votes. Out of the 62 seats, only ten women were elected. 
After the Alliance de L'Avenir was declared winner of the poll, its leader, Navin Ramgoolam, mentioned that he would govern in the interest of every Mauritian so as no one is left behind. He added that the priorities of his government are to be the improvement of road infrastructures, the security of the people, education, health and youth development. Paul Berenger, who conceded defeat after the election, said that members of his party will continue their fight for a better Mauritius. He claimed that this election was not free and fair, attributing the defeat of his alliance to numerous factors including bias coverage of the election by the state-owned television station, more financial resources by his political opponents, communalism and the electoral system. However, he is prepared to work with the government for an electoral reform, especially because his alliance had obtained only 18 of the 62 seats despite seizing 43% of popular votes. 
On May 7, 2010, the Electoral Supervisory Commission made their decision on the non-elected candidates to occupy the 8 additional seats in the National Assembly based on the religious and ethnic declarations of the candidates not elected, a system referred to as the 'Best Loser system'. Exceptionally, instead of 8, only 7 candidates were designated. Per the normal procedure, 4 best loser seats are alloted to candidates not elected but having obtained the highest percentage of votes as a member of a political party. However, they had to be of an appropriate religion or ethnic to maintain a balance in the parliament. 4 other seats are to be alloted so as not to change the result of the election. The Alliance de L'Avenir was alloted 4 additional seats whereas the Alliance du Coeur obtained 2 additional seats. Whereas the Electoral Supervisory Commission had no problem in attributing one seat to one candidate of the Rodrigues People's Organisation, they had difficulty in choosing a candidate for the 8th seat, which normally has to be a Sino-Mauritian of one of the two other successful parties in this election. But given neither the Mauritian Solidarity Front nor the Rodrigues Movement had candidates of this community during this election, no candidate was named for the 8th additional seat. 
Observers from the African Union for this election declared that the Best Loser system is problematic for the national unity of the country though it can reinforce social cohesion. They also considered the 2010 Mauritian general elections to have been 'free and transparent'.

</doc>
<doc id="20464385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464385" title="Jacob Eichholtz">
Jacob Eichholtz

Jacob Eichholtz (1776–1842) was an American painter, known primarily for his portraits. Born in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, he spent most of his professional life in Philadelphia. Eichholtz was trained as a coppersmith, but turned to painting as soon as practical. He is known to have painted over 800 portraits over the course of 35 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20464397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464397" title="Mexican legislative election, 2009">
Mexican legislative election, 2009

Legislative elections were held in Mexico on 5 July 2009. Voters elected 500 new deputies (300 by their respective constituencies, 200 by proportional representation) to sit in the Chamber of Deputies for the 61st Congress. 
Opinion Polling.
Opinion polling, by pollster Demotecnia, that was taken less than a month before the election showed the Institutional Revolutionary Party with 36%, the National Action Party with 31%, and the Party of the Democratic Revolution with 16%.
Voto en blanco.
A none of the above movement, dubbed "voto en blanco", or "blank vote", had arisen in response to the perceived corruption of the three major parties running in this election. Starting as a small group on blogs and YouTube, the movement had expanded its ranks, with politicians and intellectuals, such as Jose Antonio Crespo, supporting the movement. Pollster Demotecnia showed that 3% of the people would be willing to boycott the elections in response to the "voto en blanco" movement. 
Opposition to the movement came from organizations such as the Federal Electoral Institute, a government institute who seeks to expand voter participation, who claimed that the response to an unsatisfactory democracy is not to have fewer people vote but to have more people involved in the electoral process.

</doc>
<doc id="20464429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464429" title="John Dawson (musician)">
John Dawson (musician)

John Collins Dawson IV (June 16, 1945 – July 21, 2009), nicknamed "Marmaduke", was an American musician, singer, and songwriter. He was best known as the leader and co-founder of the country rock band the New Riders of the Purple Sage.
Musical career.
John Dawson was born in Chicago. His family moved to California in 1952. The son of a Los Altos Hills, California filmmaker, he took guitar lessons from a teacher and friend from the Peninsula School in Menlo Park, California. For high school he attended the Millbrook School near Millbrook, New York. While at Millbrook, he took courses in music theory & history and sang in the glee club.
After a stint at Occidental College, Dawson's musical career began in the mid-1960s folk music scene in the San Francisco Bay Area. There he met fellow guitarist David Nelson, and was part of the rotating lineup of Mother McCree's Uptown Jug Champions, a jug band that included Jerry Garcia and several other future members of the Grateful Dead. Dawson was also heavily influenced by the Bakersfield sound genre of country music.
By 1969, Dawson had written a number of country rock songs, and Garcia had become interested in playing pedal steel guitar. Joined by Nelson, they formed the New Riders of the Purple Sage. The New Riders became the opening act for the Grateful Dead, and their original lineup included three Grateful Dead members — Garcia on pedal steel, Phil Lesh on bass, and Mickey Hart on drums. Within a year, Dave Torbert replaced Lesh and Spencer Dryden replaced Hart in the New Riders lineup, with Garcia continuing to play in both bands. In 1970 and 1971, the New Riders and the Grateful Dead performed many concerts together. In November 1971, Buddy Cage replaced Jerry Garcia as the New Riders' pedal steel player, allowing NRPS to tour independently of the Dead.
During this same period, Dawson appeared as a guest musician on three Grateful Dead albums — "Aoxomoxoa", "Workingman's Dead", and "American Beauty". With Jerry Garcia and Robert Hunter, he co-wrote the song "Friend of the Devil".
In the years that followed, Dawson and Nelson led a gradually evolving lineup of musicians in the New Riders of the Purple Sage, playing their psychedelic influenced brand of country rock and releasing a number of studio and live albums. In 1982, David Nelson and Buddy Cage left the band. John Dawson and the New Riders carried on without them, taking on more of a bluegrass influence with the addition of multi-instrumentalist Rusty Gauthier to the group. NRPS continued to tour intermittently and released the occasional album. Then, in 1997, Dawson retired from the music business, moved to Mexico, and became an English teacher, and the New Riders disbanded.
In 2005, David Nelson and Buddy Cage revived the New Riders of the Purple Sage, without Dawson's participation but with his agreement and moral support. Subsequently Dawson made several guest appearances at New Riders concerts.
Dawson died in Mexico of stomach cancer on July 21, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20464442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464442" title="Portuguese legislative election, 2009">
Portuguese legislative election, 2009

Legislative elections in Portugal were held on 27 September 2009 to renew all 230 members of the Assembly of the Republic. The Socialist Party, led by incumbent Prime Minister José Sócrates, won the largest number of seats, but didn't repeat the overall majority they gained in 2005.
The Socialist Party of Prime Minister José Sócrates came in first despite losing 9% of the vote and 24 seats.
In these elections there were approximately 9.5 million Portuguese at home and abroad called to determine the 230 seats in the Assembleia da República and 18th constitutional government in Portugal after 1976. The Socialists won the election with a clear lead over the conservative Social Democrats, with big gains for the People's Party and for the Left Bloc.
The election took place during the regular end of the previous four-year legislative period. From 2005 to 2009 ruled by the Socialist Party (PS), led by José Sócrates, with an absolute majority. The opinion polls at the beginning of the official election campaign on 12 September 2009, showed a too close to call race between the Socialists and the conservative Social Democrats, but just days before the election the Socialists increased their lead over the Social Democrats. A total of 13 parties and two coalitions competed in this election.
Focus of the campaign were the impact of global economic and financial crisis and the construction of new infrastructure projects, including the high-speed rail link Lisbon-Madrid and Lisbon-Porto-Vigo and the new Lisbon airport.
Neither of the two major parties won an absolute majority in the Assembly of the Republic, so, the future prime minister must form a coalition, or at least rely on other parties to govern. In this case, José Sócrates is in a better position than Manuela Ferreira Leite, since the Portuguese left won by 54.23% of the vote and 128 seats, against 39.54% and 102 deputies to the right.
On 12 October, José Sócrates was invited by President Aníbal Cavaco Silva to form government. The new cabinet was announced on 22 October and sworn in on 26 October. 
Voter turnout was one of the lowest in Portuguese election history, as 59.7% of the electorate cast a ballot. 
Electoral system.
The Parliament of the Portuguese Republic consists of a single chamber, the Assembly of the Republic, composed of 230 members directly elected by universal adult suffrage for a maximum term of four years. Assembly members represent the entire country, rather than the constituencies in which they were elected. Governments require majority support in the Assembly in order to remain in office.
Each one of Portugal's eighteen administrative districts, as well as each one of the country's two autonomous regions - the Azores and Madeira - is an electoral constituency. Portuguese voters residing outside the national territory are grouped into two electoral constituencies - Europe and the rest of the world - each one of which elects two Assembly members. The remaining 226 seats are allocated among the national territory constituencies in proportion to their number of registered electors.
Political parties and party coalitions may present lists of candidates. The lists are closed, so electors may not choose individual candidates in or alter the order of such lists. Electors cast a ballot for a single list. The seats in each constituency are apportioned according to the largest average method of proportional representation (PR), conceived by the Belgian mathematician Victor d'Hondt in 1899. Although there is no statutory threshold for participation in the allocation of Assembly seats, the application of the d'Hondt method introduces a "de facto" threshold at the constituency level.
Parties.
The parties that partook in the election, and their leaders, were:
José Sócrates, leader of the Socialist Party, was nominated Prime Minister.
Opinion polling and preliminary exit polls.
Poll results are listed in the table below in reverse chronological order, showing the most recent first. The highest percentage figure in each polling survey is displayed in bold, and the background shaded in the leading party's colour. In the instance that there is a tie, then no figure is shaded but both are displayed in bold. The lead column on the right shows the percentage-point difference between the two parties with the highest figures. Poll results use the date the survey's fieldwork was done, as opposed to the date of publication.
Opinion polls.
The following table shows the opinion polls of voting intention of the Portuguese voters before the election. Those parties that are listed are currently represented in parliament. Included is also the result of the Portuguese general elections in 2005 and 2009 for reference.
Exit polls from the three major television networks in Portugal, RTP1, SIC and TVI were given precisely at 20:00PM (local time) on 27 September 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20464485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464485" title="The Best Of (Sash! album)">
The Best Of (Sash! album)

The Best Of is the seventh album by German DJ Sash!. It was released by Hard2Beat on 20 October 2008. It's a double album, including all of Sash!'s celebrated hits (on the first disc) and 12 remixes from four different songs (on the second disc).
Notes.
There is also an Extended Edition from the album, which contains the Extended Versions from Track 1-13 on CD 1. This edition can only be bought in the iTunes Store.

</doc>
<doc id="20464491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464491" title="Horncastle by-election, 1920">
Horncastle by-election, 1920

The Horncastle by-election of 1920 was a parliamentary by-election held for the British House of Commons constituency of Horncastle in Lincolnshire on 25 February 1920. The seat had become vacant when the sitting Coalition Unionist Member of Parliament, William Weigall, who had held the seat since 1911, resigned upon being appointed Governor of South Australia. 
Candidates.
The Unionists, as representatives of the Liberal-Conservative Coalition government of David Lloyd George had as their candidate, Stafford Vere Hotchkin (1876-1953), a farmer, former soldier, Sheriff of Rutland and a local Justice of the Peace. The Liberals were represented by Samuel Pattinson (1870-1942), a local businessman and sometime Alderman of Lincolnshire County Council. William Holmes stood for the Labour Party.
The "Coupon" revisited.
Hotchkin quickly received the endorsement of both the prime minister and the leader of the Conservative Party, Andrew Bonar-Law. In his letter to Hotchkin, Lloyd George emphasised the need to resuscitate and develop British agriculture in which task he said Hotchkin as a ‘practical farmer’ would be able to help the government. Bonar-Law stressed the continuing need for parties to work together in the national interest in difficult times. In effect Hotchkin was receiving the equivalent of the government ‘coupon’ which had been issued at the 1918 general election.
Issues.
Agriculture.
Agriculture dominated the election in this rural constituency. Labour had hopes of picking up the votes of the agricultural workers who were members of the Agricultural Labourers’ Union but William Holmes was reported as alienating potential supporters by making speeches about revolution and bloodshed. It was expected that the Liberals would gain land workers’ votes put off by the apparent extremism of Holmes’ electioneering. While the Coalition government was losing popularity across the country, it was reported that Hotchkin was a strong local candidate who knew about farming from a practical point of view. In the post-war environment, the availability and price of food and of animal feed were also issues. All the candidates strongly supported the encouragement and development of small holdings. Hotchkin was a sometime Chairman of the Lindsey Small Holdings Committee 
Government influence.
A related concern was government influence over private life and business, through over-regulation and bureaucracy, as well as examples of waste and extravagance from an administration in far away London. This theme was taken up by the Liberal, who also attacked Labour for their plans for nationalisation. 
Result.
The declaration of the poll did not take place until 9 March 1920 because of the government’s continuing to keep in force a wartime regulation delaying the announcement of election results. By this time news of H H Asquith's by-election win in Paisley had become known and this encouraged the Liberals to hope for a good result at Horncastle. In the event, however, the seat was held for the Coalition by Hotchkin with a majority of 1,413 over Pattinson, with Labour in third place. Turnout was 77.1% as opposed to 68.2% at the previous general election, which had been a straight fight between Conservative Coalitionist and Liberal candidates. 
Candidates’ reaction.
All three candidates were able to draw a positive conclusion from the result. Hotchkin was clearly gratified to have won and credited his success to a combination of popular satisfaction with the Coalition government and his status as a local man. Pattinson blamed his lack of success on the intervention of a Labour candidate, splitting the anti-coalition vote and presumably hoping Labour’s third place would discourage them from standing a candidate at future elections. Holmes said he had done well, coming late into the contest a perfect stranger to the constituency and was pleased to have established a solid Labour movement there. 
Hotchkin took his seat in the House of Commons on Friday 12 March 1920. He served as MP for Horncastle until 1922 when Pattison won the seat at that year’s general election. 
Aftermath.
The intervention of the Labour party was not viewed as a success as they chose not to contest the seat at the 1922 General Election. At this election, the new Unionist MP retired and Pattinson gained the seat for the Liberals. Labour avoided running a candidate again until 1929 when their candidate took enough votes off the Liberals to allow the Unionists to win again.

</doc>
<doc id="20464498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464498" title="Saint Kitts and Nevis general election, 2010">
Saint Kitts and Nevis general election, 2010

General elections were held in Saint Kitts and Nevis on 25 January 2010 for eleven of the fourteen or fifteen seats in the National Assembly. The other three or four members of the National Assembly will be appointed by the Governor-General after the elections.
The ruling Saint Kitts and Nevis Labour Party (SKNLP), led by Prime Minister Denzil Douglas, won a fourth term in office. It was opposed in the campaign by the opposition People's Action Movement (PAM), led by Lindsay Grant. Both parties received much of their support from the island of Saint Kitts, which chooses eight of the eleven elected members of the National Assembly.
On the neighboring island of Nevis, local parties, including the Nevis Reformation Party (NRP) and the Concerned Citizens' Movement (CCM), vied for three seats in the National Assembly. Support from Nevisian political parties could decide control of the national government in a tight election.
The continuing economic crisis was a major issue in the campaign. The national debt of Saint Kitts and Nevis had risen to US$2 billion under the SKNLP government, roughly $50,000 per citizen. Prime Minister Denzil Douglas shrugged off accusations that he had let the debt spiral upward during his fifteen years in office: 
Election background.
Before the 2010 election, the Labour Party controlled seven of the eight seats allocated to the island of Saint Kitts in the Assembly. The opposition People's Action Movement (PAM) controlled the other Saint Kitts seat. From nearby Nevis, the Concerned Citizens' Movement (CCM) controlled two of Nevis' three seats in the Assembly, while the opposition Nevis Reformation Party (NRP) controlled the other seat.
Prime Minister Douglas, speaking to a crowd of approximately 15,000 in Basseterre on 9 January 2010, announced the dates for the upcoming election. He set Nomination Day for 15 January 2010, with the general election to be held on 25 January.
Voting.
Armed police had to respond to protests alleging voting irregularities in the constituency where the PAM leader Lindsay Grant was up against Glen "Ghost" Phillips of the SKNLP. PAM supporters contended that "outsiders" were being brought into the Half Way Tree Community Centre, seven miles (11 km) from the capital Basseterre, to vote. Elsewhere in the country, voting was reported to be calm "amidst overcast skies following some intermittent morning showers".
Results.
On Saint Kitts, the SKNLP won six out of the eight seats. The PAM gained a new National Assembly member, Eugene Hamilton, while PAM deputy leader Shawn Richards retained his seat. Prime Minister Denzil Douglas retained his seat for Constituency Six by a margin of 1905 votes to 179.
On Nevis, the Concerned Citizens' Movement (CCM) won two seats, with the Nevis Reformation Party (NRP) taking the third.

</doc>
<doc id="20464517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464517" title="Hibriten High School">
Hibriten High School

Hibriten High School is located in Lenoir, NC. It is a public school in the Caldwell County, North Carolina School system. Caldwell County is located in the foothills region of North Carolina. The school's mascot is the Panther.
History.
Hibriten Academy.
The Hibriten Academy was founded in 1885 on the Wildwood Road. It was a larger school than most of the ones for that period of time as it had three teachers and students of all ages. The rooms were heated with pot-bellied stoves, and the boy students had to cut the wood to keep the fires going. Water was carried to the rooms in a bucket and the students had their own cup to pour the water into from the bucket. Hibriten Academy was consolidated with Kings Creek High at the end of the 1932 school term.
Building and construction of Hibriten High School.
Following a survey of the schools of Caldwell County in 1963, the State Department of Public Instruction recommended that three of the rural schools—Oak Hill, King's Creek, and Happy Valley—be consolidated. It was also recommended that a new building be constructed on a new site for the consolidated high school. Thirty-five acres of land, located in the Lower Creek section of the county, were purchased at a cost of $37,500.
In 1962, an architect was employed for a period of two years to complete plans for the building. Designed in a plan similar to a split-level building, the school consists of three levels and contains departments in science, home economics, English, French, math, social studies, music, physical education, drama, child care center, and vocational studies which include technical drafting, business, introduction to vocations, agriculture, carpentry, graphics, electronics, bricklaying, and the work study programs of industrial cooperative training and distributive education. The building also includes administrative offices for the principal, assistant principal, secretary, guidance suite, visual air room, two first-aid rooms, and a conference room. The cafeteria seats 250 people. 
Located at the foot of the Hibriten Mountain, the school was given the name of Hibriten High School. Its mascot is a panther, and the school colors are red, black and white. It is located two miles from the main thoroughfare of the city of Lenoir. The school was officially opened in the fall of 1966 with Kenneth A. Roberts as principal and Ronald Beane as assistant principal. Student enrollment for the 1966-67 school term was 715, with a faculty of 42. The class of 1967 graduated 118 students. Five elementary schools send students to Hibriten High School.
The gymtorium and music building were completed in 1972 with the gym seating 1800 people.
School bands.
The Hibriten High School Symphonic Band is the main band of the school. It was established in 1966. As of Spring 2013, the bands (both symphonic and concert bands) have accumulated fifty superior ratings (20 consecutive by the symphonic band as of March 2013), with most of them in Grade VI music (the most difficult level).
Of note are the band directors who taught at Hibriten and who are now in the North Carolina Bandmaster's Hall of Fame. These include George Kirsten (George Kirsten's sister Dorothy Kirsten sang operatic mezzo-soprano in the NY Metropolitan Opera), and Camilla Graeber. Other HHS Band directors have been honored by the Northwest District of the NC Bandmasters Association including Dennis Carswell, John Craig, and Bill Witcher.
School songs.
Hibriten Fight Song.
The fight song was written by Captain Ralph Ostrom.
Hibriten Alma Mater.
The alma mater was written by Kathryn Wilson and Jon Craig.

</doc>
<doc id="20464520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464520" title="Aruban general election, 2009">
Aruban general election, 2009

General elections were held in Aruba on 25 September 2009 to choose the 21 members of the Estates (the parliament of Aruba). Aruba is an autonomous region of the Kingdom of the Netherlands and has full autonomy over its internal affairs with defence and foreign affairs overseen by the Dutch government. The elections were the seventh to be held for membership of the Estates since autonomy was granted by the Dutch in 1986.
Election background.
The Estates are the 21 seat legislature of Aruba and members are elected for four year terms using a proportional representation system of election, with each party being allowed to place up to 29 people on their party list. The members are not elected to constituencies and represent the entire electorate. The party or coalition which wins a majority will select a Prime Minister. Prior to this election the People's Electoral Movement (MEP) were the governing party, holding eleven seats. The main opposition Aruban People's Party (AVP) held eight with the Network of Electoral Democracy and the Aruban Patriotic Movement holding a seat apiece.
Eight political parties contested the election and there were 64,600 eligible voters. Pre-election polls showed the Aruban People's Party were expected to win, campaigning to reduce inflation and abolish a tax on local business. The AVP also pledged to address concerns over the island's oil refinery operated by Valero Energy, which has been closed since mid-July and provided jobs for around one thousand people, and a recent decline in tourists visiting the island. The People's Electoral Movement pledged to diversify the economy and reduce debt and living costs.
The political parties of Aruba were represented by specific colors during the campaign. For example, the winning Aruban People's Party (AVP) is known as the "green party," the Movimiento Electorial di Pueblo (MEP) is the "yellow party" and the independent Real Democracy Party is identified as the "red party."
Election.
Eight separate political parties and 167 individual candidates contested the election for seats in the Estates. The Aruban Director of the Register of Population and electoral council member Sharline Luidens forbade the press from taking photos inside polling stations during the election.
A turnout of 85% was recorded for the election which proceeded without disruption. Governor Fredis Refunjol and his wife, Clarette, voted at the Sacred Heart School in Savaneta early Friday morning and urged all Arubans to vote as well. Incumbent Prime Minister Nelson Oduber and his wife, Glenda, cast their ballots at the EPB School in Hato, on the edge of Oranjestad. AVP leader Mike Eman voted in the afternoon at the Colegio Arubano, a junior-senior high school, with his wife, Doina, and his brother, Henny Eman, who was Aruba's first Prime Minister. Doina Eman, who is originally from the United States, had recently acquired her Dutch passport and this was the first Aruban election in which she was eligible to vote.
Polls closed in Aruba at 7:00 pm local time. Early results began filtering in approximately 8:30 pm. The first results reported in were from the Noord District, which showed a marked support for the AVP. Twelve election precincts in Oranjestad, the capital, were also won by the AVP early in the evening. The AVP, which is identified by the color green, also won eight polling stations in San Nicolas, the site of the recently closed Valero Energy oil refinery.
Support declined for Nelson Obuder's MEP party across the island. The MEP, which is known as the "yellow party", captured its traditional stronghold of Santa Cruz, as well as precincts in portions of Savaneta and Paradera. Support for the MEP ultimately dropped from eleven to eight seats in the Estates. Nelson's MEP party received a total of 19,812 votes nationwide, which was 6,673 votes less than the winning AVP. 
The AVP, led by Mike Eman, claimed 48% of the vote and twelve seats in the Estates, making Eman the 5th Prime Minister-Elect of Aruba with an absolute majority of three seats in the 21-seat House. The MEP won 36% of the vote and eight seats, with the final seat being won by the Real Democracy Party. This meant that Nelson Oduber, the demissionary Prime Minister of Aruba, had lost control of the Estates for the first time in eight years. Eman arrived at the AVP party headquarters in Oranjestad, where he was greeted by approximately 2,000 supporters dressed in green, the color of the AVP. The victory was marked by AVP supporters letting off fireworks and unfurling flags in the green livery of the party. In his speech, Eman thanked Aruba's Latino and Haitian communities. The winning party of an Aruban election traditionally celebrates with a parade following the election. 
Oduber blamed the MEP's defeat on Dutch interference in Aruba's affairs, in particular referring to a recent announcement that the Dutch authorities would commence an investigation into corruption on the island. Oduber also singled out Valero Energy CEO Bill Klesse, accusing him of taking sides in the election against the MEP by closing the refinery shortly before the election took place. In a speech carried only on Aruban Channel 22, Oduber did not congratulate the winning AVP. Instead, he said that the AVP should work to fulfill its "unreal promise" to Arubans. 
In some respects, the 2009 election mirrored the 1985 election. In 1985, the oil refinery in San Nicholas had also closed down shortly before the election, costing the ruling party seats in the Estates. 

</doc>
<doc id="20464528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464528" title="Testing, adjusting, balancing">
Testing, adjusting, balancing

HVAC Testing, Adjusting and Balancing (TAB) are the three major steps used to achieve proper operation of HVAC (heating, ventilation, and air conditioning) systems. TAB usually refers to commercial building construction and the specialized contractors who employ personnel that perform this service.
In general, the TAB specialist performs air and hydronic measurements on the HVAC systems and adjusts the flows as required to achieve optimum performance of the building environmental equipment. The balancing is usually based upon the design flow values required by the Mechanical Engineer for the project, and the TAB contractor submits a written report which summarizes the testing and balancing and notes any deficiencies found during the TAB work. 
See AABC, NEBB or NBCTA.
Testing.
Testing is the use of specialized and calibrated instruments to measure temperatures, pressures, rotational speeds, electrical characteristics, velocities and air and water quantities for an evaluation of equipment and system performance.
Adjusting.
Adjusting is the final setting of balancing devices such as dampers and valves, adjusting fan speeds and pump impeller sizes, in addition to automatic control devices such as thermostats and pressure controllers to achieve maximum specified system performance and efficiency during normal operation.
Balancing.
Balancing is the methodical regulation of system fluid flows (air or water) through the use of acceptable procedures to achieve the desired or specified airflow or water flow.

</doc>
<doc id="20464542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464542" title="Arboretum de Segrez">
Arboretum de Segrez

The Arboretum de Segrez is a historic arboretum located within the Domaine de Segrez on Rue Alphonse Lavallée, Saint-Sulpice-de-Favières, Essonne, Île-de-France, France.
The arboretum was established in 1857 as a scientific undertaking by Pierre Alphonse Martin Lavallée (1836-1884), a French botanist and horticulturist. It included a herbarium and botanical library, and by 1875 was one of the largest collections of woody plants in the world. After Lavallée's death in 1884, scientific cultivation of the arboretum ceased, but a number of mature specimens can still be seen on the domain's grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="20464547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464547" title="Red Murff">
Red Murff

John Robert Murff (April 1, 1921 – November 28, 2008) was a relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from through for the Milwaukee Braves. Listed at , 195 lb., Murff batted and threw right-handed. He attended Gettysburg College.
A native of Burlington, Texas, Murff started his professional baseball career in A and AA ball. On June 8, , while pitching for the Texas City Texans, he threw a no-hitter against the Harlingen Capitals. A year later he pitched 19⅔ innings of a 20-inning game, in a lost cause against the Texarkana Bears, who defeated the Texans, 3–2. Then, in 1955 was selected both the Minor League Player of the Year by "The Sporting News" and Texas League Pitcher of the Year after going 27–11 for the Dallas Eagles.
Murff entered the majors in 1956 with the Braves as a 35-year-old rookie, having been signed by Milwaukee scout Earle W. Halstead. In a story chronicled in Murff's biography "The Scout", Halstead negotiated with Dick Burnett, owner of the Dallas Eagles in the Texas League, where Murff played. The two sides reached an impasse until Halstead proposed a game of gin rummy with the winner setting the terms of the trade. Halstead won and the Braves paid Burnett $40,000 and three players from the 40 man roster to obtain Murff's contract. In part of two seasons, he posted a 2–2 record with a 4.65 ERA and three saves in 26 appearances, including two starts, giving up 26 earned runs on 56 hits and 18 walks while striking out 31 in 50 ⅓ innings of work. 
Following his majors career, Murff coached in the minors and managed the 1960 Jacksonville Braves of the South Atlantic League. As a scout for the New York Mets, he discovered and signed future Hall of Famer pitcher Nolan Ryan and All-Star catcher Jerry Grote. Ryan, later named president of the Texas Rangers, noted his friendship with Murff in his 1999 Hall of Fame induction speech.
In the early 1970s, Murff helped start the University of Mary Hardin-Baylor baseball program, and retired to Tyler, Texas in 1991 after serving 34 years as a scout. He was inducted into the Texas Baseball Hall of Fame in 1989 and the Texas Scouts Association Hall of Fame in 1999, and in 1994 the UMHB’s ballpark was named in his honour, Red Murff Field. 
Murff died in a Tyler nursing home at the age of 87.

</doc>
<doc id="20464549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464549" title="Macanese legislative election, 2009">
Macanese legislative election, 2009

Legislative elections were held in Macau on 20 September 2009. The official campaign began on 5 September, and several candidates received warnings from the Electoral Affairs Commission for having begun campaign activities beforehand.
As in 2005, there are 29 seats, only 12 of which are elected by universal suffrage under the highest averages method. The rest are "elected" by the functional "constituencies" or appointed by the Chief Executive.
The pro-democracy lists.
This year, there are four lists advocating universal suffrage and political reforms.
In both 2001 and 2005, the New Democratic Macau Association, also referred as the democrats by local media, received the highest number of votes. Due to the divisors (1,2,4,8...) employed in the highest averages method, they only managed to win 2 seats on both occasions (they would have achieved 3 seats had the d'Hondt formula been used instead). Because of this, they split into two lists, namely Associação de Próspero Macau Democrático (APMD) and Associação Novo Macau Democrático (ANMD), contesting the election with the same manifesto. Similar strategies have been used by the Democratic Party of Hong Kong in the Hong Kong legislative elections, with mixed successes. APMD is led by Antonio Ng while Au Kam San leads ANMD, which means both lists have outgoing deputies (deputados) as their leading candidates.
The democrats campaign for one man one vote for the CE in 2014 (with nominations from the 300-member election committee) and direct election with public nominations in 2019. For the AL, they suggest abolishing all indirectly elected seats in 2013 and the end of appointed seats by the CE in 2017.
Agnes Lam, a local writer and an assistant professor of the University of Macau, leads the newly formed Observatório Cívico campaigning for direct election for the chief executive (CE) in 2019 and a directly elected legislative assembly (AL) by 2023. In addition to universal suffrage, Observatório Cívico also campaigns for reforming the electoral system by introducing multiple votes. She has also spoken against self-censorship in the local media and emphasised the importance of freedom of press. Some have questioned her pro-democracy views, with her being vice president of the pro-Beijing Macao Youth Foundation.
Associação de Activismo para a Democracia, the most radical list of the four, concentrates on campaigning for universal suffrage for both CE and AL by 2019, but is less concerned about other issues. Their leading candidates were removed by the security during a CCAC (Comissariado Contra a Corrupção) rally for "clean election", which was represented by all 16 lists, after shouting slogans on stage. They only received 654 votes (0.52%) in 2005.
Ng Seng Fong's pullout.
The 4th candidate of Au Kam San's list (Associação Novo Macau Democrático or ANDM), Ng Seng Fong has resigned and pulled out from the election on 16 September. A local Chinese language newspaper revealed that Ng was given a 3-year sentence in July for frauds dating back to 2005. Ng claimed that she herself did not know about the said court case and only found out about it on the internet. It is unclear how the court case carried out without her knowledge given that she commutes from Zhuhai to Macau frequently using her BIR (Macau ID card) to go through the custom. She has now filed an appeal against the decision. The police has launched an investigation into the leaks of these reports. It is claimed that only a handful of officers have access to the said records.
The pro-Beijing lists.
The pro-Beijing lists can be divided into two categories, the ones with links to the business sector (especially the gaming industry) and those with traditionalist backgrounds.
This year, they turn their attention to the economic crisis which has hit the gambling industry of Macau particularly badly. União para o Desenvolvimento emphasises on the need to diversify the local economy as well as reforming labour laws. União Macau-Guangdong on the other hand campaigns for greater cooperation between Macau and mainland China. Family reunification for immigrants from mainland China is also a campaign issues for various lists. 
Some of the pro-Beijing lists include political reform in their manifestos. However, they do not appear to support universal suffrage in the near future. UPP for example suggests the enlargement of election committee which would continue to elect the chief executive indirectly. AACPP and Aliança P’ra Mudança go further by claiming that Macau is "not ready" for universal suffrage.
Gaming industry.
The gaming industry has a strong presence in the election. Casinos in Macau currently employ 50,000 people, it is therefore expected that at least four seats would go to candidates with links to the industry according to a study carried out by Hong Kong Baptist University. Angela Leong, the director of STDM is expected to be re-elected under the list Nova União para Desenvolvimento de Macau. Melinda Chan, the leading candidate for Aliança Pr'a Mudança, has also worked in the gaming and hotel industry. She campaigns against raising tax rates for the casinos and insists that casinos should bare no social responsibilities. Chan Meng Kam, the owner of Golden Dragon casino, together with Ung Choi Kun are running for re-election under the list Associação dos Cidadãos Unidos de Macau. They came second in 2005, but it was later revealed that their list was linked to a vote buying case for which 7 people were sent to prison.
The election commission ruled that it is illegal to display campaign materials in casinos. However, the list of Angela Leong has ignored this ruling and continued to display political posters in Grand Lisboa, a casino owned by STDM.
Macanese candidates.
A unified list consisting of mainly candidates with Portuguese descent (Macanese), some born in Macau and others in Portugal, contests in this legislative election, under the name Voz Plural - Gentes de Macau. The list also has Chinese members. The platform calls for the protection of the heritage of Macau in a modern context of multiculturalism. One of the main issue they campaign for is to protect rights of foreign workers in RAEM, in bid to win votes from the sizeable Philippines and Indonesian communities. Voz Plural is the only list which campaigns in roughly equal proportions in Chinese, Portuguese and English (see below).
The top two candidates of Nova Esperança, José Pereira Coutinho and Rita Santos, are both Macanese. However, unlike Voz Plural, Nova Esperança concentrates on issues of labour rights and social issues. The outgoing deputy José Pereira Coutinho has proposed, but without success, the trade union bill twice during his time in the assembly so far.
Both lists support gradual political reforms and increasing the number of directly elected deputies in AL. However, their programs are less ambitious than the pro-democracy lists. In particular, Voz Plural does not campaign for universal suffrage according to their manifesto, due to a perception that such claim is not realistic for the next 4 years, proposing instead the increase of directly elected members from 12 to 18.
Languages.
There is no restriction on the choice of language used in the campaigns. Traditionally, candidates concentrate on winning votes from the Chinese majority. With the participation of Voz Plural, more efforts are being made to translate manifestos into minority languages this year. For the first time, ANMD (and APMD) will make use of its campaign air time on the Portuguese channel of TDM. União Promotora para o Progresso (UPP) also campaigns in both Chinese and Portuguese. Associação de Apoio à Comunidade e Proximidade do Povo (AACPP), Observatório Cívico and Voz Plural all campaigns in three languages (Chinese, Portuguese and English). AACPP even sends out leaflets in Braille.
The use of Portuguese became an important election issue this year. During a debate between the two leading Macanese candidates, Casimiro Pinto and José Pereira Coutinho, organised by Ponto Final, discrimination against monoglot Portuguese was discussed. Apart from Voz Plural, Aliança Pr’a Mudança also supports multilingualism. Their education policies include promoting bilingual (Chinese and Portuguese) teaching in Macau. UPP also supports bilingualism favouring stronger ties with other lusophone trading partners.
Controversies.
UPP's false start.
União Promotora Para o Progresso (UPP), a list associated to the Kaifong association, has breached election regulations by distributing campaign materials outside the legal campaign period (5 to 18 September). On 20 August, Au Kam San of the ANMD made an official complaint to the electoral commission after UPP distributed leaflets on the street and published campaign advertisements with pictures of the UUP candidates in a local magazine, União Geral das Associações de Moradores de Macau. The said magazine was published with subsidies from Fundação Macau. The democrats accused Fundação Macau of financing "illegal" campaigns using public funds. However, the president of the electoral commission, Vasco Fong, ruled that the actions of UUP were due to ignorance and refused to punish the list.
Internet war.
There have been reports that some candidates received malicious emails containing a virus that would delete all the data of victims' computers. Observatórico Cívico claimed that they received tens of such messages. Many rumours have been spread on various internet forums. Many accusations were made against the democrats on the CTM forums, including claims of Au Kam San's link to Falun Gong.
Smears against Kwan Tsui Hang.
Anonymous posters were displayed throughout the city making false accusations against the outgoing deputy and the leader of União Para o Desenvolvimento, Kwan Tsui Hang. The posters claimed that Kwan was against government's recent cash relief scheme and would rather allocate the funds for corruption purposes. Kwan has denied all such claims. Despite having complained to the election commission, the posters continued to appear on the streets asserting peopole were making the wrong choice (for electing Kwan).
Ballot and Results.
There are in total 16 lists, down 2 from 2005. In one form or another, 9 lists have contested in the 2005 election. The ballot order was announced on 29 July.
The election commissioner delayed the announcement of the final results after recording a large number of spoilt votes. On the first count, there were 6,539 spoilt votes, but 5,467 of them have been validated on the recount. Melinda Chan, the leading candidate of Aliança Pr'a Mudança, immediately filed a complaint against the decision arguing that according to electoral law, a tick should be put inside the designated box for the vote to be valid. On 28 September, the court of last repeal (o Tribunal de Última Instância) ruled in favour of Melinda Chan and concluded that only 41 of the original spoilt votes should be valid. The ruling does not change the overall outcome of the election with the 12 original elected deputies remaining elected, but there is a slight change in the "ranking" of the lists. 
The strategies of the democrats paid off, they managed to increase 1 seat which means there will be 4 pro-democracy deputies (including José Pereira Coutinho) in the new assembly. The traditionalists lost one seat despite both UPP and UPD increased their number of votes. In fact, UPD received the largest number of votes as a single list and saw the largest increase in votes. For the pro-business camp, there remain 5 deputies, 4 of which from the gaming industry. Analysts pointed out that there has not been a huge change in the make up of the AL which continues to be dominated by the pro-Beijing camp.
Turnout.
28 polling stations were open from 9am to 9pm. A total of 149,006 (59.91% of registered voters) people voted, a record high. The regional breakdowns are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="20464555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464555" title="Kedco">
Kedco

Kedco plc is a bioscience energy company operating in the United Kingdom and Ireland which was established in 2005. 
Stock market listing.
Kedco floated on the Alternative Investment Market(AIM) of the London Stock Exchange on Monday October 20, 2008. Kedco was admitted to the AIM at 17.5c per share giving the company a market capitalisation of €35.0million. Share price since launch spiked at over 30 cent a share before falling over the following months and as of early May 2010 stands at 7 cent a share. The company has made significant losses since its foundation in 2005, however losses have fallen along with revenue since an investment by FBD and entry into the LSE. On 17th February 2010 the company announced that it had "been unable to secure financing on suitable terms" for a development in Newry, Co. Down and that it may have to "pursue alternative means of maintaining adequate cash reserves including management of its working capital position". On May 10th 2010 the company admitted that it had still not been successful in finding alternative funding and announced the appointment of external advisers to assist in this aim. The company was subsequently able to source adequate funding to meet its day to day obligations, however February 2011 saw renewed fears being expressed that the company was about to delist from the AIM. Subsequently the Chief Executive Officer resigned on 31 March 2011.
Divisions.
Kedco operates 2 distinct divisions targeting both Residential and Industrial client bases.
The Power division specialises in power generation from sustainable fuel sources with Kedco providing bio-science solutions to industrial clients by converting waste into an energy resource. 
The Energy division supplies renewable energy heating products within Ireland, primarily to Residential customers.
Kedco registered with Sustainable Energy Ireland as Wood pellet Boiler manufacturers despite being only registered resellers of boilers manufactured by OPOP (a Czech company). Kedco had originally established a franchise network to supply its wood pellet boilers and stoves to the Irish public but most franchisees had terminated their contracts within twelve months.
While both divisions are in operation to date, the company stated in a press release in late 2008 that "Kedco Power constitutes the main part of the company going forward".
Proposed biogas plant.
A group of residents of templeusque, Co. Cork have claimed that the company has been associated with a proposed development of a Biogas generating plant in Co. Cork. At present planning has not yet been granted for the plant but residents have established a website to demonstrate their opposition to the proposed development. 

</doc>
<doc id="20464565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464565" title="Mountaineer Militia">
Mountaineer Militia

October 11, 1996, seven men having connections with the Mountaineer Militia, a local anti-government paramilitary group, were arrested on charges of plotting to blow up the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Criminal Justice Information Services Division in Clarksburg, WV. While members of the group had been assembling large quantities of explosives and blasting caps, militia leader Floyd Raymond Looker obtained blueprints of the FBI facility from a Clarksburg, West Virginia firefighter. Plastic explosives were confiscated by law enforcement officials at five locations in West Virginia, Pennsylvania, and Ohio. Looker was taken into custody after arranging to sell the blueprints for $50,000 to an undercover FBI agent, whom he believed to be a representative of an international terrorist group. In 1998 Looker was sentenced to 18 years in prison. Two other defendants were sentenced on explosives charges, and the firefighter drew a year in prison for providing blueprints.

</doc>
<doc id="20464572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464572" title="Anne Frank (disambiguation)">
Anne Frank (disambiguation)

Anne Frank (1929–1945) was a Jewish girl and diarist.
Anne Frank may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20464588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464588" title="Queensland state election, 2009">
Queensland state election, 2009

The Queensland state election was held to elect members to the unicameral Parliament of Queensland on 21 March 2009. The election saw the incumbent Labor government led by Premier Anna Bligh defeat the Liberal National Party of Queensland led by Opposition Leader Lawrence Springborg, and gain a fifth consecutive term in office for her party. Bligh thus became the first female Premier of any Australian State elected in her own right.
The 2009 election also marked the eighth consecutive victory of the ALP in a general election since 1989 although it was out of office between 1996 and 1998 as a direct result of the 1996 Mundingburra by-election.
Results.
The two-party preferred result was 50.9% for Labor and 49.1% for the LNP, a swing of 4.1% from Labor's result of 2006. Nonetheless, Labor retained a comfortable majority in the legislature, largely due to taking 34 out of 40 seats in Brisbane.
Seats changing hands.
¶ Ronan Lee was elected as a member of the Labor Party in 2006, but he defected to the Greens in 2008.
One of the gains by the Liberal Nationals was the defeat of the Minister for Sustainability, Climate Change and Innovation Andrew McNamara (Hervey Bay). The Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Education, Training and the Arts, Bonny Barry (Aspley), was also defeated.
Date.
The previous state election was held on 9 September 2006 to elect the 89 members of the Legislative Assembly. In Queensland, for the government to serve a full-term, an election will be held approximately three years following the previous election. In Queensland, Section 80 of the "Electoral Act 1992" states that an election must be held on a Saturday; and that the election campaign must run for a minimum of 26 or a maximum of 56 days following the issue of the writs. Five to seven days following the issue of the writs, the electoral roll is closed, which gives voters a final opportunity to enrol or to notify the Electoral Commission of Queensland of any changes in their place of residence.
Legislative Assembly.
A redistribution saw Labor notionally pick up three seats. Therefore, the LNP notionally needed to pick up 22 seats rather than 20 seats to form a majority government, which equated to an unchanged uniform 8.3 percent two party preferred swing.
Former Premier Peter Beattie resigned in September 2007, which triggered the October 2007 Brisbane Central by-election.
Parties contesting the election.
† Contested 2006 elections as Liberal Party (49 seats) and National Party (40) seats.
Both the Australian Labor Party and the Greens contested all 89 seats. This was the first Queensland state election in which the Greens contested every seat. The LNP contested every seat except Gladstone (held by an Independent), which they avoided for strategic reasons. A total of 397 candidates contested the election—the largest number of candidates to contest a Queensland election since 1998.
Polling.
Newspoll polling was conducted via random telephone number selection in city and country areas. Sampling sizes usually consist of around 1000 electors, with the declared margin of error at around ±3 percent.

</doc>
<doc id="20464593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464593" title="Gamelan Council">
Gamelan Council

The Gamelan Council – Asia-Pacific Microfinance, Public Health & Development Centre (Gamelan Council) is an international non-governmental, non-profit initiative addressing the microfinance, public health, and international development needs of communities in, on, and around the Pacific Rim. For these purposes, the Gamelan Council views the Asia-Pacific region quite broadly in line with APEC; the jurisdictions covered are claimed to account for approximately 65% of the world's population. The Council’s activities, which include conducting research, making investments, and providing education and advice, are centrally coordinated.
History.
The Gamelan Council is an offshoot of the Global Consulting Group (GCG), a non-profit, non-partisan consulting firm focused on supporting international development efforts which has since been disbanded. As GCG’s efforts became more geographically focused on the Asia-Pacific region and thematically focused on microfinance and public health developmental issues, the Gamelan Council formed to focus specifically on these areas. 
The name of the organization is a combination of the Indonesian word referring to a music ensemble, ‘Gamelan,’ and English word referring to a Native American, community-fostering ritual, ‘Council’ (the same term used to refer commonly to a group of individuals providing advice and counsel). These two terms capture the Gamelan Council’s goal of harmoniously unifying the arrays of forces and ideas affecting the areas on which the Gamelan Council focuses its efforts.
Jurisdictions addressed.
The Gamelan Council operates predominantly in 73 states and territories on, near, and around the Pacific Rim, including every jurisdiction with a coastline on the Pacific Ocean and several other, significant population centres adjacent to or closely linked to the Pacific Rim (e.g., India, Nepal, and Pakistan). In 2010, the Gamelan Council also commenced pilot projects in both (a) Central Asia (i.e., Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan) and (b) South America (i.e., Paraguay, Uruguay, Guyana, and Suriname) which complement its other activities centered around the Pacific Rim.
These jurisdictions are divided into three main geographic groups and are listed below, organized generally by geography (i.e., Americas from north to south; Asia from west to north and then south; and Oceania from west to east):
Key activities.
The Gamelan Council focuses on three main sets of activities addressing microfinance, public health, and international development issues. These include (a) research (e.g., conducting targeted studies of trends in the microfinance, public health, and international development sectors); (b) investment (e.g., raising capital to support successful Asia-Pacific microfinance providers and assisting entrepreneurs developing new technologies addressing basic needs throughout the Asia-Pacific region); and (c) education and advice (e.g., developing seminars, providing consulting services to social entrepreneurs, and coordinating conferences on microfinance, public health, and international development in the Asia-Pacific region).

</doc>
<doc id="20464605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464605" title="MTV Hits (Italy)">
MTV Hits (Italy)

MTV Hits is an Italian television channel and plays chart hits non-stop with many music-related themed zones. It is broadcast on Sky Italia channel 704 and on IPTV services.

</doc>
<doc id="20464628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464628" title="Bad Brains discography">
Bad Brains discography

This is a comprehensive discography of Bad Brains, a Washington, D.C.-based hardcore punk band. To date, the band has released nine full-length studio albums (counting an instrumental dub album), two EPs, four live recordings, two compilation albums and twenty-five singles.

</doc>
<doc id="20464629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464629" title="Botswana general election, 2009">
Botswana general election, 2009

General elections were held in Botswana on 16 October 2009. They were the 10th general elections held since Botswana's independence in 1966. Botswana's parliament has 61 seats, of which 57 are elected using a single-member district plurality system, meaning there are 57 constituencies, each electing a single MP. Four more seats are co-opted: elected MPs vote on who will occupy them. Besides parliament, Batswana also voted for local councils.
The Botswana Democratic Party won the majority of seats and will form the next government of Botswana.
Parties.
All parties represented after the 2004 General Election in Botswana's parliament contested the 2009 election: the Botswana Democratic Party (BDP), the Botswana National Front (BNF) and the Botswana Congress Party (BCP). Several smaller parties also took part, as well as 15 independent candidates (in 13 constituencies).
The BDP fielded a candidate in each of the 57 constituencies. Its leader, President of Botswana Ian Khama, was not a candidate, but Vice-President of Botswana Mompati Merafhe defended his seat in Mahalapye West. The BDP has won every election in Botswana since independence.
BNF leader Otsweletse Moupo did not run as a candidate. He had intended to defend his parliamentary seat for Gaborone West North, but lost the BNF primary election there. It was speculated that he would try to get his party's nomination in Gaborone South, but ultimately Moupo declined to contest the election. In the 2004 election, Moupo stood for election in Selebi-Phikwe West, but lost to BDP candidate Kavis Kario. He was elected into parliament for Gaborone West North in a 2005 by-election, held after the death of BNF MP Paul Rantao.
The BCP is allied with the Botswana Alliance Movement (BAM), and they support each other's candidates. BCP–BAM fielded candidates in 46 constituencies, even though only 36 are mentioned on their website. BCP leader Gilson Saleshando stood for election in Selebi-Phikwe West, a constituency held prior to the election by BDP candidate Kavis Kario.
Opinion polls.
Very few scientific opinion polls were taken prior to the election, preventing accurate measures of public sentiment.
Before the election.
Problems within the BDP.
The BDP is currently experiencing significant internal problems, with President Khama threatening to expel party leader and former cabinet minister Daniel Kwelagobe, leader of the Barata-Phathi faction within the BDP. While Khama and Kwelagobe made amends, stability within the BDP remains open to question.
Problems with voting by police and polling officers.
Because police officers and polling officers have to conduct the elections on 16 October, early voting was planned for these people. This was to be done on September 29. However, because of a printing error at the Johannesburg based printer, this could not proceed as planned. Ballot numbers, which should be unique to counter election fraud, sometimes repeated on the ballots for local elections. Police officers and polling officers now had to vote on 16 October, along with the general public. For officers stationed far away from the place they are registered to vote, this could present serious problems. The BCP has threatened legal action against the IEC.
Voting abroad.
Early voting in polling stations abroad took place on 3 October in 26 external polling stations across the world.
Results.
Election turnout was reported to be high with polling station opening times being extending to cope with large queues. Election observers stated that the overall process ran smoothly, although in some instance people had been unable to vote. The BDP improved on its 2004 results, securing this time an extra seat to take it to 45 of 57 seats in the assembly. The opposition Botswana National Front (BNF) dropped from twelve seats to six. The Botswana Congress Party, a splinter of the BNF, increased its representation from one seat to four with their allies in the Alliance Movement also gaining a seat. Nehemiah Modubule, MP for Lobatse, won re-election running as an independent, having been elected in 2004 for the BNF. Despite winning a vast majority of seats the BDP benefited from the first past the post election system with the combined vote of the two main opposition parties being enough to beat the BDP in many constituencies. BDP party targets were to increase their representation to at least 50 seats but a spokesman said the party was happy with the result.
The Botswana Democratic Party won a majority of the votes, with the BNF narrowly defeating the BCP-BAM coalition for second place.
The result gave Khama another five years in power as president. He was inaugurated soon after the election, and a victory rally took place in Gaborone on 18 October.

</doc>
<doc id="20464638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464638" title="19th Light Dragoons">
19th Light Dragoons

The 19th Light Dragoons was a cavalry regiment of the British Army created in 1781 for service in British India. The regiment served in India until 1806, and in North America during the War of 1812, and was disbanded in Britain in 1821.
History.
Formation.
The 19th Light Dragoons was raised by Colonel Sir John Burgoyne (a cousin of General John Burgoyne) as the 23rd Regiment of Light Dragoons on 24 September 1781 for service in India. There had been no European cavalry to that date in India, and successive commanders there had called upon the regular British Army to supply a cavalry unit. The regiment arrived at Fort St. George, Madras in 1782 and became the first British cavalry regiment to serve in India. In 1786, the regiment was renumbered as the 19th Light Dragoons.
India.
The 19th played a major role in the Anglo-Mysore Wars and Anglo-Maratha Wars. Their first campaign was against Tipu Sultan of Mysore from 1790 to 1792. After defeating Tipu, the 19th were on garrison duty until 1799 when war broke out with Tipu again. This time, the Sultan was killed during the Battle of Seringapatam.
In 1800, the 19th fought Dhoondia Wao's rebel army and in 1803, led by Major-General Arthur Wellesley (who later became the Duke of Wellington), they participated in the Battle of Assaye. In this battle, the outnumbered British troops defeated a Maratha army and the regiment was subsequently awarded the battle honour of "Assaye" and presented with an honorary colour.
The 19th Light Dragoons then spent time garrisoning various British outposts. They were stationed at Cheyloor in 1802, at Arcot in 1803, in Bombay in 1804, and at Arcot again from 1805 to 1806. The regiment was summoned to Vellore on the night of 10 July 1806 to rescue the 69th Regiment of Foot who had been the victims of a revolt by Indian sepoys.
North America.
The regiment embarked for England on 20 October 1806, and remained in Britain until the outbreak of the war with the United States in 1812. The 19th were one of the only two British regular cavalry units that served in North America during the War of 1812, and the only one to serve in Canada. (The 14th Light Dragoons served in campaigns on the American coast.) The regiment's first three squadrons arrived at Quebec City in May 1813 and were mounted on horses procured in Lower Canada.
Two squadrons were sent to Upper Canada where they were involved in the blockade and re-capture of Fort George, and the destruction of Black Rock and Buffalo in New York State. Elements of the two squadrons participated in Colonel Thomas Pearson's delaying action against Brigadier General Winfield Scott's brigade during the American invasion of 1814. They subsequently fought at the Battle of Chippawa, the Battle of Lundy's Lane and the Siege of Fort Erie. Another troop pursued American raiders who had struck at Battle of Malcolm's Mills. For these actions, the regiment earned the battle honour of "Niagara".
The other squadron had been stationed south of Montreal and participated in the Battle of Plattsburgh. In the autumn of 1814, the two squadrons serving on the Niagara rejoined the other squadron. The regiment served south of Montreal until the end of the war. They were sent back to England in August 1816.
Disbandment.
The 19th Light Dragoons were re-equipped as lancers in September 1816 and renamed the 19th Lancers. The regiment remained in Britain until it was disbanded on 10 September 1821 due to reductions in size of the British Army. In 1862, the 19th Royal Hussars were created and given permission to inherit the battle honours of the 19th Light Dragoons.

</doc>
<doc id="20464663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464663" title="John Bowers (bishop)">
John Bowers (bishop)

The Rt Rev John Phillips Allcot Bowers (15 May 1854, Portsea, Portsmouth, Hampshire – 6 January 1926, Norwich) was Bishop of Thetford in the Church of England 1903-1926.
John Bowers was educated at Magdalen School and St John's College, Cambridge. His first post after ordination was as a Curate at Coggeshall. From 1882 to 1903 he was Domestic Chaplain to the Bishop of Gloucester and went on to be Diocesan Missioner and a Residentiary Canon at Gloucester Cathedral (1890–1902}. In January 1902 he was appointed Archdeacon of Gloucester before his elevation as Bishop of Thetford and Archdeacon of Lynn in 1903 which refers to Kings Lynn.
A prominent Freemason, he died on 6 January 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="20464676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464676" title="Tunisian general election, 2009">
Tunisian general election, 2009

Presidential and parliamentary elections were held in Tunisia on 25 October 2009. Results released on 26 October 2009 indicated a substantial victory for incumbent President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, who won the reelection for a fifth five-year term, and the governing Constitutional Democratic Rally. It was the last election contested under the Ben Ali regime, prior to the Tunisian Revolution.
Observers.
The African Union sent a team of election observers to cover the election. The delegation was led by Benjamin Bounkoulou who described the election as "free and fair". However, a spokesperson from the United States State Department indicated that Tunisia did not allow international monitoring of elections, but the U.S. was still committed to working with the president of Tunisia and its government. There also were reports of mistreatment of an opposition candidate.
Results.
The Interior Ministry released the official results for the election on Monday 26 October 2009. Voter turnout was recorded at 89.40% with 4,447,388 of Tunisia's 5.3 million registered voters participating. In the presidential race, incumbent president Zine El Abidine Ben Ali won 89.62% of the vote. His nearest rivals were Mohamed Bouchiha with 5.01% of the vote and Ahmed Inoubli with 3.80%, and Ahmed Brahum with 1.57%.
In the Chamber of Deputies election, the Democratic Constitutional Rally, which had governed continuously from Tunisia's independence from France in 1956 until the Tunisian Revolution, won 84.59% of the vote and 161 seats. The Movement of Socialist Democrats won 16 seats with 4.63% of the vote, the Popular Unity Party won 12 seats and 3.39% of votes, The Unionist Democratic Union won 9 seats with 2.56%. The remaining 16 seats were divided between the Social Liberal Party, who won eight seats, the Green Party for Progress, who won six and the Movement Ettajdid who won two seats.

</doc>
<doc id="20464688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464688" title="Xiao-Gang Wen">
Xiao-Gang Wen

Xiao-Gang Wen () (born November 26, 1961) is a Chinese-born American physicist. He is a Cecil and Ida Green Professor of Physics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. His expertise is in condensed matter theory in strongly correlated electronic systems.
He is the author of a well-known book in advanced quantum many-body theory entitled, "Quantum Field Theory of Many-body Systems: From the Origin of Sound to an Origin of Light and Electrons" (Oxford University Press, 2004).
Wen studied superstring theory under theoretical physicist Edward Witten at Princeton University where he received his Ph.D. degree in 1987. He later switched his research field to condensed matter physics while working with theoretical physicists Robert Schrieffer, Frank Wilczek, Anthony Zee in Institute for Theoretical Physics, UC Santa Barbara
(1987–1989).
Wen introduced the notion of topological order (1989) and quantum order (2002), to describe a new class of matter states. This opens up a new research direction in condensed matter physics. He found that states with topological order contain non-trivial boundary excitations and developed chiral Luttinger theory for the boundary states (1990). The boundary states can become ideal conduction channel which may lead to device application of topological phases. He proposed the simplest topological order — Z2 topological order (1990), which turns out to be the topological order in the toric code. He also proposed a special class of topological order: non-Abelian quantum Hall states. They contain emergent particles with non-Abelian statistics which generalizes the well known Bose and Fermi statistics. Non-Abelian particles may allow us to perform fault tolerant quantum computations. With Levin, he found that string-net condensations can give rise to a large class of topological orders (2005). In particular, string-net condensation provides a unified origin of photons, electrons, and other elementary particles (2003). It unifies two fundamental phenomena: gauge interactions and Fermi statistics. He pointed out that topological order is nothing but the pattern of long range entanglements. This led to a notion of symmetry protected topological (SPT) order (short-range entangled states with symmetry) and its description by group cohomology of the symmetry group (2011). The notion of SPT order generalizes the notion of topological insulator to interacting cases. He also proposed the SU(2) gauge theory of high temperature superconductors (1996).
On September 16, 2011 it was announced that Dr. Xiao-Gang Wen would be leaving MIT to join the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada. The Perimeter Institute is the largest theoretical physics research and academic organization in the world. Wen comes to Waterloo as the inaugural holder of the BMO Financial Group Isaac Newton Chair. The prestigious position was funded by a $4 million gift from the BMO Financial Group, matched by another $4 million from Perimeter’s existing endowment. The BMO Financial Group Isaac Newton Chair in Theoretical Physics at Perimeter Institute is the first of five chairs planned by the Perimeter Institute, to be named after scientists whose insights defined modern physics. The first Chair is named for Sir Isaac Newton, considered by many to be one of the most brilliant and influential thinkers in human history. He described the universal laws of gravitation and motion, laying the groundwork for the modern scientific description of the universe.
Publications.
Other publications:

</doc>
<doc id="20464725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464725" title="W. Adams">
W. Adams

W Adams was the first manager of Shrewsbury Town F.C. He managed the club for seven years, between 1 May 1905 and 31 May 1912, during which period the club moved from Copthorne barracks ground to the Gay Meadow site. He was also manager during the then-record attendance for a Shrewsbury Town match of 5,000 against Wellington Town.

</doc>
<doc id="20464727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464727" title="MTV Classic (Italy)">
MTV Classic (Italy)

MTV Classic is an Italian television channel and play 70s, 80s and 90s music videos with related chart hits. The channel is based on the Videomusic library and broadcast only on Sky Italia channel 705 however, it is also available on Italian IPTV services. Until 10 January 2011 the name of the channel was MTV Gold.

</doc>
<doc id="20464734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464734" title="Colin Lynch">
Colin Lynch

Colin Lynch (born 1973 in Lissycasey, County Clare) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling and Gaelic football with his local clubs Kilmaley and Lissycasey, and was a member of the Clare senior inter-county hurling team from 1997 until 2008.
Playing career.
Club.
Colin played for Éire Óg ever before he played for Kilmaley. Lynch plays his club hurling with his local club Kilmaley and has enjoyed much success. After almost twenty-five years without any major championship victories, Kilmaley contested the final of the county junior championship in 1996. Kilnamona provided the opposition, however, Lynch ended up on the losing side on that occasion.
In 1998 Lynch lined out in his first county senior championship final. The famous St. Joseph's Doora-Barefield club provided the opposition, however, Kilmayley still came up short and Lynch ended up on the defeated side.
The following year Kilmaley were back in the junior hurling decider. Clonlara were the opponents on that occasion, however, for the second time Lynch's side faced defeat.
2004 saw Kilmaley finally break the barrier at senior level when they lined out against St. Joseph's in the senior championship decider. Lynch's side triumphed that day to collect their first senior county title since 1985.
Lynch also played Gaelic football with his local club Lissycasey and enjoyed much success. He won a county intermediate championship winners' medal in 1994, however, success at senior level was slow in coming. After defeat in senior county finals in 1998 and 2006, Lynch won a county senior championship winners' medal in 2007, following a five-point victory over Éire Óg.
Inter-county.
Lynch first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Clare senior team in 1994. He was included on the senior panel that year, however, it would be another few years before he secured a definite place on the starting fifteen.
Lynch made his debut in a Munster Championship quarter-final against Kerry in 1997. Clare had an easy win that day. A subsequent victory over Cork gave Lynch the chance to line out in his first Munster final. Tipperary were the opponents on that occasion and an exciting game was expected. Both sets of players did not disappoint. Clare led by five points at half-time, however, Tipp fought back in the second-half. In one of the best games of the decade Clare defeated Tipperary by 1-18 to 0-18. It was Lynch's first Munster winners' medal and Clare's first ever victory over Tipperary in the provincial decider. Clare were now hot favourites to reclaim the All-Ireland title. They showed their class against Kilkenny in the subsequent All-Ireland semi-final, thus booking their place in the All-Ireland final. The introduction of the so-called 'back-door system' saw Tipperary provide the opposition in that game. For the second time that year both sides served up a classic. Clare had the upper-hand for much of the game, however, Tipp remained close behind. Liam Cahill and Eugene O'Neill scored two goals for Tipp in the last ten minutes to set up an exciting finish. A draw looked likely, however, a classic late point from Jamesie O'Connor secured a narrow 0-20 to 2-13 victory for Clare. It was Lynch's first All-Ireland winners' medal. In winning the 1997 All-Ireland title Clare beat Cork, Kilkenny and Tipperray (twice) - the so-called big three of hurling. In doing so they became only the second team ever, along with Waterford in 1959, to achieve this.
In 1998 Clare were the hot favourites to retain their All-Ireland title. All was going to plan, however, Lynch's side drew with Waterford in the Munster final. The replay was one of the most controversial games of hurling ever played. Before the sliotar was had even been thrown in, Lynch was pulling recklessly across Peter Queally and Tony Browne. A melee ensued two minutes into the game and Lynch punched Browne. Brian Lohan and Michael White were red-carded for also fighting, however, Lynch escaped being sent to the line. The rest of the game was played in an extremely bad spirit and Clare emerged the victors by 2-16 to 0-10. It was Lynch's second Munster winners' medal, however, the game was subject to much media discussion over the following week. The Munster Council later suspeded Lynch for three months. He was a huge loss for the subsequent three-game All-Ireland semi-fina saga with Offaly, a marathon run of games which Clare eventually lost, thus surrendering an All-Ireland title which they had been hot favourites to retain.
The following few seasons proved difficult for Lynch and for Clare. In spite of the team going into decline, Clare still qualified for the Munster final again in 1999. By now the 'hurling revolution' of the 1990s was drawing to a close as the 'old order' returned. Cork provided the opposition on that occasion, however, Clare were still the favourites going into the game. An exciting contest unfolded with Cork's Joe Deane scoring a key goal after an excellent pass from Seánie McGrath. A score line of 1-15 to 0-14 gave Cork the victory and saw Clare surrender their provincial title for the first time since 1996. Lynch's side, however, still had a chance to recalim the All-Ireland title via the 'back-door'. A defeat of Galway in a replay set up an All-Ireland semi-final meeting with Kilkenny. Clare were now on a downward spiral as Kilkenny secured a 2-14 to 1-13 victory thanks to D.J. Carey.
The next few seasons saw Clare exit the provincial championship at an early stage, while manager Ger Loughnane also departed. In 2002 Clare exited the Munster race at the first hurdle, however, the newly expanded qualifiers system saw Lynch's side record subsequent victories over Dublin, Wexford, Galway and Waterford to reach the All-Ireland final. It was Lynch's second appearance in the championship decider. Kilkenny were the opposition and there was no doubt in the pundits' minds that there would be anything but a victory for 'the Cats'. Henry Shefflin and D.J. Carey combined to score 2-13, while Clare's forwards missed two easy goal chances. At the full-time whistle Kilkenny were the champions by 2-20 to 0-19.
Lynch's side faced early defeats in the provincial championships of 2003 and 2004. The team regrouped in the latter year and forced reigning champions Kilkenny to a draw in the All-Ireland quarter-final. 'The Cats' went on to win the replay with five points to spare.
Provincial defeat was Clare's lot again in 2005, however, Lynch's side reached the All-Ireland semi-final via the qualifiers. Cork were the opponents that day and found life difficult with a primed Clare team countering their every attack. 'The Rebels' fell behind by seven points at the start of the second-half. A huge performance by Cork turned this deficit around and Lynch's side eventually went on to lose the game by 0-16 to 0-15. Lynch had a chance to level the game with seconds left, however, his shot went wide.
Clare reached the All-Ireland semi-final again in 2006, this time with Kilkenny providing the opposition. After a reasonably good performance Clare fell short again as 'the Cats' went on to win the game and later take the All-Ireland title.
In 2008 Clare ended their first-round bogey in Munster and reached the final of the competition for the first time since 1999. A resurgent Tipperary provided the opposition on that occasion and an exciting game was expected, however, Tipperary were much too strong for 'the Banner' county. The game was far from a classic as Lynch's side eventually lost by 2-21 to 0-19. This defeat was not the end of the road, as Clare later lined out against Cork in the All-Ireland quarter-final. Clare were the favourites against a Cork side that was seen as past its prime. The team justified their favourites tag as Cork trailed by eight points at half-time. The second-half was a different story as Cork took control. At the long whistle Lynch's side were defeated by 2-19 to 2-17. This defeat marked the end for Lynch as he announced his retirement from inter-county hurling just before the start of the 2009 championship.
Championship Appearances.
"Scores and results list Clare's tally first."

</doc>
<doc id="20464736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464736" title="Maastrichtian dialect">
Maastrichtian dialect

Maastrichtian or Maastrichtian Limburgish (respectively "Mestreechs" or "Mestreechs-Limburgs" ) is the city dialect and variant of Limburgish spoken in the Dutch city of Maastricht alongside the Dutch language (with which it is not mutually intelligible). In terms of speakers it is the most widespread variant of Limburgish, and is a tonal one. Like many of the Limburgish dialects spoken in neighbouring Belgian Limburg, Maastrichtian kept a lot of Gallo-Romance (or more accurately, French and Walloon) influences in its vocabulary. This Francophone influence can additionally be attributed to the historical importance of French with the cultural elite and educational systems as well as the historical immigration of Walloon labourers to the city . Despite being a specific variant of Limburgish, Maastrichtian remains mutually intelligible with other Limburgish variants, especially the ones of surrounding municipalities. 
Whilst Maastrichtian is still widely spoken, regardless of social level, research has shown that it is suffering from a degree of dialect loss amongst younger generations. This is the case in dwindling of speakers but also in development of the dialect (dialect levelling) towards Standard Dutch (e.g. the loss of local words and grammar).
Geographic distribution, social status and sociolects.
Maatrichtian being a city dialect, the terminology "Maastrichtian" ("Mestreechs") is practically limited to the municipal borders, with the exception of some places within the Maastrichtian municipality where the spoken dialects are in fact not Maastrichtian. These exceptions are previously separate villages and/or municipalities that have merged with the municipality of Maastricht namely Amby, Borgharen, Heer and Itteren.
The social status of Maastrichtian speakers is determined by the type of sociolect spoken by a certain person, with a division between Short Maastrichtian or Standard Maastrichtian ("Kort Mestreechs", "Standaardmestreechs") and Long/Stretched Maastrichtian ("Laank Mestreechs"). Short Maastrichtian is generally considered to be spoken by the upper and middle classes, whilst Long Maastrichtian is considered to be spoken by the working class.
A particular feature of Maastrichtian is that it gives its speakers a certain prestige. Research of the dialect showed that people talking the "purest" form of Maastrichtian, i.e. the Short Maastrichtian ("Kort Mestreechs") sociolect, were perceived by others to be the well-educated ones.
Written Maastrichtian.
The oldest known and preserved text in Maastrichtian dates from the 18th century. This text named "Sermoen euver de Weurd Inter omnes Linguas nulla Mosa Trajestensi prastantior gehauwe in Mastreeg" was presumably written for one of the carnival celebrations and incites people to learn Maastrichtian. As from the 19th century there are more written texts in Maastrichtian, again mostly oriented towards these carnival celebrations. Nowadays however, many other sources display written Maastrichtian, including song texts not written for carnival as well as books, poems, street signs etc.
Standardisation and official spelling.
In 1999, the municipal government recognised a standardised spelling of Maastrichtian made by Pol Brounts and Phil Dumoulin as the official spelling of the dialect.
Local anthem.
In 2002, the municipal government officially adopted a local anthem ("Mestreechs Volksleed") composed of lyrics in Maastrichtian. The theme had originally been written by Alfons Olterdissen (1865–1923) as finishing stanza of the Maastrichtian opera "Trijn de Begijn" of 1910.
Sounds.
The phonology of the Maastrichtian dialect, especially with regards to vowels is quite extensive due to the dialect's tonal nature. As it is the case in all other Limburgish dialects and the Dutch accent area in the region, Maastrichtian uses the so-called soft G.
Vocabulary.
Maastrichtian contains many specific words ample or not used in other Limburgish dialects some being creolisations/"limburgisations" of Dutch, French and German words while others cannot be directly subscribed to one of these languages.
(Historical) Vocabulary influences from other languages.
Maastrichtian vocabulary, as the language family it belongs to suggests, is based on the Germanic languages (apart from the Limburgish language family this also includes varying degrees of influence from both archaic and modern Dutch and German). However, what sets Maastrichtian apart from other variants of Limburgish is its relatively strong influences from French. This is not only because of geographic closeness of a Francophone region (namely Wallonia) to Maastricht but also because of French being the predominant spoken language of the Maastrichtian cultural elite and the higher secondary educational system of the region in the past. Some examples:
Other examples of Maastrichtian vocabulary.
Some examples of specific Maastrichtian vocabulary: 
Expressions and Titles.
Some examples of Maastrichtian expressions:

</doc>
<doc id="20464743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464743" title="Reba Lee">
Reba Lee

Reba Lee told her life story to writer Mary Hastings Bradley who put it in book form in "I Passed for White."
Published in 1956, this memoir was made into a movie in 1960.
The dust jacket of this book gives a short description of the story that goes as follows: "Reba Lee is a young Negro woman whose skin is almost white. Brought up in Chicago's vast coloured neighbourhoods, she knew quite early that something made her different from her darker family and schoolmates. Finally, grown-up and with a job, she ran away from home to another city and passed herself successfully as a white girl. Now began a difficult and tense, although fascinating, life for Reba. Intelligent and quick-witted as well as beautiful, she soon made a circle of friends for herself; listening, watching, imitating, she began to learn the knack of living in a white world, and outwardly at least, she was as assured and poised as any of the people she met. And then she met a man and fell in love with him and he with her. They were engaged, married. Fighting to keep her hard-won happiness, the secure happiness of being a white woman married to an attractive white man, Reba kept at bay the strain of a life of constant lying and an ever-present sense of danger. Until, with the knowledge that she was pregnant, came the enveloping terror that the baby might be dark-skinned. "Reba Lee", naturally, is a pen name. Mary Hastings Bradley, well known in America for her mystery stories and travel books, has set down Reba's story as it happened, simply and with its considerable natural suspense, making only the changes necessary to protect all of the people concerned.

</doc>
<doc id="20464758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464758" title="Racing Club Vichy">
Racing Club Vichy

Racing Club Vichy is a French semi-professional rugby union team. They currently play at the Fédérale 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20464773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464773" title="Tsarigradsko shose">
Tsarigradsko shose

Tsarigradsko shose (, "Tsarigradsko shosé", literally meaning "Tsarigrad (Istanbul) Road") is the largest boulevard in the capital of Bulgaria, Sofia. It begins from Orlov Most (Eagle's Bridge), before which it is called Tsar Osvoboditel Boulevard, and in the end becomes part of the Trakiya motorway (A1). It runs from the north-west to the south-east. The maximum allowed speed on Tsarigradsko shose is 80 km/h between Orlov Most and Gorublyane neighbourhood.
To the south the boulevard borders with Sofia's largest park, the Borisova Gradina, which hosts the National Stadium Vasil Levski and Bulgarian Army Stadium. A number of departments of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences are situated along the road in the area of the Fourth Kilometer Square, as well as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Polygraphic plant and several hotels including the emblematic Pliska Hotel. In the outskirts of the city there are a lot of hypermarkets and office buildings constructed along the boulevard. A fair part of the boulevard is in bad conditions, but reconstruction works are planned for 2013.
The boulevard bears the old Bulgarian name of the city of Istanbul (medieval Constantinople), "Tsarigrad", as it leads southeastwards out of the city, towards Plovdiv and Istanbul.
As of April 25, 2012 Tsarigradsko shose Metro Station started operation.

</doc>
<doc id="20464789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464789" title="Platax pinnatus">
Platax pinnatus

Platax pinnatus, also known as the pinnate batfish, dusky batfish, shaded batfish, or red-faced batfish is a fish from the western Pacific that occasionally is kept in marine aquariums.
Anatomy and morphology.
As a juvenile it is brown with orange stripe outlining its entire body. Adults become a dull silver. This fish grows to a maximum size of .
Importance to humans.
In captivity.
This is almost always a poor choice of fish for an aquarium. They are poor shippers, and typically die within the first few days in the aquarium. Even compared to other batfish they are known for being fragile. Those few that do survive lose their juvenile coloration and exhibit an adult color form typically considered less attractive.
In the wild.
"Platax pinnatus" has been observed to significantly reduce algal growths on coral in studies simulating overfishing on the Great Barrier Reef.

</doc>
<doc id="20464812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464812" title="Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing – Drama Series">
Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing – Drama Series

The Directors Guild of America Award for Television: Drama Series is an award presented by the Directors Guild of America to the best directed episodes of a dramatic television series. It has been presented annually since the 24th annual Directors Guild of America awards in 1972. The years denote when each episode first aired. The current eligibility period is January 1st to December 31st. The winners are highlighted in gold. 

</doc>
<doc id="20464837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464837" title="Big Reed Pond">
Big Reed Pond

Big Reed Pond in Montauk, Long Island in New York State is a freshwater pond that is mostly undeveloped. It was where the Montaukett tribe lived until the mid-19th century. It is a National Natural Landmark and is connected to Theodore Roosevelt County Park.
There is a hiking trail open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="20464850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464850" title="Greenlandic general election, 2009">
Greenlandic general election, 2009

General elections were held in Greenland on 2 June 2009. Prime Minister Hans Enoksen announced the election date on 15 April 2009, stating that he would prefer for a newly elected parliament to administer Greenland when the self-government reform takes effect on 21 June 2009. The reform will give more power to the Greenlandic parliament with decisions on most issues being devolved to the parliament but defence and foreign affairs remaining under the control of Denmark.
On 7 June 2009, Community of the People announced that it would form a coalition with the Democrats and the Independents.
Election summary.
The pro-independence, left-wing opposition party, Inuit Ataqatigiit (Greenlandic for: Community of the People), led by Kuupik Kleist, won the election, getting 43.7% of the votes. The governing Siumut Party (Greenlandic for Forward) led by Prime Minister Hans Enoksen took 26.5% of the vote and lost control of the government for the first time in 30 years.
Siumut is likely to be left out of government as both the Inuit Ataqatigiit and Demokraatit parties have ruled out the possibility of working with Siumut. Siumut's former coalition partner, Atassut, gained too few seats to make a new coalition powerful enough to challenge for the government.
A particular set-back for Siumut was the failure to re-elect Jonathan Motzfeldt, a familiar figure in Greenlandic politics having been the state's first and third prime minister who received just 91 votes and failed to be re-elected for the first time since 1971. Enoksen has stated that he would step down as party leader, a position he has held since 2002, if his colleagues wish him to. Siumut is believed to have lost votes over a recent series of scandals, including one over expenses, and concerns over its ability to manage with greater autonomy.
Kleist set a new record for most votes in a Greenlandic election with 5,461 received. This compares with Akitsinnguaq Olsen who was elected with just 112 votes. Greenland has a population of 57,600 people.

</doc>
<doc id="20464860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464860" title="MTV Brand New (Italy)">
MTV Brand New (Italy)

MTV brand:new was an Italian television channel which played mainly Indie music videos with many music-related themed zones and some productions from MTV USA like Beavis and Butt-head, subtitled in Italian.
It was broadcast only on SKY Italia channel 706 (available also on Italian IPTV services).
The channel was replaced by MTV Rocks on January 10, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20464880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464880" title="Robert Hindmarsh">
Robert Hindmarsh

Robert Hindmarsh (1759–1835) was an English printer and one of the original founders of Swedenborgianism.
Life.
He was born at Alnwick, Northumberland, on 8 November 1759. His father, James Hindmarsh, was one of John Wesley's preachers, and was in 1777 under training by Wesley in London; Robert, however, was never a Methodist. At 14 he got an apprenticeship as a printer in London, and he later opened his own print shop, setting up for himself at 32 Clerkenwell Close.
About 1781 he met with one of Anthoinette Bourignon's works, and afterwards with those of Hans Engelbrecht; a Methodist preacher complained of his lending about works of this class. He first discovered Emanuel Swedenborg's theology when he read "Heaven and Hell" and "Intercourse between the Soul and the Body" in 1782. He was instantly converted.
In December 1783 he formed a society (originally consisting of five members) for the purpose of studying Swedenborg's works. Hindmarsh found first three other readers of Swedenborg: Peter Prow, William Bonington, and John August Tulk. They organized a public meeting of readers of Swedenborg with an advertisement in the newspaper. The meeting took place on December 5, 1783 at the “London Coffee House” on Ludgate Hill. They were joined by one other member, William Spence. They met again on December 12 and were joined by Henry Pickitt and James Glen. A group of readers of Swedenborg slowly grew.
In January 1784 they formed “The Theosophical Society,” for translating, printing and distributing the writings of Swedenborg. Rooms were taken for Society in New Court, Middle Temple. Among the members were John Flaxman, William Sharp, two clergymen, and Hindmarsh's father, who left Methodism in 1785. Hindmarsh printed for this society Swedenborg's "Apocalypsis Explicata" (1785–1789), and in 1786 he issued his own abridgment of Bourignon's "Light of the World". A proposal made on 19 April 1787 to open a place of worship was defeated by John Clowes, who came from Manchester to oppose it. However, on 31 July sixteen worshippers met at the house of Thomas Wright, a watchmaker, in the Poultry. James Hindmarsh, his father, was chosen by lot to administer the sacraments; ten communicated, and five, including Robert Hindmarsh, were baptised into the ‘new church.’
On 27 January 1788 a chapel in Great Eastcheap (bearing over its entrance the words ‘Now it is allowable’) was opened with a sermon by Hindmarsh's father. On 1 June two priests, the elder Hindmarsh and Samuel Smith, another ex-Methodist preacher, were ordained by twelve members, of whom Robert Hindmarsh was one selected by lot. In 1789 Hindmarsh was expelled (with five others) on the ground of lax views of the conjugal relation, perhaps only theoretical. He therefore vowed never again to be a member of any society; but he became sole tenant of the premises in Eastcheap, the majority seceding to Store Street, Tottenham Court Road.
Hindmarsh fell into controversy with Joseph Priestley, to whom he had lent (1791) Swedenborg's works, and attended annual conferences of believers in Swedenborg's doctrine, advocating in 1792 the autocracy of the priesthood. Hindmarsh held a conference (of seven members) in 1793, at which a hierarchy of three orders was agreed on, and Great Britain parcelled into twenty-four dioceses; but for want of funds the Eastcheap chapel was closed within the year. A few years later he got his friends to build a ‘temple’ in Cross Street, Hatton Garden. It was opened on 30 July 1797 by Joseph Proud, who had moved from Birmingham. Proud left in 1799 owing to disputes with the proprietors, and the chapel subsequently became the scene of Edward Irving's labours.
Meanwhile Hindmarsh tried stockbroking, with only temporary success. In 1811 William Cowherd invited him to Salford to superintend a printing office for cheap editions of Swedenborg's works. He soon broke with Cowherd, but some of the hearers of Clowes and of Cowherd persuaded him to stay. He preached in Clarence Street, Manchester, from 7 July 1811, holding on Thursdays in 1812 a debating society, which he called the ‘new school of theology.’ His friends built for him (1813) a ‘New Jerusalem temple’ in Salford.
He was the founder of "The New Magazine of Knowledge" and the head of the Society for Promoting the Heavenly Doctrines of the New Jerusalem. At the conference held in Derby, 1818, over which Hindmarsh presided, it was resolved that he had been ‘virtually ordained by the divine auspices.’ Hindmarsh preached at Salford till 1824. After his retirement he wrote a history, from 1824 to 1834 working on the manuscript for "Rise and Progress of the New Jerusalem Church in England, America and Other Parts". He passed the work on to others (including the Rev. Edward Madeley) to edit and complete. It was published in London in 1861.’
He died on 2 January 1835 in his daughter's house at Gravesend, and was buried at Milton-next-Gravesend. He married on 7 May 1782, and had five children; his wife died on 2 March 1833.

</doc>
<doc id="20464890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464890" title="Mozambican general election, 2009">
Mozambican general election, 2009

General elections to elect the President, Assembly of the Republic, and Provincial Assemblies was held in Mozambique on 28 October 2009. Incumbent President Armando Guebuza ran for re-election as the FRELIMO candidate; he was challenged by opposition leader Afonso Dhlakama, who had stood as the RENAMO candidate in every presidential election since 1994. Also standing were Daviz Simango, the Mayor of Beira, who was a RENAMO member before founding his own party, the Democratic Movement of Mozambique (MDM), earlier in 2009.
Campaign.
Campaigning for the election began on 13 September 2009. There were 17 parties and two coalitions competing in the parliamentary election. Provincial assemblies were also at stake in the election. Citing problems in the papers submitted by the MDM when it filed to run, the National Elections Commission barred it from contesting the parliamentary election in nine out of 13 regions. Simango, who insisted there were no problems with the papers, was allowed to stand as a presidential candidate.
Prior to the election, Guebuza was heavily favored to win another term, and RENAMO, mired in a bitter feud with Simango and the MDM, was thought to have been seriously weakened since the previous election, held in 2004. On 14 October 2009, 20 minor parties backed Simango's candidacy. The Independent Party of Mozambique (PIMO), another minor party, chose to support Guebuza.
On the last day of campaigning, 25 October, each of the three main candidates held major rallies. At FRELIMO's rally in Nampula, Guebuza stressed a commitment to fighting poverty and working for "national unity, peace and development". Dhlakama concluded his campaign with rallies in Maputo, and he criticized the predominant role of FRELIMO in society: "Everything is mixed together today in Mozambique. The party, the police, schools, roads, journalists—everything has to be through FRELIMO. This has to stop." Simango, meanwhile, held his last rally in Beira, declaring that it was time to "end the games, end the abuses"; he pointed to the problems of unemployment and lack of medicine in hospitals when urging his supporters to turn out for the vote.
Voting at central Maputo's Polana secondary school on election day, Dklahama said that if he lost the election he would not run for President again. He also called for a high turnout, while stressing the importance of respecting the results and avoiding a post-election dispute.
Results.
According to provisional results announced on 2 November, incumbent president Guebuza won a landslide victory with about 75% of the vote. Turnout was estimated at about 42%. SADC observers said the election result was "a true reflection of the will of the people of Mozambique". Opposition party RENAMO was less content with the electoral conduct, demanding that the election be annulled. According to RENAMO spokesperson Ivone Soares, FRELIMO supporters stuffed ballot boxes with multiple votes and were assisted in doing so by the electoral commission, which provided them with additional ballot papers. A FRELIMO spokesperson, Edson Macuacua, dismissed the allegations, asserting that the election was free and fair and characterizing RENAMO as "lost and desperate".
On 11 November, the National Elections Commission officially announced that Guebuza had won the election with 75% of the vote; Dhlakama and Simango trailed with 16.5% and 8.6% respectively. Results for the parliamentary election were also announced, showing that FRELIMO had won 191 seats, followed by RENAMO with 51 seats and eight for the MDM. The Constitutional Council confirmed the results on 28 December. Continuing to allege fraud, Dhlakama said that RENAMO would boycott the opening of parliament.
After the newly elected deputies were sworn in, they elected Veronica Macamo, a FRELIMO Deputy, as President of the Assembly of the Republic in January 2010. Macamo was the only candidate for the position.

</doc>
<doc id="20464898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464898" title="David Forde (Clare hurler)">
David Forde (Clare hurler)

David Forde (born 5 July 1976 in Ogonnelloe, County Clare) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Ogonnelloe and was a member of the Clare senior inter-county team in the 1990s and 2000s. He played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="20464903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464903" title="Vianna da Motta International Music Competition">
Vianna da Motta International Music Competition

The Vianna da Motta International Music Competition was first constituted in 1957 in Lisbon in honor of José Vianna da Motta by his disciple Sequeira Costa, who remains its president; this inaugural edition was won by Naum Shtarkman. The competition, a member of the World Federation of International Music Competitions, has been held regularly since 1964. No competitor has been able to win the Vianna da Motta since the turn of the century.

</doc>
<doc id="20464907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464907" title="Laigh Kirk, Paisley">
Laigh Kirk, Paisley

The Laigh Kirk, Paisley was a congregation of the Church of Scotland and the original Burgh church of Paisley.
History.
The Laigh Kirk was founded in August 1738 by the Burgh of Paisley and by the Presbytery of Paisley as the parish church for the whole burgh, in response to the burgeoning population of Paisley and the dilapidated state of Paisley Abbey which, at that time, was outside of the Burgh limits on the opposite (western) bank of the River Cart. 
The Burgh and town of Paisley were formally disjoined as a parish from the old Parish of Paisley, which had served a large geographic area, at the August 1738 meeting of Paisley Presbytery, with the cover page of the first minute book of the church declaring it to be a "record of the Parish of the Burgh of Paisley".
In 1756 and again in 1781, as a result of Paisley's continued expansion, the parish was sub-divided with the creation of the High Kirk and the Middle Kirk, respectively. These three worked together under the auspices of the "Paisley Joint Session." 
The original Laigh Kirk building was located in New Street. In 1820, due to the ever growing size of its congregation, the Laigh Kirk moved to a new, much larger building on George Street.
The Laigh Kirk continued to grow and expand, as did Paisley; and to meet these demands a new congregation was seeded by the Laigh Kirk on Neilston Road, the South Church. Beginning its life as a Chapel of Ease under the Kirk Session of the Laigh Kirk, the events of the Disruption of 1843 saw this sister congregation leave the Church of Scotland and join the new Free Church of Scotland, as the Free South Church. It would be over 140 years before these two halves became whole again, with the reunion of the two congregations (by this time known as St George's Low and St Andrew's) in 1985. The name Laigh Kirk was re-established in Paisley and served the Parish from its Causeyside Street base, the building originally built as the Free South Church of Scotland.
On Thursday 6th January 2011, The Laigh Kirk united with the congregation of the former Castlehead Church of Scotland. The new congregation is called Stow Brae Kirk, and meets for worship in the former Laigh Kirk buildings on Causeyside Street.
Laigh Kirk and the formation of the Scottish Poor Laws.
In the early 19th century, following a collapse in the Paisley cotton trade, the Kirk Session of the Laigh and the burgh clashed over the right to poor relief under the existing Scottish Poor Laws. In particular, over the classification of those who were traditionally eligible - the church found it could only fund those physically unable to work and not the able-bodied unemployed. The financial crisis that followed for the church and the burgh, and the need for government intervention, was to play a large part in the redrawing of the existing Poor Laws.
The then minister, Rev Robert Burns, was to become an influential figure in the campaign for alleviation of the suffering of the urban poor. Most notably, his ‘Historical Dissertations on the Law and Practice of
Great Britain, and particularly of Scotland with regard to the Poor’, would be much cited by those who took up the cause. He would even be part of four deputations that visited London to petition Parliament on the subject.
Buildings.
The original New Street building was converted to an Arts centre in the 1980s and is still in use as the Paisley Arts Centre. In the late 1980s, the St George's (Low) building was converted into the St George's Court flats, with the facade being completely retained and the interior completely remodelled.

</doc>
<doc id="20464914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464914" title="Weekly Radio Address of the President of the United States">
Weekly Radio Address of the President of the United States

The Weekly Address of the President of the United States (also known as the Weekly Radio Address or Your Weekly Address) is the weekly discussion of current events in the United States by the President. Franklin D. Roosevelt was the first U.S. president to deliver such radio addresses. Ronald Reagan revived the practice of delivering a weekly Saturday radio broadcast in 1982, and his successors have all continued the practice.
As the Internet became mainstream, the weekly address was made available on other media. George W. Bush introduced an audio podcast feed and Barack Obama introduced a weekly video address during his presidential transition period.
History.
Franklin D. Roosevelt first began radio addresses as Governor of New York. As president he continued the tradition, which he called his fireside chats. The success of these presidential addresses encouraged their continuation by future presidents.
During a sound check prior to the radio address in August 1984, the then-President Ronald Reagan made the following gaffe as a way to test the microphone: "My fellow Americans, I'm pleased to tell you today that I've signed legislation that will outlaw Russia forever. We begin bombing in five minutes."
Barack Obama used YouTube for regular video addresses as President-elect and since his inauguration the weekly addresses have continued on the White House website, YouTube, and several major television networks.
It has long become customary for the President's Weekly Radio Address to be followed by a "response" (not always a topical response) by a member of the opposing political party. A common complaint about the President's Weekly Radio Address is that only a few radio stations cover the very short broadcasts, they are not advertised publicly, and very few Americans know how to locate the President's Weekly Radio Address on the radio dial (so very few listen to it).

</doc>
<doc id="20464942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464942" title="Wahsatch, Utah">
Wahsatch, Utah

Wahsatch () is a ghost town in Summit County, Utah, United States. It lies along I-80 at the northeastern end of Echo Canyon some east of Echo, and west of Evanston, Wyoming. Wahsatch was established as a railroad camp, later achieving local prominence in sheep ranching. It was inhabited from 1868 until the 1930s.
History.
Wahsatch was established in 1868 as a railroad construction camp, the first of many such camps set up in Utah by the Union Pacific Railroad in the process of building the First Transcontinental Railroad. From 1868 to 1869 a population of hundreds dug the Echo tunnel through the Wasatch Mountains west of town. Wahsatch soon became a major supply station and railhead, with its own roundhouse, workshops, boarding houses, and warehouses. When the transcontinental railroad was finished in May 1869, a meal station for waiting passengers was constructed.
During the tunnel construction in 1868–1869, Wahsatch was known as a wild and lawless place. Laborers spent their wages immediately in tent saloons. Shootings were common, and there is even record of a lynching. Lacking a formal cemetery, the town buried its dead in makeshift hillside graves. This violent period was short-lived; in the early 1870s Wahsatch's development was outpaced by that of nearby Evanston, Wyoming, and the railroad moved most operations to Evanston. The population sharply dropped, and most of the buildings were demolished. Wahsatch became little more than a point for loading livestock.
Toward the end of the 19th century, Wahsatch enjoyed a minor rebirth as a location central to the area's growing sheep ranches. A number of new dwellings were built as ranchers and laborers began to gather here annually for sheep shearing season. In the spring of 1899 alone, an estimated of wool was sheared. In June 1903 it was reported that 489 carloads of sheep had arrived at Wahsatch from their winter range. The town grew enough to justify the building of a new school in 1910. In 1916 Wahsatch became the headquarters for the construction of a second railroad tunnel, bringing another temporary surge in population. The railroad built a new depot and section houses in the 1930s, but Wahsatch soon declined, along with the sheep industry. The town was abandoned in the 1930s.
The townsite on the north side of the highway is on railroad property, but the ruins on the south side are on a public road and can be accessed. Most visitors see little more than an old wooden sign reading "Wahsatch" alongside the tracks, but there are some remnants of railroad buildings and equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="20464949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464949" title="Argentine legislative election, 2009">
Argentine legislative election, 2009

Legislative elections were held in Argentina for half the seats in the Chamber of Deputies and a third (24) of the seats in the Senate on 28 June 2009, as well as for the legislature of the City of Buenos Aires and other municipalities.
Background.
The elections were due to have been held on 25 October 2009. In March 2009, the Mayor of Buenos Aires, Mauricio Macri, moved to bring forward the date of elections to the Buenos Aires City Legislature to June 28, saying that it would increase transparency and democratic quality. Opposition figures criticised the decision, suggesting Macri was attempting to consolidate his power in the city, and building the career of his deputy, Gabriela Michetti, expected to head the list for Macri's coalition in the election. Similar changes to the election date had been introduced in the provinces of Santa Fe and Catamarca (March 2009).
Despite the criticism by politicians from Government ranks that Macri had abused the process by unilaterally changing the election date, President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner announced that she too would be introducing legislation to move the date of national elections forward by four months, to June 28. Despite great debate and the defections of some Peronist legislators, the proposal passed its Congressional stages quickly and the date was successfully changed. The Government claimed it would allow politicians to leave behind campaigning priorities and focus on tackling the ongoing local effect of the international financial crisis. Equally controversial was a decision by Front for Victory leader Néstor Kirchner (the current President's husband and predecessor) to advance stand-in candidates - prominent local lawmakers (notably Buenos Aires Province Governor Daniel Scioli, as well as 15 Greater Buenos Aires-area mayors) who, after the election, would be likely to cede their new seats to down-ticket names.
The elections resulted in a setback for the governing, center-left Front for Victory and its allies, which lost their absolute majorities in both houses of Congress. Former President Néstor Kirchner stood as head of his party list in the important Buenos Aires Province. Kirchner's list was defeated, however, by the center-right Republican Proposal (PRO) list headed by businessman Francisco de Narváez; the loss in Buenos Aires Province, though narrow, is significant as the province has been considered a Peronist stronghold and had helped maintain Kirchnerism as the dominant force in Argentine politics since 2003. Buenos Aires Vice Mayor Gabriela Michetti stood as head of the PRO list for the Lower House, and defeated four other prominent parties; the evening's surprise in Buenos Aires, however, was that of filmmaker Fernando Solanas' left-wing Proyecto Sur, which obtained second place.
The Kirchners' leading opposition on the center-left, the Civic Coalition, also made significant gains – particularly in the Senate, where they gained 7 seats. The Front for Victory had already lost 16 Lower House members and 4 Senators on the heels of the 2008 Argentine government conflict with the agricultural sector over a proposed rise in export tariffs. The crisis was defused by Vice President Julio Cobos' surprise, tie-breaking vote against them on July 16, 2008; but fallout from the controversy led to the President's distancing from Cobos (who successfully supported his own party list in his native Mendoza Province), a sharp drop in presidential approval ratings, and the aforementioned congressional defections. One especially successful ex-Kirchnerist was Santa Fe Province Senator Carlos Reutemann, who after the agrarian conflict formed Santa Fe Federal. His new party narrowly bested local Socialist Party leader Rubén Giustiniani, who would garner one of Santa Fe's three Senate seats. The Front for Victory retained a plurality in both houses, however (they will, with two allies, be one seat short of an absolute majority in the Senate).

</doc>
<doc id="20464954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464954" title="Lute Song (musical)">
Lute Song (musical)

Lute Song is a 1946 American musical with a book by Sidney Howard and Will Irwin, music by Raymond Scott, and lyrics by Bernard Hanighen. It is based on the 14th-century Chinese play "Tale of the Pipa" ("Pi-Pa-Ji") by Gao Ming. Though not a great success, the show is significant for Mary Martin's meeting of then-unknown cast member Yul Brynner, whom she later recommended to her friends Rodgers and Hammerstein for the role of the Siamese monarch in the classic "The King and I", which premiered on Broadway in 1951. It was also the only Broadway appearance of future U.S. First Lady Nancy Reagan.
Development.
Cyril Birch, collaborator in a translation of "The Peach Blossom Fan", wrote that presumably the basis of the American play was the 1846 Antoine (A. P. L.) Bazin French translation of the Chinese play "Tale of the Pipa".
Plot.
The plot focuses on Tsai-Yong (Cai Yong), a young student who leaves his wife Tchao-Ou-Niang and parents to make a name for himself. He becomes a notable magistrate, but when he marries Princess Nieou-Chi, he is forbidden by her father to contact his family. His impoverished parents die of starvation during a famine, and Tchao-Ou-Niang is forced to sell her hair to pay for their funeral. She ultimately is reunited with her husband by Nieou-Chi, and is welcomed to the palace as his #1 wife.
Unlike the original work, Tsai-Yong has to decide between love and filial piety. Ultimately Tsai-Yong and Tchao-Ou-Niang are united.
Production.
The Broadway production was directed by John Houseman and was produced by Michael Meyerberg. It opened at the Plymouth Theatre on February 6, 1946 and closed on June 8 of the same year after running for 142 performances. Scenic, costume, and lighting design were by Robert Edmond Jones.
The cast included Yul Brynner as Tsai-Yong, Mary Martin as Tchao-Ou-Niang, Mildred Dunnock and Augustin Duncan as the parents, and Helen Craig as Nieou-Chi. Appearing as Si-Tchun, a Lady-in-Waiting, was Nancy Davis, making her first and only Broadway appearance.
A London production opened at the Winter Garden on October 11, 1948, produced by Albert de Courville and starring Brynner and Dolly Haas.
One factor in the change to the ending was the efforts of Mary Martin and her husband Richard Halliday, who acted as her manager, because of the belief that "'sharing a man was unworthy of a star of Mary's magnitude'".
Song list.
Decca Records released an album containing six tracks - four vocals by Martin and two instrumentals - on three 78 RPM records. 
Critical reception.
"Time" called it "the season's loveliest production and most charming failure never quite catches the inner glow of art or the outward stir of theater." It continued, "There should have been either less spectacle or less story. As it is, the old tale is retold at considerable length, but loses much of its flow and human feeling through gorgeous interruptions and sumptuous distractions. What's more, neither the writing nor the acting has quite the stylized quality it reaches after." 

</doc>
<doc id="20464983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464983" title="List of 2008 box office number-one films in South Korea">
List of 2008 box office number-one films in South Korea

This is a list of films which have been placed number-one at the South Korean box office during 2008, based on admissions.

</doc>
<doc id="20464992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20464992" title="Northern Mariana Islands general election, 2009">
Northern Mariana Islands general election, 2009

General elections were held in the Northern Mariana Islands on 7 November 2009, electing the Governor, the Legislature, four mayors, the Board of Education and nine municipal council members. There were also four referendums.
Background.
A total of 16,146 voters registered to vote with the Commonwealth Election Commission for the 2009 election. That is a 15% increase in voters compared to the 15,118 people who registered to vote in the 2005 general election. Precinct 1 on Saipan, which includes the villages of San Antonio, San Vicente and Koblerville, had the most number of registered voters at 4,331. Voter registration ended on September 18, 2009.
A total of 109 candidates vied for the 43 elected positions in the Northern Mariana Islands in the 2009 election. The contested offices included the offices of governor & lieutenant governor, the twenty seats in the House of Representative, six (of nine) seats in the Senate as well as mayoral posts and various local offices.
At least 18,000 ballots designed to be read by counting machines were printed in Alabama for the 2009 election, according to the executive director of the Election Commission, Robert Guerrero.
Campaign.
Major election issues included the Commonwealth's faltering economy and the federalization of the Northern Mariana Islands' immigration by the United States government.
Republican Hofschneider and his running mate, Palacios, challenged incumbent Governor Benigno Fitial and his running mate, Lieutenant Governor Eloy Inos, in the general election. Former legislator Juan "Pan" Guerrero ran as an independent, with sitting CNMI Rep. Joe Camacho as his running mate. Another former legislator, Ramon "Kumoi" Deleon Guerrero, campaigned as an independent, with former Education Commissioner David M. Borja as his running mate. The race was widely viewed as a rematch between Fitial and Hofschneider, who was narrowly defeated in 2005.
The gubernatorial candidates focused heavily on the estimated 3,000 Northern Mariana Islanders residing on the United States mainland, many of whom were eligible to vote be absentee ballot. Three of the four gubernatorial candidates - Governor Fitial, Hofschneider and Juan Pan Guerrero - attended a Labor Day festival for Northern Mariana Islanders in San Diego, California, in September 2009. Independent candidate Juan “Pan” Guerrero and his running mate, Joe Camacho, campaigned throughout the western United States in August and September. Guerrero and Camacho began campaigning in Salem and Portland, Oregon, before travelling to Seattle, Boise, Idaho, San Francisco, Las Vegas, San Diego and Honolulu.
Gubernatorial election.
The incumbent governor Benigno R. Fitial of the Covenant Party, successfully ran for a second term; his running mate, Lt. Governor Eloy Inos, was elected to her first full term. Fitial faced three challengers in the November 7 general election: Republican nominee Heinz Hofschneider, independent Juan "Pan" Guerrero, and independent Ramon "Kumoi" Deleon Guerrero.
Because of a law signed by Governor Fitial on July 24, 2009, a runoff election between the candidates who received the highest and second-highest vote totals would be required if no candidate obtained more than 50% of the overall vote. Under this 2009 law, a runoff would occur 14 days after the results of the general election are certified by the Commonwealth Election Commission. This election indeed required a runoff, as neither Fitial nor Hofschneider garnered more than 50% of the vote in the November 7 election. 
On election day, Republican challenger Hofschneider received 4,900 votes and incumbent Governor Fitial received 4,892 votes, therefore advancing to the runoff election held on November 23, 2009. Of the 13,784 total votes cast in the first round on November 7, Hofschneider led Fitial by just 8 votes, the closest gubernatorial election in the history of the Northern Mariana Islands. In the November 23 runoff election, Governor Fital was reelected by a 370-vote margin.
Fitial will serve a five-year term in office as governor instead of the normal four-year term, due to the Senate Legislative Initiative 16-11, which was one of the four ballot initiatives ratified in the November 7 election. Under the Senate Legislative Initiative 16-11, future general elections will be held only in even-numbered years instead of odd-numbered years, such as 2009. Therefore, the next gubernatorial general election will take place in 2014 rather than 2013.
Candidates.
Republican Party.
Former Northern Mariana Governor Juan N. Babauta, a Republican, declared his intention to run for governor and challenge Fitial in January 2009. His running mate was Galvin Deleon Guerrero, a member of the CNMI Board of Education. 
Babauta was then defeated in the Republican primary by sitting CNMI Rep. Heinz Sablan Hofschneider, a former Speaker of the House, for the Republican Party nomination. Hofschneider's running mate is CNMI Rep. Arnold Indalecio Palacios, the current Speaker of the House.
Before the Republican primary, which was held on June 27, 2009, Hofschneider and Babauta signed a unity pledge, with each candidate pledging to support the winner of the primary. Hofschneider won the primary on June 27 with about 53% of the votes cast. Hofschneider won at six of the eight precincts. After the results were announced, the candidates convened and embraced; Babauta threw his support to Hofschneider and said that he would accept the people's decision. After Babauta had asked his supporters to vote for Hofschneider in the general election, Hofschneider called Babauta and his supporters "a crucial part of the campaign toward November."
Democratic Party.
For the first time in its history, the Democratic Party of the Northern Mariana Islands did not nominate a candidate for Governor in 2009. The only offices which were contested by the Democrats in 2009 were certain seats in the legislature and the mayorship of Saipan.
Election day.
Polls on election day opened at 7 a.m. on November 7, 2009. Three of the four gubernatorial candidates cast their ballots in the morning at Garapan Elementary School in Garapan, Saipan. Incumbent Governor Benigno Fitial and First Lady Josie Fitial voted at 7:10 a.m., Ramon "Kumoi" Deleon Guerrero arrived at the school at 7:20 a.m. and independent candidate Juan Pan Guerrero voted after 9 a.m. Republican candidate Heinz Hofschneider also voted at Garapan Elementary School at 6 p.m. later that day. An estimated 84% of registered voters participated in the election.
In the November 7 general election, Republican challenger Heinz Hofschneider received 4,900 votes and incumbent Governor Benigno Fitial received 4,892 votes, therefore both advanced to the runoff election slated for November 23, 2009. A total of 13,784 votes were cast in the first round. Hofschneider led Fitial by just eight votes, the closest gubernatorial election in the history of the Northern Mariana Islands. Independent candidates Juan Pan Guerrero and Ramon "Kumoi" Deleon Guerrero came in 3rd and 4th place respectively and, therefore, did not qualify for the second runoff election.
Under a 2009 law signed by Governor Benigno Fitial, a runoff election is required within fourteen days of the if no candidate obtained 50% of the popular vote plus 1. Since neither Fitial nor Hofschneider garnered more than 50% of the vote, a runoff date was set for November 23, 2009.
Runoff.
The Commonwealth Election Commission certified the results of the general election on November 9 and set the date of the runoff election between Fitial and Hofschneider for Monday, November 23. In a November 17 memorandum, Governor Fitial declared November 23 a legal holiday in the Northern Mariana Islands to encourage voter turnout.
The candidates qualifying for the runoff on November 23, 2009, were incumbent Covenant Party Governor Benigno Fitial and Republican candidate, Rep. Heinz Hofschneider. The incumbent ticket of Fitial-Inos campaigned for re-election on a theme of "proven leadership and proven experience," while the rival Hofscneider-Palacios campaign advocated a "change in leadership" to voters.
Both the Fitial and Hofschneider campaigns reached out to supporters of the independent candidates who did not qualify for the November 23rd runoff, Juan Pan Guerrero and Ramon "Kumoi" Deleon Guerrero. The support of these independent voters was considered vital both Fitial's and Hofschneider's candidacies.
Former independent candidate Juan "Pan" Guerrero declined to endorse either Fitial or Hofschneider in one-page statement released on November 13, 2009. Instead, Guerrero, who came in third in the gubernatoral election, called on CNMI voters, especially his supporters, to support the candidate who best "represents a better future for themselves, their families, and the Commonwealth." Guerrero further elaborated that, "As soon as it was clear that I would not be in the runoff election, I urged supporters to make their own choices about whom to support-Ben and Eloy or Heinz and Arnold." In his statement, Guerrero noted that he make no further public statements concerning the election before the runoff.
Guerrero running mate in the 2009 election, Joe Camacho, issued his own statement on November 12 endorsing the Covenant Party ticket of Governor Benigno Fitial and Lt. Governor Eloy Inos for re-election. Camacho's brother, Clyde Norita, who was the chairman for the Executive Committee to Elect Juan Pan and Joe Camacho, also endorsed Fitial and Inos. 
Former independent candidate Ramon "Kumoi" Deleon Guerrero, who came in fourth place in the general election, endorsed Heinz Hofschneider and Arnold Palacios for governor and lt. governor. Deleon Guerrero cited the wishes of his supporters and support for reforms advocated by Hofschneider, as well as alleged broken promises by the Fitial administration, for his endorsement. He further cited similarities between his own campaign and Hofschneider's messages, "Hofschneider and Palacios have whole-heartedly embraced these visions. They have even taken to heart, our campaign theme of "Time For Change." Deleon Guerrero stated that Fitial had failed to deliver on a number of promises during his term in office, such as economic growth, improved healthcare and the removal of fuel surcharges.
However, Deleon Guerrero's running mate, former Education Commissioner David Borja, endorsed Governor Fitial for re-election. Fitial was also endorsed by the Deleon Guerrero-Borja campaign chairman, Rudy R. Sablan, and seven other senior members of the campaign team.
On December 8, after all ballots had been counted, Fitial was declared the victor in the runoff. He and Inos received 6,610 votes, while Hofschneider and Palacios received 6,240 votes.
Legislature.
All 20 seats in the Northern Mariana Islands House of Representatives were contested in the election. Six seats in the Northern Mariana Islands Senate were up for election.
Before the 2009 election, the Republican Party controlled the 20-member House of Representatives with a 12 seat majority. The Senate was controlled by the Covenant Party in a coalition with the Democrats and a lone independent.
Mayoral elections.
All four mayoral posts were up for election across the Commonwealth.
There were nine candidates for mayor on the island of Saipan: Republican Donald Flores, who won the election, as well as Covenant candidate Marian Tudela, Democrat Angelo Villagomez, and Independent candidates Candy Taman, Joe Sanchez, Roman Benavente, Juan Demapan, Tony Camacho and Lino Tenorio.
Other elected offices.
Voters also elected nine municipal council members.

</doc>
<doc id="20465002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465002" title="Dragan Tsankov Boulevard">
Dragan Tsankov Boulevard

Dragan Tsankov Boulevard () is a large boulevard in Bulgaria's capital Sofia. It is named after the Bulgarian politician Dragan Tsankov. It stretches from the intersection with Evlogi Georgiev Boulevard, north of which it is called Graf Ignatiev Street, and the junction with G. M. Dimitrov Boulevard, south of which it is called St Clement of Ohrid Boulevard. The Perlovska River flows under the boulevard at the junction with Evlogi Georgiev Boulevard.
Landmarks along the boulevard are the Bulgarian National Radio building, Faculty of Biology of the Sofia University, University of Architecture, Civil Engineering and Geodesy, Sofia Municipal Court. The Borisova Gradina TV Tower is located at the junction with Peyo Yavorov Boulevard. From there do the intersection with G. M. Dimitrov Boulevard are situated the Russian Embassy, Park Hotel Moskva, World Trade Center - Sofia, the Transport Police Department of Sofia Police. The red line of the Sofia Metro runs under the boulevard north of Joliot-Curie Metro Station and on a viaduct south of it.

</doc>
<doc id="20465016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465016" title="Plunketts Creek Bridge No. 3">
Plunketts Creek Bridge No. 3

Plunketts Creek Bridge No. 3 was a rubble masonry stone arch bridge over Plunketts Creek in Plunketts Creek Township, Lycoming County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It was built between 1840 and 1875, probably closer to 1840, when the road along the creek between the unincorporated villages of Barbours and Proctor was constructed. Going upstream from the mouth, the bridge was the third to cross the creek, hence its name.
The bridge was long, with an arch that spanned , a deck wide, and a roadway width of . It carried a single lane of traffic. In the 19th century, the bridge and its road were used by the lumber, leather, and coal industries active along the creek. By the early 20th century, these industries had almost entirely left, and the villages declined. The area the bridge served reverted mostly to second growth forest and it was used to access Pennsylvania State Game Lands and a state pheasant farm.
Plunketts Creek Bridge No. 3 was considered "significant as an intact example of mid-19th century stone arch bridge construction", and was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on June 22, 1988. Although it was repaired after a major flood in 1918, a record flood on January 21, 1996, severely damaged the bridge, and it was demolished in March 1996. Before the 1996 flood about 450 vehicles crossed it each day. Later that year, a replacement bridge was built and the old stone structure was documented by the Historic American Engineering Record. It was removed from the NRHP on July 22, 2002.
History.
Early inhabitants and name.
Plunketts Creek is in the West Branch Susquehanna River drainage basin, the earliest recorded inhabitants of which were the Susquehannocks. Their numbers were greatly reduced by disease and warfare with the Five Nations of the Iroquois, and by 1675 they had died out, moved away, or been assimilated into other tribes. The West Branch Susquehanna River valley was subsequently under the nominal control of the Iroquois,"Note": For a general overview of Native American History in the West Branch Susquehanna watershed, see Retrieved on September 30, 2008. "Note:" ISBN refers to the Heritage Books July 1996 reprint. URL is to a scan of the 1892 version with some OCR typos.</ref> who invited displaced tribes, including the Lenape (Delaware) and Shawnee to live in the lands vacated by the Susquehannocks. The French and Indian War (1754–1763) led to the migration of many Native Americans westward to the Ohio River basin. On November 5, 1768, the British acquired the New Purchase from the Iroquois in the Treaty of Fort Stanwix, including what is now Plunketts Creek. The first settlement along the creek by European colonists took place between 1770 and 1776.
Plunketts Creek is named for Colonel William Plunkett, a physician, who was the first president judge of Northumberland County after it was formed in 1772. During conflicts with Native Americans, he treated wounded settlers and fought the natives. Plunkett led a Pennsylvania expedition in the Pennamite-Yankee War to forcibly remove settlers from Connecticut, who had claimed and settled on lands in the Wyoming Valley also claimed by Pennsylvania. For his services, Plunkett was granted six tracts of land that totaled on November 14, 1776, although the land was not actually surveyed until September 1783. Plunkett's land included the creek's mouth, so Plunketts Creek was given his name. He died in 1791, aged about 100, and was buried in Northumberland without a grave marker or monument (except for the creek that bears his name).
Lycoming County was formed from Northumberland County in 1795. When Plunketts Creek Township was formed in Lycoming County in 1838, the original name proposed was "Plunkett Township", but Plunkett's lack of active support for the American Revolution some years earlier had led some to believe his loyalty lay with the British Empire. The lingering suspicion of his loyalist sympathies led to the proposed name being rejected. Naming the township for the creek rather than its namesake was seen as an acceptable compromise.
Villages and road.
In 1832, John Barbour built a sawmill on Loyalsock Creek near the mouth of Plunketts Creek. This developed into the village of Barbours Mills, today known as Barbours. In the 19th century, Barbours had several blacksmiths, a temperance hotel, post office, many sawmills, a school, store and wagon maker. In 1840, a road was built north from Barbours along Plunketts Creek, crossing it several times. This is the earliest possible date for construction of the bridge, but the surviving county road docket on the construction mentions neither bridges nor fords for crossing the creek.
The bridge is at the mouth of Coal Mine Hollow, and the road it was on was used by the lumber and coal industries that were active in Plunketts Creek Township during the 19th and early 20th centuries. Creeks in the township supplied water power to 14 mills in 1861, and by 1876 there were 19 sawmills, a shingle mill, a woolen factory, and a tannery. By the latter half of the 19th century, these industries supported the inhabitants of two villages in Plunketts Creek Township.
In 1868 the village of Proctorville was founded as a company town for Thomas E. Proctor's tannery, which was completed in 1873. Proctor, as it is now known, is north of Barbours along Plunketts Creek, and the main road to it crossed the bridge. The bark from Eastern hemlock trees was used in the tanning process, and the village originally sat in the midst of vast forests of hemlock. The tannery employed "several hundred" workers at wages between 50 cents and $1.75 a day. These employees lived in 120 company houses, which each cost $2 a month to rent. In 1892, Proctor had a barber shop, two blacksmiths, cigar stand, Independent Order of Odd Fellows hall, leather shop, news stand, a post office (established in 1885), a two-room school, two stores, and a wagon shop. 
The road between Barbours and Proctor crosses Plunketts Creek four times and the four bridges are numbered in order, starting from the southernmost in Barbours near the mouth and going upstream. While evidence such as maps indicates that the third bridge was constructed close to 1840, the first definitive proof of its existence is a survey to relocate the road between the second and third bridges in 1875. The first bridge over Plunketts Creek was replaced with a covered bridge in 1880, and the second bridge was replaced in 1886. That same year, the road between the second and third bridges was moved again, returning to its original position on the west side of the creek. 
Finished sole leather was hauled over the bridge by horse-drawn wagon south about to Little Bear Creek, where it was exchanged for "green" hides and other supplies brought north from Montoursville. These were then hauled north across the bridge into Proctor. The hides, which were tanned to make leather, came from the United States, and as far away as Mexico, Argentina, and China. Hemlock bark, used in the tanning process, was hauled to the tannery from up to away in both summer and winter, using wagons and sleds. The lumber boom on Plunketts Creek ended when the virgin timber ran out. By 1898, the old growth hemlock was exhausted and the Proctor tannery, then owned by the Elk Tanning Company, was closed and dismantled.
20th century.
Small-scale lumbering continued in the watershed in the 20th century, but the last logs were floated under the bridge down Plunketts Creek to Loyalsock Creek in 1905. In 1918, a flood on the creek damaged the road for on both sides of the bridge, and caused "settling and cracking of the bridge itself". The bridge had needed repairs and reconstruction. In 1931, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania passed legislation that gave the state responsibility for the costs of road and bridge maintenance for many highways belonging to local municipalities. This took effect in 1932, relieving Plunketts Creek Township and Lycoming County of the responsibility.
Without timber and the tannery, the populations of Proctor and Barbours declined, as did traffic on the road and bridges between them. The Barbours post office closed in the 1930s and the Proctor post office closed on July 1, 1953. Both villages also lost their schools and almost all of their businesses. Proctor celebrated its centennial in 1968, and a 1970 newspaper article on its 39th annual "Proctor Homecoming" reunion called it a "near-deserted old tannery town". In the 1980s, the last store in Barbours closed, and the former hotel (which had become a hunting club) was torn down to make way for a new bridge across Loyalsock Creek.
Plunketts Creek has been a place for lumber and tourism since its villages were founded, and as industry declined, nature recovered. Second growth forests have since covered most of the clear-cut land. Pennsylvania's state legislature authorized the acquisition of abandoned and clear-cut land for Pennsylvania State Game Lands in 1919, and the Pennsylvania Game Commission (PGC) acquired property along Plunketts Creek for State Game Lands Number 134 between 1937 and 1945. The main entrance to State Game Lands 134 is just north of the bridge site, on the east side of the creek.
The PGC established the Northcentral State Game Farm in 1945 on part of State Game Lands 134 to raise wild turkey. The farm was converted to ringneck pheasant production in 1981, and, as of 2007, it was one of four Pennsylvania state game farms that produced about 200,000 pheasants each year for release on land open to public hunting. The Northcentral State Game Farm is chiefly in the Plunketts Creek valley, just south of Proctor and north of the bridge. The opening weekend of the trout season brings more people into the village of Barbours at the mouth of Plunketts Creek than any other time of the year.
On June 22, 1988, the bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP), as part of the Multiple Property Submission (MPS) of Highway Bridges Owned by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Department of Transportation, TR. The MPS included 135 bridges owned by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation (PennDOT), 58 of which were of the stone arch type. While the individual NRHP form for the bridge cites a 1932 inspection report (the year that the state took over its maintenance), the MPS form mistakenly gives the bridge's date of construction as 1932.
Flood and destruction.
In January 1996, there was major flooding throughout Pennsylvania. The 1995–1996 early winter was unusually cold, and considerable ice buildup formed in local streams. A major blizzard on January 6–8 produced up to of snow, which was followed on January 19–21 by more than of rain with temperatures as high as and winds up to . The rain and snowmelt caused flooding throughout Pennsylvania and ice jams made this worse on many streams. Elsewhere in Lycoming County, flooding on Lycoming Creek in and near Williamsport killed six people and caused millions of dollars in damage. 
On Plunketts Creek, ice jams led to record flooding, which caused irreparable major damage to the mid-19th century stone arch bridge. Downstream in Barbours, the waters were deep in what was then called the village's "worst flood in history". Plunketts Creek Bridge No. 3 was one of two destroyed in Lycoming County, and on January 31 a photograph of the damaged bridge was featured on the front page of the "Williamsport Sun-Gazette" with the caption "This old stone arch bridge over Plunketts Creek must be replaced." In neighboring Sullivan County, the Sonestown Covered Bridge, also on the NRHP, was so damaged by the flood that it remained closed for repairs until late December 1996. Throughout Pennsylvania, these floods led to 20 deaths and 69 municipal- or state-owned bridges being either "destroyed or closed until inspections could verify their safety". 
When it became clear that the bridge could not be repaired, PennDOT awarded an emergency contract for a temporary bridge before the end of January, citing "emergency vehicles that can no longer travel directly from Barbours" to Proctor and beyond. The temporary bridge cost $87,000 and was wide. The photographs for the bridge's inclusion in the Historic American Engineering Record (HAER) were taken in January, and the HAER "documentation package was prepared as mitigation for the emergency demolition" of the bridge, which was collapsed in March. The permanent replacement bridge was completed in 1996, and the old bridge was removed from the NRHP on July 22, 2002.
Description and construction.
Plunketts Creek Bridge No. 3 was a rubble masonry stone arch bridge, oriented roughly east–west over Plunketts Creek. Its overall length was and its single semi-circular arch spanned . The bridge deck width was , and its roadway was wide, which could accommodate only a single lane of traffic. Just before the flood that led to the bridge's destruction, about 450 vehicles crossed the bridge daily. The outside corners of the wing walls were apart, which combined with the overall length of led to a total area of being listed on the NRHP.
The bridge rested on abutments which had been jacketed with concrete after its original construction. The arch was supported by voussoirs made of "irregular rubble stone", without a keystone. There was also no stone giving the date or other construction information. The approaches were flanked by wing walls constructed of riprap stones, and the spandrel walls were topped by parapets made of "rough, crenellated stones". The bridge's road deck rested directly on the top of its arch. This led to a "narrow wall at the arch crown" and a "protruding rock parapet" atop this spandrel wall on either side. Most stone arch bridges have solid parapets without decoration; this bridge's parapet crenellation was an ornamental feature. The parapet construction and appearance made the bridge unique among the 58 Pennsylvania stone arch bridges with which it was nominated for the NRHP.
Pennsylvania has a long history of stone arch bridges, including the oldest such bridge in use in the United States, the 1697 Frankford Avenue Bridge over Pennypack Creek in Philadelphia. Such bridges typically used local stone, with three types of finishing possible. Rubble or third-class masonry construction used stones just as they came from the quarry; squared-stone or second-class masonry used stones that had been roughly dressed and squared; and ashlar or first-class masonry used stones which had been finely dressed and carefully squared. Rubble masonry was the quickest and cheapest for construction, and had the largest tolerances. Many of the oldest stone bridges in Pennsylvania were built using rubble masonry techniques.
Stone bridge construction started with the excavation of foundations for the abutments. Then a temporary structure known as a center or centering would be built of wood or iron. This structure supported the stone arch during construction. Once the stone arch was built, the spandrel walls and wing walls could be added. Then the road bed was built, with fill (loose stones or dirt) added to support it as needed. Wall and arch stones were generally set in place dry to ensure a good fit, then set in mortar. Once the bridge was complete and the mortar had properly hardened, the center was gradually lowered and then removed. In March 1996, after standing for between 156 and 121 years, the arch of Bridge No. 3 finally collapsed.

</doc>
<doc id="20465022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465022" title="Honduran general election, 2009">
Honduran general election, 2009

The Honduran general election, 2009 was held in Honduras on November 29, 2009, including presidential, parliamentary and local elections. Voters went to the polls to elect:
The possibility of having a "fourth ballot box" (Spanish: "cuarta urna") at the 29 November election regarding the convocation of a National Constituent Assembly constituted a major element of the 2009 Honduran constitutional crisis.
Campaigning.
Preceding the planned November elections, the 2009 Honduran constitutional crisis (ouster of president Manuel Zelaya) occurred, bringing the legitimacy of the elections into doubt.
Campaigning by candidates took place, in principle for the three months prior to 29 November, in the context of the conflict between the "de facto" government, the "de jure" government, and resistance to the "de facto" government, mostly coordinated by the National Resistance Front against the coup d'état in Honduras.
Nearly one month of this campaign period was covered by the Micheletti "de facto" government Decree PCM-M-016-2009, signed on 22 September 2009 and rescinded on 19 October 2009. The decree suspended five constitutional rights: personal liberty (Article 69), freedom of expression (Article 72), freedom of movement (Article 81), habeas corpus (Article 84) and freedom of association.
Hundreds of candidates, including Presidential candidate Carlos H. Reyes, renounced their candidacy citing skepticism that the same military that overthrew the elected president could be trusted to run a free and fair election five months later.
Election day.
Over thirty thousand security personnel were involved in running the election, including 12,000 military, 14,000 police officers and 5000 reservists. Mayors were requested by the army to provide lists of "enemies" (Spanish: "enemigos") of the electoral process in order to "neutralise" them (Spanish: "neutralizarlos").
Amnesty International protested to the Honduran "de facto" government about the violation of habeas corpus on 28 and 29 November. One of the people who were disappeared was Jensys Mario Umanzor Gutierrez, last seen in police detention early on the morning of 30 November. Amnesty International (AI) stated that no courts, including the Supreme Court, were available to receive a petition for habeas corpus. AI also referred to two men arrested under terrorism charges and beaten, and 14 minors detained under decree PCM-M-016-2009 for having been gathered in groups of more than four persons, and later freed without charges. AI also said that human rights organizations in Honduras "suffered attacks and acts of intimidation".
On election day, police and military suppressed an anti-election rally in San Pedro Sula, with reports of one death plus injuries and arrests. There were also reports that employees of government agencies and private businesses were being told that they would be fired if they did not vote.
The European Parliament did not send obsevers. However, observers were sent by the centre-right European People's Party, who reported a "high degree of civic maturity and exemplar democratic behaviour" during the elections.
Presidential election.
The candidates of the two main political parties are former presidential candidate Porfirio Lobo Sosa of the National Party and former vice-president Elvin Santos of the Liberal Party. The trade union leader and Garifuna leader, Bernard Martínez Valerio is the Innovation and Unity Party (PINU) candidate. Martínez is the first black presidential candidate in the history of Honduras, according to PINU. Another trade union leader Carlos Humberto Reyes, one of the coordinators of the Frente Nacional de Resistencia Contra el Golpe de Estado en Honduras, was an independent candidate for the election until he formally withdrew in order not to legitimise the coup d'état and what he and his supporters perceived would be fraudulent elections.
The table below shows all six continuing and withdrawn candidates, in the order published by the Supreme Electoral Tribunal.
Pre-election polls.
A pre-election poll held 23–29 August 2009 by COIMER & OP showed a relative majority (41%) who would not declare a voting preference or would not vote in favour of any of the six candidates. By mid-October this had dropped to a minority (29%) according to a CID-Gallup poll. Porfirio Lobo's support increased from 28% in August to 37% in October, and Elvin Santos' support increased from 14% to 21%. According to the two polls, Carlos H. Reyes' support dropped from 12% to 6%, while the other three candidates increased from 1–2% support in August to 2–3% in October. A popularity rating question in the COIMER & OP August poll, concerning positive, average and negative opinions towards presidential candidates and other prominent people, found that Porfirio Lobo had more negative than positive popularity (34% versus 30%), as did Elvin Santos (45% versus 19%) and the "de facto" President Roberto Micheletti (56% versus 16%) and César Ham (20% versus 16%). Carlos H. Reyes had more positive than negative ratings (25% versus 14%), as did "de jure" President Manuel Zelaya (45% versus 26%).
END COMMENT -->
Results.
Porfirio Lobo Sosa, popularly known as Pepe Lobo, of the opposition conservative National Party was elected to succeed Micheletti. Early reports gave Lobo over 50% of the popular vote, with Elvin Santos the closest opponent with around 35%. While some regional nations did not accept the election as valid, others including the United States have supported its legitimacy. While exiled President Manuel Zelaya called for a boycott of the election, turnout ranged from around 30% in poorer areas to 70% in more wealthy communities. Lobo previously served in the Honduran Congress. He has hinted that charges against Zelaya will be dropped.
President.
Despite few outside legal observers, the International Republican Institute (IRI -which, months before June 28 had predicted approvingly that Honduras would be fertile place for a coup d'état in an online video entitled "Good governance in Honduras") and the National Democratic Institute (NDI- members of which can be seen in a video below refusing to acknowledge police violence against peaceful demonstrators they were witnesses to on election day) were there as American observers. The IRI supported the projections of 61% from the interim government and the Supreme Electoral Tribunal. The NDI has so far not commented on their projection of the vote turnout, however have commented on an independent, local Honduran observer part-funded by USAID, the Hagamos Democracia who put the turnout on 48%. The NDI commented that they had a low margin of error on what percentage of the votes were allocated to the candidates as they had successfully projected the vote's outcome: 56 percent for Lobo and 38 percent for Santos. He also said a 48 percent turnout would be consistent with a trend of increasing abstention in Honduras. Turnout was 55 percent in the 2005 election that brought Zelaya to office, 10 percentage points lower than in the previous election. Official turnout was revised down to 49%, a figure consistent with the TSE's own internal figures on election day but over which it had preferred to announce the entirely unfounded but rather more politically convenient 61%, as was caught on video at the time. 49% incidentally, is also a decline on the 55% 2005 election turnout.
Controversy.
Organisations and individuals in Honduras, including the National Resistance Front against the coup d'État in Honduras, Marvin Ponce of the Democratic Unification Party, and Bertha Oliva of Comité de Familiares de Detenidos Desaparecidos en Honduras, and internationally, including Mercosur, President Cristina Kirchner of Argentina and
the Union of South American Nations, said that elections held on 29 November under Micheletti would not be recognized.
Honduras.
Hundreds of people made a noisy drive-by protest in Tegucigalpa on 1 December to symbolise their rejection of the elections and to highlight that the turnout estimates of over 60% were inaccurate. Zelaya's aide Carlos Reina called for the elections to be cancelled.
In early November 2009, Dagoberto Suazo of the National Resistance Front against the coup d'État in Honduras asked for the international community to continue to refuse to recognise the planned 29 November elections. Marvin Ponce, a member of Congress from the Democratic Unification Party, said that it was not possible to hold the elections in the aftermath of the coup d'état. Bertha Oliva of COFADEH criticised the United States government for stating that Honduras could hold "free elections in less than three weeks" when "Hondurans being subjected to arbitrary arrest, the closure of independent media, police beatings, torture and even killings by security forces". Oliva claimed that it was not possible to have an election campaign when the right to freedom of assembly, freedom of movement and press freedom were absent. She called for elections to be delayed until at least three months after human rights and democracy are restored.
On 6 November 2009, following the failure of Micheletti and Zelaya to together create a "unity cabinet", Zelaya called for a boycott of the 29 November election.
On 9 November 2009, following a national meeting of leaders of the National Resistance Front against the coup d'état, presidential candidate Carlos H. Reyes declared the withdrawal of his candidacy, on the grounds of not legitimising the coup d'état and fraudulent elections. At the time of Reyes' withdrawal, the Honduran newspapers El Tiempo and La Tribuna showed Reyes' right hand in a plaster cast due to an injury sustained during his 30 July beating by Honduran security forces under the control of the "de facto" Micheletti government. At least 30–40 candidates from various parties and independent candidates, including at least one National Party candidate, Mario Medrano in San Manuel, Cortés, also withdraw in protest. Mario Medrano stated that he withdrew his candidature in order not to legitimise the coup d'état, that this was independent of party membership, and that anyone elected could be removed the coup d'état remained legitimate.
Canadian investigative journalist Jesse Freeston released a series of three videos before and after the elections them of being "coup laundering". In the final video, "Honduran Elections Exposed", Freeston separately interviews two members of the Honduran Supreme Electoral Tribunal. The engineer in charge of the count says that 49% of Hondurans had turned out to vote. Meanwhile, the spokesman for the tribunal told Freeston that roughly 65% had turned out. Freeston concludes that nobody knows how many Hondurans turned out, since all four major international election observers (UN, EU, Carter Center, and OAS) all refused to participate. The videos also exposed the police attack on an anti-election protest in San Pedro Sula, the arrest of a man for possession of anti-election posters in Tegucigalpa, a letter the military sent to all the mayors in Honduras seeking contact information of anyone involved in the National People's Resistance Front, the shutting down of anti-coup media outlets Radio Globo and Canal 36, and the targeted assassinations of anti-coup community organizers.
International.
Mercosur declared on 24 July 2009 that it would not recognise the results of the planned November elections or any other elections organised under Micheletti. President Cristina Kirchner of Argentina stated, "We must condemn any benevolent coup attempt, that is, when through a civilian-military coup legitimate authorities are ousted followed by attempts to legalize the situation by calling new elections. This would be the death kiss for the OAS democratic charter and turning the Mercosur democratic charter in mere fiction". On 10 August, the Union of South American Nations (UNASUR) also declared that it would not recognise the results of elections held while the "de facto" Micheletti government remained in power. On 17 August, President Felipe Calderón of Mexico, together with Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, made a similar statement. On September 3, the US State Department issued a statement revoking all non-humanitarian assistance to Honduras and said, of the November 29 elections "At this moment, we would not be able to support the outcome of the scheduled elections".
The U.S. has since changed position and announced that it will recognize the results of the election as a part of the San Jose-Tegucigalpa Accord.
In the days preceding the elections, Israel, Italy, Colombia, Panama, Peru, Germany, Costa Rica and Japan also announced their intentions to recognize the results of the elections.
On 30 November at the 19th Ibero-American Summit in Estoril, Portugal the governments of Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Cuba, Ecuador, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Paraguay, Spain, Uruguay, and Venezuela announced they are not recognizing the elections whereas Colombia, Costa Rica and Panama expressed they will while the rest of the members did not give any response. On 8 December the five Mercosur member states once again ratified their decision of not recognizing the election of Porfirio Lobo.

</doc>
<doc id="20465052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465052" title="Timothy Schedl">
Timothy Schedl

Timothy Schedl (b. 1955 in Iowa City, Iowa) is a professor of genetics at Washington University in St. Louis.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Timothy Bruce Schedl was born in 1955 to University of Iowa chemistry professor Harold Schedl and professor of art Naomi Schedl. He has two brothers, Andrew Schedl and Paul Schedl. He received his degree from Lawrence University in 1977.
Career.
In 1990, he and his wife, Amy moved to St. Louis where he occupied he same position that he does now. The Schedl lab studies germline development of the soil nematode C. elegans, and uses genetic, molecular, and cellular approaches to investigate germcell proliferation and entry into meiosis, progression through meiotic prophase, meiotic maturation and ovulation, and germline sex determination.
Schedl has published 33 papers with various people in his lab and his field. One of his pictures also ended up as the cover of Science Magazine.
Marriage and children.
He was married to his wife Amy in 1974, and now also has two children, Will and Maggie.
References.
Schedl Lab; http://www.genetics.wustl.edu/tslab/

</doc>
<doc id="20465055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465055" title="Bear Swamp Preserve">
Bear Swamp Preserve

Bear Swamp Preserve in Westerlo, New York is a Nature Conservancy preserve and National Natural Landmark. It consists of a pond and surrounding of swamp and woodland. It is recognized for its Great Laurel tree population. It has two nature trails totaling about .

</doc>
<doc id="20465072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465072" title="The John Glenn Story">
The John Glenn Story

The John Glenn Story is a 1962 American short documentary film directed by Michael R. Lawrence about the astronaut John Glenn. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20465076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465076" title="HMS Porcupine (1807)">
HMS Porcupine (1807)

HMS "Porcupine" was a Royal Navy "Banterer"-class post ship of 24 guns,launched in 1807. She served extensively and relatively independently in the Adriatic and the Western Mediterranean during the Napoleonic Wars, with her boats performing many cutting out expeditions, one of which earned for her crew the Naval General Service Medal. She was sold for breaking up in 1816.
Design.
"Porcupine" was rated a 24-gun ship and the original plan was that she would mount that number of long 9-pounders on her main deck plus two 6-pounder guns on her forecastle. She also carried ten 24-pounder carronades on her quarter-deck and forecastle. By the time that Captain the Honorable Henry Duncan commissioned her in March 1807, the Admiralty had added two brass howitzers to her armament, while exchanging her 9-pounders for 32-pounder carronades. Her complement was increased by twenty to 175 officers, men and boys.
Service.
"Porcupine" entered service in March 1807, operating in the Mediterranean Fleet during the Napoleonic Wars under the command of Captain Henry Duncan. Detached to serve on independent command in the Adriatic Campaign, "Porcupine" fought numerous minor actions with shore batteries and coastal merchant ships. 
Adriatic.
On 23 September 1807, she captured the "Fortuna". Then on 7 October "Porcupine" chased a trabaccolo into the harbour of Zupaino on Šipan (Giuppana), the largest of the Elaphiti Islands. That evening Duncan sent his boats, under the command of Lieutenant George Price, with Lieutenant Francis Smith, into the harbour where they captured and brought out the trabaccolo, which was the Venetian gunboat "Safo". She was armed with a 24-pounder gun and some swivel guns, and had a crew of some 50 men, all under the command of "Enseigne de vaisseau" Anthonio Ghega. She was well moored to the shore and was expecting an attack. Even so, once the British arrived, most of the crew jumped overboard. "Safo" belonged to a division of gunboats deployed to protect the coast and had been sent out from Ragusa (Dubrovnik) three days earlier. Also, before entering the harbour, the British captured a guard boat with one 4-pounder swivel gun. Despite the resistance, the "Porcupine" had only two men wounded.
Between 23 September and 23 November, "Porcupine" captured some 40 enemy vessels, most of which were carrying grain and wine between Ragusa and Catero (Kotor). Duncan received intelligence that the French were going to fortify the island of Curzola. He therefore kept "Porcupine" between the island and Ragusa. On 27 November Lieutenant Price in the cutter captured two small vessels sailing from Ragusa; small arms fire from the shore wounded one man. Two days later Price went into the harbour of Zuliano where he destroyed several small vessels and wine in warehouses that was intended for French troops. He brought out the only vessel afloat, a trabaccolo carrying a cargo of wool. As he was leaving the port another trabaccolo approached and before "Porucpine" could intercept it, Price had captured it too. She was sailing from Ragusa to Curzola with military stores, including two 6½" brass mortars , two 5½" brass howitzers, four new carriages for 18-pounder guns, together with material for constructing a shore battery as well as shot and shell. Duncan was able to get the guns and most of the stores on to "Porcupine" before a gale came up, which forced him to destroy the two trabaccolos. 
"Porcupine"s next exploit occurred on 7 January 1808. After a chase of eight hours, "Porcupine" captured the French transport "Saint Nicolo". She was armed with two guns, had a crew of 16 sailors, and also had on board 31 soldiers from the 6th Regiment of the Line. She was 36 hours out of Tarento. Finding out from the prize that another vessel had left four hour earlier, Duncan set out to find her in the channel between Paxos and Corfu. He was successful in intercepting his quarry, which turned out to be the "Madonna del Carmine". She was armed with six guns, had a crew of 20 men, and was carrying 33 soldiers, also from the 6th Regiment. Both vessels were on their first voyage and were carrying cargoes of grain and gunpowder for the garrison at Corfu.
Western Mediterranean.
Next, Duncan was ordered to cruise in the Western Mediterranean off Naples and continued his successful operations against coastal shipping. Following the outbreak of the Peninsular War, Duncan was ordered to take the Duke of Orléans to Cadiz. Duncan refused and was subject to disparaging comments about his age, although he was later proven correct in his assessment. In June 1808, Robert Elliott was appointed to replace Duncan; however, some months elapsed before he was able to do so.
On 23 June a French vessel exited Civitavechia and tried to elude "Porcupine". However, "Porcupine" succeeded in running her ashore between two towers, each armed with two cannons. Lieutenant Price took in the boats and succeeded in destroying her, without suffering any casualties and despite heavy fire from the towers. The vessel was from Ischia and was sailing with a cargo of wine.
Two days later, "Porcupine" was off the island of Monte Christo when a daylight she encountered a French schooner. After an 11-hour chase, "Porcupine" succeeded in capturing her about four leagues south of Bastia. The French crew abandoned their vessel and escaped before "Porcupine" could take possession of her. She was the "Nouvelle Enterprise", three weeks old, pierced for 14 guns but only mounting six. She was 24 hours out of Leghorn and was carrying bale goods for Scala Nova in Turkey. 
However, on 9 July Duncan spotted an enemy merchant vessel, and her escorts, two gunboats, each armed with a 24-pounder gun, all sailing along the coast. "Porcupine" was becalmed off Monte Circello, Romania so Duncan sent in her boats. After rowing eight hours in the heat, the boats succeeded in driving the merchant vessel on shore and the gunboats to take shelter under the guns of two shore batteries at Port d'Anzo (Anzio). Three more French vessels arrived and succeeded in getting into the harbour. One of the vessels was a large polacca of six guns, and she anchored a little further out than the other vessels. That evening Duncan sent in the boats again to cut her out. The polacca, which had a crew of some 20-30 men, was expecting an attack and had tied her to the beach. French soldiers were on the beach, and the polcacca was within close range of the batteries, a tower, and the gunboats. Still, the British succeeded in capturing her and getting her out to sea, though it took them about an hour and twenty minutes to do so. The polacca had been sailing from Hieres Bay to Naples with a cargo of salt. In the attack, the British suffered eight men wounded, including Lieutenant Price, who was severely injured in his head and leg. He received a promotion to commander for this and earlier achievements in some 30 boat actions. In 1847 the Admiralty issued the Naval General Service Medal with clasp "10 July Boat Service 1808" to all surviving claimants from the action.
On 10 July, "Porcupine" captured the "Madona de Rosario". Eleven days later, "Porcupine" ran a French polacca ashore near Monte Circello. Lieutenant Smith took in the boats and destroyed the polacca, which was of about 200 tons burthen (bm) and which had been carrying a cargo of iron hoops and staves. The cutting out expedition suffered no casualties though it came under fire from a tower with two guns located no more than a pistol-shot away.
After dark on 8 August, "Porcupine", still under the command of Duncan, had her cutter and jolly boat under Lieutenant Francis Smith cut out a vessel she had run ashore on the island of Pianosa. The cutting out party was successful, bringing out the "Concepcion", which was armed with four guns. She had been lying within 30 yards of a tower and a shore battery of six guns. She was also defended by soldiers on the beach and one of her guns which she had landed. She had been carrying bale goods from Genoa to Cyprus. The action cost "Porcupine" one man killed, and a lieutenant and eight men severely wounded, with three men later dying of their wounds. Smith might have received a promotion for this and prior actions but Duncan's letter to Admiral Collingwood was lost and the duplicate arrived only after Collingwood had died in March 1810.
Channel.
By 14 July 1810, Elliot had assumed command of "Porcupine". On that day the sailing master for "Porcupine" impressed an American sailor, Isaac Clark, from the "Jane" out of Norfolk, Virginia. Elliott tore up the seaman's protection (a document attesting to his being an American citizen and so exempt from British impressment), declaring the man an Englishman. Over the next few weeks Elliott had Clark whipped three times (each time consisting 24 lashes) when Clark refused to go on duty, and held in irons on bread and water. After nine weeks Clark surrendered. He served on "Porcupine" for two and a half years, being wounded in an engagement with a French frigate. Eventually he was transferred to and then to a hospital due to ongoing problems with his wound. There the American consul was able to get him released and discharged, a copy of the protection having been forwarded from Salem, Massachusetts. Clark further testified that there were seven Americans aboard "Porcupine", three of whom had agreed to serve. 
In 1811, "Porcupine" was ordered to sail to Brazil and returned to Portsmouth. She was at Portsmouth on 31 July 1812 when the British authorities seized the American ships there and at Spithead on the outbreak of the War of 1812. She therefore shared, with numerous other vessels, in the subsequent prize money for these vessels: "Belleville", "Aeos", "Janus", "Ganges", and "Leonidas". 
"Porcupine" later joined the squadron off Bordeaux, assisting the British advance during the Peninsular War. "Porcupine", while under command of Captain John Goode and carrying the flag of Rear-Admiral Charles Penrose, through early 1814 operated against French coastal positions and squadrons.
On the morning of 23 February 1814, she and the other vessels of Penrose's flotilla assisted the British Army in its crossing of the Ardour river, near Bayonne. In this service two of "Porcupine"s seamen drowned, as did some others from the flotilla when boats overturned crossing the bar on the coast. 
On 2 April Captain Goode, who had ascended the Gironde above Pouillac, sent "Porcupine"s boats, under the orders of Lieutenant Robert Graham Dunlop, to pursue a French flotilla that was proceeding down from Blaye to Tallemont. As the British boats approached them, the French flotilla ran on shore under the cover of about 200 troops from Blaye who lined the beach. Dunlop landed with a party of seamen and marines and drove the French off. The landing party remained until the tide allowed them to take away most of the French vessels. The British captured a gun-brig, six gun-boats, one armed schooner, three chasse-marées, and an imperial barge, and burned a gun-brig, two gun-boats, and a chasse-marée. Total British casualties were two seamen missing and 14 seamen and marines wounded.
"Porcupine" returned to Plymouth from Bordeaux on 6 September 1814. On 4 November she sailed to the Coast of Africa and thence to the Cape of Good Hope before coming back to Sierra Leone on 29 April 1815.
Fate.
On 16 October 1815 "Porcupine" arrived at Deal and sailed for the river to be paid off. She arrived at Woolwich on 6 November and was paid off and laid up in ordinary. Although there were some plans for her to serve on the South America station, she never sailed again. "Porcupine" was sold at Woolwich Dockyard in April 1816 for breaking up.
Post script.
In January 1819, the "London Gazette" reported that Parliament had voted a grant to all those who had served under the command of Lord Viscount Keith in 1812, between 1812 and 1814, and in the Gironde. "Porucpine" was listed among the vessels that had served under Keith in 1813 and 1814. She had also served under Kieth in the Gironde.

</doc>
<doc id="20465077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465077" title="Lies Across America">
Lies Across America

Lies Across America a 1999 book by James Loewen, and is a follow up sequel to his 1995 work "Lies My Teacher Told Me". The book focuses on historical markers and museums across the United States.
The book starts on the West Coast and moves east, a deliberate break from the traditional history found in textbooks, which begin with the Pilgrims and move westward. Similarly, Loewen covers Hispanic rather than English discovery, and American Indian history.
Loewen's book voices two major complaints about historical markers in the United States. The first, and most major, deals with historical markers established in the Southern United States which attempt to white-wash the history of slavery and the period of Reconstruction. Many of these markers were established between 1890 and 1920, the nadir of American race relations. Most were placed by organizations with pro-Confederate agendas and reflect the racism of the early 20th century. While some markers have been altered in the last forty years as a result of civil rights progress, many have not—especially those extant at American Civil War battle sites and in the South.
Loewen's second major complaint deals with the treatment of Native Americans, who are often neglected and omitted in the telling of United States history. The author challenges and corrects many of the inaccurate and Eurocentric mistruths spread by story markers across America.
At the end of his book, Loewen makes suggestions for how those concerned about the misrepresentation of history can change markers and monuments to convey historical truth and accuracy.
The organizations running historical sites are faulted in Loewen's book according to Wilton Corkern.
In the book, Loewen argues every historic site is "a tale of two eras": the one from when the event happened and the one from when the event was commemorated.

</doc>
<doc id="20465089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465089" title="Pine–cypress forest">
Pine–cypress forest

Pine–cypress forest is a type of mixed conifer woodland in which at least one species of pine and one species of cypress are present. Such forests are noted in several parts of North America including Florida and California. 
California occurrences.
California occurrences of pine–cypress forest are typically along Pacific coastal headlands. Understory species in these California pine–cypress forests include salal and western poison oak.
Florida conferences.
Many of the Florida occurrences of pine–cypress forest are in swampy areas such as the Everglades.

</doc>
<doc id="20465095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465095" title="Uzbekistani parliamentary election, 2009–2010">
Uzbekistani parliamentary election, 2009–2010

Parliamentary elections were held in Uzbekistan on 27 December 2009 and 10 January 2010 to elect the 150 members of the Legislative Chamber of Uzbekistan, the lower house of the "Oliy Majlis". Of these, 135 were directly elected from single member constituencies using the two-round system, while 15 seats were reserved for the country's Ecological Movement. Provincial and district councils were elected at the same time. Polls opened at 6 am Uzbekistan Time (0100 UTC) and closed at 8 pm UZT (1500 UTC).
The Uzbekistan Liberal Democratic Party ("O'zlidep") was reconfirmed as the largest single party in the Legislative Chamber, with 55 deputies. The other parties permitted to participate in the elections were the People's Democratic Party of Uzbekistan (32 deputies), the Uzbekistan National Revival Democratic Party ("Milliy Tiklanish", 31 deputies) and the Justice Social Democratic Party ("Adolat", 19 deputies).
The elections were monitored by over 270 observers from 36 countries and representatives of four international missions. The election monitoring arm of the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) did not send a full mission, saying none of its earlier recommendations had been implemented: an OSCE assessment mission observed voting at several polling places, but did not do comprehensive vote monitoring. Veronica Szente Goldston, Human Rights Watch Advocacy Director for Europe and Central Asia, said the pre-election situation in Uzbekistan has been marked by intense repression by the government: "Human rights are violated everywhere around the country, there is no political competition, all the parties that are running for this election are supporting the government."
Campaign.
A candidate for election had to belong to a registered party and collect a minimum of 40,000 signatures. Several opposition politicians have alleged that all candidates also had to be approved by the government before they would be placed on the ballot. The four registered parties were:
The election campaign consisted of 15- to 20-minute television programs each day for four days, as well as a second program called "Election – Mirror of Democracy". Transcripts from these shows were reprinted in newspapers, and billboards also appeared touting the upcoming choice that Uzbeks had to make. The four parties have publicly criticized each other, mainly over social policy, while praising President Islam Karimov's achievements. Freedom House, a US-based human rights organization, says the discussions appeared on television for the first time, which was a positive development, but that "We have some evidence from Uzbek activists that those debates were scripted. And even if not – these parties don't know themselves who they are, they have no ideology."
Ecological Movement.
The Ecological Movement of Uzbekistan elected its 15 legislators at a congress, also held on 27 December, one from each territorial subdivision of Uzbekistan (Republic of Karakalpakstan, provinces and Tashkent city) plus one member from the Executive Committee of the Central Council of the Ecological Movement. Delegates to the congress were elected in equal numbers at the conferences of each of the territorial branches of the Ecological Movement.
Turnout.
There were 17,215,700 eligible voters for the 2009 parliamentary elections. By 1 pm UZT (0800 UTC), 57.3% (9,879,195 voters) had cast their vote, ensuring that the election would be valid under Uzbekistani election law (33% minimum turnout required). By 5 pm UZT (1200 UTC), 79.4% (13,670,387 voters) had cast their votes. Final turnout for the first round (based on provisional figures) was 87.8% (15,108,950 voters).
On 24 December, all 16 million mobile phone users in Uzbekistan received an SMS informing them of the forthcoming elections. According to an Uzbek living in exile in the United States, "there are certain groups of the population which are under pressure and they are compelled to participate in the election – students, teachers, government employees."
For the second round on 10 January 2010, the electorate was 4,969,547. Of these, 16.3% (812,502 voters) were reported to have voted by 9 am UZT (0300 UTC), just three hours after polling stations had opened. The final turnout (based on provisional figures) when polls closed at 8 pm UZT (1500 UTC) was 79.7% (3,960,876 voters).
Results.
Preliminary results were announced by the Central Election Commission on 29 December. Results were declared in 96 out of the 135 electoral districts; in the remaining 39 districts, no candidate obtained an overall majority of votes, and so a second round of voting was held in 10 January 2010. Final results were announced by the Central Election Commission on 13 January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20465096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465096" title="2007 Canadian Tour">
2007 Canadian Tour

The 2007 Canadian Tour season ran from April to September and consisted of 14 golf tournaments. It was the 38th season of the Canadian Professional Golf Tour.
The season started with two events in the United States (in April), followed by four events in Mexico (in April and May), and finishing with eight events in Canada (in June through September). American Byron Smith won the Order of Merit.
Tournament schedule.
Source: [http://www.cantour.com/leagues/cantour_events.cfm?clientid=3776&seasonnum=2007]

</doc>
<doc id="20465100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465100" title="Pavel Churavý">
Pavel Churavý

Pavel Churavý () (born April 22, 1977 in Liberec) is a Czech Nordic combined skier who has competed since 1999. Competing in three Winter Olympics, he earned his best finish of fifth in the 10 km individual large hill event at Vancouver in 2010.
Churavý's best finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was sixth in the 4 × 5 km team event at Liberec in 2009 while his best individual finish was eighth in the 10 km individual large hill event at those same championships.
His best World Cup finishes were second twice, earning them in 2002 and 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20465119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465119" title="Port of Genoa">
Port of Genoa

The Port of Genoa is a major Italian seaport on the Mediterranean Sea. With a trade volume of 51.6 million tonnes, it is the busiest port of Italy by cargo tonnage and the second busiest in terms of twenty-foot equivalent units after the transshipment port of Gioia Tauro, with a trade volume of 2.1 million TEUs handled in 2012. 
Structural characteristics.
The Port of Genoa covers an area of about 700 hectares of land and 500 hectares on water, stretching for over 22 kilometres along the coastline, with 47 km of maritime ways and 30 km of operative quays.
There are 4 main entrances:
Passenger Terminals.
The quays of the passenger terminals extend over an area of 250 thousand square metres, with 5 equipped berths for cruise vessels and 13 for ferries, for an annual capacity of 4 million ferry passengers, 1.5 million cars and 250,000 trucks.
The historical maritime station of Ponte dei Mille is today a technologically advanced cruise terminal, with facilities designed after the world's most modern airports, in order to ensure fast embarking and disembarking of latest generation ships carrying thousand passengers.
A third cruise terminal is currently under construction in the redesigned area of Ponte Parodi, once a quay used for grain traffic.
Lighthouses.
There are two major lighthouses: the historical Lanterna, 76 metres tall (249 feet), and the small lighthouse of Punta Vagno, at the eastern entrance of the port.
Marinas.
Besides the container and the passenger terminals, the shipyards and the other industrial and cargo facilities, in the port area there are also several marinas, where many sailboats and yachts are moored.

</doc>
<doc id="20465126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465126" title="Grade I listed buildings in Lancashire">
Grade I listed buildings in Lancashire

This is a list of Grade I listed buildings in Lancashire, England.
In the United Kingdom, the term "listed building" refers to a building or other structure officially designated as being of special architectural, historical or cultural significance. These buildings are in three grades: Grade I consists of buildings of outstanding architectural or historical interest. Buildings in England are listed by the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport on recommendations provided by English Heritage, which also determines the grading.
References.
Note: The Heritage Gateway website is published by the Heritage Gateway Partners, namely English Heritage, the Institute of Historic Building Conservation, and The Association of Local Government Archaeological Officers (ALGAO:England) 

</doc>
<doc id="20465142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465142" title="MTV Pulse">
MTV Pulse

MTV Pulse was an Italian television channel and like MTV Hits broadcast chart hits non-stop with many music-related themed zones and a lot of programming from MTV and MTV Italy. Broadcast only on SKY Italia channel 707 (but also available on Italian IPTV services).
On January 10, 2011 MTV Pulse was replaced by the pan-European music channel MTV Dance.

</doc>
<doc id="20465144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465144" title="The Road to the Wall">
The Road to the Wall

The Road to the Wall is a 1962 American short documentary film produced by Robert Saudek about the construction of the Berlin Wall. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20465157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465157" title="Stade Poitevin Rugby">
Stade Poitevin Rugby

Stade Poitevin Rugby is a French semi-professional rugby union team based in Poitiers. They currently play in Fédérale 1, the third division of the French rugby pyramid and the highest outside of the professional leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="20465187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465187" title="First Methodist Church (Clinton, Massachusetts)">
First Methodist Church (Clinton, Massachusetts)

First Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church building at 75 Walnut Street in Clinton, Massachusetts
The church was built in 1926 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20465239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465239" title="Philip Brennan (Clare hurler)">
Philip Brennan (Clare hurler)

Philip Brennan (born July 30, 1983 in Tulla, County Clare) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays hurling with his local club Tulla and has been the goalkeeper on the Clare senior inter-county team since 2007. He works as a Hurley Maker for John Torpey Woodturning Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="20465246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465246" title="Attila Forrai">
Attila Forrai

Attila Forrai (born 19 August 1973) is a Hungarian footballer who played for BVSC Budapest as midfielder.
Forrai previously played in the Regionalliga with Sportfreunde Siegen.

</doc>
<doc id="20465247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465247" title="Candyfloss (novel)">
Candyfloss (novel)

Candyfloss is a novel by Jacqueline Wilson, first published in 2006 by Doubleday.
Plot summary.
Flora "Floss" Barnes' mother and father split up (get divorced) when she was little and she wishes they'd get back together because she doesn't like her stepfather, Steve, and her little poopslf brother Tiger. The book opens on Floss's birthday, when her mum and stepfather take her to TGI Friday's, and tell her that they are going to Australia for six months because of Steve's job. Floss wants to go with them, but she doesn't want to leave her father, cheerful and fun Charlie, who runs his own cafe which is quickly going out of business. Floss convinces her mother that she can live with her dad, while they are in Australia. Floss has a tough time getting used to life without her mother since her dad is not used to taking care of Floss seven days a week and she is not used to his home seven days a week, either. Floss's school uniforms get dirtier and disarrayed as her father is not used to washing and ironing them, but her teacher, Mrs. Horsefield, helps her out, as Floss is one of her personal favorite students. The father and daughter learn to cope and meet Rose, a very caring woman who works at a fair. After she leaves (travelling with the fair), they keep an eye out for her fair. Meanwhile, a regular customer at the cafe (Billy the Chip) puts money on a horse that Floss selects, and he wins money on the horse.
After losing the cafe and the flat, Billy the Chip mentions he is going to Australia to visit his son for one month and needs Floss and her father to live in his house while Charlie works in Billy's chip van. However, one day, a group of "yobbos"(as Charlie calls them) fight Rose's son Saul and when he attempts to stop the fistfight, the van catches on fire with Floss trapped inside. Charlie fights his way through the fire and rescues her, while in the process burning his hands. Floss also has a best friend, Rhiannon, who isn't much of a friend - making fun of her and her father and starting cruel rumours about her. Floss finds a new friend, Susan, who is interested in all her favorite things. When the fair comes back in town, Rose and Charlie consider dating, and Floss finds out both are interested in each other and get along well, while Rose lets Floss help her in the candyfloss stall. Later, Susan goes to stay in her house in France and says farewell to Floss at the beginning of summer. The book closes with Floss dying her hair pink (like candy floss).
Characters
Flora 'Floss' Barnes - The main protagonist. She is a generally happy and bubbly girl although she struggles to stand up for herself sometimes. She makes the painful choice to remain with her dad when her mum, step father and half brother go to Australia. Her best friend Rhiannon ends up backstabbing her so she becomes friends with Susan. She is small with masses of blonde curly hair which she dyes pink at the end of the book.
Charlie Barnes- Floss's dad. He runs a little local cafe but is massively in debt and loses it mid-way through the book. He ends up running a chip van until it gets burnt down. He is plump with dark hair. Despite being a little absent minded sometimes, he cares deeply for Floss and only wants what's best for her. He saves her life when the chip van get's burnt down. He ends up starting a romantic relationship with Rose from the funfair.
Sally Westwood- Floss's mum. She is a pretty mum who after divorcing Charlie, got remarried to Steve and had another child Tim (who is known as Tiger. She still gets on with Charlie. She announces to Floss on her birthday that the whole family is moving to Australia for Steve's new job and is heartbroken when Floss remains with her dad. Floss gets defensive when anyone says her mum walked out on her.
Susan Potts- The new girl in Floss's class who is extremely clever. She was nicknamed 'Swotty Potty' by Judy and Margot. She wants to be Floss's friend but is scared of Rhiannon. Once Floss breaks friends with Rhiannon though, Susan and Floss become best friends. They both enjoy art, books and being creative. Susan has short brown hair, glasses and a massive fixation with numbers. 7
Rhiannon- Floss's former best friend. She is very pretty with straight black hair and a slim figure. She is also very rich and enjoys flaunting her wealth. She can be very rude and bullies Susan throughout and Floss after the two fall out. She says to people that Floss's mum has walked out on her when she hasn't and says Floss begged her to buy her new clothes.
Rose- She runs the candyfloss stall at the funfair that Floss and Charlie go to at the start. She is very compassionate and helps Floss and her dad when they get in a fight. At the end of the book she returns to thank Charlie for saving Saul during the fight and fire at the chip van. She develops romantic feelings for Charlie as well at the end and is in favour of Charlie and Floss joining up with the fair in the summer. She is pretty with blonde hair and wears lots of red clothing. She says she is she is quite a lot older than Charlie.

</doc>
<doc id="20465254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465254" title="South Korea national football team results – 1980s">
South Korea national football team results – 1980s

This is a list of football games played by the Korea Republic national football team between 1980 and 1989. Korea Republic's score is shown first.
1980.
A team "(Hwarang, 화랑 (花郞))"
B team "(Chungmu, 충무 (忠武))"

</doc>
<doc id="20465259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465259" title="Charles Ellicott">
Charles Ellicott

Charles John Ellicott (1819–1905) was a distinguished English Christian theologian, academic and churchman. He briefly served as Dean of Exeter, then Bishop of the sees of Gloucester and Bristol.
Early life and family.
Born in Whitwell, Rutland on 25 April 1819, he was educated at Stamford School and St John's College, Cambridge. He married Constantia Ann Becher at St Marylebone Parish Church, London on 31 July 1848. One of their children was the composer Rosalind Ellicott.
Ecclesiastical career.
Following his ordination into the Anglican ministry in 1848, he was Vicar of Pilton, Rutland and then Professor of Divinity at King's College London and "Hulsean Professor of Divinity" at Cambridge. In 1861, he was appointed Dean of Exeter. Two years later he was nominated the bishop of the united sees of Gloucester and Bristol on 6 February and consecrated on 25 March 1863. In 1897, he resigned the bishopric of Bristol, but continued as Bishop of Gloucester until resigned on 27 February 1905. He died in Kent on 15 October 1905, aged 86.

</doc>
<doc id="20465270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465270" title="Schuylerville Bridge">
Schuylerville Bridge

Schuyler Bridge, is a bridge that carries New York State Route 29 across the Hudson River east of U.S. Route 4 and NY 32
from Schuylerville in Saratoga County into Easton in Washington County. It was named for Philip Schuyler, a general in the American Revolution. Besides the bridge, NY 29 is also named the General Philip Schuyler Memorial Highway, west of Schuylerville.

</doc>
<doc id="20465299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465299" title="Lawrence Wright (disambiguation)">
Lawrence Wright (disambiguation)

Lawrence Wright is an author.
Lawrence Wright may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20465302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465302" title="The Five Cities of June">
The Five Cities of June

The Five Cities of June is a 1963 American short documentary film directed by Bruce Herschensohn. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short. 
This United States Information Agency-sponsored film details the events of June 1963 in five different cities. In the Vatican, the election and coronation of Pope Paul VI; in the Soviet Union, the launch of a Soviet rocket as part of the Space Race with the United States; in South Vietnam, fighting between Communists and South Vietnamese soldiers; in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, United States, the racial integration of the University of Alabama opposed by Governor George Wallace; and in Berlin, President John F. Kennedy's visit to Germany and Rudolph Wilde Platz.

</doc>
<doc id="20465346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465346" title="Antonis Vratsanos">
Antonis Vratsanos

Antonis Vratsanos (Aggeloulis) (, 1919 in Larissa – November 25, 2008 in Athens), was a saboteur of the Greek People's Liberation Army (ELAS), the military branch of the National Liberation Front (EAM), and the Democratic Army of Greece.
On February 1944, he blew up a German train, full of soldiers and officers, on their way to the Eastern Front. This cost the Wehrmacht 450 dead, including 150 officers and a general with all his staff. This action is considered as one of the biggest sabotages in Europe, against the German occupation. After the Communists' defeat in the Greek Civil War, he spent 33 years in exile in Romania.
On February 28, 2007, he was awarded by the President of the Hellenic Republic, Karolos Papoulias, the "Grand Commander of the Order of Honor" for his actions in the Greek Resistance in the years 1941-44.

</doc>
<doc id="20465348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465348" title="Mike McCurry">
Mike McCurry

Mike McCurry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20465358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465358" title="History of Poland in the Early Modern era (1569–1795)">
History of Poland in the Early Modern era (1569–1795)

The early modern era of Polish history follows the late Middle Ages. Historians use the term "[modern Europe|early modern']" to refer to the period beginning in approximately 1500 AD and lasting until around 1800. 
The "Nihil novi" act adopted by the Polish diet in 1505 transferred legislative power from the king to the diet. This event marked the beginning of the period known as the "Nobles' Democracy" or "Nobles' Commonwealth" ("Rzeczpospolita szlachecka"). The state was ruled by the "free and equal" Polish nobility or "szlachta", albeit in intense, and at times destabilizing, competition with the Jagiellon and then elective kings. 
The Union of Lublin of 1569 constituted the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, a more closely merged continuation of the already existing personal union of the Crown of Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. The beginning of the Commonwealth coincided with the period of Poland's greatest territorial expansion, power, civilizational advancement and prosperity. The Polish–Lithuanian state had become an influential player in Europe and a vital cultural entity, spreading Western culture eastward. 
Following the Reformation gains accompanied by religious toleration, the Catholic Church embarked on an ideological counter-offensive and Counter-Reformation claimed many converts from Protestant circles. The disagreements over and the difficulties with the assimilation of the eastern Ruthenian populations of the Commonwealth had become clearly discernible; an attempt to settle the issue was made in the religious Union of Brest. On the military front, a series of Cossack uprisings took place.
The Commonwealth, assertive militarily under King Stephen Báthory, suffered from dynastic distractions during the reigns of the Vasa kings Sigismund III and Władysław IV. It had also become a playground of internal conflicts, in which the kings, powerful magnates and factions of nobility were the main actors. The Commonwealth fought wars with Russia, Sweden and the Ottoman Empire. 
The situation, however, soon radically deteriorated. From 1648 the Cossack Khmelnytsky Uprising engulfed the south and east, and was soon followed by a Swedish invasion, which raged through core Polish lands. Warfare with the Cossacks and Russia left Ukraine divided, with the eastern part, lost by the Commonwealth, becoming the Tsardom's dependency. John III Sobieski, fighting protracted wars with the Ottoman Empire, revived the Commonwealth's military might once more, in the process helping decisively in 1683 to deliver Vienna from a Turkish onslaught. 
The Commonwealth, subjected to almost constant warfare until 1720, suffered devastating population losses, massive damage to its economy and social structure. The government became ineffective because of large scale internal conflicts (e.g. Lubomirski's Rokosz against John II Casimir and other confederations), corrupted legislative processes ("liberum veto") and manipulation by foreign interests. The "ruling" nobility class fell under control of a handful of powerful families with established territorial domains. The reigns of two kings of the Saxon Wettin dynasty, Augustus II and Augustus III, brought the Commonwealth further disintegration. 
The Polish-Lithuanian state was dominated by the Russian Empire from the time of Peter the Great. This foreign control reached its climax under Catherine the Great, and involved at that time also the Kingdom of Prussia and the Austrian Habsburg Monarchy. During the later part of the 18th century the Commonwealth recovered economically, developed culturally and attempted fundamental internal reforms. The reform activity provoked hostile reaction and eventually military response on the part of the neighboring powers. The royal election of 1764 resulted in the reign of Stanisław August Poniatowski.
The Bar Confederation of 1768 was a "szlachta" rebellion directed against Russia and the Polish king. It was brought under control and followed in 1772 by the First Partition of the Commonwealth, a permanent encroachment on the outer Commonwealth provinces by Russia, Prussia and Austria. 
The Great, or Four-Year Sejm was convened by Stanisław August in 1788. The Sejm's landmark achievement was the passing of the Constitution of May 3, 1791, considered the first in modern Europe. The constitutional reform generated strong opposition from conservative circles in the Commonwealth's upper nobility and from Catherine II. 
The nobility's Targowica Confederation appealed to Empress Catherine for help and in May 1792 the Russian army entered the territory of the Commonwealth. The defensive war fought by the forces of the Commonwealth ended when the King, convinced of the futility of resistance, capitulated by joining the Targowica Confederation. Russia and Prussia in 1793 arranged for and executed the Second Partition of the Commonwealth, which left the country with critically reduced territory, practically incapable of independent existence. 
Reformers and patriots were soon preparing for a national insurrection. Tadeusz Kościuszko, chosen as its leader, on March 24, 1794 in Cracow (Kraków) declared a national uprising. Kościuszko emancipated and enrolled in his army many peasants, but the hard-fought insurrection ended in suppression by the forces of Russia and Prussia. The third and final partition of the Commonwealth was undertaken again by all three partitioning powers, and in 1795 the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth ceased to exist.
Early elective monarchy.
Non-hereditary royal succession.
The death of Sigismund II Augustus in 1572 ended the nearly two centuries of the rule of the Jagiellon dynasty in Poland. It was followed by a three-year interregnum period, during which the Polish nobility ("szlachta") was searching for ways to continue the governance process and elect a new monarch. Lower "szlachta" was now included in the selection process and adjustments were made to the constitutional system. The power of the monarch was further circumscribed in favor of the expanding noble class, which sought to ensure its future domination. 
Each king had to sign the so-called Henrician Articles (named after Henry of Valois, the first post-Jagiellon king), which were the basis of the political system of Poland, and the "pacta conventa", which were various further personal obligations of the chosen king. From that point, the king was effectively a partner with the nobility, a top member of the diet (sejm), and was constantly supervised by a group of upper-rank nobles, senators from sejm's upper chamber. 
The disappearance of the ruling dynasty and its replacement with a non-hereditary elective monarchy made the constitutional system much more unstable. With each election the noble electors wanted more power for themselves and less for the monarch, although there were practical limits to how much the kings could be constrained. A semi-permanent power struggle resulted, to which the magnates and lesser "szlachta" added their own constant manipulations and bickering and authority eroded from the government's center. Eventually foreign states had taken advantage of the vacuum and replaced the nobility of the Commonwealth as the real arbiter of royal elections and of overall power in Poland-Lithuania.
In its periodic opportunities to fill the throne, the "szlachta" exhibited a preference for foreign candidates who would not found another strong dynasty. This policy produced monarchs who were either ineffective or in constant debilitating conflict with the nobility. The kings of alien origin were initially unfamiliar with the internal dynamics of the Commonwealth, had remained distracted by the politics of their native countries, and often inclined to subordinate the interests of the Commonwealth to those of their own country and ruling house.
Henry of Valois (1573–1574).
In April 1573, Sigismund's sister Anna, the sole heir to the crown, convinced the Sejm to elect the French prince Henry of Valois as king. Her marriage with Henry was to further legitimize Henry's rule, but less than a year after his coronation, Henry fled Poland to succeed his brother Charles IX as King of France.
Stephen Báthory (1576–1586).
The able and militarily as well as domestically assertive Transylvanian Stephen Báthory (1576–1586) counts among the few more highly regarded elective kings.
During the Livonian War (1558–1582), fought between Ivan the Terrible of Russia and Poland-Lithuania, Pskov was besieged by Polish forces. The city was not captured, but Báthory, with his Chancellor Jan Zamoyski, led the Polish army in a decisive campaign and forced Russia to return territories previously taken, gaining Livonia and Polotsk. In 1582 the war ended with the Truce of Jam Zapolski.
The Commonwealth forces retrieved most of the lost provinces. At the end of Báthory's reign, Poland ruled two main Baltic Sea ports: Danzig (Gdańsk), controlling the Vistula River trade and Riga, controlling the Daugava River trade. Both cities were among the largest in the country.
War of the Polish Succession.
Stephen Báthory planned a Christian alliance against the Islamic Ottomans. He proposed an anti-Ottoman alliance with Russia, which he considered necessary for his anti-Ottoman crusade. Russia however was heading for its Time of Troubles and he could not find a partner there. When Báthory died, there was a year-long interregnum. Emperor Mathias' brother, Archduke Maximilian III, tried to claim the Polish throne, but was defeated at Byczyna during the War of the Polish Succession (1587–1588). Sigismund III Vasa became the Commonwealth's next king, the first of the three rulers from the Swedish House of Vasa.
House of Vasa.
Sigismund III Vasa (1587–1632).
Sigismund III Vasa was King of Poland 1587–1632 and King of Sweden 1592–99. He was the son of John III Vasa of Sweden and Catherine, the daughter of Sigismund I the Old of Poland. He annoyed the Polish nobles by deliberately dressing in Spanish and other Western European styles (including French hosiery). An ardent Catholic, Sigismund III was determined to win the Swedish crown and bring Sweden back to Catholicism. Subsequently, Sigismund III involved Poland in unnecessary and unpopular wars with Sweden during which the diet refused him money and soldiers and Sweden seized Livonia and Prussia.
The first few years of Sigismund's reign (until 1598) saw Poland and Sweden united in a personal union that made the Baltic Sea an internal lake. However, a rebellion in Sweden started the chain of events that would involve the Commonwealth in more than a century of warfare with Sweden.
The Catholic Church embarked on an ideological counter-offensive and Counter-Reformation claimed many converts from Protestant circles. The Union of Brest split the Eastern Christians of the Commonwealth. In order to further Catholicism, the Uniate Church (acknowledging papal supremacy but following Eastern ritual and Slavonic liturgy) was created at the Synod of Brest in 1596. The Uniates drew many followers away from the Orthodox Church in the Commonwealth's eastern territories.
Sigismund's attempts to introduce absolutism, then becoming prevalent in the rest of Europe, and his goal of reacquiring the throne of Sweden for himself, resulted in a rebellion of the "szlachta" (gentry). In 1607 the Polish nobility threatened to suspend the agreements with their elected king but did not attempt his overthrow.
For ten years between 1619 and 1629 the Commonwealth was at its greatest geographical extent in history. In 1619 the Russo-Polish Truce of Deulino came into effect, whereby Russia conceded Commonwealth control over Smolensk and several other border territories. In 1629 the Swedish-Polish Truce of Altmark took place; the Commonwealth ceded to Sweden most of Livonia, which the Swedes had invaded in 1626.
Sigismund III Vasa failed to strengthen the Commonwealth or to solve its internal problems; he concentrated on futile attempts to regain his former Swedish throne.
Commonwealth-Sweden-Muscovy Wars.
Sigismund desire to reclaim the Swedish throne drove him into prolonged military adventures waged against Sweden under Charles IX and later also Russia. In 1598 Sigismund tried to defeat Charles with a mixed army from Sweden and Poland, but was defeated in the Battle of Stångebro. 
As the Tsardom of Russia went through its "Time of Troubles," Poland failed to capitalize on the situation. Military campaigns undertaken brought Poland at times close to a conquest of Russia and the Baltic coast during the Time of Troubles and False Dimitris, but military burden imposed by the ongoing rivalry also along other frontiers (the Ottoman Empire and Sweden) prevented this from being accomplished. After prolonged war with Russia, Polish forces occupied Moscow in 1610. The office of tsar, then vacant in Russia, was offered to Sigismund's son, Władysław. Sigismund, however, opposed his son's accession as tsar, as he hoped to obtain the Russian throne for himself. Two years later the Poles were driven out of Moscow and Poland lost an opportunity for a Polish-Russian union.
Poland escaped the Thirty Years' War (1618–1648), which ravaged everything to the west, especially Prussia. In 1618, the Elector of Brandenburg became hereditary ruler of the Duchy of Prussia on the Baltic coast. From then on, Poland's link to the Baltic Sea was bordered on both sides by two provinces of the same German state.
Southern wars.
The Commonwealth viewed itself as the "bulwark of the Christendom" and together with the Habsburgs and the Republic of Venice stood in the way of the Ottoman plans of European conquests. Since the second half of the 16th century, the Polish-Ottomans relations were worsened by the escalation of Cossack-Tatar border warfare, which turned the entire border region between the Commonwealth and the Ottoman Empire into a semi-permanent warzone. A constant threat from Crimean Tatars supported the appearance of Cossackdom.
In 1595, magnates of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth intervened in the affairs of Moldavia. This started a series of conflicts that would soon spread to Transylvania, Wallachia and Hungary, when the forces of the Polish magnates clashed with the forces backed by the Ottoman Empire and occasionally the Habsburgs, all competing for the domination over that region.
With the Commonwealth engaged on its northern and eastern borders with nearly constant conflicts against Sweden and Russia, its armies were spread thin. The southern wars culminated in the Polish defeat at the Battle of Cecora in 1620. The Commonwealth was forced to renounce all claims to Moldavia, Transylvania, Wallachia and Hungary.
Religious and social tensions.
The population of Poland-Lithuania was neither overwhelmingly Roman Catholic nor Polish. This circumstance resulted from the federation with the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, where East Slavic Ruthenian populations predominated. In the days of the "Republic of Nobles", to be Polish was much less an indication of ethnicity than of rank; it was a designation largely reserved for the landed noble class, which included members of Polish and non-Polish origin alike. Generally speaking, the ethnically non-Polish noble families of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania gradually adopted the Polish language and culture. As a result, in the eastern territories of the Kingdom the Polish-speaking landed nobility dominated over the peasantry, whose great majority was neither Polish nor Catholic. Moreover, the decades of peace brought huge colonization efforts to Ukraine, which heightened tensions between peasants, Jews and nobles. The tensions were aggravated by the conflicts between the Orthodox and Greek Catholic (both Church Slavonic liturgy) churches following the Union of Brest and by several Cossack uprisings. In the west and north of the country, cities had large German minorities, often of reformed beliefs. According to the "Risāle-yi Tatar-i Leh" (an account of the Lipka Tatars written for Suleiman the Magnificent by an anonymous Polish Muslim during a stay in Istanbul in 1557-8, on his way to Mecca) there were 100 Lipka Tatar settlements with mosques in Poland. In 1672, the Tatar subjects rose up in an open rebellion against the Commonwealth.
Władysław IV Vasa (1632–1648).
During the reign of Sigismund's son, Władysław IV Vasa, the Cossacks in Ukraine revolted against Poland; wars with Russia and Turkey weakened the country; and "szlachta" obtained new privileges, mainly exemption from income tax.
Władysław IV aimed to achieve many military goals, including conquests of Russia, Sweden and Turkey. His reign is that of many small victories, few of them bringing anything worthwhile to the Commonwealth. He was once elected a Russian tsar, but never had any control over Russian territories. Like his father, Władysław was involved in Swedish dynastic ambitions. He failed to strengthen the Commonwealth or prevent the crippling events of the Khmelnytsky Uprising and the The Deluge that devastated the Commonwealth from 1648 onward.
John Casimir Vasa (1648–1668).
The reign of Władysław's brother John Casimir, the last of the Vasas, was dominated by the culmination in the war with Sweden, the groundwork for which was laid down by the two previous Vasa kings. In 1660, John Casimir was forced to renounce his claims to the Swedish throne and acknowledge Swedish sovereignty over Livonia and city of Riga. 
Under John Casimir, the Cossacks grew in power and at times were able to defeat the Poles; the Swedes occupied much of Poland, including Warsaw, the capital; and the King, abandoned or betrayed by his subjects, had to seek temporary refuge in Silesia. As a result of the wars with the Cossacks and Russia, the Commonwealth lost Kiev, Smolensk, and all the areas east of the Dnieper River by the Treaty of Andrusovo (1667). During John Casimir's reign, East Prussia successfully renounced its formal status as a fief of Poland. Internally, the process of disintegration started. The nobles, making their own alliances with foreign powers, pursued independent policies; the rebellion of Jerzy Lubomirski shook the throne.
John Casimir, a broken, disillusioned man, abdicated the Polish throne on 16 September 1668 amid internal anarchy and strife and returned to France, where he joined the Jesuit order and became a monk. He died in 1672.
Khmelnytsky Uprising (1648–1654).
The Khmelnytsky Uprising, by far the largest of the Cossack uprisings, proved disastrous for the Commonwealth. The Cossacks, allied with the Tatars, defeated the forces of the Commonwealth in several battles, the Commonwealth scored a major victory at Berestechko, but the Polish-Lithuanian empire ended up "fatally wounded". The easternmost parts of its territory were effectively lost to Russia, which resulted in a long-term shift in the balance of power. In the short-term the country was weakened at the moment of the invasion by Sweden.
The Deluge (1648–1667).
Although Poland-Lithuania was unaffected by the Thirty Years' War (1618–1648), the following two decades subjected the nation to one of its worst trials ever. This colorful but ruinous interval, the stuff of legend and popular historical novels of Nobel laureate Henryk Sienkiewicz, became known as "potop", or the Deluge, for the magnitude and suddenness of its hardships. The emergency began when the Ukrainian Cossacks rose in revolt and declared an independent state based in the vicinity of Kiev, allied with the Crimean Tatars and the Ottoman Empire. Their leader Bohdan Khmelnytsky defeated Polish armies in 1648 and 1652, and after the Cossacks concluded the Treaty of Pereyaslav with Russia in 1654, Tsar Alexis overran the entire eastern part of the Commonwealth (Ukraine) to Lwów (Lviv). Taking advantage of Poland's preoccupation in the east and weakness, Charles X Gustav of Sweden intervened. Most of the Polish nobility along with the Polish vassal Frederick William of Brandenburg-Prussia agreed to recognize him as king after he promised to drive out the Russians. However, the Swedish troops embarked on an orgy of looting and destruction, which caused the Polish populace to rise up in revolt. The Swedes overran the remainder of Poland except for Lviv and Danzig (Gdańsk). Poland-Lithuania rallied to recover most of its losses from the Swedes. In exchange for breaking the alliance with Sweden, Frederick William, the ruler of Ducal Prussia, was released from his vassalage and became a "de facto" independent sovereign, while much of the Polish Protestant nobility went over to the side of the Swedes. Under Hetman Stefan Czarniecki, the Poles and Lithuanians had driven the Swedes from the Commonwealth's territory by 1657. The armies of Frederick William intervened and were also defeated. Frederick William's rule over East Prussia was recognized, although Poland retained the right of succession until 1773.
The thirteen-year struggle over control of Ukraine included an attempted formal union of Ukraine with the Commonwealth as an equal partner (1658) and Polish military successes in 1660-1662. This was not enough to keep eastern Ukraine. Under the pressure of continuing Ukrainian unrest and the threat of a Turkish-Tatar intervention, the Commonwealth and Russia signed in 1667 an agreement in the village of Andrusovo near Smolensk, according to which eastern Ukraine (left bank of the Dnieper River) now belonged to Russia. Kiev was also leased to Russia for two years, but never returned and eventually Poland recognized Russian control of the city.
The "potop" wars episode inflicted irremediable damage and contributed heavily to the ultimate demise of the state. Held responsible for the greatest disaster in Polish history, John Casimir abdicated in 1668. The population of the Commonwealth had been reduced by a staggering 1/3, by military casualties, slave raids, plague epidemics, and mass murders of civilians. Most of Poland's cities were reduced to rubble, and the nation's economic base was decimated. The war had been paid for by large-scale minting of worthless currency, causing runaway inflation. Religious feelings had also been inflamed by the conflict, ending tolerance of non-Catholic beliefs. Henceforth, the Commonwealth would be on the strategic defensive facing hostile and increasingly more powerful neighbors.
Commonwealth after the Deluge.
In the Treaty of Oliva in 1660, John Casimir finally renounced his claims to the Swedish crown, which ended the feud between Sweden and the Commonwealth and the accompanying string of wars between those countries (War against Sigismund (1598–1599), Polish–Swedish wars (1600–1629) and the Northern War (1655–1660)).
After the Truce of Andrusovo of 1667 and the Eternal Peace Treaty of 1686, the Commonwealth lost left-bank Ukraine to Russia.
Polish culture and the Uniate East Slavic Greek Catholic Church gradually advanced. By the 18th century, the populations of Ducal Prussia and Royal Prussia were a mixture of Catholics and Protestants and used both the German and Polish languages. The rest of Poland and most of Lithuania remained overwhelmingly Roman Catholic, while Ukraine and some parts of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania (Belarus) were Greek Orthodox and Greek Catholic (both Church Slavonic liturgy). The society consisted of the upper stratum (8% nobles, 1% clergy), townspeople and the peasant majority. Various nationalities/ethnicities or linguistic groups were present, including Poles, Germans, Jews, Ukrainians, Belarusians, Lithuanians, Armenians and Tatars, among others.
Native kings; wars with the Ottoman Empire.
Michael Korybut Wiśniowiecki (1669–1673).
Following the abdication of King John Casimir Vasa and the end of the Deluge, the Polish nobility (szlachta), disappointed with the rule of the Vasa dynasty monarchs, elected Michał Korybut Wiśniowiecki as king, believing that as a non-foreigner he would further the interests of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. He was the first ruler of Polish origin since the last of Jagiellon dynasty, Sigismund II Augustus, died in 1572. Michael was a son of a controversial but popular with "szlachta" military commander Jeremi Wiśniowiecki, known for his actions during the Khmelnytsky Uprising.
His reign was not successful. Michael lost a war against the Ottoman Empire, with the Turks occupying Podolia and most of Ukraine from 1672-1673. Wiśniowiecki was a passive monarch who readily played into the hands of the Habsburgs. He was unable to cope with his responsibilities and with the different quarreling factions within Poland.
John III Sobieski (1674–1696).
Hetman John Sobieski was the Commonwealth's last great military commander; he was active and effective in the continuing warfare with the Ottoman Empire. Sobieski was elected as another "Piast" (of Polish family) king. John III's most famous achievement was the decisive contribution by the Commonwealth's forces led by him to the defeat of the Ottoman Empire's army in 1683, at the Battle of Vienna. The Ottomans, if victorious, would have likely become a threat to Western Europe, but the successful battle eliminated that possibility and marked the turning point in a 250-year struggle between the forces of Christian Europe and the Islamic Ottoman Empire. Over the 16 years following the battle (the Great Turkish War), the Turks would be permanently driven south of the Danube River, never to threaten Central Europe again. 
For the Commonwealth there was no big payoff for the Turkish victories and the rescuer of Vienna had to cede territories to Russia in return for promised aid against the Crimean Tatars and Turks. Poland had previously formally relinquished all claims to Kiev in 1686. On other fronts John III was even less successful, including agreements with France and Sweden in a failed attempt to regain the Duchy of Prussia. Only when the Holy League concluded peace with the Ottomans in 1699, Poland recovered Podolia and parts of Ukraine.
Decay of the Commonwealth.
Beginning in the 17th century, because of the deteriorating state of internal politics and government and destructive wars, the nobles' democracy gradually declined into anarchy, making the once powerful Commonwealth vulnerable to foreign interference and intervention. In the late 17th century Poland-Lithuania had virtually ceased to function as a coherent and genuinely independent state.
During the 18th century, the Polish-Lithuanian federation became
subject to manipulations by Sweden, Russia, the Kingdom of Prussia, France and Austria. Poland's weakness was exacerbated by an unworkable parliamentary rule which allowed each deputy in sejm to use his vetoing power to stop further parliamentary proceedings for the given session. This greatly weakened the central authority of Poland and paved the way for its destruction.
The decline leading to foreign domination had begun in earnest several decades after the end of the Jagiellon dynasty. Insufficient and ineffective taxation, virulently contested by the "szlachta" whenever it impinged on their perceived interests, was another contributor to the downfall. There were two kinds of taxes, those levied by the Crown and those levied by legislative assemblies. The Crown raised both customs duties and taxes on land, transportation, salt, lead, and silver. Sejm raised a land tax, a city tax, a tax on alcohol, and a poll tax on Jews. The exports and imports by the nobility were tax-free. The disorganized and increasingly decentralized nature of tax gathering and the numerous exceptions from taxation meant that the king and the state had insufficient revenue to perform military or civilian functions. At one point the king secretly and illegally sold crown jewels.
The nobles or "szlachta" became increasingly focused on guarding their own "liberties" and blocked any policies designed to strengthen the nation or build a powerful army. Beginning in 1652, the fatal practice of "liberum veto" was their basic tool. It required unanimity in sejm and permitted even a single deputy not only to block any measure but to cause dissolution of a sejm and submission of all measures already passed to the next sejm. Foreign diplomats, using bribery or persuasion, routinely caused the dissolution of inconvenient sessions of sejm. Of the 37 sejms in 1674-96, only 12 were able to enact any legislation. The others were dissolved by the "liberum veto" of one person or another.
The Commonwealth's last martial triumph occurred in 1683 when King John III Sobieski drove the Turks from the gates of Vienna with a heavy cavalry charge. Poland's important role in aiding the European alliance to roll back the Ottoman Empire was rewarded with some territory in Podolia by the Treaty of Karlowitz (1699). This partial success did little to mask the internal weakness and paralysis of the Polish–Lithuanian political system.
For the next quarter century, Poland was often a pawn in Russia's campaigns against other powers. When John III died in 1697, 18 candidates vied for the throne, which ultimately went to Frederick Augustus of Saxony, who then converted to Catholicism. Ruling as Augustus II, his reign presented the opportunity to unite Saxony (an industrialized area) with Poland, a country rich in mineral resources. The King however lacked skill in foreign policy and became entangled in a war with Sweden. His allies, the Russians and the Danes, were repelled by Charles XII of Sweden, beginning the Great Northern War. Charles installed a puppet ruler in Poland and marched on Saxony, compelling Augustus to give up his crown and turning Poland into a base for the Swedish army. Poland was again devastated by the armies of Sweden, Russia, and Saxony. Its major cities were destroyed and a third of the population killed by the war and a plague outbreak in 1702-13. The Swedes finally withdrew from Poland and invaded Ukraine, where they were defeated by the Russians at Poltava. Augustus was able to reclaim his throne with Russian support, but Tsar Peter the Great decided to annex Livonia in 1710. He also suppressed the Cossacks, who had been in revolt against Poland since 1699. Later on, the Tsar frustrated an attempt by Prussia to gain territory from Poland (despite Augustus' approval of this). After the Great Northern War, Poland became an effective protectorate of Russia for the rest of the 18th century. The wide-ranging European War of the Polish Succession, named after the conflict over the succession to Augustus II, was fought from 1733–1735.
In the 18th century, the powers of the monarchy and the central administration became mostly formal. Kings were denied opportunity to provide for elementary requirements of defense and finance, and aristocratic clans made treaties directly with foreign sovereigns. Attempts at reform were stymied by the determination of "szlachta" to preserve their "golden freedoms", most notably the "liberum veto". Because of the chaos sown by the veto provision, under Augustus III (1733–63) only one of the thirteen sejm sessions ran to an orderly adjournment.
Unlike Spain and Sweden, great powers that were allowed to settle peacefully into secondary status at the periphery of Europe at the end of their time of glory, Poland endured its decline at the strategic crossroads of the continent. Lacking central leadership and impotent in foreign relations, Poland-Lithuania became a chattel of the ambitious kingdoms that surrounded it, an immense but feeble buffer state. During the reign of Peter the Great (1682–1725), the Commonwealth fell under the dominance of Russia, and by the middle of the 18th century Poland-Lithuania had been made a virtual protectorate of its eastern neighbor, retaining only a theoretical right to self-rule.
By the 18th century, outside commentators routinely ridiculed the ineffectiveness of sejms, blaming the "liberum veto". Throughout Europe political commentators unanimously called it a terrible failure. Many Polish nobles regarded the veto as a constructive instrument, to be used as a weapon against the presumably tyrannical aspirations of the monarchy. The long-term result was a weak state that could not compete with its neighbors, especially Prussia and Russia. Inevitably Poland was partitioned among them and the nobles lost all their political rights as well as their nation state. 
Several decades before the loss independence, intellectuals began to reconsider the role of the veto and the nature of Polish liberty, arguing that Poland had not been progressing as fast as the rest of Europe because of a lack of political stability. The exposure to Enlightenment ideas gave Poles further reason to reconsider concepts such as society and equality, and this led to discovery of the idea of the "naród", or nation; a nation in which all people, not just the nobility, should enjoy the rights of political liberty. The reform movement came too late to save the state, but helped to form the coherent nation, able to survive the long period of Partitioned Poland.
Commonwealth–Saxony personal union.
After John III Sobieski's death, the Polish-Lithuanian throne was occupied for seven decades by the German Prince-elector of Saxony, Augustus II the Strong, and his son, Augustus III, of the House of Wettin.
Augustus II the Strong (1697–1706, 1709–1733).
Augustus II the Strong, also known as Frederick Augustus I, was an over-ambitious ruler. In the contest for the crown of the Commonwealth he defeated his main rival, François Louis, Prince of Conti, who was supported by France, and King John III's son, Jakub. To ensure his success in becoming the Polish king he converted from Lutheranism to Roman Catholicism. Augustus II virtually bought the election. Augustus hoped to make the Polish throne hereditary for the House of Wettin, and to use his resources as Elector of Saxony to impose some order on the chaotic Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. However, he was soon distracted from his internal reform projects and became preoccupied by the possibility of external conquests.
In alliance with Peter the Great of Russia, Augustus won back Podolia and western Ukraine and concluded the long series of Polish-Turkish wars by the Treaty of Karlowitz (1699). A Cossack revolt that had begun in 1699 was suppressed by the Russians. Augustus tried unsuccessfully to regain the Baltic coast from Charles XII of Sweden. He allied with Denmark and Russia, provoking a war with Sweden. After Augustus' allies were defeated, Sweden's king Charles XII marched from Livonia into Poland, using it then as the base of his operations. Installing a puppet ruler (King Stanisław Leszczyński) in Warsaw, he occupied Saxony and drove Augustus II from the throne. Augustus was forced to cede the crown from 1704 to 1709, but regained it when Tsar Peter defeated Charles XII at the Battle of Poltava (1709). Poland, which after having suffered extensive damages from wars had only recently returned to its 1650 population level, was once again completely razed to the ground by the armies of Sweden, Saxony, and Russia. Two million people died as a result of the war and disease epidemics. Cities were reduced to rubble, and cultural losses were immense. After the Swedish defeat Augustus II regained the throne with Russian backing, but the Russians proceeded to annex Livonia after driving the Swedes from it. 
Augustus II was helpless when, in 1701, the Elector of Brandenburg proclaimed himself sovereign "King in Prussia," as Frederick I and founded the aggressive, militaristic Prussian state, which would eventually form nucleus of a united Germany. The victor from Poltava, Tsar Peter the Great declared Russia to be the guardian of the Polish-Lithuanian Republic's territorial integrity. This effectively meant that the Commonwealth became a Russian protectorate; it had remained in this condition for the duration of its existence (until 1795). The policy of Russia was to exercise political control over Poland in cooperation with Austria and Prussia.
Stanisław Leszczyński (1706–1709, 1733–1736).
Seen as a puppet of Sweden during his first stint on the throne, Stanisław Leszczyński ruled in times of turmoil, and Augustus II soon recovered the throne, forcing him into exile. He was elected king again following the death of Augustus in 1733, with the support of France and Polish nobles, but not of Poland's neighbors. After the military intervention by Russian and Saxon troops, he was besieged in Danzig, and again forced to leave the country. For the rest of his life Leszczyński became a successful and popular ruler in the Duchy of Lorraine.
August III (1733–1763).
Also Elector of Saxony (as Frederick Augustus II), Augustus III inherited Saxony after his father's death, and was elected King of Poland by a minority sejm with the support of Russian troops. Augustus III was a puppet of Russia, and during his reign foreign armies criss-crossed the land. He was uninterested in the affairs of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, which he viewed mostly as a source of funds and resources for strengthening his power in Saxony. During his 30-year reign, he spent less than 3 years in Poland, delegating most of his powers and responsibilities to Count Heinrich von Brühl. Augustus III's uninvolved reign facilitated political anarchy and further weakened the Commonwealth, while the neighboring Prussia, Austria and especially Russia were becoming increasingly dominant in its affairs.
Reforms and partitions during the reign of Stanisław August Poniatowski (1764–1795).
From the early years of the reign of Empress Catherine the Great (1762–1796), Russia intensified its manipulation of Polish affairs. Prussia and Austria, the other powers surrounding the Republic, also took advantage of internal religious and political bickering. The neighboring states divided up the country in three partition stages. The third one in 1795 wiped Poland-Lithuania from the map of Europe.
Russian protectorate and First Partition.
More enlightened Poles realized by now that reforms were necessary. One faction, led by the Czartoryski family, sought to abolish the fatal "liberum veto" and promoted a broad reform program; their main rivals were the Potocki family faction. The Czartoryskis entered into collaboration with the Russians, and in 1764 Empress Catherine II of Russia dictated the election of a member of the Czartoryski clan, her former favorite and lover, Stanisław August Poniatowski, as king of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. Partially confounding expectations that he would be an obedient servant of his former mistress, Stanislaw August encouraged a modernization of his realm's dysfunctional political system and achieved a temporary moratorium on use of the "liberum veto" in sejm (1764–1766). This threatened to increase the strength of central government and brought displeasure in the foreign capitals that preferred an inert, pliable Poland. Displeased Catherine encouraged religious dissension in Poland-Lithuania's substantial Eastern Orthodox population, which had lost the rights guaranteed to them in the 16th century.
Under heavy Russian pressure, the unhappy sejm introduced religious toleration and Orthodox and Protestant equality with Catholics in 1767. Through the Polish nobles that Russia controlled (the Confederation of Radom) and Russian Minister to Warsaw Prince Nicholas Repnin, Catherine forced a sejm constitution (comprehensive legislation), which undid Poniatowski's reforms of 1764. The "liberum veto" and other old abuses of "szlachta" power were guaranteed as unalterable parts of this new constitution.
Poland was however also compelled to sign a treaty of guarantee with Russia, where Catherine was imposed as protector (guarantor) of the Polish political system. The system could not be changed without Russia's approval, and thus the Commonwealth became "de facto" a Russian protectorate. The real power in Poland lay with the Russian ambassadors, and the Polish king became to a significant degree an executor of their will. 
This situation provoked in 1768 a Catholic uprising and civil war known as the Confederation of Bar. The Confederation was a league of Polish nobles that fought against the King and Russian forces until 1772, to revoke the Empress' mandate. The Confederation's warfare and defeat provoked in part a partition of the Commonwealth (seizure of its outer territories) by its neighbors. Although Catherine initially opposed partition, King Frederick II of Prussia, interested in territorial gains and in neutralizing Austria's threatening military position, promoted a partition scheme that would be favorable to the interests of all three partitioning states. Emperor Joseph II of the Habsburg Monarchy and then Empress Catherine agreed, and in 1772 Russia, Prussia, and Austria forced the terms of partition upon the helpless Commonwealth, under the pretext of quelling anarchy and restoring order.
National revival.
The first partition in 1772 did not directly threaten the stability of the Polish-Lithuanian state. Poland still retained extensive territory that included the Polish heartlands. Moreover, the shock of the annexations made clear the dangers of decay in government institutions, creating a body of opinion favorable to reform along the lines of the European Enlightenment. King Stanisław August supported the progressive elements in the government and promoted the ideas of foreign political figures such as Edmund Burke and George Washington. Polish intellectuals studied and discussed Enlightenment philosophers such as Montesquieu and Rousseau. During the period of Enlightenment in Poland, the concept of democratic institutions for all classes was accepted in the more progressive circles of Polish society. Education reform included the establishment of the first ministry of education in Europe (the Commission of National Education). Taxation and the army underwent thorough reform, and central executive government was established as the Permanent Council. Landholders emancipated large numbers of peasants, although there was no official government decree. Polish cities and business enterprises, in decline for many decades, were revived by the influence of the Industrial Revolution, especially in mining and textiles.
Stanisław August's process of renovation reached its climax when, after three years of intense debate, the "Great Sejm" produced the Constitution of May 3, 1791, which historian Norman Davies called "the first constitution of its kind in Europe". Conceived in the liberal spirit of the contemporaneous document in the United States, the constitution recast Poland-Lithuania as a hereditary monarchy and got rid of many of the eccentricities and antiquated features of the old system of government. The new constitution abolished the individual veto in parliament; provided a separation of powers among the legislative, executive, and judicial branches of government; and established "people's sovereignty" (for the noble and bourgeois classes). Although never fully implemented, the Constitution of May 3 gained a cherished position in the Polish political heritage; tradition marks the anniversary of its passage as the country's most important civic holiday.
Destruction of Poland-Lithuania.
Passage of the constitution alarmed many nobles, some of whom would lose considerable stature under the new order. In autocratic states such as Russia, the democratic ideals of the new constitution also threatened the existing order, and the prospect of Polish recovery threatened to end domination of Polish affairs by Poland's neighbors. In 1792, Polish conservative factions formed the Confederation of Targowica and appealed for Russian assistance in restoring the "status quo". Empress Catherine was happy to use this opportunity; enlisting Prussian support, she invaded Poland under the pretext of defending Poland's ancient liberties. A defensive war against powerful Russian armies was fought in 1792 with some measure of success, but the irresolute Stanislaw August, who did not believe in the possibility of defeating the Russian Empire, capitulated, defecting to the Targowica Confederation. Arguing that Poland had fallen prey to radical Jacobinism, then at high tide in France, Russia and Prussia abrogated the Constitution of May 3, carried out the Second Partition of Poland in 1793, and placed the remainder of the country under occupation by Russian troops.
The Second Partition was far more injurious than the first. Russia received a vast area of eastern Poland, extending southward nearly to the Black Sea. To the west, Prussia received an area that became known as South Prussia, nearly twice the size of its First Partition gains along the Baltic, as well as the port of Danzig (Gdańsk). Poland's neighbors thus reduced the Commonwealth to a rump state and signaled their intention to abolish it altogether at their convenience.
The Kościuszko Uprising, a great Polish revolt, broke out in 1794 under the leadership of Tadeusz Kościuszko, a military officer who had rendered notable service in the American Revolution. Kościuszko's ragtag insurgent armies won some initial successes, but they eventually fell before the superior forces of Russian General Alexander Suvorov. In the wake of the insurrection of 1794, Russia, Prussia, and Austria carried out the third and final partition of Poland-Lithuania in 1795, erasing the Commonwealth of Two Nations from the map and pledging to never allow its return.
Much of Europe condemned the dismemberment as an international crime without historical parallel. Amid the distractions of the French Revolution and its attendant wars however, no state actively opposed the final annexations. In the long term, the dissolution of Poland-Lithuania upset the traditional European balance of power, dramatically magnifying the influence of Russia and paving the way for the powerful Germany that would emerge in the nineteenth century with Prussia at its core. For the Poles, the Third Partition began a period of continuous foreign rule that would endure for well over a century.

</doc>
<doc id="20465372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465372" title="Lauri Asikainen">
Lauri Asikainen

Lauri Asikainen (born 28 May 1989 in Savonlinna) is a Finnish Nordic combined athlete. He made his senior Nordic combined debut in 2009, at the world championships in Liberec. He was previously a ski jumper, winning team bronze in 2007 at the World Junior Championships in Tarvisio.

</doc>
<doc id="20465379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465379" title="Matthew Waldman">
Matthew Waldman

Matthew Waldman (born c. 1965, Queens, New York City) is an American designer and artist currently based in New York City. He is the founder and Chief Designer of the fashion brand Nooka Inc. as well as the President and Creative Director of Berrymatch LLC.
Biography.
Matthew Waldman was born and raised in Briarwood, Queens, New York and attended the High School of Art and Design on 57th street in NYC with a major in arts and architecture. While being accepted to Harvard for design, he decided to freelance at age 19. From 1987 to 1990 was an art director in corporate communications in Tokyo. Moving back to New York City he became the Creative Director of New York Zoom inc. with backing from a Japanese based agency. After returning from Japan Waldman worked in New York as an Associate Art Director at Mademoiselle magazine, Art Director at YAR Communications Inc, Creative Director at New York Zoom, and Creative Director of Reuters Global Communications Studio. 
In 2000 Waldman founded the design firm Berrymatch, which offers interdisciplinary design consulting to a variety of clients focusing on branding, print and web interactivity. He also works as an adjunct professor at Parson's the New School in New York, teaching a range of courses in product and graphic design, since 2002.
Waldman maintains a personal art project, The Fairly Labor Union. Using both sculpture and paintings, the project has exhibited in a number of prominent galleries in New York, Tokyo, and Great Britain. He has also participated in several other art shows in the United States, the UK and Japan including Tag the System and ArtStorm London in 2004, More Art Inaugural Exhibition, Piece of Peace Lego Exhibition in Japan, The Show Room NYC, and a solo exhibition at Stay Gold Gallery, NY. 
Nooka.
During his tenure at New York Zoom, Nooka was conceived as a project, an ambiguously ethnic name that was Waldman's modus operandi ("new") within the word itself. Tom Dixon (industrial designer) who had contacts at Seiko recommended that Waldman should contact them with a couple time concepts that he conceived while looking at a clock in London. Seiko manufactured a watch similar to the current Nooka Zoo, however when they closed all their sub-brands Waldman decided to manufacture and sell them himself. In 2004 Waldman launched the Nooka company. His first clients in North America were MoMA while in Asia it was United Arrows. During that time he also created the interdisciplinary design firm Berrymatch, LLC in 2000 focusing on branding, print and web interactivity.

</doc>
<doc id="20465388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465388" title="Market Place Mall">
Market Place Mall

Market Place Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Champaign, Illinois, USA. Due to its location in the college town of Champaign, many of the shopping center's retailers are aimed at the college demographic. Its anchor stores are Bergner's, J. C. Penney, and Macy's.
History.
The mall experiences a high occupancy rate, and annually has a large amount of shopper traffic. In May 2004, the management, General Growth Properties, was successful in signing JC Penney back into the mall. JC Penney had left the property (and indeed the region) 5 years previously.
The shopping center acquired a Tuscany-themed Italian villa setting as part of a renovation and expansion project, completed in August 1999. This same renovation and expansion project brought the mall up to of Gross leasable area.
In 2013, it was announced that Sears would be closing in 2014. Sears had operated in Champaign continuously since 1928, and opened its store at the mall in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20465392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465392" title="Chris Basham">
Chris Basham

Christopher Paul "Chris" Basham (born 20 July 1988) is an English footballer who plays for Blackpool. He can play in defence or midfield.
Prior to joining Blackpool in August 2010, he played for Bolton Wanderers, as well as having loan spells at Stafford Rangers and Rochdale.
Career.
Bolton Wanderers.
Born in Hebburn, Basham was a member of the youth team at Newcastle United. In 2006 he joined Bolton Wanderers.
In November 2006 he joined Conference National side Stafford Rangers on loan for one month, making his debut on 25 November in a 2–2 home draw with St Albans City. He made a total of four appearances for "Rangers".
In February 2008 he joined League Two side Rochdale on loan until the end of the 2007–08 season. He made his debut on 12 February in a 4–2 home defeat to Hereford United, and went on to make a total of 13 appearances, helping Rochdale to finish 5th and qualify for the League Two play-offs.
The following season Basham made his senior debut for Bolton Wanderers as an 89th minute substitute in the 4–1 win over Sunderland at the Stadium of Light on 29 November 2008. He scored his first goal on 11 April 2009, in a 4–3 defeat to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge, eight minutes after coming on as a 66th minute substitute for Johan Elmander. He made a total of eleven appearances that season.
On 6 November 2009, and after 17 appearances for the club, Basham signed a contract extension with Bolton until the summer of 2012. He made a total of eight league and two cup appearances in the 2009–10 season.
Blackpool.
On 13 August 2010, Basham signed a three-year contract with newly promoted Premier League side Blackpool for a fee reported to be in the region of £1M.
The following day he made his debut as a 60th-minute substitute as Blackpool marked their Premier League debut on the opening day of the 2010–11 season with a 4–0 win over Wigan Athletic at the DW Stadium.
On 10 December 2011, Basham scored a goal against Southampton.
Personal life.
Basham studied at Gateshead College and trained with their Academy for Sport. He is a supporter of Sunderland A.F.C. of the English Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="20465397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465397" title="Leanderthal Lady">
Leanderthal Lady

Leanderthal Lady, discovered in January 1983, is the name given to the skeletal remains of a prehistoric woman found at the Wilson-Leonard Brushy Creek Site (an ancient Native American campsite) in the city of Cedar Park, Texas, by the Texas Department of Transportation. The remains were also alternatively labeled "Leanne". Both names were inspired by the proximity of the site to the town of Leander, to the north.
Carbon dating and stratigraphic analysis showed the remains to be 10,000 to 13,000 years old. The skeleton is of a five-foot, three-inch tall female who was approximately eighteen to thirty years old at the time of death.
The find was significant as one of the oldest and most complete human skeleton finds in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="20465408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465408" title="Honour and Glory">
Honour and Glory

Honour and Glory (foaled 1993 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won important races during his career. He was bred by William T. Young's Overbrook Farm and purchased by British businessman and prominent racehorse owner, Michael Tabor.
Retired to stud in the United States, Honour and Glory sired a number of winners including the 2000 American Champion Two-Year-Old Filly, Caressing, winner of the 2000 Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies. The Leading First-Crop Sire of 2000, among his other American-born offspring, he sired Blues and Royals, winner of the 2005 UAE Derby.
Honour and Glory was sold to La Mission Stallion Station in Argentina. He stands in that country, where he notably sired 2008 UAE Derby winner, Honour Devil, and at Wintergreen Stallion Station in Midway, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="20465413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465413" title="The Spirit of America">
The Spirit of America

The Spirit of America is a 1963 American short documentary film produced by Algernon G. Walker. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20465434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465434" title="2008 Canadian Tour">
2008 Canadian Tour

The 2008 Canadian Tour season ran from April to September and consisted of 15 golf tournaments. It was the 39th season of the Canadian Professional Golf Tour.
The season started with two events in the United States (in April), followed by three events in Mexico (in April and May), and finishing with 10 events in Canada (in June through September). American John Ellis won the Order of Merit.
Tournament schedule.
Source: [http://www.cantour.com/leagues/cantour_events.cfm?clientid=3776&seasonnum=2008]

</doc>
<doc id="20465443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465443" title="United States Senate election in Delaware, 2000">
United States Senate election in Delaware, 2000

The 2000 United States Senate election in Delaware was held on November 7, 2000, in conjunction with the 2000 U.S. presidential election, other elections to the United States Senate in other states, as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives, and various state and local elections. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator William Roth ran for re-election to a sixth term, but was defeated by Governor Tom Carper.
Campaign.
For 16 years the same four people had held the four major statewide positions. Because of term limits on the Governor's position Carper had to retire. Both he and U.S. Representative Castle wanted to be U.S. Senator. Roth would not retire voluntarily and fellow Republican Castle decided against a primary. Carper defeated Roth by over ten points. However, Roth received more votes than Presidential candidate George W. Bush, suggesting the strength of the Democratic turnout was a boon to Carper's candidacy and a key element of his victory.
Roth, 79, was in the U.S. Senate for thirty years. He was the Chairman of the Finance Committee. Carper, 53, was a popular Governor and former U.S. Congressman of Delaware's At-large congressional district, who announced his major candidacy against Roth back in September 1999. Both candidates were moderates. Roth was one of the few Republicans to vote for the Brady Bill. The African American community of Delaware were upset at Carper's actions as Governor. Although Roth started the campaign with a 2-to-1 spending advantage, Carper went into the final month with more than $1 million on hand. In a contest between two popular and respected politicians, the issue seemed to be Roth's age versus Carper's relative youth.
Carper defeated Roth by over ten points. However, Roth received more votes than Presidential candidate George W. Bush, suggesting the strength of the Democratic turnout was a boon to Carper's candidacy and a key element of his victory. Many consider Carper's upset due to age, as Roth collapsed at a campaign event.

</doc>
<doc id="20465475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465475" title="Véronique Cloutier">
Véronique Cloutier

Véronique Cloutier (born December 31, 1974 in Montreal, Quebec) is a popular French Canadian TV and Radio personality. She is the daughter of producer Guy Cloutier and the sister of Stéphanie Cloutier. She has hosted various programs on Radio-Canada, including "La Fureur", "Véro" and "Paquet Voleur". Her daily radio show "Les Midis de Vero" on Rythme FM is one of the most popular daily programs.
Biography.
Career.
While in high school, Cloutier worked on the radio program "Bonjour Champion" on CKAC. She also worked on the campus radio station of the University of Montreal, CISM-FM, on the radio program "Virus Chronique". Her first television appearance was on the program "Les mini-stars" on the Quebec television network TVA in 1990.
In September 1993, Cloutier attended a public audition for the television channel MusiquePlus and was offered a job with the channel. Various programs that she hosted included "Combat des clips", "Le décompte MusiquePlus" and "Vox Pop". From 1995 to 1997, she hosted her own program called "Véro Show".
In August 1997, she left MusiquePlus to join Radio-Canada. Her first job with the channel was the quiz show "La Tête de l'emploi".
Her career would reach new heights after hosting "La Fureur", a weekly game show where celebrities answer questions related to music. It would become one of the highest rated programs in Quebec with more than 1,200,000 viewers each week. In the fall of 1999, she would host the Gala de l'ADISQ.
On April 3, 2002, she was the master of ceremonies at the Molson Centre in Montreal at an event La Fureur de Céline, in which 15,000 fans saw Céline Dion perform. In the summer of 2002, she starred in her first film, "Les Dangereux", directed by Louis Saia and produced by Richard Goudreau. On December 21, 2007, she was hired by the Royal Canadian Mint as a campaign spokesperson. The campaign was for the launching an all-new ad campaign for Quebec on December 27, 2007. She signed on to represent the Mint for three years. 
In 2008, Cloutier was involved in several projects. She was the host of the Prix Gemeaux, the French Canadian equivalent of the Gemini Awards.
In December 2008, Cloutier hosted Radio-Canada's annual New Year's TV special, "Bye Bye". The show, produced by Cloutier and Morissette, received over 1,300 complaints from viewers finding it vulgar, angry and racist for material that included sketches on the assassination of then-American president-elect Barack Obama, jokes about Nathalie Simard, who was sexually assaulted as a child by Guy Cloutier (her father) and anglophone-bashing.
Personal life.
Her boyfriend is Louis Morissette, a French Canadian comedian. Together, they have three children, two girls name Delphine Cloutier-Morissette and Raphaelle Cloutier-Morissette and a boy name Justin Cloutier-Morissette.

</doc>
<doc id="20465482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465482" title="2008 Potrero de los Funes TC2000 round">
2008 Potrero de los Funes TC2000 round

The 2008 TC2000 in San Luis it was the 13th race of the 2008 TC2000 season. It took place at the new Potrero de los Funes Circuit in Argentina on 23 November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20465484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465484" title="USS Timbalier (AVP-54)">
USS Timbalier (AVP-54)

USS "Timbalier" (AVP-54) was a of the United States Navy. She was commissioned shortly after the end of World War II, and served between 1946 and her decommissioning in 1954.
Construction and commissioning.
"Timbalier" was built at the Lake Washington Shipyard, at Houghton, Washington, with her keel laid down on 9 November 1942. She was launched on 18 April 1943, sponsored by Mrs. S. B. Dunlap. "Timbalier", and her sister , were initially ordered in February 1944 to be completed at the Puget Sound Navy Yard, but were transferred back to the Lake Washington Shipyard in June 1945. This resulting delay meant that she was not commissioned until 24 May 1946. Her first commander was Captain James E. Johnson.
US Navy career.
"Timbalier" sailed from Seattle, Washington on 20 June 1946, arriving at San Francisco, California two days later on 22 June 1946. She transferred to Alameda, California, where she loaded stores and airplane spare parts before sailing for San Diego, California, on 26 June 1946. She underwent a period of sea trials off the United States West Coast finishing 27 July 1946. She then sailed to Panama, transiting the Panama Canal on 3 August 1946. "Timbalier" then sailed to the shipyards at New York City.
She was at the New York Naval Shipyard at Brooklyn, New York until 8 November 1946, when she sailed to Norfolk, Virginia, arriving there on 9 November 1946. She spent the rest of November in the vicinity of Hampton Roads, Virginia.
"Timbalier" departed Hampton Roads on 3 December 1946, bound for San Juan, Puerto Rico. She arrived there on 7 December 1946, beginning service with Fleet Air Wing 11 (FAW-11). She was based at Trinidad, and carried out operations into the Caribbean and off the United States East Coast. She served with FAW-11 as a tender for their Martin PBM Mariner flying boats for the rest of her naval career. With the increase in the Soviet submarine threat by 1951, the PBM Mariner squadrons were deployed to carry out reconnaissance off the US East Coast, and were to concentrate on convoy defense and antisubmarine warfare in the event of conflict with the Soviet Union, supported by "Timbalier", her sister (AVP-38) and seaplane tender .
In 1952 "Timbalier" supported flying boat operations during Operation Mainbrace, a large-scale exercise of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization's navies, off the Scandinavian and Icelandic coasts;"Timbalier" tended flying boats operating out of Lerwick, in the Shetland Islands.
Decommissioning, reserve, and disposal.
"Timbalier" was decommissioned on 15 November 1954 and placed in the Atlantic Reserve Fleet. She was struck from the Navy List on 1 May 1960, and was sold on 20 December 1960 to Panagiotis Kokkinos, of Piraeus, Greece.
Commercial service.
After her sale, "Timbalier" became the Greek cruise ship . She was scrapped at Eleusis, Greece, in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20465496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465496" title="Walk This Way (album)">
Walk This Way (album)

Walk This Way is the major label debut of the band The White Tie Affair. The album contains the singles "Allow Me To Introduce Myself...Mr. Right" and "Candle (Sick and Tired)". Produced by the collaborative team behind Wired All Wrong (Matt Mahaffey and Jeff Turzo) "Walk This Way" was recorded at Annetenna Studios in Burbank, California.
Promotion.
In support of their release, the band toured nationally with artists Secondhand Serenade, Making April, Innerpartysystem, The Medic Droid, and Kill Hannah; as well as this they served as the opening act for Lady Gaga's The Fame Ball Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="20465517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465517" title="Thirty Million Letters">
Thirty Million Letters

Thirty Million Letters is a 1963 short documentary film directed by James Ritchie and made by British Transport Films. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20465533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465533" title="Federico Castañeda">
Federico Castañeda

Federico Castañeda Sonora (born November 24, 1984, in Torreón, Coahuila, Mexico) is a Minor League Baseball pitcher in the San Diego Padres organization. He bats and throws right-handed.
On November 28, 2008, Castañeda was signed by the Kansas City Royals to a Minor League contract. In 2012 he was loaned out by the Royals to the Diablos Rojos del Mexico in the Mexican League. As a relief pitcher Castañeda he appeared in 51 games posting a record of 2-4 with an ERA of 5.71 and 52 strikeouts. He was claimed by the Padres organization on December 6, 2012 as part of the Rule 5 draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20465550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465550" title="Fire forming">
Fire forming

The term fire forming in firearms refers to the process of reshaping a metallic cartridge case to fit a new chamber by firing it within that chamber. This might expand a cartridge to a new size, such as a wildcat cartridge, or just to the chamber of a specific gun.
Fire forming a wildcat differs from the normal manufacturing process; in that it relies on firing a loaded cartridge of differing dimensions than the chamber which it is being fired in. After fire forming, the spent case will take on the new dimensions of the firearm's chamber. Fire forming is the final process in creating a wildcat or an improved cartridge. 
There are two methods of fire forming. One method is to cold form a parent case using forming dies, creating some form of headspace, load the case and fire the cold formed cartridge in the chamber of the firearm. This first method is the most common and will create a wildcat cartridge. The second method is to fire form a factory cartridge by using its factory headspace to headspace on. The factory cartridge is then fired in the chamber of the firearm. This second method will create an improved cartridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20465595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465595" title="Untold Truths">
Untold Truths

Untold Truths is the debut country album from actor-turned-singer Kevin Costner & Modern West. The album was released on November 11, 2008 (see 2008 in country music) on Universal South Records. The album reached #61 on the U.S. "Billboard" Top Country Albums, and #35 on the U.S. Top Heatseekers charts.
Three singles, "Superman 14", "Long Hot Night", and "Backyard" have been released to radio, although none of the songs entered the Hot Country Songs charts.
Track listing.
All tracks written by John Coinman, Kevin Costner and Teddy Morgan, unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20465601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465601" title="To Live Again (film)">
To Live Again (film)

To Live Again is a 1963 short documentary film produced by Mel London. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20465613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465613" title="To Live Again">
To Live Again

To Live Again can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20465627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465627" title="Nooka">
Nooka

Nooka Inc. is a New York fashion design company founded by artist/designer Matthew Waldman. The ethos of Nooka is universal language, which guides the creation of products with enhanced functionality and a futuristic philosophy. Most prominently known for its line of timepieces, Nooka has expanded their range, creating a Mindstyle™ brand with the addition of innovative accessories and a fragrance. With headquarters in New York City and an office in Tokyo, Nooka produces a line of wristwatches and other fashion accessories.
History.
Founded in December 2004 as somewhat of a side project, Waldman started Nooka as an opportunity to incorporate his graphic design skills in manufacturing a watch he designed for Seiko which had unfortunately been discontinued. Thus, the early Zoo model was born, and with the encouragement of fellow designers and his first client, the Museum of Modern Art, Waldman pursued Nooka designs as a full-time venture.
For Waldman the concept of Nooka began in London - "My inspiration was a memory. I was sitting in a hotel in London waiting for a client when i noticed a large clock on the wall. It somehow reminded me of the clock on the wall in first grade. This brought back the memory of being taught ‘how to tell time’. I then remembered being taught ‘how to tell time’ again in the fifth grade when digital clocks became popular. I thought if one has to be taught how to tell time, how intuitive is it really? surely there are other models, once learned, that can be as intuitive as what we are taught. That was my brainstorm. From that thought sprang forth a series of designs I now have patents for, of one which Seiko manufactured."
In 2009, James Gurney, editor of luxury horology magazine QP, stated "the renewed interest in digital watches is largely down to funky, New York-based watchmakers Nooka. Some of its models don't even have digits, just a row of lines and progress bars to denote the time. Tricky to read even when sober."
Since its founding Nooka has earned recognition and awards in various areas dealing with fashion, design and sustainability. In 2010 the Zoo series and Zot series were inducted into the JIDA (Japan Industrial Designers' Association) Design Museum as part of the Vol. 12 Selection. And for their environmentally conscious "Origami Paper Pack" package design the company received first place in the 2012 Dieline Awards, for the category 'Books, Office & Art'.
Nookafesto.
In February 2010 Waldman issued the Nookafesto, a set of core values for the brand. The Nooka manifesto is to Create physical manifestations of ideas, Promote universal communication via the form and visual language of fashion and design, and, Bring a techno-progressivist set of expectations to the world of ordinary objects.
Products.
The first time pieces to be manufactured were the Zoo and Zot. Current watch designs are available in four different styles Zub, Zem, V-Series, and Yogurt. Depending on the style, watches come with either the Zot, Zoo, ZenH, ZenV, Zirc, Zaz, or Zayu face and one of the four lens types Full, Half, Gem, or 45mm. Each style is available in an assortment of colors and practically all include a time and date feature, but most also include alarm and chronograph features.
Collaborations.
Nooka watches are not made to custom order. However, to create unique collectable time-pieces Nooka has teamed up with a variety of companies and artist including W Hotels, Nickelodeon, Hennessy Black, MTV, KidRobot, John Fluevog and newly Hello Kitty. The most recent collaboration with designer Karim Rashid resulted in Nooka's first circular design, the Yogurt. Collaborations are not limited to their watches, in 2010 Nooka and Silicone Zone teamed-up to create a truly eco-friendly watch packaging, the "siliconezone nooka gem box", inspired by the Nooka gem shape logo. Made out of food-grade silicone, the package is microwavable/dishwasher safe and can be used for cooking or as a container. In 2012 Nooka teamed up with Synth Records to launch Noozik, a music compilation of 13 original tracks from exciting up-and-coming artists. Additionally, during 2012 Nooka, in collaboration with graniph, partnered with ten artist to create custom NOOKANOOKA figures which debuted at the graniph Harajuku gallery for the NOOKANOOKAx10 Exhibition. Wrapping up 2012, Nooka launched a footwear collection with FILA which debuted exclusively for the Chinese market.
Sponsorships.
In 2010 Team Nooka was officially announced, as the company's first sponsored team of athletes and entertainers. The creation of Team Nooka followed the success of partnering with Red Bull during their Red Bull BC One competition in New York as well as their sponsorship of the Vans Warped Tour. Nooka has also sponsored other events such as the 2010 Summer [X-Games] in Los Angeles.
Nooka currently sponsors BMX riders Mike Spinner, Steve McCann, Edwin De La Rosa and Morgan Wade. Motocross driver Ryan Tuerck, Lacrosse player Paul Rabil and Snowboarder Kaitlyn Farrington.

</doc>
<doc id="20465647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465647" title="Nice Dancer">
Nice Dancer

Nice Dancer (1969-1997) was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse.
Background.
He was from the last Canadian-sired crop of Northern Dancer before the International champion sire was relocated to Windfields Farm American subsidiary in Maryland.
Owned by Tom Morton and Dick Bonnycastle's Harlequin Ranches, Nice Dancer was trained by Jerry Lavigne.
Racing career.
In his three-year-old season, the colt was ridden primarily by future Canadian and U.S. Hall of Fame jockey, Sandy Hawley. In addition to important stakes races including the Manitoba Derby at Assiniboia Downs in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Nice Dancer set a new Woodbine track record for a mile and three sixteenths in winning the inaugural running of the Col. R. S. McLaughlin Handicap. He won the third leg of the 1972 Canadian Triple Crown series, the Breeders' Stakes, a race run on turf at a distance of 1½ miles (12 furlongs). In the pre Sovereign Award era, Nice Dancer is historically viewed as the Canadian Champion 3-Year-Old Male Horse of 1972.
At age four, Nice Dancer won the Dominion Day Handicap and the Canadian Maturity Stakes before being retired to stud duty.
Stud record.
He stood in Canada from 1974 to 1978 during which time he sired seventy-six foals out of which nine became stakes winners. His most notable offspring was Fiddle Dancer Boy, winner of the 1981 Queen's Plate. Sent to a breeding farm in Japan, Nice Dancer sired nine more stakes winners before his death at age twenty-eight in 1997. He is the damsire of Glide Path, winner of the 1995 Stockholm Cup International, Sweden's most important race.

</doc>
<doc id="20465666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465666" title="Edward William Pritchard">
Edward William Pritchard

Edward William Pritchard (6 December 1825 – 28 July 1865) was an English doctor who was convicted of murdering his wife and mother-in-law by poisoning. He was also suspected of a third murder, of a servant, but was never tried for it. He was the last person to be publicly executed in Glasgow.
Early years.
Pritchard was born in Southsea, He claimed to have studied at King's College Hospital in London and to have graduated from there in 1846. He then served in the Royal Navy as an assistant surgeon with HMS Victory. For another four years he served on various other ships travelling around the world, before coming back on HMS Hecate to Portsmouth where he met his future wife Mary Jane Taylor, the daughter of a prosperous retired silk merchant from Edinburgh.
The couple married in 1851, but after a period apart, Dr Pritchard resigned from the Navy. He first took a job as a general practitioner in Yorkshire, living for a time in Hunmanby. He was also the author of several books on his travels and on the water cure at Hunmanby, as well as articles in "The Lancet". In 1859, however, he left under a cloud and in debt, moving to Glasgow.
Murders.
On 5 May 1863 there was a fire in the Pritchards' house at 11 Berkeley Street, Glasgow, which killed a servant girl. Her name was Elizabeth McGrain; she was 25 years old. The fire started in her room but she made no attempt to escape, suggesting that she may have been unconscious, drugged or already dead. The procurator fiscal looked into the case, but no charges were brought.
In 1865 Pritchard poisoned his mother-in-law, Jane Taylor, 70, who died on 28 February. His wife, whom he was treating for an illness (with the help of a Dr. Paterson), died a month later on 18 March at the age of 38. Both were living at the family's new home in Sauchiehall Street, Glasgow. Dr. Paterson was actually highly suspicious of the "illnesses" of both women, and when the time came would not sign the death certificates. However, he did not go out of his way to contact the medical or legal authorities of his suspicions. Pritchard was caught after an anonymous letter was sent to the authorities. When the bodies were exhumed, the poison antimony was found.
Trial.
The trial was actually not too difficult (for a change in medical murder trials) to follow. The only major points of interest were Pritchard's motive (possibly he was having an affair with another maid in the household, but he would blame her for the poisonings as his defense) and the strange reticence of Dr. Paterson to informing anyone in authority of his suspicions. Pritchard was convicted after a five-day hearing in Edinburgh in July 1865 presided over by the Lord Justice Clerk, Lord Glencorse. He was hanged in front of thousands at the Saltmarket end of Glasgow Green at 8am on 28 July.
Family.
Pritchard had five children with Mary.
In popular culture.
In 1947 Scottish playwright James Bridie wrote "Dr Angelus", based on the case. It originally starred Alastair Sim.
Pritchard was played by Joseph Cotten in an episode of the television series "On Trial" (episode name: "The Trial of Edward Pritchard") in 1956.
In the Sherlock Holmes short story, "The Adventure of the Speckled Band", while commenting on the apparent villain, Dr Grimesby Roylott, Holmes tells Dr Watson that when a doctor goes bad he is the first of criminals. He then illustrates this with the comment that Drs Palmer and Pritchard were at the "head of their profession". Since neither was considered a good doctor, and Pritchard was considered something of a quack by the medical fraternity in Glasgow, the "profession" involved was that of murder.

</doc>
<doc id="20465676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465676" title="Timbalier Bay">
Timbalier Bay

Timbalier Bay is a bay in southeastern Louisiana in the United States.
The bay is an inlet of the Gulf of Mexico and lies near New Orleans along the southwestern coast of Lafouche Parish. Timbalier Island lies between the bay and the Gulf of Mexico.
The United States Navy seaplane tender USS "Timbalier", in commission from 1946 to 1954, was named for Timbalier Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="20465735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465735" title="Timbalier Island">
Timbalier Island

Timbalier Island is an island off southeastern Louisiana in the United States.
The island lies near New Orleans off the southeastern coast of Terrebonne Parish. Timbalier Bay lies between the island and the Louisiana mainland, and the island separates the bay from the Gulf of Mexico.
It borders Terrebonne bay to its north and the Gulf of Mexico to its south. It is considered a barrier island essential in Louisiana to assist in the reduction of storm surges during hurricanes. It experiences more rapid land loss than the rest of Louisiana because it is inundated with raging tides from all sides because it is an island.

</doc>
<doc id="20465740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465740" title="Leonel Pernía">
Leonel Pernía

Leonel Adrián Pernía (born September 27, 1975 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine racing driver. He has run in different series, with major success in TC 2000, where he finished 3rg in 2009 and 2nd in 2010 driving for the works Honda team.
He is the son of former footballer and racing driver Vicente Pernía, and brother of Spanish international footballer Mariano Pernía. In fact, he played for Boca Juniors First Division in 1997, in the National Professional Soccer League the next two years, then raced at the Argentine Turismo Nacional in 2000 and 2001. Because of the crisis, he retirned to the United States to compete in the Major Indoor Soccer League from 2002 to 2005.
In 2006, Pernía retired from football and returned to Argentina to race professionally. That year he competed at the TC Pista in a Chevrolet (12th) and the TC2000 in a Honda (3 races). The next season, Pernía raced two TC Pista races, half of the TC2000 season in a Fineschi Honda and the rest of the year in a works Honda, endng up 13th.
The next years, he continued racing for Honda and climbing up to a 3rd place in 2009 and a vice-championship in 2010. He also raced at the Turismo Nacional Class 3 in 2008, the Top Race V6 in 2009 and Turismo Carretera since 2009. In 2009 he also won the Drivers Masters karting all-star race in downtown Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="20465742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465742" title="140 Days Under the World">
140 Days Under the World

140 Days Under the World is a 1964 New Zealand short documentary film about Antarctica. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20465760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465760" title="Dick Harrison">
Dick Harrison

Dick Walther Harrison, (born April 10, 1966) is a Swedish historian who was born in Huddinge, Stockholm County, Sweden and spent much of his youth in Staffanstorp in Skåne. On June 12, 2010 he married Katarina Lindbergh in Kalmar Cathedral. He is currently a Professor of History at Lund University. 
His main areas of interest are the European Middle Ages, including the medical history of the period, and the history of slavery. Harrison regularly writes articles for the Swedish journal "Populär Historia" (Popular History). He has also written popular historical works and, during Spring 2010, a blog covering the history of monarchs and monarchies with emphasis on the Swedish monarchy. Harrison regularly gives lectures to the general public on a broad range of historical topics. 
Harrison is the editor-in-chief of a comprehensive series about Swedish history published by Norstedts with the first volume released in September, 2009. The Swedish TV channel TV4 has made a companion television series for which Harrison is the historical consultant and co-host along with Martin Timell. The TV series has 12 episodes of which the first six aired on TV4 during spring 2010. The second set of six episodes aired spring 2011.
In addition to his historical writing, Harrison has written three historical novels about Ulvbjörn Vamodsson, a 7th-century (fictitious) warrior: "Ofärd," "Niding" and "Illdåd".

</doc>
<doc id="20465770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465770" title="Kompania Zamkowa">
Kompania Zamkowa

Kompania Zamkowa (Castle Company) was the military unit the size of an infantry company, responsible for providing protection for the President of the Republic of Poland from 1926 to 1939. They also had a ceremonial function.
Castle Company, named after Royal Castle, Warsaw, then a presidential residence, consisted of:
The Company was created after disbanding the Presidential military office and the previous protective squad. The only President under its protection was Ignacy Mościcki.
In 1928 Company was merged with a castle motorcade, gendarmerie platoon and horse unit to for the Castle Unit.
Commanders:

</doc>
<doc id="20465786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465786" title="Czechoslovak Trade Union Association">
Czechoslovak Trade Union Association

Czechoslovak Trade Union Association (), abbreviated to OSČ, was a national trade union center, founded in 1897 in what was then the Austro-Hungarian Empire. With the break-up of the empire, the OSČ emerged as the major trade union force in Czechoslovakia up to the Second World War.
Organizational history.
Foundation.
Odborové sdružení českoslovanské ('Czechoslav Trade Union Association') was founded in Prague on January 31, 1897. The OSČ represented a desire on the part of Czech trade unionists to build a Czech trade union movement separate from the Viennese Imperial Trade Union Commission (the 'Vienna Commission'), the culmination of two years of complaints by Czech trade unionists that the Vienna Commission was neglecting the Czech labour movement. The formation of OSČ did not, however, represent a total break with the Vienna Commission; several OSČ unions retained affiliations with the Vienna Commission. The founding congress was attended by 108 delegates, representing 90 trade union organizations, who met in the metalworkers' assembly hall in Karlín. Fourteen trade union organizations not represented at the congress also supported the OSČ's formation. Josef Roušar was elected its secretary. The new organization was linked to the Czechoslav Social Democratic Workers Party.
Competition between Prague and Vienna centres.
The OSČ and the Vienna Commission had a complicated and vacillating relationship for several years. In 1902, the OSČ accepted that the Vienna Commission would be the sole representative of the trade union movement in the Austrian Empire to the international strike fund of the International Secretariat of National Trade Union Centres. Aside from this concession, however, the OSČ demanded autonomy for the ethnic Czech trade union movement. Yet over the next three years, several OSČ member unions, including its strongest one, the Union of Metalworkers, joined the Vienna Commission.
In 1904 Roušar was replaced as the secretary by Josef Steiner. Under Steiner's leadership, relations with the Vienna Commission worsened. In advance of the 1905 Amsterdam congress of the International Secretariat of National Trade Union Centres, the OSČ sought recognition as a separate trade union centre. The congress allowed an OSČ representative was allowed to attend as a guest but rejected the OSČ's bid for recognition.
The tensions between OSČ and the Vienna Commission peaked in 1905 and 1906. The Vienna Commission argued that the Czech autonomism was a minority standpoint within the labour movement, while the OSČ became more vocal. The OSČ began a process of regaining some unions that had been lost to the Vienna Commission from 1902 to1905. In early 1906 the Union of Shoemakers rejoined.
Growth of OSČ.
In 1909 the Union of Metalworkers rejoined OSČ. The following year unions organizing chemical workers, leatherworkers, miners and tailors followed suit. In 1910 Rudolf Tayerlé succeeded Steiner. The Vienna Commission became increasingly frustrated as the OSČ expanded its sphere of influence. By 1911 the OSČ had established a considerable following in Moravia and Silesia. This development marked a definite break with the Vienna Commission. Nevertheless, the Vienna Commission unions continued to encompass the majority of ethnic Czech workers in those regions.
War.
The outbreak of the First World War in 1914 was a heavy blow to the organizational growth of the OSČ. Many union activists were drafted and sent to the battlefields. Prices of essential commodities rose, making the bargaining position of workers weaker. By the end of the year the OSČ had lost almost half of its membership. Several local structures were closed down and several OSČ publications were discontinued. Repressive measures were enacted by the government in order to forestall strikes in the strategically important mining and industrial sectors. Strikers or protesters could be punished with jail or being sent to the front.
By 1917 the tide turned. Inequalities in wage increases between ethnic German and ethnic Czech workers angered the Czech working class. In the scope of a year, the OSČ membership tripled, although membership levels still lagged behind the prewar level. Recruitment was particularly strong in heavy industries. The influx posed some organizational challenges for OSČ and coincided with a shift from craft unionism to mass industrial unionism.
Independence and the unity of the labour movement.
Between April and October 1918, OSČ negotiated a possible merger with the National Socialist "Československá obec dělnická" (ČOD). The negotiations ended unsuccessfully because the ČOD insisted that unions should subordinate themselves to political parties.
In October 1918 the OSČ changed its name to Odborové sdružení československé ('Czechoslovak Trade Union Association'). Discussions between OSČ and Slovak Social Democratic trade unions began in December 1918. On February 2, 1919, a Regional Trade Union Council of OSČ was formed in Slovakia, with a secretariat in Ružomberok. Later a secretariat was set ut in Bratislava. In March 1919 OSČ started a Slovak-language publication, "Priekopnik" ('Pioneer'). By this time OSČ had a membership of 30 000 workers in Slovakia.
Also, by February 1919, the Vienna Commission union organization that were now within the boundaries of the independent Czechoslovak Republic merged into OSČ. Likewise OSČ branches in areas that were now parts of Austria had already joined Austrian unions.

</doc>
<doc id="20465795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465795" title="Timbalier">
Timbalier

Timbalier may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20465814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465814" title="Lisa Brown">
Lisa Brown

Lisa Brown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20465821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465821" title="List of GMTV presenters and reporters">
List of GMTV presenters and reporters

List of "GMTV" presenters and reporters shows the on air team for the various shows broadcast by GMTV on ITV between 1 January 1993 and 5 September 2010. At this point GMTV was replaced by ITV Breakfast and "Daybreak" was launched, with new shows and presenters.

</doc>
<doc id="20465833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465833" title="Breaking the Habit (film)">
Breaking the Habit (film)

Breaking the Habit is a 1964 American short documentary film directed by John Korty about cigarette smoking and lung cancer. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20465858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465858" title="Edward E. David Jr.">
Edward E. David Jr.

Edward Emil "Ed" David Jr. (born 1925) is an American electrical engineer who served as science advisor to President Richard M. Nixon and Director of the White House Office of Science and Technology from 1970 to 1973.
Life and career.
David earned his doctorate in electrical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1947. He took a job with Bell Telephone Laboratories and worked there from 1950 to 1970, eventually becoming Executive Director, Research. Following the resignation of Lee A. DuBridge, David was appointed as Nixon's science advisor. David resigned in 1973, citing "disappointment that his advice had not been heeded." He then took a position as Executive Vice President of R&D and Planning for Gould, Inc. from 1973 to 1977.
He founded consulting group EED, Inc. in 1977, advising industry, government and universities on technology, research and innovation management. In 1977, he became President of Research and Engineering for Exxon Corporation from 1977 to 1986. In 1983, he was awarded the IRI Medal from the Industrial Research Institute in recognition for his leadership contributions. He joined The Washington Advisory Group in 1997, serving as Treasurer until 2004. He is currently Director of the Ronson Corporation.
David was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 1966. In 1974, he was elected to the MIT Corporation and is a Life Member. He was awarded the The Delmer S. Fahrney Medal in 1985.
In 2012, David was a co-signatory of a Wall Street Journal op-ed questioning the scientific consensus on global warming.

</doc>
<doc id="20465872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465872" title="CANUSA Games">
CANUSA Games

The CANUSA Games are an annual contest, primarily for athletes age 18 and under, between the sister cities of Flint, Michigan, USA, and Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. The Games are the longest-running amateur sports competition in North America. The games are held in alternative locations, with Hamilton, Ontario hosting in odd-numbered years.
History.
As a result of the Flint Olympian Games held in Flint, Michigan in July 1957, the Flint officials of the Games wanted a city, of similar size and population, to compete with on a yearly basis. Hamilton was selected, which birthed the "CANUSA" games, whose name was derived from combining the names Canada and USA - CAN/USA. 
The Games began in August 1958, and consisted of 200 athletes (from each city) competing in seven different sports. The Games have grown considerably, which is supported by the more than 1,600 athletes from each city competing in 17 different competitive sports, including basketball, baseball, softball, volleyball, darts, golf, track and field, and swimming. An estimated 25,000 people have participated in the games in their 50 years.
Opening Ceremonies.
The Opening Ceremonies of the CANUSA Games are arguably the most highlighted piece of the weekend. One of these highlights is most certainly the running relay which covers the distance between Flint and Hamilton - 245 miles. Departing the night before from the visiting city, relay runners carry the torch over the border, which is one of the longest international runs in all of North America. The torch is run into the venue in which the opening ceremonies are held, which represents the official start of the Games.
To symbolize the relationship between the sister cities, the national anthems (from both nations) are sung by everyone present at the Opening Ceremonies. The Friendship Trophy is also given by the Mayor of the host city to the Mayor of the visiting city as a symbol of friendship and peace.

</doc>
<doc id="20465873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465873" title="Reichsgewerkschaftskommission">
Reichsgewerkschaftskommission

Reichsgewerkschaftskommission ('Imperial Trade Union Commission', often referred to as the Vienna Commission) was a trade union centre in the Austrian part of Austria-Hungary. The Vienna Commission was formed in December 1893. Anton Hueber was the head of the Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="20465883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465883" title="Johann Michael Wächter">
Johann Michael Wächter

Johann Michael Wächter (2 March 1794 – 26 May 1853) was an Austrian bass-baritone most famous for appearing in the operas of Richard Wagner. 
Born in Rappersdorf in Austria, Wächter sang in various church choirs in Vienna, making his stage début in 1819 at Graz as Don Giovanni in Mozart's "Don Giovanni". He also appeared at Bratislava, Vienna and Berlin. In 1827 he joined the Dresden Hofoper, where he remained for the rest of his career. Here his roles included Mozart's "The Marriage of Figaro", and he sang in three Wagner premières, playing Orsini in "Rienzi" in 1842, The Dutchman in "The Flying Dutchman" (Der Fliegende Holländer) in 1843, and Biterolf in "Tannhäuser" in 1845. 
Hector Berlioz, who heard "The Flying Dutchman" in Dresden, considered Wächter's baritone ‘...one of the finest I have ever heard, and he uses it like a consummate singer. It is of that rich and vibrant timbre that has such a wonderful power of expression, provided that the artist sings with soul and feeling, which Wächter does to a high degree’.
Wächter, an old friend of Wagner's, was not equal to the demanding role of the Dutchman. Wagner later wrote:
"His total incapacity in the difficult role of my spectral, suffering mariner dawned on Schröder-Devrient unfortunately only after the rehearsals were too far along to make any change. Wächter's distressing corpulence, particularly his broad, round face and the curious way he moved his arms and legs like shrivelled stumps, sent my Senta in transports of despair."
His wife, the mezzo-soprano Thérèse Wächter-Wittman (born 31 August 1802 in Vienna), also sang at Dresden, creating the role of Mary in "The Flying Dutchman". Wächter died in Dresden in 1853.

</doc>
<doc id="20465886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465886" title="La Péri">
La Péri

La Péri is the title of two ballets:

</doc>
<doc id="20465891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465891" title="Revati (disambiguation)">
Revati (disambiguation)

Revati in Hinduism, is the daughter of King Kakudmi and the wife of Balarama, the elder brother of Krishna.
Revati may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20465904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465904" title="Children Without">
Children Without

Children Without is a 1964 American short documentary film directed by Charles Guggenheim, about a young girl and her brother growing up in the housing projects of Detroit. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short, losing to another film by Guggenheim, "Nine from Little Rock".

</doc>
<doc id="20465921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465921" title="Sickness behavior">
Sickness behavior

Sickness behavior is a coordinated set of adaptive behavioral changes that develop in ill individuals during the course of an infection.
They usually (but not necessarily) accompany fever and aid survival.
Such illness responses include lethargy, depression, anxiety, loss of appetite,
sleepiness,
hyperalgesia,
reduction in grooming and failure to concentrate.
Sickness behavior is a motivational state that reorganizes the organism's priorities to cope with infectious pathogens.
It has been suggested as relevant to understanding depression, and some aspects of the suffering that occurs in cancer.
History.
Sick animals have long been recognized by farmers as having different behavior. Initially it was thought that this was due to physical weakness that resulted from diverting energy to the body processes needed to fight infection. However, in the 1960s, it was shown that animals produced a blood-carried ‘‘factor X’’ that acted upon the brain to cause sickness behavior. In 1987, Benjamin L. Hart brought together a variety of research findings that argued for them being survival adaptations that if prevented would disadvantage an animal’s ability to fight infection. In the 1980s, the blood borne factor was shown to be proinflammatory cytokines produced by activated leukocytes in the immune system in response to lipopolysaccharides (a cell wall component of Gram-negative bacteria). These cytokines acted by various humoral and nerve routes upon the hypothalamus and other areas of the brain. Further research showed that the brain can also learn to control the various components of sickness behavior independently of immune activation.
Advantages.
General advantage.
Sickness behavior in its different aspects causes an animal to limit its movement; the metabolic energy not expended in activity is diverted to the fever responses, which involves raising body temperature. This also limits an animal’s exposure to predators while it is cognitively and physically impaired.
Specific advantages.
The individual components of sickness behavior have specific individual advantages. Anorexia limits food ingestion and therefore reduces the availability of iron in the gut (and from gut absorption). Iron may aid bacterial reproduction, so its reduction is useful during sickness. Plasma concentrations of iron are lowered for this anti-bacterial reason in fever. Lowered threshold for pain ensures that an animal is attentive that it does not place pressure on injured and inflamed tissues that might disrupt their healing. Reduced grooming is adaptive since it reduces water loss.
Immune control.
Lipopolysaccharides trigger the immune system to produce proinflammatory cytokines IL-1, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor (TNF). These peripherally released cytokines act on the brain via a fast transmission pathway involving primary input through the vagus nerves, and a slow transmission pathway involving cytokines originating from the choroid plexus and circumventricular organs and diffusing into the brain parenchyma by volume transmission. Peripheral cytokines may enter the brain directly. They may also induce the expression of other cytokines in the brain that cause sickness behavior. Acute psychosocial stress enhances the ability of an immune response to trigger both inflammation and behavioral sickness.
Behavioral conditioning.
The components of sickness behavior can be learned by conditional association. For example, if a saccharin solution is given with a chemical that triggers a particular aspect of sickness behavior, on later occasions the saccharin solution will trigger it by itself.
Medical conditions.
Depression.
It has been proposed that major depressive disorder is near-identical with sickness behavior, so raising the possibility that it is a maladaptive manifestation of sickness behavior due to abnormalities in circulating cytokines. Moreover, chronic, but not acute treatment with antidepressant drugs was found to attenuate sickness behavior symptoms in rodents. The mood effects caused by interleukin-6 following an immune response have been linked to increased activity within the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex, an area involved in the etiology of depression. Inflammation-associated mood change can also produce a reduction in the functional connectivity of this part of the brain to the amygdala, medial prefrontal cortex, nucleus accumbens, and superior temporal sulcus.
Cancer side effect.
In cancer, both the disease and the chemotherapy treatment can cause proinflammatory cytokine release which can cause sickness behavior as a side effect.

</doc>
<doc id="20465937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465937" title="Albert Pape">
Albert Pape

Albert Arthur Pape (13 June 1897 – 18 November 1955) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. Born in Elsecar, South Yorkshire, he played for several clubs in The Football League, including Notts County, Clapton Orient and Manchester United.
Football career.
Born in Elsecar, South Yorkshire, Pape began his football career with Wath Athletic, a club from the nearby town of Wath-upon-Dearne. Upon the outbreak of the First World War, Pape joined the King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry and played for the regimental football team, returning to play for Bolton-on-Dearne at the cessation of hostilities. In December 1919, Pape was signed by Rotherham County, who had been elected to the Football League Second Division at the start of the season, and he made a goalscoring debut on 17 January 1920 in a 4–3 win over Coventry City. In four seasons with Rotherham County, Pape scored 41 goals in 113 league appearances, including a spell in the 1922–23 season in which he scored eight goals in five matches.
He signed for Notts County at the end of that season, but made just six appearances in 1923–24 before moving on to Clapton Orient. In eight months with Orient, he scored 11 goals in 24 league matches. In February 1925, Orient travelled to a match against a Manchester United side that had just sold its star striker, Bill Henderson, to Preston North End. United manager John Chapman had telephoned the Orient manager Peter Proudfoot before they left London, and the two clubs agreed a fee of £1,070 for Pape. They met up at Manchester Piccadilly station just after noon, and Pape – who was a friend of the United captain Frank Barson, and had relatives in nearby Bolton – quickly agreed terms. The details were wired to The Football Association and The Football League at around 1:30 p.m., and although Pape had been named in Orient's starting line-up for the match, he was confirmed as a Manchester United player with about an hour left before kick-off. Pape was not only allowed to start the match in the colours of Manchester United, but he also scored the team's third goal in a 4–2 win over his previous employers, as well as hitting the post with a header late in the game. He made 15 further appearances that season, and scored four more goals. He also made two appearances in 1925–26, but he was then sold to Fulham in October 1925. However, he was reluctant to return to London, and only signed with Fulham on the condition that he could continue to live in Bolton and train with Manchester United. Five months later, the two clubs met in the Sixth Round of the FA Cup, and although Pape scored, Manchester United won the match 2–1.
After two seasons with Fulham, in which he scored 12 goals in 42 appearances, Pape dropped out of League football to join North Wales coast side Rhyl Athletic, but he was there for less than six months before joining Hurst back in Manchester for the second half of the 1927–28 season. He scored at a rate of almost one goal a game, and even scored a hat-trick on his debut against Port Vale Reserves in the Cheshire County League. Towards the end of the season, the club suffered a goalkeeping injury crisis, and Pape was forced to play one match in goal. In September 1928, Pape was named as player-coach at Darwen, and was also made club captain. However, five months later, he was signed by Manchester Central, before returning to League football for the start of the 1929–30 season with Hartlepools United. He scored 21 goals in 37 appearances for Hartlepools United in the Football League Third Division North, and was signed by Halifax Town for one final season of League football in July 1930, scoring 15 goals in 25 appearances in 1930–31. He spent time with Burscough Rangers, Horwich RMI and Nelson before retiring from football.

</doc>
<doc id="20465970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465970" title="Tommy Boyle (footballer born 1901)">
Tommy Boyle (footballer born 1901)

Thomas 'Tommy' Boyle (21 February 1901 - 9 January 1972) was an English footballer who played as a forward. Born in Sunderland he played for Sheffield United, Manchester United and Northampton Town winning the FA Cup in 1925 with Sheffield United. He later spent a season as player manager of Scarborough.
Playing career.
Boyle was spotted playing for the Bullcroft Colliery team and signed for Sheffield United in 1921. he initially found it difficult to establish himself in the first team but over time his form improved, particularly his heading which was a factor in him being selected for the 1925 FA Cup Final ahead of the more experienced Tommy Sampy. He left The Blades in 1929 after making over 140 appearances and scoring 40 goals.
Boyle signed for Manchester United for £2,000 but failed to settle and spent only one relatively unproductive season at Old Trafford in which he made just 17 starts. He was registered as a player by Macclesfield Town in May 1930 but by July of the same year had left for Northampton Town where he spent a successful five seasons, starting over 140 games for The Cobblers.
In 1935 Boyle was appointed player-manager of non-league Scarborough where he spent a reasonably successful season before retiring.
Personal life.
Boyle was the son of Irish international Peter Boyle who had also lifted the FA Cup trophy with Sheffield United in both 1899 and 1902. After leaving Scarborough Boyle became the licensee of the Plough Inn at nearby Scalby in North Yorkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20465974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20465974" title="Renos Doweiya">
Renos Doweiya

Renos Doweiya (born 16 November 1983) is a Nauruan weightlifter.
At the Commonwealth Games in Manchester in 2002 he finished in third place in the 77 kg weight class. However, this was later upgraded to a silver medal after Indian Satheesha Rai was disqualified due to doping. He also won gold medals at the Oceania Games, in both 2001 and 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20466001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466001" title="Cătălin Anghel">
Cătălin Anghel

Cătălin Anghel (born 4 October 1974) is a former Romanian footballer who currently works as head coach.
Club career.
Anghel played for his native club Farul Constanța. He joined Ukrainian First League side FC Stal Alchevsk during the 2003–04 season, and helped the club reach the quarter-finals of the Ukrainian Cup. He then moved to Hungary playing for BVSC Budapest and Kaposvári Rákóczi.
Coaching career.
After his retirement he worked as head coach for CSO Ovidiu and Viitorul Constanța. 

</doc>
<doc id="20466019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466019" title="Stockport Smith">
Stockport Smith

William Smith was an English footballer. His regular position was as an inside right, but he also played in various other forward positions and even as a wing half on occasion. He played for Stockport County, Manchester City, and Newton Heath. He joined Manchester City from Stockport in 1897 and scored 22 goals in 54 league appearances in three years at the club. He is often confused with another William Smith who played for Manchester City at the same time; because of this, they were known to Manchester City fans by the clubs they were signed from, with this William Smith referred to as "Stockport Smith" and the other as "Buxton Smith".
He rejoined Stockport in 1900, but was unable to reproduce his goalscoring feats and moved on to Newton Heath for their final season before being renamed Manchester United. He made his Newton Heath debut on 14 September 1901, playing at outside right for a 5–0 defeat away to Middlesbrough. His only goal for Newton Heath may have come on 5 October 1901 in a 3–3 home draw with his former club, Stockport County, although this goal is credited to Alf Schofield by some sources. No record of Smith's football career exists beyond the 1901–02 season.
Smith had two brothers who also played football. Lancelot and Fred both played for Wigan Town in the 1905–06 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20466038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466038" title="Robert Mushtare">
Robert Mushtare

Robert Mushtare is a bowler from Carthage, NY who is recognized by the USBC for having bowled two perfect 900 series.on December 3, 2005 and the other on February 19, 2006, both at Pine Plains Bowling Center in Fort Drum, New York. He is also said to have rolled another in league play prior to the aforementioned two; that previous 900 series was not officially recognized by USBC because the league in which he was bowling was not properly certified by USBC on the date his 900 series was rolled [http://www.bowl.com/articleView.aspx?i=11859&f=1. Due to the order of USBC certification procedures, it will never be known if it would have been approved even if his league had been certified at the time. The two 900's for which Mushtare was officially recognized came under great scrutiny because they were pre-bowled, meaning he bowled days before his regular league competition, and was sometimes bowling alone. ESPN's Jeremy Schaap did an investigative report on the controversy which was broadcast on the ESPN program 'Outside the Lines'. Glenn Allison, who bowled an uncertified 900 series in 1982, is skeptical of Robert's achievements, as is pro bowler and Team USA coach Tim Mack.[http://www.heraldtribune.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=2005512290436]
With this recognition, Mushtare is also officially recognized as the first youth bowler to shoot a certified 900 series, the first bowler (youth or adult) to bowl more than one, and the first bowler from New York state to achieve the feat. The ensuing controversy also led to a change in USBC rules; Rule 118e(8) now reads "Unopposed pre or post bowled scores will be eligible for USBC Awards except High Score Awards as a 300 game, 800 series, or 900 series award"; had this rule been in effect for the 2005-2006 bowling season, Mushtare would not have been officially recognized for either of the 900's for which he is now recognized.
Junior Gold Tournament.
In 2006, bowler Robert Mushtare did not advance to the semi-finals at the United States Bowling Congress Junior Gold championships. Throughout the tournament, Mushtare managed to have met several PBA players and even some higher level coaches [http://www.bowlingdigital.com/bowl/node/1240] in the sport of bowling. Junior team USA coach Rod Ross had stated, "I was very impressed with his physical game. He throws a phenomenal ball and has a nice loose arm swing. He has a lot of raw talent. He can definitely strike and strike a lot, and there's no doubt in my mind that he shot those 900s." And even though the 900 bowler did not make the first cut, Mushtare said the experience was memorable and that it was a great learning experience for him.
Interviews.
In June 2006, Mushtare had a personal interview [http://www.allbowling.com/forum/showthread.php?9866-Mushtare-interview-with-Jim-King] with Jim King once King was able to contact the 17-year old bowler. During his interview Mushtare states that he has bowled three 900 series during his league time and he has bowled two 900 series during practice. Now, after 4 months of deliberation, two of Mushtare's 900 series were approved. Mushtare states that the reasons for his pre-bowls were for school functions and a few bowling tournaments that Mushtare was scheduled to participate in. Mushtare also states that his third 900 series bowled was witnessed by personal friend Jamie Grimm. During this time, Mr. Grimm himself bowled his first 300 game and got a 741 series. Jim King also mentions that there were rumors going around that Mushtare's father is the owner of the bowling alley. Mushtare's response was "no, my father does not own it, it is owned by the government and located on a Military base."
League History.
http://bowl.com/

</doc>
<doc id="20466057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466057" title="Santa Isabel Creek">
Santa Isabel Creek

Santa Isabel Creek is a small stream of water located in Webb County, Texas which runs through Laredo, Texas. The creek is formed 32 miles from Callaghan, Texas and runs southwest for until the creek connects to the Rio Grande. The terrain surrounding the creek is mostly clay. The vegetation surrounding the creek is mostly made up of mesquite, cacti, and grasses. Santa Isabel Creek crosses Three major highways in Laredo, Texas among them are: Farm to Market Road 1472, Texas State Highway 255, and United States Route 83

</doc>
<doc id="20466066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466066" title="Porterhouse (horse)">
Porterhouse (horse)

Porterhouse (1951-1971) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
Background.
Bred by Liz Person and raced under her Llangollen Farm banner, Porterhouse was a son of the Argentine-bred Endeavour who also sired Corn Husker, Prove It and Pretense, three top runners who each won the Santa Anita Handicap. His dam was Red Stamp, a daughter of the U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Bimelech.
Conditioned for racing by Charlie Whittingham, Porterhouse was the forty-year-old trainer's first stakes winner and first Champion.
Racing career.
In 1953, Porterhouse won East Coast races including the National Stallion Stakes and the then most important race for his age group, the Belmont Futurity Stakes. Porterhouse also won the 1953 Saratoga Special Stakes but was disqualified and set back to last.
Porterhouse was voted American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt by the "Daily Racing Form" and the Thoroughbred Racing Association. The rival poll organized by Turf & Sports Digest magazine was topped by Hasty Road.
In 1954, three-year-old Porterhouse had a sub-par year in racing, with his only important win coming in the Old Knickerbocker Handicap. The colt did not run in either of the first two races of the U.S. Triple Crown series and finished ninth in the Belmont Stakes won by High Gun. During the next three years in racing, Porterhouse returned to his winning ways at racetracks in California. He captured several top events, highlighted by his win over future U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Swaps in the 1956 Californian Stakes and the Hollywood Express Handicap in world record time for five and a half furlongs on dirt at Hollywood Park Racetrack.
Stud career.
Retired to stud duty, Porterhouse met with reasonable success, siring several good runners including Coaching Club American Oaks winner, Our Cheri Amour, and multiple stakes winners Isle of Greece, Port Wine, and Farwell Party.
Porterhouse died at age twenty in 1971 and was buried at the The Stallion Station in Lexington, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="20466069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466069" title="Tom Nuttall">
Tom Nuttall

Thomas Albert Nuttall (January 1889 – October 1963) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Bolton. He played for Heywood United, Everton, and Manchester United.

</doc>
<doc id="20466095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466095" title="Zsolt Aubel">
Zsolt Aubel

Zsolt Aubel (born 20 May 1972) is a Hungarian footballer who played for BVSC Budapest as striker.

</doc>
<doc id="20466103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466103" title="Mural on Our Street">
Mural on Our Street

Mural on Our Street is a 1965 American short documentary film directed by Dee Dee Halleck. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20466111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466111" title="Edward Vaux, 4th Baron Vaux of Harrowden">
Edward Vaux, 4th Baron Vaux of Harrowden

Edward Vaux, 4th Baron Vaux of Harrowden (13 September 1588 – 8 September 1661) was an English peer. He was the son of George Vaux (1564–1594) and his wife Elizabeth Vaux (née Roper, born about 1564), and the grandson and heir of William Vaux, 3rd Baron Vaux of Harrowden. He succeeded his grandfather as Baron Vaux of Harrowden in August 1595, just before his seventh birthday.
Early life and religion.
The Vaux and Roper families were Catholics, and the third Baron Vaux was convicted of recusancy several times during the reign of Elizabeth I. As a minor heir to a barony, Edward Vaux became a ward of the queen on his grandfather's death. His widowed mother, known as the "Dowager of Harrowden" or (incorrectly, as her husband was never Lord Vaux) as the "Dowager Lady Vaux", devastated by the loss of her beloved husband, vowed to never remarry and devoted the rest of her life to religion. During a remodelling of the family estate at Great Harrowden in young Edward's name, she incorporated hidden rooms for the harbouring of Catholic priests including her confessor, the dashing Jesuit John Gerard. Her activities were closely watched by the authorities, and both Edward and his mother were investigated in the aftermath of the Gunpowder Plot of 1605.
For refusing to take the 1606 Oath of Allegiance to James I, entailing a denial of the pope's authority over the king, Edward was committed to the Fleet prison. He was sentenced in the Kings Bench to perpetual imprisonment and loss of property on 1 March 1612, but he was transferred to the custody of the Dean of Westminster and had a grant of his forfeited lands in October 1612. He was later released on surety of £1000.
Military career.
On 3 January 1621, Vaux was summoned to the Parliament which James reluctantly called to raise funds for the military assistance of his son-on-law Frederick V, Elector Palatine. When Parliament instead demanded abandonment of the planned Spanish Match for Charles, Prince of Wales and war with Spain, James dissolved Parliament and pursued the Spanish bride for his son with renewed vigor. The king supported a request by the Spanish ambassador to allow volunteers to be recruited for service in the Spanish Army of Flanders, which relied heavily on foreign mercenaries, and suspended the statute that required volunteers in foreign service to take the Oath of Allegiance before leaving the country. In 1622 Edward Vaux was licensed to raise a regiment of English Catholics for the Spanish service, but at the Siege of Bergen-op-Zoom, he was dismayed to find his regiment facing English Protestant troops despite Spanish promises to the contrary, and many of his men deserted rather than engage their fellow-countrymen.
Vaux paid £300 to purge his personal attendance on Charles I at York in March 1639 for the military expedition into Scotland known as the First Bishops’ War.
Marriage and estate.
When Edward was seventeen, his mother sought to arrange his marriage to Elizabeth Howard, daughter of Thomas Howard, 1st Earl of Suffolk, but the marriage negotiations were abandoned as hopeless in the wake of the Gunpowder Plot, and Elizabeth was married to William Knollys, 1st Earl of Banbury who was some 40 years her senior on 23 December 1605. Nevertheless, Edward and Elizabeth Howard seem to have fallen in love, for they were married in June 1632 within five weeks of her first husband's death. The marriage produced no children, but Elizabeth's two sons, Edward (1627–1645) and Nicolas (1631–1645), born in the life-time of her elderly first husband, were widely presumed to be the illegitimate sons of Edward Vaux. Neither son is mentioned in the earl's will, but in 1641 the law courts decided that Edward was Earl of Banbury, and when he was slain in an argument aged 18 (before June 1645), his brother Nicholas, who had used the surname "Vaux", took the title. On 19 October 1646, Edward Vaux settled the whole of his estates on Nicholas, speaking of him as "now Earl of Banbury, heretofore called Nicholas Vaux" to the total exclusion of his own lawful heirs. However, in the Convention Parliament of 1660 the House of Lords questioned Nicolas's right to the title and through Nicholas and his descendants arose a long contest for the Banbury peerage (see Knollys family).
Edward Vaux's wife Elizabeth died 17 April 1658, aged 71. Vaux died 8 September 1661, aged 74. Both were buried at Dorking, Surrey.
On Edward's death without legitimate issue, the Barony of Vaux of Harrowden was inherited by his brother Henry who died without issue in 1663.

</doc>
<doc id="20466124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466124" title="Zodiolestes">
Zodiolestes

Zodiolestes is a genus of mustelids, now extinct, which existed during the Miocene period.
The genus was first described in 1942, by E. S. Riggs, who identified the sister genus "Promartes" at the same time, and assigned to the family Procyonidae. In 1998 it was assigned to the subfamily Oligobuninae of the family Mustelidae. Two species have been identified in the genus: "Z. daimonelixensis" and "Z. freundi".
"Z. daimonelixensis" showed digging adaptations, as one fossil was found curled up in the "corkscrew" burrow of the Miocene beaver, "Palaeocastor". "Zodiolestes" was most likely a predator of these fossorial beavers. This situation was analogous to the modern day prairie dogs ("Cynomys ludovicianus") and its predator the black-footed ferret ("Mustela nigripes").
References.
Larry D. Martin. "Fossil history of the terrestrial Carnivora",in John Gittleman,ed.,Carnivore Behavior, Ecology and Evolution, 1989, pp. 546–548. 

</doc>
<doc id="20466146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466146" title="The Lovely House">
The Lovely House

"The Lovely House" is a short story by Shirley Jackson published in 1950 that involves the conflict of real versus surreal and is full of ambiguity. Jackson forces her readers to use suspension of disbelief and analyze the text in order to understand the full extent of the complex story.
Author.
Shirley Jackson was born in San Francisco, California in December 1916. She attended Syracuse University where she graduated with her BA in English in 1940. After graduating, she married Stanley Edgar Hyman. She died at the age of 49 due to heart failure.
Her work mostly consisted of short stories and novels. Her first short story, "My Life with R.H. Macy", was published in 1941. Her most well known is "The Lottery", which was published in 1948.
Plot summary.
"The Lovely House" consists of three main parts. In part one, the main character Margaret starts her summer vacation with her friend Carla Montague. The Montagues' home is a huge and over-decorated house that is set among lavish grounds. The house has many themed rooms; for example there is the fan room, the painted room, and the room with the tiles. Every room contains one or more tapestries with a picture of the house on it. Another curiosity is in the room with the tiles, a mosaic of a girl with the words "Here is Margaret, who died for love". 
In part two, Carla's long-anticipated brother arrives with a friend. Paul, the Captain, Carla and Margaret pass time in various parts of the grounds. Margaret and Paul often separate from the other two, which seems to disturb Carla. One afternoon when Margaret and Paul are looking at the river they discuss the tower and Paul tells Margaret that there is an old lady, an Aunt or a Great Aunt or a Great-Great Aunt, that hides away in the tower because she hates the tapestries. Eventually Margaret ascends the tower and meets the old lady, whose name is also Margaret. The encounter goes strangely and Margaret leaves in a hurry.
In part three, the Montagues say farewell to their son by hosting a ball. The old lady shows up at the ball to see and reminisce with Paul. Margaret overhears part of a strange conversation between the two that implies they were young together even though now they appear to be quite different ages. After the ball, the Captain points out the many ways the house needs repair. The family immediately become defensive and the meal ends. After breakfast Margret and Paul are in the drawing room. Paul becomes defensive about the state of the house, then abruptly takes his leave of Margaret. The family then says goodbye to the Captain. It is at this point in the story that the reader realizes that the Captain is Carla's brother. The reader is left wondering what the relationship between Paul, Margaret and the elderly Margaret is.
Analysis.
In terms of American Gothic writing, "The Lovely House" by Shirley Jackson define its work by the motif of the house. One of the most prominent themes is the characters obsession with the beauty of the house; most action in the story involves admiring different views of it.
Jackson uses various techniques to slowly reveal the ghost in her tale. The reader is led to believe that Paul is Carla's brother, but in the end it is clarified that the Captain is. The tower of the house is also described ambiguously: in the first two parts, it is a place someone might live but in the third part Mrs Montague refers to it as "ruined". There are hints that the tower is to be understood as a symbol of Margaret: the innocent love-struck child becomes a decrepit old woman who died from love. 
Once it is revealed that the Captain is the brother, the story takes on a new meaning with the supposition that Paul is a ghost. Carla's distress in part 2 makes sense if only Margaret sees Paul -- when Margaret wanders off with Paul Carla complains that Margaret is always wandering off by herself.
Main themes.
When Carla's brother, the Captain, comes home, the family seems to the reader to be complete once again.
Carla is always saying that Margaret is acting odd; to the reader Margaret is just always with Paul but Paul is really nonexistent and Margaret just spends much time by herself.
The tower is old and ruined; this symbolizes Margaret's death and her never-dying love for Paul.

</doc>
<doc id="20466147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466147" title="Deer Lick Nature Sanctuary">
Deer Lick Nature Sanctuary

Deer Lick Nature Sanctuary in Cattaraugus County, New York is a protected forest and gorge in the Zoar Valley near Gowanda. It was created by a donation from Miss Evelyn Alverson to the Nature Conservancy in 1960 with a further donation by Herbert F. Darling of Deer Lick Falls. It was designated a National Natural Landmark in November 1967 for its mature hardwood forest and its gorges which highlight the Onondaga Escarpment.
It currently contains , 80 of which contain old-growth forest. The South fork of the Cattaraugus Creek runs alongside part of the preserve. In 2006 the preserve expanded via grants and purchases. There are of hiking trails open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="20466151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466151" title="Levente Bozsik">
Levente Bozsik

Club career.
Bozsik played for BVSC Budapest in Hungary, 1. FC Union Berlin, SC Fortuna Köln and FC Carl Zeiss Jena in the German Regionalliga and FC KooTeePee in the Finnish Veikkausliiga.

</doc>
<doc id="20466156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466156" title="2009 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol Serie A">
2009 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol Serie A

The 2009 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol de la Serie A was the 51st season of the Serie A, Ecuador's premier football league. The season began on January 31 and ended on December 7. Deportivo Quito successfully defended their title for their 4th overall.
Due to a change in sponsorship from Pilsener to Credife, the tournament will be called the Copa Credife Serie A for the next five years.
Format.
For 2009, a new format was introduced and approved by Ecuadorian Football Federation. The new tournament was divided into four stages, as opposed to the usual three. All matches were scheduled to be played on Sundays, but some were moved at the clubs' requests.
The First Stage was a double round-robin tournament in which the twelve teams played against each other teams twice: once at home and once away. At the end of the stage, the top-four teams with the most points qualified to the Third Stage; the top three earned bonus points (3, 2, & 1 respectively). The top-two teams also qualified to the 2009 Copa Sudamericana.
In the Second Stage, the teams were divided into two groups of six. Groups were formed by draw, but did not have no more than one team from each provincial organization (the exception being Pichincha). The teams played within their groups in a double round-robin tournament and in a local derby (). The derbies were played on the 3rd and 7th match day of the stage.
Clásicos
At the end of this stage, the two-top teams from each group qualified to the Third Stage; the top team in each group earned one bonus point for the Third Stage. The two teams with the least amount of points in the First and Second Stage aggregate table were relegated to the Serie B for the next season.
In the Third Stage, the eight qualified teams were placed into two groups of four depending on their position on the aggregate table.
The top two teams from each group will advance to the Fourth Stage.
The Fourth Stage will consist of two head-to-head match-ups: one by the top-finisher of each group in the Third Stage, and the other by the runners-up. The match between the top finishers in the Third Stage will determine the national champion; the other will determine who finished 3rd and 4th. The national champion, runner-up, and third-place finisher will each a berth in the 2010 Copa Libertadores. The "Ecuador 1" berth will go to the national champion, "Ecuador 2" will go to the runner-up, and "Ecuador 3" to the third-place finisher.
Teams.
Twelve teams competed in the 2009 Serie A season, ten of whom remained from the 2008 season. Deportivo Azogues and Universidad Católica were relegated last season to the Serie B after accumulating the least amount of points in the First and Second Stage aggregate table. They were replaced by Manta and LDU Portoviejo, the 2008 Serie B winner and runner-up, respectively. This was Manta's second spell and second season in the Serie A, having previously played in the 2003 season. LDU Portoviejo were playing in their 22nd season in the league. Their last appearance was in 2001.
First stage.
The First Stage ran from January 31 to July 12. The top-two teams qualified to the 2009 Copa Sudamericana. The top-four teams qualified to the Third Stage.
Second stage.
The Second Stage began on July 19 and ended on October 3. The top-two teams from each group qualified to the Third Stage.
Group 1.
Standings
Results
Group 2.
Standings
Results
Inter-group clásicos.
Source:<br>1. The match was played at Estadio Monumental Banco Pichincha in Guayaquil.<br>Colours: Blue=home team win; Yellow=draw; Red=away team win.
Third stage.
The Third Stage began on October 16 and is scheduled to end on November 22. The winners of each group will advance to the Fourth Stage to contest the national title. Both teams will have earned a berth to the 2010 Copa Libertadores and enter in the Second Stage of the competition (their exact berths will be determined in the Fourth Stage). The group runners-up will also advance to the Fourth Stage to contest the third-place match.
Group 1.
Standings
Results
Group 2.
Standings
Results
Fourth stage.
The Fourth Stage will consists of two playoffs. The legs of the playoffs will be played on November 29 and December 7.
Third-place playoff.
The third-place playoff will be contested between the runners-up of each Third Stage group for a berth in the 2010 Copa Libertadores First Stage.
Championship playoff.
The championship playoff will be contested between the winners of each Third Stage group for the national title. Both teams will have already earned a berth in the 2010 Copa Libertadores Second Stage, but their exact berth will be determined here.
Awards.
The awards were selected by the "Asociación Ecuatoriana de Radiodifusión".
Statistics.
Statistics were compiled by Quito-based newspaper El Comercio.

</doc>
<doc id="20466189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466189" title="Enco (oil company)">
Enco (oil company)

Enco was a secondary retail brand name for products of Humble Oil, (now part of ExxonMobil) in certain parts of the United States from 1960 to 1973. It was used on filling stations operated by Humble in states where they were not permitted to use the Esso brand under conditions set by the court-ordered breakup of Standard Oil in 1911.
Because Humble Oil was not the first to register "Enco" in all 50 states, it was forced to drop the name in deference to Earl Nunneley Company (AKA "ENCO") of Texas.
Founder Earl Nunneley's famous quote on the name dispute was "It cost Humble more money to change all of their stationery letterheads than it would have if they'd simply bought my firm."
The Enco brand first appeared on gasoline and motor oil products of Jersey Standard affiliates, including Carter Oil in the Northwestern U.S., as well as Pate Oil and Oklahoma Oil in the Midwest during the summer and fall of 1960, shortly after the parent company reorganized all its domestic marketing and refining operations to former Texas-based subsidiary Humble Oil and Refining Company. In 1961, the Enco brand was introduced at Humble stations in Oklahoma, New Mexico and Arizona - both for the stations and gasoline/oil products, as was the case in California and some other western states where Humble opened stations for the first time. The Enco brand was also rolled out for gasoline/oil products at Humble's Texas stations, which retained Humble as the station brand until that was converted to Enco in 1962. However, one state, Ohio, used "Humble" because Sohio refused to allow use of the Enco name, due to its similarity to "Esso"
Humble's advertisements promoted the Enco brand as short for "ENergy COmpany." From 1961 to 1972, Enco advertising and promotional efforts were the same as Esso's in the eastern U.S. including the use of the Humble name in advertisements along with the "Happy Motoring!" tagline used by Esso for decades, and the "Put A Tiger In Your Tank" ad campaign introduced nationwide in 1964. Logotypes for Enco and Esso were identical ovals with blue outer edge and red lettering with white background.
Despite Humble's attempts to tie Enco and Esso brands together as a nationwide gasoline marketer during the 1960s, the company was not wholly successful at competing with truly national brands such as Texaco (then the only oil company selling its gasoline under the same brand name in all 50 states) and Shell, as Humble's strongest markets remained the Esso territory in the eastern U.S. and the former Humble home territory in Texas. Despite these challenges, Humble was the most successful of several U.S. oil companies to expand marketing and refining operations to California and West Coast states as most other "newcomers" entering that region during the 1950s and 1960s such as Gulf Oil, Phillips 66, Amoco, Conoco and others enjoyed less than stellar results, and each would pull out of California and surrounding states during the 1970s.
In 1967, Humble further expanded its California presence when it purchased a large number of service stations from Signal Oil (a Chevron subsidiary) and converted them to the Enco brand, which joined a large number of stations Humble had already built from scratch or bought from other oil companies. That was followed by the construction and opening of an oil refinery in 1969. Humble also expanded the Enco brand to Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, and Mississippi after the Supreme Court ruled that Humble's use of the Esso trademark in those states violated Standard Oil of Kentucky's use of the name "Standard Oil". Ironically, Kentucky Standard was almost completely dependent upon Esso for its products from 1911 until 1961, when they became a part of Standard Oil of California, now ChevronTexaco.
As early as 1966, Humble realized that it needed a single brand name it could use nationwide but faced a dilemma as Esso obviously could not be used in other Standard Oil territories and Enco had a Japanese translation as "stalled car." In late 1971, Humble rolled out the Exxon brand name at rebranded Enco and Esso in several test markets throughout the U.S. Following successful results of the Exxon brand in those areas, Humble/Jersey Standard officials in May 1972 announced that Exxon would become the company's sole gasoline brand in the U.S. later that year - replacing both Esso and Enco at service stations and on gasoline, motor oil and lubricant products nationwide (Esso was retained outside the U.S. where Standard Oil stipulations by the U.S. Justice Department did not apply). Also, the corporate name Standard Oil of New Jersey would be changed to Exxon Corporation, the U.S. refining/marketing division, Humble Oil and Refining Co., would be renamed Exxon USA, and the Enjay Chemicals division would be renamed Exxon Chemicals.
A service station with the name "Enco" appears in the 1969 film "Easy Rider".
Another service station named "ENCO" appeared in the classic Steve McQueen film "Bullitt."

</doc>
<doc id="20466192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466192" title="Bob Parkinson">
Bob Parkinson

Robert "Bob" Parkinson (27 April 1873 – "unknown") was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Preston, Lancashire. He played for Preston Ramblers, Preston Athletic, Fleetwood Rangers, Rotherham Town, Luton Town, Blackpool, Warmley, Nottingham Forest, Newton Heath, Watford and Swindon Town.
Blackpool.
Parkinson was a member of the Blackpool line-up for their first-ever match in the Football League, on 5 September 1896. He played up front alongside his namesake, Jack Parkinson. He went on to make a further seven league appearances in the 1896–97 season, scoring one goal – in a 4–2 defeat at Woolwich Arsenal on 19 December.
Parkinson's final appearance for the club occurred on 23 January, in a 3–1 home defeat by Small Heath. Shortly after this, he joined Nottingham Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="20466203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466203" title="Eagle Creek (Oregon)">
Eagle Creek (Oregon)

Eagle Creek may refer to any of a number of places in the U.S. state of Oregon:

</doc>
<doc id="20466208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466208" title="Satellit">
Satellit

"Satellit" (Satellite) was the Swedish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1979, performed in Swedish by Ted Gärdestad. 
Gärdestad's first four albums were produced by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus of ABBA, featured backing vocals by Agnetha Fältskog and Anni-Frid Lyngstad, and were released on the Polar Music label. He had previously competed in Melodifestivalen, the Swedish pre-selections, three times before winning; in 1973 with "Oh Vilken Härlig Dag" (#4), in 1975 with "Rockin' 'n' Reelin'" (#7) and in 1977 when he and brother Kenneth wrote Lena Andersson's entry "Det Bästa Som Finns" (#8).
The midtempo rock track, originally composed with English lyrics, has a chorus that goes ""I feel like a satellite, high in the sky, and now I understand how small the world really is"" and the verses include phrases like "Just like the earth and the moon we're attracted to each other"" and ""when the sun sets I really need your warmth"". The song, which was arranged and produced by guitarist Janne Schaffer, features a guitar and bass riff influenced by Toto's 1978 hit "Hold the Line", and four of the band members - Jeff Porcaro, Steve Porcaro, David Hungate and Steve Lukather - were in fact among the musicians playing on Gärdestad's preceding album "Blue Virgin Isles", recorded in Los Angeles, and released in late 1978. The English-language version of the track, "Satellite", was included on subsequent editions of the album, which was issued in both Europe, Australasia and Japan.
The song was performed as entry number fifteen on the night, following Netherlands's Xandra with "Colorado" and preceding Norway's Anita Skorgan with "Oliver". At the close of voting, it had received 8 points, placing it 17th in a field of 19, making it Sweden's second lowest placing in the contest at that point in time. Despite this the song counts as one of Gärdestad's signature tunes, the Swedish version of the song was a Top 10 hit on the singles chart and it also spent two weeks on the Svensktoppen radio chart. 
Gärdestad returned to Melodifestivalen the following year with "Låt Solen Värma Dig" ("Let The Sun Warm You"), sung as a duet with then girlfriend Annica Boller. The song finished fifth in the pre-selections and "Satellit" was succeeded as Swedish representative at the 1980 Contest by Tomas Ledin with "Just nu!". An English language solo version of "Låt Solen Värma Dig", entitled "Let The Sun Shine Through", was included on Gärdestad's second international album "I'd Rather Write a Symphony" and a Swedish solo version on 1981's "Stormvarning".

</doc>
<doc id="20466209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466209" title="William F. Martin">
William F. Martin

William Martin (born February 16, 1957, Bethesda, Maryland) is an American botanist, currently Head of the Institut für Molekulare Evolution, Heinrich Heine-Universität, Düsseldorf.
Born in Bethesda, Maryland, Martin was educated at Richland College, Dallas, Texas, and Texas A&M University. After working as a carpenter in Dallas, Martin moved to Hannover, Germany, and obtained his university Diploma from Technische Universität Hannover in 1985. Martin's PhD is from Max-Planck-Institut für Züchtungsforschung, Cologne, where he did postdoctoral research, followed by further postdoctoral work at Institut für Genetik, Technische Universität Braunschweig, where he obtained his Habilitation in 1992. In 1999, Martin became full (C4) professor at Universitaet Düsseldorf.
Martin is a distinguished and sometimes controversial contributor to the field of molecular evolution. He is known particularly for his work on the evolution of the Calvin cycle and plastids including chloroplasts, and, more generally, for contributions to understanding the origin and evolution of eukaryotic cells. Martin is co-author, with Miklos Mueller of Rockefeller University, of the 1998 paper "The Hydrogen hypothesis for the first eukaryote". A wealth of subsequent research papers include contributions, independently and with Michael J. Russell of the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory, to understanding the geochemical origins of cells and their biochemical pathways.

</doc>
<doc id="20466235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466235" title="Isaac C. Pugh">
Isaac C. Pugh

Isaac Campbell Pugh (November 23, 1805 – November 19, 1874) was a United States volunteer soldier who was a veteran of the Black Hawk War, Mexican War and American Civil War rising to the rank of Brevet brigadier general.
Early life.
Pugh was born in Christian County, Kentucky. He moved to Macon County, Illinois and became a private and served during the Black Hawk War. In 1846 he became a captain in the 4th Illinois Volunteer Regiment during the Mexican War and was mustered out of the volunteer service the following year.
Civil War.
Fort Donelson.
Pugh's most notable military service came during the American Civil War. He volunteered and became the captain of A Company when the 8th Illinois Volunteer Regiment was mustered in on 23 April 1861. When the 8th was demobbed three months later, he formed the 41st Illinois Volunteer Regiment which he commanded as colonel, and would chiefly be associated with for the rest of the war. Pugh led the regiment into action at the Battle of Fort Donelson fighting with John McArthur's brigade on the extreme right of the Union line.
Shiloh.
After Fort Donelson the 41st Illinois was assigned to the 1st Brigade in Stephen A. Hurlbut's 4th Division of the Army of the Tennessee. Shortly after the fighting began at the Battle of Shiloh, the 1st Brigade's commander Col. Nelson G. Williams was severely wounded and command of the brigade was turned over to Pugh. Colonel Pugh ably led the brigade through the two days of fighting at Shiloh in the vicinity of "Bloody Pond".
Vicksburg and Jackson.
After Shiloh, General Jacob G. Lauman was transferred to command the 1st Brigade and Pugh returned to command of his regiment. He led his regiment in the subsequent Siege of Corinth and Battle of Hatchie's Bridge. When General Lauman was elevated to command of the 4th Division, Pugh again assumed command of the 1st Brigade. Pugh's 1st Brigade and the rest of the 4th Division were assigned to the XVI Corps during the Siege of Vicksburg and the following expedition against Jackson, Mississippi. During the siege of Jackson (10–17 July 1863), General Lauman ordered Pugh to make an attack against Brig. Gen. Daniel W. Adams' entrenched brigade. This attack resulted in heavy casualties for Pugh's brigade and Lauman was subsequently relieved of command.
Furlough and Atlanta Campaign.
Pugh continued in brigade command until October 1863 when the veteran officers and soldiers of the 41st Illinois were granted a furlough while the new recruits in the regiment fought in the Red River Campaign and at Tupelo. Pugh returned to active duty with the veterans of the regiment in 1864. Instead of reuniting the entire regiment in Mississippi, Pugh commanded the so-called "Veterans Battalion" of the 41st Illinois and was sent to Georgia to join William T. Sherman's campaign against Atlanta. Pugh's Veteran Battalion was assigned to railroad guard duty near Marietta, Georgia. Pugh briefly commanded the 2nd Brigade, 4th Division in the XVII Corps which was composed of regiments primarily on guard duty in Georgia. He was mustered out of the volunteer service with the rest of his regiment on August 20, 1864.
Command History
Later life.
Pugh returned to his home in Decatur, Illinois and served as a clerk and postmaster there before his death on November 19, 1874. He is buried in Greenwood Cemetery in Decatur.

</doc>
<doc id="20466245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466245" title="The Age of the Earth">
The Age of the Earth

The Age of the Earth (), is an 1980 avant-garde film directed by Glauber Rocha. It entered the 37th Venice International Film Festival. 
In the blurb from Tate Modern, the film is described as thus:
“Italian director Michelangelo Antonioni claimed of The Age of Earth that ‘each scene is a lesson in how modern cinema should be made.’ After stints in Cuba, the United States and Europe, in 1980 Rocha returned to Brazil to make the film, which was his last. This monumental culmination of his career is an urgent ‘anti-symphony’ intended to reinvent Brazilian cinema. Originally, the 16 reels of the film were to be presented in a random order. The frenzied feast of allegories and symbols defied rational reality and sought to ‘resist the classification of colonial anthropology’.”

</doc>
<doc id="20466247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466247" title="Antón García Abril">
Antón García Abril

Antón García Abril (born 19 May 1933 in Teruel) is a Spanish composer and musician.
Biography.
Between 1974 and 2003, he was the head of the department of Compositions and Musical Forms (Composicion y Formas Musicales) of the Real Conservatorio Superior de Música in Madrid, and in 1982 he was elected a member of the Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando in Madrid. In 1994, he was awarded Spain's Premio Nacional de Música for composition, and in 2008, he was also named a member of the Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Carlos in Valencia.
Works.
Anton Garcia Abril has composed as many orchestral works as he has chamber and vocal pieces, and he has composed music for movies and television series such as "El Hombre y la Tierra, Fortunata y Jacinta, Anillos de oro, El perro, Segunda ensenanza, Brigada Central, Ramon y Cajal," and "Compuesta y sin novio."
In 1966, he created the soundtrack for the Texas movie "Adios," a spaghetti western starring Franco Nero. Also, in 1969, he worked alongside Rafael Romero Marchent, a film director from Madrid, on the sound track of the movie "Manos torpes," another spaghetti western. He also composed the music for Amando de Ossorio's Blind Dead series of films, being "La noche del terror ciego" (1971), "El Ataque de los muertos sin ojos" (1973), "El Buque maldito" (1974), "La Noche de las gaviotas" (1975).
Music for movies and television.
Between 1956 and 1994, Anton Garcia Abril created more than 150 compositions for movies and television. He has provided sound tracks for the films:
He also created the sound tracks of the television series:

</doc>
<doc id="20466253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466253" title="Jurchen">
Jurchen

Jurchen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20466255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466255" title="Al-Wasat (Bahraini newspaper)">
Al-Wasat (Bahraini newspaper)

Al-Wasat (), also "Alwasat", is an Arabic-language daily newspaper in Bahrain. It was founded by Dr. Mansoor Al-Jamri and leading personalities from the Bahraini private sector. Al-Jamri is the editor-in-chief since the foundation of the newspaper in 2002. He was temporarily forced out of his position between 3 April 2011 until 4 August 2011 during a government's crackdown. Al-Wasat is one of the most popular newspapers in Bahrain and is generally regarded as one of the only dailies that does not take a loyalist stand to the Bahraini government.
Al-Wasat was ranked as the top newspaper in terms of circulation and impact in the kingdom of Bahrain by the Pan-Arab Research Center in its survey in 2012. Al-Wasat was ranked of the top of index of credibility by the "Media Credibility Index" issued by Next Century Foundation in London on 5 May 2012.
Mansoor Al-Jamri is recipient of the CPJ International Press Freedom Awards in 2011 and the International Media Peace Award 2012.
It is the first Bahraini newspaper to reflect opposing viewpoints.
The newspaper was established after the early reforms adopted by King Hamad bin Isa in the early 2000s. Allowing a key oppositional figure to establish this newspaper was seen as a key event in the opening up of society. Before Al-Wasat was established, Bahrain had only two Arabic newspapers, "Akhbar Al Khaleej" and "Al Ayam", both of which were viewed as extremely pro-government.
Awards.
In addition to awarding Al-Wasat's editor the CPJ International Press Freedom Award in 2011 and the International Media Peace Award 2012, the newspaper won several awards, including a Euopean Award on 8 December 2011, MENA photojournalism award, UNICEF regional award for electronic media on 28 September 2011, the 15th strongest MENA newspaper on the Internet according to "Forbes Middle East" on 27 October 2010, Arab Journalism Award on 13 May 2010, Bahrain's electronic media, and Award on 13 March 2009.
Al-Wasat was ranked top of the "Media Credibility Index" issued by the Next Century Foundation in May 2012. Al-Wasat was identified by the Pan-Arab Research Centre (PARC) in 2012 as the most widely read newspaper in Bahrain, Its Editor-in-Chief, Dr Mansoor Al-Jamri also received the International Media Peace Award in London on 5 May 2012.
Controversy.
On 15 March 2011, the newspaper's printing office was attacked by mobs carrying knives and clubs. This came after recent 2011 Bahraini protests as some pro-government supporters attacked Al-Wasat's oppositional views on recent events. The attack happened in the early hours of Tuesday morning after days of harassment of staff and journalists by some pro-government supporters.
Following a talk show on Bahrain television on 2 April 2011, which allegedly accused fabrications by the newspaper in its reporting of 2011 protests in Bahrain, "Al-Wasat" was suspended for one day and put under investigation by Bahrain's Information Affairs Authority. Al-Wasat Newspaper was accused of using old footage and articles when reporting on current events following the Bahraini protests. The Associated Press reported on 3 April that "Al-Wasat" did not publish, following a message on state TV that the Information Ministry had ordered the paper to shut down. According to the state-run Bahrain News Agency, government officials again accused Al-Wasat of "unethical" coverage.
The day after the suspension, Al-Wasat's Board of Directors announced they had accepted the resignation of Mansoor Al-Jamri as Editor in Chief, and Nouwehed as Managing Editor and Head of Local News (Aqeel Mirza). The new editor in chief would be Obaidaly AlObaidaly, currently a columnist for "Al-Wasat". The newspaper restarted on 4 April 2011.
Al-Jamri spoke to the "Financial Times" following these events and contended that allegations against his newspaper were part of a "sustained campaign" against this specific publication. He explained that there is a possibility of a double agent that was planted in the newspaper to spread fabrications. Bahrain's Information Affairs Authority filed a legal case based on Bahrain's law regarding press, printing and publishing. The General Prosecution summoned Mansoor Al-Jamri, managing editor Walid Nouwehed and head of local news Aqeel Mirza for questioning. They were charged with publishing fabricated stories which "harmed public safety and national interests". Prosecutor General Dr Ali bin Fadhl Al Bouainain indicated that they will stand trial when investigations have been completed.
Al-Jamri explained in an interview with Al-Hurra Satellite that on 3 April 2011, an official ordered the newspaper's board to dismiss the editor-in-chief and key staff, two non-Bahraini staff were forcibly deported on 4 April 2011 and a detailed a series of official intimidation to the newspaper.
Karim Fakhrawi, one of the founders of Al-Wasat, was detained on 3 April 2011 and according to the BICI report he died under torture on 12 April 2011.
The public announcement indicated that Fakhrawi died of kidney failure, but according to the Committee to Protect Journalists, pictures showed bruises on his body.
On 4 August 2011, the Board of Directors reinstated Dr. Mansoor Al-Jamri back as editor-in-chief of the newspaper. The investors' general meeting held on 7 August 2011 reaffirmed the strategic direction of Al-Wasat newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="20466263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466263" title="Craig Mahon">
Craig Mahon

Craig Derek Mahon (born 21 June 1989) is an Irish footballer who currently plays for Chester his regular position is as a winger or a striker.
Craig Mahon signed a one year professional contract to Wigan Athletic in June 2008. Mahon's footballing education took place at the Dublin Based club Loudres Celtic, from there Craig signed as trainee YT in 06/07 at Wigan where he then progressed through the ranks.
Craig signed for Accrington Stanley on loan in 2008/09. Mahon was spotted by Stanley bosses putting in an impressive performance in the reserves game against Everton. He made his debut for Stanley on 29 November 2008 in a League Two match against Bury at the Crown Ground, which ended in a 2–1 defeat for Stanley.
He has also represented the Republic of Ireland at youth level, making his debut for the under-18 side on 7 February 2007 in a 0–0 draw against Netherlands. He appeared for the under-19 team later in the year, playing in a 2–1 defeat against Chile.
Football runs in the family for Craig, he is the nephew of Alan Mahon formerly of (Tranmere Rovers) and cousin of Andy Reid (Nottingham Forest).
In the summer of 2009, he was released by Wigan Athletic and went on to have short spells with Salford City scoring eight goals in 24 appearances with the club before moving to Burscough in February 2010.
After trials at Football League Clubs Bury and Rochdale, Mahon signed for Conference North side Vauxhall Motors on 4 September 2010. He signed a further 12-month deal on 26 July 2011.
Vauxhall Motors secured the services of Mahon on a further 12-month deal on 27 July 2012.
Craig was voted the Vauxhall Motors Player of the Season for the 2012/13 season.
He signed for Chester on 23 May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20466289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466289" title="Elaine Willcox">
Elaine Willcox

Elaine Willcox is a British television reporter. Currently employed by ITV Granada.
Personal life.
Wilcox was born in Berlin Germany, after her father was stationed in the city as part of the Royal Engineers, she was brought up in Newcastle where she stayed to complete a degree in English and History. 
She now lives in North West England. Elaine lives with her husband and two sons. 
Media career.
Elaine was part of a team which won a BAFTA in 2007 for covering the impact of the Morecambe Bay Cockling tragedy for ITV Granada. This, to date, is the only occasion where a BAFTA has gone to a regional news programme.
In September 2007 she joined GMTV as North West England Correspondent, after three years, she returned to ITV Granada as a reporter for regional news programme "Granada Reports".

</doc>
<doc id="20466298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466298" title="Overture (1965 film)">
Overture (1965 film)

Overture () is a 1965 Hungarian short documentary film written by János Vadász. It won the Short Film Palme d'Or at the 1965 Cannes Film Festival and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20466343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466343" title="Jack Dunn (soccer)">
Jack Dunn (soccer)

Jack Dunn was a U.S. soccer inside right who was a four-time All American, a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was a four-time All American and coached at the collegiate level.
Player.
Dunn grew up in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania where he played for the Lighthouse Boys Club and was three-time All City at Northeast Public High School. He then attended Temple University, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1951 to 1954. He was a 1951 Honorable Mention (third team) All American, 1953 Second Team All American and 1952 and 1954 First Team All American. He graduated in 1955. He was inducted into the Temple Hall of Fame in 1975. In 1952, he was a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He may have spent several years with Uhrik Truckers in the American Soccer League. He played for the Brooklyn German Hungarians for a time. He also played and coached for the Philadelphia United German-Hungarians winning the 1965 National Amateur Cup with them. He played on four professional championship teams.
He spent several years in the U.S. Army. He was discharged in 1958 and began working at Gulf Oil Company.
Coach.
He later coached at both the amateur and collegiate levels. In 1958, he was hired by St. Joseph’s College in Philadelphia. He coached the school’s team until 1975, compiling a 120-57-23 record.

</doc>
<doc id="20466358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466358" title="Battle of Marcellae (756)">
Battle of Marcellae (756)

The battle of Marcellae (, ) took place in 756 between the armies of the First Bulgarian Empire and the Byzantine Empire at Markeli, near the town of Karnobat in south eastern Bulgaria. The result was a Byzantine victory.
Origins of the conflict.
In 755, the long peace between Bulgaria and the Byzantine Empire came to an end. This was mainly because, after significant victories over the Arabs, the Byzantine Emperor Constantine V began to fortify his border with Bulgaria. To this aim he resettled heretics from Armenia and Syria in Thrace. Khan Kormisosh took those actions, and the construction of a new fortress along the border, as a breach of the Treaty of 716, signed by Tervel. The Bulgarian ruler sent envoys to ask for tribute for the new fortresses. After the refusal of the Byzantine Emperor, the Bulgarian army invaded Thrace. Looting everything on their way, the Bulgarians reached the outskirts of Constantinople, where they were engaged and defeated by Byzantine troops.
Battle.
In the next year, Constantine V organized a large campaign against Bulgaria which was now ruled by a new Khan, Vinekh. An army was sent with 500 ships which plundered the area around the Danube delta. The Emperor himself, leading the main force, advanced into Thrace, and was engaged by the Bulgarians at the border castle of Marcellae. The details of the battle are unknown but it resulted in a victory for Constantine V. In order to stop the invasion, the Bulgarians sent hostages in Constantinople. However, three years later (759), Constantine invaded Bulgaria once more, but suffered a crushing defeat in the battle of the Rishki Pass.

</doc>
<doc id="20466365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466365" title="Promartes">
Promartes

Promartes is a genus of mustelids, now extinct, which existed during the Miocene period.
The genus was first described in 1942, by E. S. Riggs, who identified the sister genus "Zodiolestes" at the same time, and assigned to the family "Mustelidae". In 1998 it was assigned to the subfamily "Oligobuninae". Five species have been identified in the genus: "P. darbyi", "P. gemmarosae", "P. lepidus", "P. olcotti", and"P. vantasselensis", three of which were originally identified as members of "Oligobunis".

</doc>
<doc id="20466369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466369" title="Licinio Refice">
Licinio Refice

Licinio Refice (Patrica, February 12, 1883 – Rio de Janeiro, September 11, 1954) was an Italian composer and priest. With Monsignor Lorenzo Perosi he represented the new direction taken by Italian church music in the twentieth century, and he left the popular song "Ombra di nube" (1935) as well as two completed operas. 
His first opera "Cecilia", about the legend of Saint Cecilia, created a sensation with its premiere in Rome in 1934; Claudia Muzio took the title role. His second, "Margherita da Cortona", appeared in 1938. A third opera, "Il Mago" (1954), was left incomplete (within the first act). 
Refice died in 1954 during morning rehearsals of "Cecilia" in Rio de Janeiro; Renata Tebaldi was singing the title role. For readers of Italian, more information about Refice is here. 
Recordings of "Cecilia".
Four recordings exist of "Cecilia" (role key: conductor/cecilia/cieca/valeriano/amachio/tiburzio/urbano).

</doc>
<doc id="20466379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466379" title="Edoardo Ricci">
Edoardo Ricci

Edoardo Ricci (27 April 1928 – 28 November 2008) was an Italian Bishop for the Roman Catholic Church.
Born in 1928, Ricci was ordained as a Priest at the age of 23 on 8 October 1950. He was appointed Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Miniato, Italy on 27 February 1987 by Pope John Paul II and ordained Bishop on 7 June that year. He retired as Bishop on 6 March 2004 after nearly 17 years. He died on 28 November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20466417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466417" title="Point of View (film)">
Point of View (film)

Point of View is a 1965 American short documentary film. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20466460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466460" title="Sermitsiaq">
Sermitsiaq

Sermitsiaq may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20466469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466469" title="Boogie Woogie Santa Claus">
Boogie Woogie Santa Claus

"Boogie Woogie Santa Claus" is a song written by rock and roll songwriter Leon René. It was most famously recorded in 1948 by Mabel Scott whose version placed within the top 15 of "Billboard's" Race Records chart. Patti Page covered the song in 1950 to little attention, but its B-side, "Tennessee Waltz", became a #1 hit in the United States and is one of her best-known works. It has since been recorded by many other artists, including The Brian Setzer Orchestra for their 2002 album "Boogie Woogie Christmas" and Colin James for 2007's "".

</doc>
<doc id="20466493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466493" title="Szabolcs Szegletes">
Szabolcs Szegletes

Szabolcs Szegletes (born 19 July 1978) is a Hungarian footballer who played for BVSC Budapest as striker.

</doc>
<doc id="20466500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466500" title="Barbados–Trinidad and Tobago relations">
Barbados–Trinidad and Tobago relations

Barbados–Trinidad and Tobago relations describe relations between the governments of The Republic of Trinidad and Tobago and Barbados. Barbados maintains non-resident representation to Port of Spain, and the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago maintains non-resident representation to Bridgetown. Barbados and Trinidad and Tobago formally established diplomatic relations on Barbados' national date of independence 30 November 1966. Both countries are members of many shared organisations including: The Association of Caribbean States, the Commonwealth of Nations, CARICOM, CARIFORUM, and the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States.
History.
Early bilateral interactions occurred as both countries shared their colonial relationship as former parts of the British Empire. One of the first moves towards a more formal relationship between Barbados and Tobago began with an attempted move by Barbados to secure a British agreement for unification of Barbados and Tobago. The move however failed and Tobago continued on a path of administrative unification with Trinidad in 1889. Prior to this unification both Barbados and Tobago were parts of a British experiment of placing several neighboring British possessions in the Windward Islands under the administration of the Governor of Barbados. This formed the basis of the colony of Barbados and the Windward Islands. Barbados was involved in this colony from 1833 until 1885, while Tobago though was involved from 1833 until 1889. Upon the withdrawal of Barbados, the island lobbied the British government to amalgamate Tobago with Barbados but was unsuccessful and Tobago became a ward of Trinidad instead.
While Barbados was the only island in the West Indies which never witnessed a change in colonial power since the founding settlement there in 1627, both Trinidad and Tobago witnessed a rocky beginning after being sought after in rotation by several colonial powers.
Relations between Barbados and Trinidad have also been historical important with large instances of Barbadians emigrating to Trinidad and Trinidadians immigrating to Barbados. A Trinidadian the Right Excellent Clement Osbourne Payne was made a national hero of Barbados by the Barbadian government for his contribution to the trade union movement in Barbados.
Migration between both nations has traditionally been robust. In 1891 Trinidad's census showed a migration from Barbados of 13,890 Barbadians, while in 1946, figures showed over 12,350 persons in Trinidad & Tobago were born in Barbados.
In 2005, former Prime Minister of Barbados, the Rt. Hon. Owen Arthur quipped to the Barbados media that the Government of Barbados might contemplate political union of Tobago with Barbados as a single state. Orville London as Chief Secretary of the THA stated that they would "choose Trinidad every-time", thereby dampening the idea of any future discussions.
Recent relations.
Recently relations between Barbados, Trinidad and Tobago have mainly been cordial and cooperative, with an edge of wariness on both sides, due to a contentious decade long maritime boundary dispute. Outside of this, there have been little historical differences between the neighbouring countries. Both nations tend to support one another in International fora such as in the establishment of the International Criminal Court (ICCt), financial support for other less developed members of the Caribbean Community (CARICOM), policy support for the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States (OECS), and in other areas. There have been more recent disagreements between two of the leaders of the two countries; Barbadian Prime Minister Owen Arthur and his Trinidadian counterpart Prime Minister Patrick Manning. The maritime boundary dispute was resolved in 2006 through binding arbitration at the Permanent Court of Arbitration.
Trinidadian companies are major financial stake holders in a number of Barbadian businesses. This has brought about a tremulous outcry from the Barbadian public on an occasion. The outcry will usually go away after a short period of time. The problems were first brought to the fore by a 1999 Soca/Calypso hit-song by Mac Fingall titled "Barbados belong to Trinidad", the song which became a catch phrase, and served to emphasise a number of issues between the two countries sought to satirise the inter-relations but had a negative effect instead. Tensions continued to escalate in Barbados following the popularity of that song and a subsequent hostile take-over bid for the Life of Barbados Ltd. (LOB) insurance company by Trinidad-based Guardian Holdings Ltd. (GHL) Things started to take a turn for the worse once several Barbadian fishermen were arrested in the water between the two countries.
Barbados and the Government of Trinidad and Tobago signed an agreement to construct an undersea 177 mile oil or Liquid Natural Gas (LNG) pipeline which will stretch from Tobago to Barbados. The project is to be undertaken by the Eastern Caribbean Gas Pipeline Company Limited. It will see energy delivered directly from Trinidad and Tobago to the domestic Barbadian natural gas network and feeding into the power plants in Barbados.

</doc>
<doc id="20466518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466518" title="Gábor Szilágyi">
Gábor Szilágyi

Gábor Szilágyi (born 4 September 1981) is a Hungarian footballer who played for BVSC Budapest as striker.

</doc>
<doc id="20466529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466529" title="Yeats Country">
Yeats Country

Yeats Country is a 1965 Irish short documentary film directed by Patrick Carey. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short.

</doc>
<doc id="20466542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466542" title="Cut Foot Sioux Trail">
Cut Foot Sioux Trail

The Cut Foot Sioux Trail is a loop trail in the Chippewa National Forest of Minnesota, USA. It follows gravel and sand forestry roads that are now used for hiking, biking, cross-country skiing and horse back riding. The trail passes by several lakes.
The trail starts at the Cut Foot Sioux Visitor Information Center on Minnesota State Highway 46 in west-central Itasca County. The Center, on the Leech Lake Indian Reservation, offers interpretive programs and a fishing pier. From the Center the trail runs west through wooded country past several lakes, including Cut Foot Sioux Lake, then turns north and slopes gradually up to Farley Tower, an old lookout. Turning east, the trail runs along the Northern Divide, then drops down to the Bowstring river before heading south back to the Visitor center. 
The trail connects with Simpson Creek Trail, a trail system through large red pines on a peninsula that extends into Lake Winnibigoshish, and passes through the Cut Foot Experimental Forest, used for studying pine forest management. Walkers may see eagles, osprey and loons on the lakes.
The Cut Foot Sioux Ranger Station, near Lake Winnibigoshish, is the oldest remaining ranger station building in the Forest Service's Eastern Region. A log cabin, it was built in 1904 and abandoned in 1918, but has been restored and is in good condition as of 2008.
US Forest Service Map

</doc>
<doc id="20466549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20466549" title="Proletář">
Proletář

Proletář was a publication issued in Moravia, which began publishing in 1910. Politically it adhered to the line of the Austrian Social Democracy. "Proletář" issued attacks against the Czechoslav Social Democratic Labour Party and the Czechoslav Trade Union Association.

</doc>
