<doc id="20208063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208063" title="Harry Tiebout">
Harry Tiebout

Harry M. Tiebout M.D. (2 January 1896 - 2 April 1966) was an American psychiatrist who promoted the Alcoholics Anonymous approach to the public, patients and fellow professionals. He served on the Board of Trustees of Alcoholics Anonymous from 1957–1966 and was president of the National Council on Alcoholism from 1951-1953.
Early life and education.
Harry Tiebout was raised in Brooklyn, New York. He earned his bachelor's degree at Wesleyan University in 1917, then went to Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, where he also completed an internship with a specialization in psychiatry. The psychiatry service at Hopkins was led by Adolph Meyer, who had an eclectic approach in which Freudian theory was contributory but not dominant. John B. Watson was also at Hopkins during the time Tiebout was there, conducting research in behaviorism which would have substantial influence on the field of child development during the 1920s.
Clinical work.
Tiebout was on the staff of New York Hospital, Westchester Division from 1922-24. He then began work in child guidance clinics in New York City, joining the Institute for Child Guidance as staff psychiatrist shortly after it was founded in 1927. The Institute was a well-funded center for training and research, dominated by psychoanalysis and specializing in "exhaustive case histories 75 pages long." During these years Tiebout was also on the staff of Cornell Medical School and the Payne Whitney Psychiatric Clinic.
In 1935 he became medical director of Blythewood Sanitarium in Greenwich, Connecticut. Privately owned, Blythewood was situated on a beautiful, rustic estate once owned by Boss Tweed. At its peak, it had eight main buildings, eight cottages, a chapel, a building for occupational therapy, and a small golf course. There were no bars on the windows. Artistic and cultural pursuits were encouraged as part of the therapeutic program. Although the sanitarium was primarily for care of the mentally ill, it also provided care for alcoholics.
In 1939, Tiebout received a pre-publication copy of the book, "Alcoholics Anonymous". After looking it over, he gave it to one of his patients, Marty Mann. She had been at Blythewood for over a year but seemed no closer to conquering her alcohol problem than when she arrived, so he considered her a good test of whether the book had value. At first she read the book eagerly, delighted to know for the first time that there was a name (alcoholism) for what ailed her. However, she was soon repelled by the overbearingly religious message and told Tiebout that she could never accept it. Tiebout, according to Mann's biographers Sally and David Brown, quietly encouraged her to keep reading. Eventually taking the book to heart, she had an epiphany during a crisis of resentment and fury and was converted.
Other references, also based on Mann's recollections, portray Tiebout's role a little differently. They describe an ongoing verbal battle lasting several months, in which Tiebout refused to accept Marty's rejection of the book. In the end, Mann did become an active member of AA and within a few years made education about alcoholism, and promotion of alcohol-abuse treatment, her second career. With Tiebout's support, she founded the National Council on Alcoholism (NCA).
Tiebout also became a friend and supporter of AA founder Bill Wilson, providing personal psychiatric care when Wilson developed depression in the 1940s. It was largely through Tiebout's influence that Bill Wilson was invited to speak at a New York state medical society meeting and then at a meeting of the American Psychiatric Association, and had his talk published in the "American Journal of Psychiatry."
Alcoholism: Approach to the patient.
Tiebout had many years of training and experience in the management of alcohol problems before his first exposure to Alcoholics Anonymous. However, his earliest detailed article concerning alcoholism was published in 1944, 5 years into his relationship with AA, and is primarily a description of AA itself. Over the next 10 years he published a number of articles outlining his theories about alcoholism, the psychodynamic causes of the disorder and his reasons for endorsing AA as the definitive solution.
Howard J. Clinebell, in a book for clergy on alcoholism counseling, recalled that Tiebout "likened the 'runaway symptom' of alcoholism to the dangerously high fever of pneumonia. The fever is a "symptom" of the underlying infection, but unless it can be lowered, the person may die of the 'symptom"." Psychiatrists, Tiebout felt, had been ineffectual because they ignored the deadly symptom in an attempt to treat a (theoretical) underlying disease. He credited AA with an ability to target the symptom directly. Tiebout's understanding of the alcoholic mind cannot be entirely separated from his understanding of the 12-step approach, but the primary themes in his writings can be summed up under several points.
The alcoholic personality.
In one of his early papers Tiebout discounted the idea, common among psychoanalytically-inclined doctors, that there was a classic type of pre-alcoholic personality. In his view all of the personality characteristics associated with early alcoholism were manifestations of the tension state accompanying intermittent alcohol binges. These features included:
Howard Clinebell understood Tiebout to mean that there was, in fact, a pre-alcoholic personality but that "the distinctive factors have not yet been isolated". In a 1947 lecture, Tiebout located the roots of alcoholism in poor parenting, either excessive strictness which caused the child to suffer "perpetual frustration and blocking of his desires and expectations," or over-indulgence. Either way, "Since the alcoholic's sense of self-discipline has not been developed at this point, his natural reaction is to reject all discipline. He now cannot face the realities of his existence. This would indicate that the whole point of treatment is to get the alcoholic to face and accept his limitations and capacities."
The disease model.
The concept of alcoholism which dominated treatment approaches in the second half of the 20th century, and is still influential today, defined alcoholism as a disease. The idea that alcohol problems constituted a disease was not new, but the particular synthesis associated initially with the Yale Center of Alcohol Studies (now at Rutgers) and the National Committee for Education on Alcoholism had unique features not found in earlier theories. The NCEA was one of Marty Mann's projects, and thus influenced by Tiebout. A 1990 Hazelden pamphlet cites Tiebout, Dr. William Silkworth and E.M. Jellinek as formative influences.
Tiebout seems to have been somewhat ambivalent about the disease model, however. In 1955, speaking of the scientific underpinnings of the alcoholism movement in general, he said "I cannot help but feel that the whole field of alcoholism is way out on a limb which any minute will crack and drop us all in a frightful mess." He was consistent in his belief that the acceptance of alcoholism as a disease was essential, but this belief was partially pragmatic. In his experience, chronic alcoholics did not take the steps necessary to recover unless they became conscious of themselves as people with a disease. He emphasized a different aspect of the model in public lectures, however. Family members, friends and employers of alcoholics were encouraged to keep in mind that the condition was an illness and not a moral failing.
Role of the ego.
In a 1954 article Tiebout introduced a definition of the term "ego" which was to become important in his later writings, particularly those for AA audiences. Although his use of the term was new, the concept behind it had been developed by Tiebout during the early 1940s. In these early articles he was addressing a professional readership, and use of the term might have created confusion between the psychoanalytic meaning of ego and the colloquial "ego" which was Tiebout's essential meaning.
Based on work with 250 alcoholics during his first 10 years at Blythewood, Tiebout developed the following conception of the alcoholic mind:
Using examples from dreams of patients he had analyzed, Tiebout presented evidence for the existence of this rigid barrier. As long as the barrier remained, "As long as the self feels protected in a deep unconscious sense, it cannot be and is not disturbed by the warnings of reality, which characteristically roll like water off a duck's back." For the analyst,
In his 1954 article, 'The Ego Factors in Surrender in Alcoholism,' Tiebout began using the term "ego" to describe this concept of a self barricaded by defenses. He related it to Freud's "His Majesty the Baby" and to a similar concept introduced by Sandor Rado in 1933. Rado hypothesized that the elation induced by alcohol produced a reaction in the form of a "tense depression", which then reactivated the childish megalomania normally outgrown by adulthood. The result was a type of magical thinking in which "the ego secretly compares its current helplessness with its original narcissistic stature . . and aspires to leave its tribulations and regain its old magnitude." Tiebout acknowledged his indebtedness to Rado's conception, while eliminating much of the psychoanalytic complexity of the original. He also felt that Rado was incorrect in advising only the "reduction" of the ego. Tiebout's view was that "reduction" represented a compromise and that there should be no compromise with the ego. The old ego should be eliminated entirely and replaced with a new one through "surrender".
Surrender and conversion.
The hallmark of Tiebout's work was his ability to explain 12 step ideas in psychoanalytic terms. The primary source for the steps was a religious movement popularized by Frank Buchman, with elements of the Higher Life movement tradition combined with the personal-evangelism techniques developed within the YMCA movement in the early 20th century. The Oxford Group had a successful program involving public and private meetings for witness and confession, as well as individual work. Their concept of "surrender" was the traditional Christian one, as a contemporary observer noted:
Conversion, surrender, confession, restitution and the necessity of evangelizing others were ideas brought from the Oxford Group to Alcoholics Anonymous by members who had found that the intense religious devotion they inspired was the key to a changed life. Tiebout understood the concepts in a more secular way, and approved of them.
Tiebout had found that superficial compliance in therapy often correlated with lack of real change, and he saw in the AA concept of surrender an antidote to this phenomenon. An act of surrender was the only cure, or practically the only one, to the problem of "compliance", or partial surrender to the psychiatrist's authority and the authority of the reality principle. Tiebout described true surrender as "an unconscious event, not willed by the patient even if he or she should desire to do so. It can occur only when an individual with certain traits in his or her unconscious mind becomes involved in a certain set of circumstances," essentially the circumstances of "hitting bottom".
Conversion, for Tiebout, was a spiritual awakening made possible by the person's recognition of his own egocentricity. The central effect of Alcoholics Anonymous was "to develop in the person a spiritual state which will serve as a direct neutralizing force upon the egocentric elements in the character of the alcoholic." A "vague, groping, skeptical intellectual belief" would not accomplish this but only a true emotional religious feeling, for "unless the individual attains in the course of time a sense of the reality and the nearness of a Greater Power, his egocentric nature will reassert itself with undiminished intensity, and drinking will again enter into the picture."
Later life.
Tiebout retired as medical director of Blythewood in 1950. The sanitarium was gradually changing into a long-term care facility for the elderly, with fewer psychiatric patients. He continued to see patients privately and kept up an active speaking schedule, as well as serving on the boards of various alcohol-related organizations. He died in Greenwich in 1966 of cardiac causes. He was the husband of the former Ethel Mills and father of Harry Tiebout, Jr., a philosophy professor; Charles Tiebout, an economics professor; and Sarah T. Worn.

</doc>
<doc id="20208066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208066" title="Discovery and development of triptans">
Discovery and development of triptans

Triptans is a word commonly used for a class of anti-migraine drugs that are selective 5-hydroxytryptamine/serotonin1B/1D (5-HT1B/1D) agonists. Migraine is a complex disease which affects about 15% of the population and can be highly disabling.
Triptans have advantages over ergotamine and dihydroergotamine, such as selective pharmacology, well established safety record and evidence-based prescribing instructions. Triptans are therefore often preferred treatment in migraine.
History.
Search for a new anti-migraine drug started at Glaxo in 1972. Studies in the 1960s showed that vasoconstriction from 5-HT, ergotamine and noradrenaline could reduce migraine attacks. Research also showed that platelet 5-HT level is reduced during migraine. Because there are too many side-effects for 5-HT to be used as a drug, scientists started research on the receptors of 5-HT in order to discover and develop a more specific agonist for 5-HT receptors. Research on the 5-HT receptors and their effect led to discovery of several types and subtypes of 5-HT. AH24167 showed a vasodilation effect instead of vasoconstriction due to the agonist effect on another type of 5-HT receptors later assigned the name 5-HT7. AH25086 was the second compound developed and showed a vasoconstriction effect but was not released as a drug due to low per oral bioavailability. Continued research led to the discovery of the first triptan drug, sumatriptan, that had both vasoconstriction effect, as well as better oral bioavailability. Sumatriptan was first launched in Holland in 1991 and became available in the USA during 1993.
Mechanism.
Triptans are specific and selective agonists for the 5-HT1 receptors. Sumatriptan binds to 5-HT1D receptors, zolmitriptan, rizatriptan, naratriptan, almotriptan, and frovatriptan binds to 5-HT1B/1D and eletriptan binds to 5-HT1B/1D/1F receptors. Triptans supposed mechanism of action are vasoconstriction effect on carotid arterial circulation without affecting cerebral blood flow, peripheral neuronal inhibition and inhibition of transmission through second order neurons of the trigeminocervical complex. 
Receptors.
5-HT receptors are all G-protein coupled receptors (GPCR) except for 5-HT3 which is a ligand gated ion channel. The receptors that have been found to be involved in migraine are 5-HT1B, 5-HT1D and 5-HT1F receptors. 5-HT1B are found in meningeal arteries, agonism of 5-HT1B causes vasoconstriction in cranial nerves. The 5-HT1D receptors are located primarily in the trigeminal nerve in the central nervous system (CNS). They are also found in vascular smooth muscles, mediating contraction. Agonism of 5-HT1D receptors subdues the release of inflammatory inducing nerve stimulants. The amino acids contributing to the binding of ligands to the receptor are aspartic acid (Asp), phenylalanine (Phe), serine (Ser), threonine (Thr), tryptophan (Trp) and tyrosine (Tyr). It has been shown that both 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors in humans have a very similar amino acids structures which demonstrates the similarities in binding properties.
Design.
All triptans have an indole structure identical to the neurotransmitter 5-HT. Classic triptan structure contain side chain on the indole ring, and a basic nitrogen in a similar distance from the indole structure. The main structural difference of the triptans is the position of the sulfonamide and the side chain attached to it (see figure 1 and table 1). Rizatriptan and zolmitriptan have instead of a sulfonamide a triazole and 2-oxazolidone respectively. Another exception to the classic structure is seen on eletriptan where the nitrogen-alkyl chain connected to the indole ring is replaced with a dimethyl-pyrrolidine, and in naratriptan where the nitrogen-alkyl chain is replaced with an 1-methyl-piperidine ring.
Important structural features of triptans and binding to the receptor.
The following chemical attributes on 5-HT1B/1D agonists have been found to contribute to the binding/efficacy on the 5-HT1B and 5-HT1D receptors:
There are important structural features that are decisive in binding to the receptor. Triptan structures were designed from the structure of 5-HT to attain affinity to 5-HT receptors, hence the identical indole structure. The hydroxyl group (-OH) on the hexane of the indole core and the alkyl-amine side chain on position C3 on 5-HT have been replaced with other compounds, such as sulfonamides or azol-ring structured derivatives and different amine-alkyl side chains. An electro-negative group can form a hydrogen bond with Thr in the pocket of the receptor. Sulfonamide derivatives attached to the hexane ring of the indole structure have electro-negative properties, as well as the triazole and 2-oxazolidone on rizatriptan and zolmitriptan respectively. This can increase binding ability of the compound and the efficacy, especially with the 5-HT1D receptor.
A schematic drawing of the binding of sumatriptan to 5-HT1D receptor can be seen in figure 2. One study showed that sumatriptan fits better in the binding site of the receptor when the side chain with the protonated nitrogen atom is folded back over the indole structure. This alignment contributes to the hydrogen bonding between the nitrogen in the sulfonamine and the Ser138 in the binding site. It is also favorable to the formation of the hydrogen bond between the oxygen of the sulfonamine and Thr202. Other binding in the pocket of the binding site occurs with the nitrogen atom in the pentene ring of the indole structure of the triptan and the amino acid Ser352. This energetically favorable position of the agonist makes it possible for additional binding of the ligand to other Ser in the binding site, along with additional anchoring between Phe in the pocket of the binding site and the indole of the agonist. The binding of Phe and the triptan is caused by π stacking interactions of the indole and amino acid and an additional effect on this interaction is because of dispersive effect of amino acid leucine (Leu)(not shown in figure 2). The amino acids Trp343 and Tyr346 both have electron rich π-systems in their aromatic structures. With their position in the binding site they create a sort of aromatic cage around the protonated nitrogen atom of the side chain on position C3 on the triptans (this nitrogen atom is protonated at physiological condition), and thereby stabilizes the ion bond the nitrogen atom has formed with a carboxylate on aspartic acid. Side chains of the surrounding amino acids can have an effect on the binding of the nitrogen atom, mainly three Phe can affect the methyl groups bound to the nitrogen atom (not shown in figure 2).
By placing an electron-withdrawing group or large group on position C2 on the indole structure the 5-HT agonist is conversed into an antagonist. This is thought to be because the indole ring is unable to occupy the aromatic part of the binding site.
Triptan drugs.
Properties of formulations.
Sumatriptan was the pioneer drug in this class. The second generation's triptans such as zolmitriptan, naratriptan, rizatriptan, almotriptan, eletriptan and frovatriptan soon became available.
Different triptans are available in different formulations and in different strengths (see table 2). They have been formulated as subcutaneous injections, oral tablets, orally disintegrating tablets, nasal spray and as rectal suppositories. 
Delivery system of the triptans may play an important role in the onset of action. The selection of anti-migraine drug for patients depends on their symptoms. The first selective 5-HT1B/1D agonist, sumatriptan, was first synthesized as a subcutaneous injection, then as an oral tablets and more recently as a nasal spray, it is also available in some countries as suppositories. The subcutaneous injection is the fastest way to stop a rapidly progressing migraine attacks. The sumatriptan nasal spray provides faster onset of action than the tablets but it produces a similar headache response at 2 hours. Some patients prefer the nasal spray as it works more rapidly than the tablets and does not have as many adverse effects as the subcutaneous injection. Nasal spray is although not suitable for all patients, because some patients experience bad taste and lack of consistency of response. Zolmitriptan was developed with the strategy to create a more lipophilic compound, with faster absorption and better ability to cross the blood brain barrier than sumatriptan. It is available as tablets, orally disintegrating tablets and as nasal spray in some countries. Rizatriptan is available as tablets and orally disintegrating tablets but naratriptan, almotriptan, eletriptan and frovatriptan are only available in tablets, for now.
a Specific enzyme not yet reported.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved a new drug April 15, 2008, which is a combination of sumatriptan 85 mg and naproxen 100 mg (NSAID).
Triptans and NSAID‘s work on distinct mechanism involved in migraine and therefore may offer improved treatment when administrated together.
Pharmacokinetics.
Pharmacokinetic properties (see table 3) are important when new drugs are developed.
Patients seek rapid onset of action to relief the headache. Relatively short tmax, good bioavailability and lipophilicity are pharmacokinetic properties that have been associated with rapid onset of action. It has been speculated that good ability to cross the blood brain barrier and relatively long terminal elimination half-life may result in a lower incidence of headache recurrence. Sumatriptan and rizatriptan undergo first pass hepatic metabolism and result in lower bioavailability.
t1/2 = Elimination half-life;
tmax = Time to reach peak plasma drug concentration;
ClR = Renal Clearance;
LogDpH7.4 = Measure of lipophilicity at pH 7.4. Increasing number indicate greater solubility;
VD = Volume of distribution
M = Male; F = Female
Future research.
Most triptans were developed and introduced in the 1990s. Further studies have not shown much promise regarding the development of new triptans with better duration of action, efficacy and safety profile. Therefore it is unlikely that further variations will be developed and new anti-migraine drugs are likely to have another mechanism of action.

</doc>
<doc id="20208071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208071" title="Eberhard van der Laan">
Eberhard van der Laan

Eberhard Edzard van der Laan (born June 28, 1955 in Leiden) is a Dutch politician of the Labour Party (Partij van de Arbeid). He has been the Mayor of Amsterdam since July 7, 2010. Before serving as Mayor he was Minister of Integration and Housing in the Cabinet Balkenende IV succeeding the sacked Ella Vogelaar. He resigned with the rest of the Labour Party cabinet members on February 23, 2010.
Biography.
Family and education.
Van der Laan graduated in 1983 "cum laude" in law at the Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam. He co-founded the law firm Kennedy Van der Laan.
Politics.
He started his political career as assistant to the Amsterdam alderman Jan Schaefer. Between 1990 and 1998 he was member of the Amsterdam city council, from 1993 as the chair of the Labour Party group After leaving politics he became a full-time lawyer. 
On November 14, 2008 he succeeded Ella Vogelaar as Minister of Housing and Integration in the fourth cabinet Balkenende. Before he was a local councillor for the Labour Party in Amsterdam.
In the local elections, politicians were criticized by Mr. van der Laan for distributing election leaflets in minority languages and in some cases leaflets were collected. Due to this anti-Multicultural stand in a multicultural city, van der Laan has been accused of hypocrisy by his own PvdA party's main candidate. He was subsequently appointed as the mayor of the multicultural city of Amsterdam. 
In 2006 he was informateur in the negotiations of the new Amsterdam local executive. On 23 June 2010 he was nominated by the Amsterdam city council to become Mayor of Amsterdam. This nomination is subject to Royal assent.
Trivia.
He remained active as a chair of the board of the Resistance Museum and the W.E. Jansenfonds. He also was a member of the board of the Netherlands Public Broadcasting and the board of Het Nieuwe Parool. He also was a member of the board of the De Groene Amsterdammer, art foundation De Appel and children's circus Elleboog.

</doc>
<doc id="20208073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208073" title="Urgent Deficiencies Act">
Urgent Deficiencies Act

The Urgent Deficiencies Act of 1913 authorized the elimination of many nonessential government publications. 
As part of the legislation, all information relating to the U.S. Postal Service, including the statement of allowances to mail contractors, was removed from the Official Register. The list of ships and vessels belonging to the United States was eliminated as well. The bill also declared that Federal district courts would have jurisdiction in cases brought to enjoin, set aside, annul, or suspend in whole or in part any order of the Interstate Commerce Commission. Put another way, I.C.C. orders and enforcements were now subject to Federal district court review, and the special Commerce Court of the I.C.C. was abolished. Such cases would be decided upon by specially constituted three-judge panels that would hear and decide on the merits of the arguments for or against enforcement. 
The district court right of review portion of the act was repealed in 1975. There was also a rider attached to the bill that abolished nepotism within the Bureau of Internal Revenue and Treasury Department, added after Treasury Secretary McAdoo was accused of appointing 5 family members under the name “Eisner.”

</doc>
<doc id="20208076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208076" title="Baekbyeongsan">
Baekbyeongsan

Baekbyeongsan is a mountain in the city of Taebaek, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20208089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208089" title="Francisco Vidal Gormaz">
Francisco Vidal Gormaz

Francisco Vidal Gormaz (Santiago, Chile, July 1, 1837 – February 5, 1907) was a Chilean naval officer and hydrographer who explored the coasts of Chile including some river systems and lakes. During the 1850s he explored and surveyed several times Maullín River with Francisco Hudson. He participated in the Occupation of the Araucanía performing reconnaissance missions in the coasts of Arauco and Toltén. In 1863, he was named director of the Maritime School of Ancud ("Escuela Maritima de Ancud"). In 1874, he became the first director of the newly created Hydrographic Office ("Oficina Hidrográfica"). In 1884, he became General Inspector of Lighthouses and participated in the International Meridian Conference. Because of his neutrality during the 1891 Chilean Civil War he was removed from his post as director of the Hydrographic Office. He was named assistant at the Sea Ministry (Spanish: "Ministerio de Marina") in 1894 and retired from the navy in 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="20208108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208108" title="Cutter Service Act">
Cutter Service Act

The United States federal Cutter Service Act of 1914 emphasized providing otherwise-unobtainable medical services for men on board American fishing fleets. It authorized the Commandant of the Revenue Cutter Service to ""detail for duty on revenue cutters such surgeons and other persons of the Public Health Service as ... necessary"." 
As a result of the act, many cutter vessels were fitted out as hospital ships and ""relieved from the regular duties as normally performed by cutters"" to cruise the fishing banks off the U.S. coastlines as floating hospitals.

</doc>
<doc id="20208117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208117" title="Seven Stories (band)">
Seven Stories (band)

Seven Stories was an Australian rock group formed in Adelaide, initially as Tall Stories, in 1986. The band was nominated as 'Best New Talent' at the 1991 Australian Record Industry Association (ARIA) Awards and signed to Sony (then CBS Records), but disbanded in 1994 after its second full-length album release, "Everything You Want (Nothing That You Need)".
History.
Andrew Tanner, Michael Boundy and Sue Oliver were prominent in music circles in Adelaide from the late 1970s. During this period they all contributed to recordings at the Good God recording studio run by Rod Boucher and Chris Adams.
In 1978 Tanner contributed drums and vocals to various Good God recordings, later moving to guitar in the band Retreads which produced a self-titled album in 1980. Boundy played bass guitar for bands, Thumbs Up and Retreads (with Tanner) before joining Perfect Strangers in 1980. In 1984 Tanner composed "Dreams and Visions", which became a banner song for the 1985 Uniting Church National Christian Youth Convention in Adelaide in 1985. "Dreams and Visions", a song about Pentecost, is still used by Australian congregations.
Tanner, Boundy and Oliver teamed with drummer Jeff Algra and keyboard/French horn player Glyn Lehmann to form Tall Stories, in Adelaide in 1986. Their first major recording was a self-produced, self-distributed 12" mini LP "Sleeping Through Another War", released in 1987.
Gaining commercial airplay, a major breakthrough came with the signing of the band by Sony (then CBS Records) to a five-year deal. Around that time the band changed its name to Seven Stories, to avoid confusion with US band Tall Stories. The deal with Sony led to the critically acclaimed "Judges and Bagmen" album in 1990. "Rolling Stone"'s review in 1991 stated "it is the music which makes Judges and Bagmen such a compelling album" The band was assisted in the recording by musicians such as Vika and Linda Bull and Broderick Smith. Seven Stories was nominated for the 1991 ARIA Awards in the 'Best New Artist' category. "Sleeping through Another War" and "Walk through Babylon" were released by CBS as singles off the album. The band toured extensively throughout Australia supporting artists such as Midnight Oil, INXS, The Black Sorrows, Hothouse Flowers, Hunters and Collectors and Paul Kelly.
High-profile producers T-Bone Burnett and Boom Crash Opera's Richard Pleasance were engaged by Sony for Seven Stories' 1993 recording "Everything You Want (Nothing That You Need)", which spawned the single "Is that It?'" Although he contributed to the album, Lehmann had officially left the band by the time of its release, leaving Tanner, Boundy and Algra as the remaining core. The band toured Europe and North America on the strength of the album release. Guitarist David Carr, engaged to augment the band for this recording, relates the band's sudden abandonment by Sony: ""We toured that album very successfully, recorded a "JJJ Live at the Wireless" and had a string of singles before the whole of Sony was instructed to "drop everything" and divert all energy to making Mariah Carey number one."" Seven Stories subsequently disbanded in 1994.
Andrew Tanner worked in Melbourne as a writer and is a member of the psychedelic-styled band The Sand Pebbles. Boundy, Algra and Lehmann all returned to Adelaide and remained active musically. Drummer Algra played and recorded with a large number of artists including, T-Bone Burnett, The Waifs, The Borderers (with Glyn Lehmann), Jeanette Wormald, Jim Hermel, Andrew Clermont, Liam Gurner, and Jet O’Rourke.
Lehmann has had a musical career as composer, songwriter, arranger, performer and music producer. He has created original music, songs and soundtracks for Australian Broadcasting Corporation television and radio, and the feature-length documentary "I Told You I Was Ill – The Life and Legacy of Spike Milligan". He has also worked with the State Theatre Company of South Australia and the Adelaide Symphony Orchestra.
Boundy has played with Adelaide bands, Verandah and Vivid and played with Lehmann in the band, Sun Theory.
Seven Stories reformed for a one-off performance in Adelaide in April 2012.
Members.
Discography.
Singles
mini LPs:
LPs:

</doc>
<doc id="20208124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208124" title="Cooperative Funds Act">
Cooperative Funds Act

The Cooperative Funds Act is a United States law, or series of laws, which authorized the United States Forest Service (FS) to collect donations from private partners to perform FS work. Contributions had to be voluntary, and by cash, check, or money order only. It was also stipulated that there could be no conflict of interest between the donor and the FS.
Federal acts.
The FS must have appropriate statutory authority prior to entering into any grant, cooperative agreement, or other agreement which could result in the use, obligation, or other commitment of any Forest Service resources. To this end, the Congress has passed several authorizations, including:
Use of cooperative agreements.
Cooperative agreements used may include the types of instruments contemplated under Section 1587.03 of the Forest Service Manual. Also, Federal Financial Assistance instruments (grants or cooperative agreements) may be used. Authority to use all these instruments is the Department of Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999, FSM 1587.15, FSH 1509.11, Chapter 60, Wyden Amendment, Section 323(A), as included in Public Law 105-277, Div. A, Section 101 (e) as amended by Public Law 107-63, Section 330.

</doc>
<doc id="20208130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208130" title="Men Diana Illa">
Men Diana Illa

Men Diana Illa... (English: From Diana To...) is the 11th (Anida is not counted as a studio album) studio album by Lebanese singer Diana Haddad, released by in November 2008, continued along the lines established by her 2002 album Law Yesaloni.
Songs Charts.
Sheft Itessalek
Rouh Ya Sghier
Shlon Ashofh

</doc>
<doc id="20208133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208133" title="Agricultural Entry Act">
Agricultural Entry Act

The Agricultural Entry Act allowed Federal lands containing minerals, petroleum, nitrate, phosphate, potash, oil, gas, and asphalt to be leased to private developers, as long as such deposits in specially zoned lands were left alone. The Federal government reserved the right to abrogate whatever uses the surrounding lands had been developed for in the event that it was deemed necessary for deposit procurement.

</doc>
<doc id="20208153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208153" title="Borland Amendment">
Borland Amendment

Sponsored by Rep. William P. Borland (D) of Missouri, the Borland Amendment allocated funds for the paving of roads in the District of Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="20208154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208154" title="Manik (film)">
Manik (film)

Manik ( "") is a Bengali Movie was released in 2005. Directed by Probhat Roy, the movie featured Jeet, Koyel Mullick, Ranjit Mallick . This movie is Koyel Mullick's second .
This film was shooted at Kalimpong Golf Course.
Plot.
Samir Mitra is an unemployed educated guy who is looking for a job. His father Abir Mitra is a retired person. Samir's mother is suffering from cancer. One day Samir suddenly meets Manik Chandra Sadhukhan. Manik's father is Niranjan Sadhukan, he is also ill. Latika is Manik's younger sister. Manik has come to Kolkata to meet his father's friend Chandrakanta Majumadar who is an established businessman. Manik meets with an accident on the way. Samir tries to save his life. Before his death Manik requests Samir to take care of his father and younger sister; he also tells Samir not to disclose the news of his accident. Manik gives Samir all required information. Samir becomes Manik; he meets Chandrakanta as Manik. Chandrakanta appoints him in his own office. Samir meets Chandrakanta's daughter Ria and wife Manju, Ria and Samir gradually fall in love but Samir feels uncomfortable whenever he thinks that when everybody will come to know the truth that he is not Manik then what will happen. From his salary he maintains his own family and Manik's family. Everybody is impressed with his behavior and honesty. Suddenly Niranjan and Latika come to Kolkata because Niranjan is unwell. Niranjan has lost his eyesight and there is some problem in his heart also. Samir tries to hide from Niranjan but every body comes to know the truth. Kartik Sen, the business rival of Chandrakanta, kidnaps Ria and demands ransom. Samir and Chandrakanta rescue her with the help of police. Samir donates his father's eye to Niranjan. Niranjan gets back his eyesight.

</doc>
<doc id="20208172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208172" title="Handball at the 1998 Asian Games">
Handball at the 1998 Asian Games

The Handball events at the 1998 Asian Games were held in Bangkok, Thailand between December 7 and December 16, 1998.
Men.
Main round.
Group A.
December 7
December 9
December 11
Group B.
December 8
December 10
December 12
Classification matches.
7th place match - December 13
5th place match - December 13
Women.
December 9
December 10
December 11
December 12
December 14

</doc>
<doc id="20208180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208180" title="Comment réussir quand on est con et pleurnichard">
Comment réussir quand on est con et pleurnichard

Comment réussir quand on est con et pleurnichard (English title: 'How to Do Well When You are a Jerk and a Crybaby') is a French comedy film directed by Michel Audiard, released in 1974.
It is notable as the first film with actor Jean-Claude Dreyfus. Director Audiard appears in the film as a nurse.
Synopsis.
Antoine (Jean Carmet) is a crybaby. This is an asset in his trade (sales representative for drinks) and for seducing women. Thus he becomes, through a rich nymphomaniac, director of a luxury hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="20208190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208190" title="Smith-Hayden Act">
Smith-Hayden Act

The Smith-Hayden Act, also called the ""20 Year Extension Act"," was sponsored by Sen. Marcus A. Smith (D) and Rep. Carl Hayden (D), both of Arizona, and was the first significant modification of the Newlands Reclamation Act of 1902. It extended payments for construction costs on reclamation projects from 10 to 20 years, and allowed flexibility in the actual amount of construction costs made during the early years of repayment. Sen. Smith described it as “"a broad scheme that will ultimately reclaim the West".” 
It was introduced in the Senate on Feb. 26th and was passed with a provision giving the States Federal loans interest free on Mar. 18th. When it reached the House, however, southern and northeastern Congressmen worked to kill the bill or at least amend it because they believed the western states received too many special “pork barrel project” favors under its provisions. Most objected to the interest free loans. Rep. Oscar Underwood (D) of Alabama introduced the “"Underwood Amendment"” to the bill which required that Congress vote for appropriations from the reclamation fund instead of allowing the Secretary of the Interior to allocate them. Supporters of the bill accepted this provision in exchange for Rep. Underwood helping to block an amendment that would have required high interest to be charged on any loans given to Western states for land and water reclamation projects. “"Even the highest payout under this act,”" said Rep. Hayden, “"is at a lower rate than the interest charge which the average American farmer must pay when he mortgages his land".” Passage of the bill assured Westerners of the long-term Federal commitment to water resource development.

</doc>
<doc id="20208200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208200" title="Reddiyur">
Reddiyur

Reddiyur is a village in the Yelagiri Hills near Jolarpet, India. Elagiri Zamindar Reddy Family owned Yelagiri and lived at Reddiyur. The government of India acquired Yelagiri during the early 1950s. The house where the Elagiri Zamindars lived still exists in Reddiyur.

</doc>
<doc id="20208210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208210" title="Sponge Act">
Sponge Act

The Sponge Act 16 U.S.C. §781 et. seq. is a Federal statute that makes it illegal to take, catch, or sell, commercial sponges that are less than 5 inches in diameter when wet. The law only applies to two areas: the Gulf of Mexico and the Straits of Florida. The penalty for a violation of this law is a fine not to exceed $500 and a lien on the vessel on which the offense was committed.

</doc>
<doc id="20208212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208212" title="Frederick Wilding">
Frederick Wilding

Frederick Wilding (born 20 November 1852 in Montgomery, Wales, died 5 July 1945 in Christchurch, Canterbury, New Zealand) played first-class cricket for Canterbury in the 1880s and 1890s. He also played tennis, and had been a noted athlete in the west of England. 
Frederick and Julia Wilding emigrated from Herefordshire, England in 1879. He was a well-to-do lawyer in Christchurch, New Zealand. Their house "Fownhope" in St Martin, Christchurch had two tennis courts, an asphalt winter court and a summer grass court.
Their son Tony Wilding, was a world champion tennis player, and had played cricket for Canterbury. 
Their daughter Cora Wilding was an artist and outdoor enthusiast, and founder of the Youth Hostel Association of New Zealand in 1932.
He was appointed a King's Counsel in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="20208217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208217" title="Cotton Futures Act">
Cotton Futures Act

The Cotton Futures Act of 1914 authorized the United States Department of Agriculture to establish physical standards as a means of determining color grade, staple length and strength, and other qualities and properties for cotton. It was intended to minimize speculative manipulation of the cotton market. 
The Act was rendered unconstitutional in Federal district court because the Act originated in the Senate. As a revenue act, it should have been drafted in the House. It was replaced by the Cotton Futures Act of 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="20208218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208218" title="Khazar University Library Information Center">
Khazar University Library Information Center

Collections.
Approximately 75 percent of the library materials are in English. The library also collects printed and electronic materials in Azerbaijani, Russian, Turkish, Arabic, Persian, German, French, Italian, Chinese, Japanese and other modern European and Oriental languages in the fields of Business Studies, Economics and Management, Engineering and Applied Sciences, Education, Social Sciences, Political Science and International Relations, Legal Studies, Language Studies, Arts, Architecture, Philosophy, Literature, History, and Medical Sciences. Materials include textbooks published all over the world and publications of Khazar University Press, which are widely presented in the library. Khazar University LIC has an extensive reference collection, including monolingual and bilingual encyclopedias. LIC collections have grown through purchases, donations and various grants.
Khazar University LIC has been the Regional Depository Library of the World Bank in Azerbaijan since 1999 and of the Asian Development Bank since 2005.
The university's Online Public Access Catalogue (OPAC) is its Bibliographic database which users may use to search for materials such as books, periodicals, video recordings, and CD-ROMs in English, Azeri, Russian and other languages. The university provides online access to e-books, electronic journals, and academic databases. Access to EBSCO as well as ProQuest, BioOne, Cambridge University Press, and Oxford Reference Online have became available due to active participation of Khazar University in Azerbaijan Library Consortium.
Special projects.
LIC participates in various projects, including:
Khazar University Institutional Repository.
The Khazar University Institutional Repository (KUIR), a suite of services offered by the Library Information Center, is an institutional repository (at http://dspace.khazar.org) maintained to support the university's researchers, collaborators, and students. Repository content consists of collections of research materials in digital format produced and selected by Khazar University faculty and their collaborators. The Khazar University Library Information Center manages, preserves and distributes these collections through DSpace software. Materials include pre- and post-prints copies of scholarly articles, theses and dissertations, as well as materials included in those articles, such as images, videos, and datasets.
The July 2010 World Repository Ranking listed KUIR as the only repository in the Caucasus or Central Asia in the top 800 worldwide repositories. KUIR does well even in comparison with reposition in more developed countries.
Special services.
In affiliation with Khazar University Press, the national ISBN and ISMN agency for Azerbaijan, LIC provides the following ISBN and ISMN services:
LIC prepares the Azerbaijan Publisher Database in Import/Export format for annual editions of the "Publishers' International ISBN Directory".
The work is carried out for the creation of the bibliographic descriptions of issues published in Azerbaijan according to international rules (index DDC, subject headings).

</doc>
<doc id="20208243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208243" title="Development of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors">
Development of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors

Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors (DPP-4 inhibitors) are enzyme inhibitors that inhibit the enzyme dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) and are a potent treatment for type 2 diabetes. Inhibition of the DPP-4 enzyme prolongs and enhances the activity of incretins that play an important role in insulin secretion and blood glucose control regulation.
Type 2 diabetes is a chronic metabolic disease that can be caused by pancreas β-cell dysfunction, deficiency in insulin secretion, insulin resistance and/or increased hepatic glucose production. It is one of the fastest growing health concerns in the world. Current treatments are often inefficient at sustaining glycemic control and may cause undesirable side effects, such as weight gain and episodes of hypoglycemia. Therefore, new and more effective drugs have been developed with DPP-4 inhibitors playing a significant role.
History.
Since its discovery in 1967, serine protease DPP-4 has been a popular subject of research. Inhibitors of DPP-4 have long been sought as tools to elucidate the functional significance of the enzyme. The first inhibitors were characterized in the late 1980s and 1990s. Each inhibitor was important to establish an early structure activity relationship (SAR) for subsequent investigation. It should be noted that the inhibitors fall into two main classes, those that interact covalently with DPP-4 and those that do not. DPP-4 is a dipeptidase that selectively binds substrates that contain proline at the P1-position, thus many DPP-4 inhibitors have 5-membered heterocyclic rings that mimic proline, e.g. pyrrolidine, cyanopyrrolidine, thiazolidine and cyanothiazolidine. These compounds commonly form covalent bonds to the catalytic residue Ser630.
In 1994, researchers from Zeria Pharmaceuticals unveiled cyanopyrrolidines with a nitrile function group that was assumed to form an imidate with the catalytic serine. Concurrently other DPP-4 inhibitors without a nitrile group were published but they contained other serine-interacting motifs, e.g. boronic acids, phosphonates or diacyl hydroxylamines. These compounds were not as potent because of the similarity of DPP-4 and prolyl oligopeptidase (PEP) and also suffered from chemical instability. Ferring Pharmaceuticals filed for patent on two cyanopyrrolidine DPP-4 inhibitors, which they published in 1995. These compounds had excellent potency and improved chemical stability.
In 1995, Edwin B. Villhauer at Novartis started to explore N-substituted glycinyl-cyanopyrrolidines based on the fact that DPP-4 identifies N-methylglycine as a N-terminal amino acid. This group of new cyanopyrrolidines became extremely popular field of research in the following years. Some trials with dual inhibitors of DPP-4 and vasopeptidase have been represented, since vasopeptidase inhibition is believed to enhance the antidiabetic effect of DPP-4 inhibition by stimulating insulin secretion. Vasopeptidase-inhibiting motif is connected to the DPP-4 inhibitor at the N-substituent.
DPP-4 mechanism.
During a meal the incretins glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) and glucose-dependent gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP) are released from the small intestine into the vasculature. The hormones regulate insulin secretion in a glucose-dependent manner. GLP-1 has many roles in the human body; it stimulates insulin biosynthesis, inhibits glucagon secretion, slows gastric emptying, reduces appetite and stimulates regeneration of islet β-cells.
GIP and GLP-1 have extremely short plasma half-lives due to a very rapid inactivation. The enzyme responsible for the metabolism is DPP-4. Inhibition of DPP-4 leads to potentiation of endogenous GIP and GLP-1 and hence improves treatment of type 2 diabetes ("Figure 1").
DPP-4 distribution and function.
DPP-4 selectively cleaves two amino acids from peptides, such as GLP-1 and GIP, which have proline or alanine in the second position ("Figure 2"). At the active site of the protease there is a characteristic motif of three amino acids, Asp-His-Ser. DPP-4 is the CD26 T-cell-activating antigen, which is widely distributed in human organs and tissue. Tissues, which strongly express DPP-4, include the exocrine pancreas, sweat glands, salivary and mammary glands, thymus, lymph nodes, biliary tract, kidney, liver, placenta, uterus, prostate, skin and the capillary bed of the gut mucosa where most GLP-1 is inactivated locally. DPP-4 is attached to the plasma membrane of the endothelia of almost all organs in the body. It is also present in body fluids, such as blood plasma and cerebrospinal fluid, in a soluble form. DPP-4 inactivates GLP-1 and GIP very rapidly. Regarding GIP and GLP-1, alanine and proline are crucial for biological activity, so elimination of these amino acids leads to formation of metabolites that are inactive. Thus, preventing the degradation of the incretin hormones GIP and GLP-1 by inhibition of DPP-4 is an exciting therapeutic strategy.
DPP-4 characteristics.
Since DPP-4 is a protease, it is not unexpected that inhibitors would likely have a peptide nature and this theme has carried through to contemporary research.
Structure.
X-ray structures of DPP-4 that have been published since 2003 give rather detailed information about the structural characteristics of the binding site. Many structurally diverse DPP-4 inhibitors have been discovered and it is not that surprising considering the properties of the binding site:
1. A deep lipophilic pocket combined with several exposed aromatic side chains for achieving high affinity small molecule binding.
2. A significant solvent access that makes it possible to tune the physico-chemical properties of the inhibitors that leads to better pharmacokinetic behavior.
DPP-4 is a 766-amino acid transmembrane glycoprotein that belongs to the prolyloligopeptidase family. It consists of three parts; a cytoplasmic tail, a transmembrane region and an extracellular part. The extracellular part is divided into a catalytic domain and an eight-bladed β-propeller domain. The latter contributes to the inhibitor binding site. The catalytic domain shows an α/β-hydrolase fold and contains the catalytic triad Ser630 - Asp708 - His740. The S1-pocket is very hydrophobic and is composed of the side chains: Tyr631, Val656, Trp662, Tyr666 and Val711. Existing X-ray structures show that there is not much difference in size and shape of the pocket that indicates that the S1-pocket has high specificity for proline residues
Binding site.
DPP-4 inhibitors usually have an electrophilic group that can interact with the hydroxyl of the catalytic serine in the active binding site ("Figure 3"). Frequently that group is a nitrile group but can also be boronic acid or diphenyl phosphonate. This electrophilic group can bind to the imidate complex with covalent bonds and slow, tight-binding kinetics but this group is also responsible for stability issues due to reactions with the free amino group of the P2-amino acid. Therefore inhibitors without the electrophilic group have also been developed, but these molecules have shown toxicity due to affinity to other dipeptidyl peptidases, e.g. DPP-2, DPP-8 and DPP-9.
DPP-4 inhibitors span diverse structural types. In 2007 few of the most potent compounds contain a proline mimetic cyanopyrrolidine P1 group. This group enhances the potency, probably due to a transient covalent trapping of the nitrile group by the active site Ser630 hydroxyl, leading to delayed dissociation and slow tight binding of certain inhibitors. When these potency enhancements were achieved, some chemical stability issues were noted and more advanced molecules had to be made. To avoid these stability issues, the possibility to exclude the nitrile group was investigated. Amino acids with aryl or polar side chains did not show appreciable DPP-4 inhibition and in fact, all compounds without the nitrile group in this research suffered a 20 to 50-fold loss of potency corresponding to the compounds containing the nitrile group.
Discovery and development.
It is important to find a fast and accurate system to discover new DPP-4 inhibitors with ideal therapeutic profiles. High throughput screening (HTS) usually gives low hit rates in identifying the inhibitors but virtual screening (VS) can give higher rates. VS has for example been used to screen for small primary aliphatic amines to identify fragments that could be placed in S1 and S2 sites of DPP-4. On the other hand, these fragments were not very potent and therefore identified as a starting point to design better ones.
Three-dimensional models can provide a useful tool for designing novel DPP-4 inhibitors. Pharmacophore models have been made based on key chemical features of compounds with DPP-4 inhibitory activity. These models can provide a hypothetical picture of the primary chemical feature responsible for inhibitory activity.
The first DPP-4 inhibitors were reversible inhibitors and came with bad side effects because of low selectivity. Researchers suspected that inhibitors with short half-lives would be preferred in order to minimize possible side effects. However, since clinical trials showed the opposite, the latest DPP-4 inhibitors have a long-lasting effect. One of the first reported DPP-4 inhibitor was P32/98 from Merck. It used thiazolidide as the P1-substitute and was the first DPP-4 inhibitor that showed effects in both animals and humans but it was not developed to a market drug due to side effects. Another old inhibitor is DPP-728 from Novartis, where 2-cyanopyrrolidine is used as the P1-substitute. The addition of the cyano group generally increases the potency. Therefore, researchers' attention was directed to those compounds. Usually, DPP-4 inhibitors are either substrate-like or non-substrate-like.
Substrate-like inhibitors.
Substrate-like inhibitors ("Figure 4") are more common than the non-substrate-likes. They bind either covalently or non-covalently and have a basic structure where the P1-substituent occupies the S1-pocket and the P2-substituent occupies the S2-pocket. Usually they contain a proline mimetic that occupies the S1-pocket. Large substituents on the 2-cyanopyrrolidine ring are normally not tolerated since the S1-pocket is quite small.
Since DPP-4 is identical with the T-cell activation marker CD26 and DPP-4 inhibitors are known to inhibit T-cell proliferation, these compounds were initially thought to be potential immunomodulators. When the function against type 2 diabetes was discovered, the cyanopyrrolidines became a highly popular research material. A little later vildagliptin and saxagliptin, which are the most developed cyanopyrrolidine DPP-4 inhibitors to date, were discovered.
Cyanopyrrolidines.
Cyanopyrrolidines have two key interactions to the DPP-4 complex:
1. Nitrile in the position of the scissile bond of the peptidic substrate that is important for high potency. The nitrile group forms reversible covalent bonds with the catalytically active serine hydroxyl (Ser630), i.e. cyanopyrrolidines are competitive inhibitors with slow dissociation kinetics.
2. Hydrogen bonding network between the protonated amino group and a negatively charged region of the protein surface, Glu205, Glu206 and Tyr662. All cyanopyrrolidines have basic, primary or secondary amine, which makes this network possible but these compounds usually drop in potency if these amines are changed. Nonetheless, two patent applications unveil that the amino group can be changed, i.e. replaced by a hydrazine, but it is claimed that these compounds do not only act "via" DPP-4 inhibition but also prevent diabetic vascular complications by acting as a radical scavenger.
Structure-activity relationship (SAR).
Important structure-activity relationship:
1. Strict steric constraint exists around the pyrrolidine ring of cyanopyrrolidine-based inhibitors, with only hydrogen, fluoro, acetylene, nitrile, or methano substitution permitted.
2. Presence of a nitrile moiety on the pyrrolidine ring is critical to achieving potent activity
Also, systematic SAR investigation has shown that the ring size and stereochemistry for the P2 position is quite conditioned. A 5-membered ring and L-configuration has shown better results than a 4-membered or 6-membered ring with D-configuration. Only minor changes on the pyrrolidine ring can be tolerated since the good fit of the ring with the hydrophobic S1 pocket is very important for high affinity. Some trials have been made, e.g. by replacing the pyrrolidine with a thiazoline. That led to improved potency but also loss of chemical stability. Efforts to improve chemical stability often led to loss of specificity because of interactions with DPP-8 and DPP-9. These interactions have been connected with increased toxicity and mortality in animals. There are strict limitations in the P1 position and hardly any changes are tolerated, on the other hand a variety of changes can be made in the P2 position. In fact, substitution with quite big branched side chains, e.g. "tert"-butylglycin, normally increased activity and chemical stability, which could lead to longer-lasting inhibition of the DPP-4 enzyme. It has also been noted that biaryl-based side-chains can also give highly active inhibitors. It was originally believed that only lipophilic substitution would be tolerated. Now it is stated that also the substitution of polar negatively charged side-chains as well as hydrophilic substitution can lead to excellent inhibitory activity.
Chemical stability.
In general, DPP-4 inhibitors are not very stable compounds. Therefore, many researchers focus on enhancing the stability for cyanopyrrolidines. The most widespread technique to improve chemical stability is to incorporate a steric bulk. The two cyanopyrrolidines that have been most pronounced, vildagliptin and saxagliptin, were created in this manner. K579 is a DPP-4 inhibitor discovered by researchers at Kyowa Hakko Kyogo. It had improved not only chemical stability but also a longer-lasting action. That long-lasting action was most likely due to slow dissociation of the enzyme-inhibitor complex and an active oxide metabolite that undergoes enterohepatic circulation. The discovery of the active oxide was in fact a big breakthrough as it led to the development of vildagliptin and saxagliptin. One major problem in DPP-4 inhibitor stability is intramolecular cyclisation. The precondition for the intramolecular cyclisation is the conversion of the "trans"-rotamer, which is the DPP-4 binding rotamer("Figure 5"). Thus, preventing this conversion will increase stability. This prevention was successful when incorporating an amide group into a ring, creating a compound that kept the DPP-4 inhibitory activity that, did not undergo the intramolecular cyclisation and was even more selective over different DPP enzymes. It has also been reported that a cyanoazetidine in the P1 position and a β-amino acid in the P2 position increased stability.
Vildagliptin.
Vildagliptin (Galvus)("Figure 6") was first synthesized in May 1998 and was named after Edwin B. Villhauer. It was discovered when researchers at Novartis examined adamantyl derivatives that had proven to be very potent. The adamantyl group worked as a steric bulk and slowed intramolecular cyclization while increasing chemical stability. Furthermore, the primary metabolites were highly active. To avoid additional chiral center a hydroxylation at the adamantyl ring was carried out ("Figure 5"). The product, vildagliptin, was even more stable, undergoing intramolecular cyclisation 30-times slower, and having high DPP-4 inhibitory activity and longer-lasting pharmacodynamic effect.
Saxagliptin.
Researchers at Bristol-Myers Squibb found that increased steric bulk of the N-terminal amino acid side-chain led to increased stability. To additionally increase stability the "trans"-rotamer was stabilized with a "cis"-4,5-methano substitution of the pyrrolidine ring, resulting in an intramolecular van-der-Waals interaction, thus preventing intramolecular cyclisation. Because of that increased stability, the researchers continued their investigation on "cis"-4,5-methano cyanopyrrolidines and came across with a new adamantyl derivative, which showed extraordinary "ex vivo" DPP-4 inhibition in rat plasma. Also noted, high microsomal turnover rate which indicated that the derivative was quickly converted to an active metabolite. After hydroxylation on the adamantyl group they had a product with better microsomal stability and improved chemical stability. That product was named saxagliptin (Onglyza)("Figure 6"). In June 2008 AstraZeneca and Bristol-Myers Squibb submitted a new drug application for Onglyza in the United States and a marketing authorization application in Europe. Approval was granted in the United States by the FDA in July 2009 for Onglyza 5 mg and Onglyza 2.5 mg. This was later combined with Once Daily Metformin XR and approved by the FDA in January 2011 under the trade name Kombiglyze XR.
Denagliptin.
Denagliptin ("Figure 6") is an advanced compound with a branched side-chain at the P2 position, but also has (4S)-fluoro substitution on the cyanopyrrolidine ring. It is a well-known DPP-4 inhibitor developed by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK). Biological evaluations have shown that the S-configuration of the amino acid portion is essential for the inhibitory activity since the R-configuration showed reluctantly inhibition. These findings will be useful in future designs and synthesis of DPP-4 inhibitors. GSK suspended phase-III clinical trials in October 2008.
Azetidine based compounds.
Informations for this group of inhibitors are quite restircted. Azetidine-based DPP-4 inhibitors can roughly be grouped into three main subcategories; 2-cyanoazetidines, 3-fluoroazetidines, and 2-ketoazetidines. The most potent ketoazetidines and cyanoazetidines have large hydrophobic amino acid groups bound to the azetidine nitrogen and are active below 100nM.
Non-substrate-like inhibitors.
Non-substrate-like inhibitors do not take after dipeptidic nature of DPP-4 substrates. They are non-covalent inhibitors and usually have an aromatic ring that occupies the S1-pocket, instead of the proline mimetic.
In 1999, Merck started a drug development program on DPP-4 inhibitors. When they started internal screening and medicinal chemistry program, two DPP-4 inhibitors were already in clinical trials, isoleucyl thiazolidide (P32/38) and NVP-DPP728 from Novartis. Merck in-licensed L-"threo"-isoleucyl thiazolidide and its "allo" stereoisomer. In animal studies, they found that both isomers had similar affinity for DPP-4, similar "in vivo" efficacy, similar pharmacokinetic and metabolic profiles. Nevertheless, the "allo" isomer was 10-fold more toxic. The researchers found out that this difference in toxicity was due to the "allo" isomer's greater inhibition of DPP-8 and DPP-9 but not because of selective DPP-4 inhibition. More research also supported that DPP-4 inhibition would not cause compromised immune function. Once this link between affinity for DPP-8/DPP-9 and toxicity was discovered, Merck decided on identifying an inhibitor with more than a thousandfold affinity for DPP-4 over the other dipeptidases. For this purpose, they used positional scanning libraries. From scanning these libraries, the researchers discovered that both DPP-4 and DPP-8 showed a strong preference for breaking down peptides with a proline at the P1 position but they found a great difference at the P2 site; i.e., they found that acidic functionality at the P2 position could provide a greater affinity for DPP-4 over DPP-8. Merck kept up doing even more research and screening. They stopped working on compounds from the α-amino acid series related to isoleucyl thiazolidide due to lack of selectivity but instead they discovered a very selective β-amino acid piperazine series through SAR studies on two screening leads. When trying to stabilize the piperazine moiety, a group of bicyclic derivatives were made, which led to the identification of a potent and selective triazolopiperazine series. Most of these analogs showed excellent pharmacokinetic properties in preclinical species. Optimization of these compounds finally led to the discovery of sitagliptin.
Sitagliptin.
Sitagliptin (Januvia) has a novel structure with β-amino amide derivatives ("Figure 7"). Since sitagliptin has shown excellent selectivity and "in vivo" efficacy it urged researches to inspect the new structure of DPP-4 inhibitors with appended β-amino acid moiety. Further studies are being developed to optimize these compounds for the treatment of diabetes.
In October 2006 Sitagliptin became the first DPP-4 inhibitor that got FDA approval for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. Crystallographic structure of sitagliptin along with molecular modeling has been used to continue the search for structurally diverse inhibitors. A new potent, selective and orally bioavailable DPP-4 inhibitor was discovered by replacing the central cyclohexylamine in sitagliptin with 3-aminopiperidine. A 2-pyridyl substitution was the initial SAR breakthrough since that group plays a significant role in potency and selectivity for DPP-4.
It has been shown with an X-ray crystallography how sitagliptin binds to the DPP-4 complex:
1. The trifluorophenyl group occupies the S1-pocket
2. The trifluoromethyl group interacts with the side chains of residues Arg358 and Ser209.
3. The amino group forms a salt bridge with Tyr662 and the carboxylated groups of the two glutamate residues, Glu205 and Glu206.
4. The triazolopiperazine group collides with the phenyl group of residue Phe357
Constrained phenylethylamine compounds.
Researchers at Abbott Laboratories identified three novel series of DPP-4 inhibitors using HTS. After more research and optimization ABT-341 was discovered ("Figure 8"). It is a potent and selective DPP-4 inhibitor with a 2D-structure very similar to sitagliptin. However, the 3D-structure is quite different. ABT-341 also has a trifluorophenyl group that occupies the S1-pocket and the free amino group, but the two carbonyl groups are orientated 180° away from each other. ABT-341 is also believed to interact with the Tyr547, probably because of steric hindrance between the cyclohexenyl ring and the tyrosine side-chain.
Pyrrolidine compounds.
The pyrrolidine type of DPP-4 inhibitors was first discovered after HTS. Research showed that the pyrrolidine rings were the part of the compounds that fit into the binding site. Further development has led to fluoro substituted pyrrolidines that show superior activity, as well as pyrrolidines with fused cyclopropylrings that are highly active.
Xanthine-based compounds.
This is a different class of inhibitors that were identified with HTS. Aromatic heterocyclic-based DPP-4 inhibitors have gained increased attention recently. The first patents describing xanthines ("Figure 10") as DPP-4 inhibitors came from Boehringer-Ingelheim(BI) and Novo Nordisk.
When xanthine based DPP-4 inhibitors are compared with sitagliptin and vildagliptin it has shown a superior profile. Xanthines are believed to have higher potency, longer-lasting inhibition and longer-lasting improvement of glucose tolerance.
Alogliptin.
Alogliptin ("Figure 9") is a novel DPP-4 inhibitor developed by the Takeda Pharmaceutical Company. Researchers hypothesized that a quinazolinone based structure ("Figure 9") would have the necessary groups to interact with the active site on the DPP-4 complex. Quinazolinone based compounds interacted effectively with the DPP-4 complex, but suffered from low metabolic half-life. It was found that when replacing the quinazolinone with a pyrimidinedione, the metabolic stability was increased and the result was a potent, selective, bioavailable DPP-4 inhibitor named alogliptin. The quinazoline based compounds showed potent inhibition and excellent selectivity over related protease, DPP-8. However, short metabolic half-life due to oxidation of the A-ring phenyl group was problematic. At first, the researchers tried to make a fluorinated derivative. The derivative showed improved metabolic stability and excellent inhibition of the DPP-4 enzyme. However, it was also found to inhibit CYP 450 3A4 and block the hERG channel. The solution to this problem was to replace the quinazolinone with other heterocycles, but the quinazolinone could be replaced without any loss of DPP-4 inhibition. Alogliptin was discovered when quinazolinone was replaced with a pyrimidinedione. Alogliptin has shown excellent inhibition of DPP-4 and extraordinary selectivity, greater than 10.000 fold over the closely related serine proteases DPP-8 and DPP-9. Also, it does not inhibit the CYP 450 enzymes nor block the hERG channel at concentration up to 30µM. Based on this data, alogliptin was chosen for preclinical evaluation. In January 2007 alogliptin was undergoing the phase III clinical trial and in October 2008 it was being reviewed by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
Linagliptin.
Researchers at BI discovered that using a buty-2-nyl group resulted in a potent candidate, called BI-1356 ("Figure 10"). In 2008 BI-1356 was undergoing phase III clinical trials; it was released as linagliptin in May 2011. X-ray crystallography has shown that that xanthine type binds the DPP-4 complex in a different way than other inhibitors:
1. The amino group also interacts with the Glu205, Glu206 and Tyr662
2. The buty-2-nyl group occupies the S1-pocket
3. The uracil group undergoes a π-stacking interaction with the Tyr547 residue
4. The quinazoline group undergoes a π-stacking interaction with the Trp629 residue
Pharmacology.
The pharmacokinetic properties of sitagliptin and vildagliptin appear unaffected by age, sex or BMI. Clinical researches have shown that sitagliptin and vildagliptin do not have the side effects that tend to follow type 2 diabetes treatment, e.g. weight gain and hyperglycemia, but however, other side effects have been observed, including upper respiratory tract infections, sore throat and diarrhea.

</doc>
<doc id="20208259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208259" title="Aziz Khan">
Aziz Khan

Aziz Khan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20208277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208277" title="1987–88 FDGB-Pokal">
1987–88 FDGB-Pokal

The 1987–88 FDGB-Pokal was the 37th edition of the East German Cup. The competition was won by Berliner FC Dynamo, who beat FC Carl Zeiss Jena 2-0 after extra time.

</doc>
<doc id="20208280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208280" title="Hiding Place (novel)">
Hiding Place (novel)

Hiding Place is a novel by the American writer John Edgar Wideman set in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania during the 1970s. 
The novel tells the story of Tommy, a character who first appeared in Wideman's short story collection "Damballah". Tommy is a party to a bungled smash-and-grab raid that leaves a dead man in a parking lot, so he hides out with Mother Bess, a crazy old woman who lives in Homewood, an African American neighborhood of the East End.
Elements of the character Tommy parallel the life of Wideman's brother Robbie, whose story he relates in a memoir published three years later called "Brothers and Keepers".
"Hiding Place" is the middle volume of what some critics call "The Homewood Trilogy". The other books are "Damballah" and "Sent for You Yesterday". In 1992 the University of Pittsburgh Press published the three in one volume under the title "The Homewood Books". In its preface Wideman admits discomfort with the term trilogy because it implies a plan of linking the volumes, and he claims he did not compose the books that way.

</doc>
<doc id="20208285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208285" title="Holland (publisher)">
Holland (publisher)

Holland (publisher) (Uitgeverij Holland) is an independent Dutch publishing house of books for children and books for adults, founded in 1921 by Jan Bernhard van Ulzen in Amsterdam.
From 1921 until 1951.
After having worked a few years as a sales representative for several publishing houses Jan Berhard van Ulzen established his own publishing business at his home address. The first publications were financed by his wife who had been a successful fashion cutter in Paris. After a few years the business could be located on the canal Herengracht in Amsterdam. In these years Holland specialized in social, Christian publications by original Dutch writers. A few translations were published, for instants (1937) Søren Kierkegaard, (1951) Pär Lagerkvist, and (1940) Denis de Rougemont. Next to books Holland also published a Christian literary magazine called "Opwaartsche Wegen", which was published for 17 years. Poetry was published since 1950 in a series called "De Windroos"
From 1951 until 1981.
In 1955 (Bonte Boekjes series) he started with children’s book. For these scripts he asked poets as he thought the imagination for poetry must be the same as for children’s books. Important writers of these days were Hans Andreus, Paul Biegel, , and .
From 1981 until today.
In 1981 Rolf van Ulzen was assisted by his son Ruurt van Ulzen, who succeeded in 1987. The children’s books were expanded by new Dutch authors, such as:
Translated children's book writers.
From several foreign children’s book writers translations were made, such as:
Others.
Classics like "Greek- and Roman Myths" by Gustav Schwab, Tales of Shakespeare by Charles Lamb and Mary Lamb and small biographies of famous philosophers by Paul Strathern were published in Dutch translation.

</doc>
<doc id="20208286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208286" title="River and Harbors Act of 1914">
River and Harbors Act of 1914

The River and Harbors Act of 1914 expanded the Mississippi River Commission’s jurisdiction to oversee Federal fund distribution to needy States. The act provided money to affected states each year of the Wilson Administration for the building and maintenance of recommended methods of flood control. In addition, the act authorized Federal money to be spent on improving various major harbors along the Eastern Seaboard of the United States, most prominently being New York Harbor. The act also allotted more than $800,000 for the Hudson River banks to be enlarged.

</doc>
<doc id="20208315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208315" title="Steven Harris (cartoonist)">
Steven Harris (cartoonist)

Steven Harris is a British cartoonist and writer, based in London. His first novel, 'Eustace', was published in March 2013.
Career.
Harris contributed the illustrations for a range of books in the Nightingale Press's "Modern Anthropology" range of humorous "Modern Guides", including "Hats" (which he also authored), "Drink", and "Spectacles". 
Harris also authored the long-running web comics "Paper Cuts" and "Eustace", both published on H2G2 under the pseudonym spimcoot. During time spent with an artists' collective in Angoulême, France, he also contributed satirical French cartoons to a daily Charente newspaper, again under the name spimcoot.
His novel length version of the Eustace comics, 'Eustace', was published in hardback by Jonathan Cape in March 2013. It concerns the adventures of a bed-bound boy, joined by a "swelling cast of hoodlums, models, drunkards and politicians". He is currently writing the second book in the Eustace quartet.

</doc>
<doc id="20208317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208317" title="Interval (1973 film)">
Interval (1973 film)

Interval is a 1973 romantic drama film starring Merle Oberon in her final performance.

</doc>
<doc id="20208343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208343" title="Occupancy Permits Act">
Occupancy Permits Act

The Occupancy Permits Act was passed on March 4, 1915 by the 63rd United States Congress. It allowed the U.S. Forest Service to issue to cabin permits at "reasonable rates" to individuals who had had their property taken through eminent domain. Permits could be issued for periods of up to 30 years. 
Purpose.
Rental rates were already low, but this measure was meant to give the federal government further insurance protection with the “Forest Register” which oversaw rates to allow lower rents by lengthening the amount of time contracted to residents. 
It affected private cabins on lands that had, at some point, been designated public. It established reasonable rental rates, with “reasonable” meaning rates that were not too low, allowing those who had lived on the land for years who had had their property taken through eminent domain to continue to reside there for their remaining years.

</doc>
<doc id="20208361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208361" title="Dean Dinwoodey">
Dean Dinwoodey

Dean Dinwoodey (November 12, 1899 - February 7, 1983) was the first president and chairman of BNA (The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc.) and a noted intellectual property law scholar. The Dean Dinwoodey Center for Intellectual Property Studies at The George Washington University in Washington, D.C., bears his name. 
Dinwoodey was born in Idaho Falls, Idaho and received his bachelor’s degree from the University of Utah. He went to Washington to attend The George Washington University School of Law, and during that period took a job at the fledgling BNA. BNA was conceived and established by noted newsman David Lawrence (publisher), founder of U.S. News & World Report, to report on the inner workings of Washington. 
Dinwoodey was a Latter-day Saint. He served a three-year mission in Germany for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
In 1946, when Lawrence wanted to devote his energies to the magazine, he sold BNA to his five top editors. Dean Dinwoodey, together with John D. Stewart (BNA), Ed Donnell, Adolph Magidson, and John Taylor opened up ownership in BNA to the other 279 full-time and 49 part-time employees, founding one of the nation’s first wholly employee-owned corporations. 
Over the 31 years that Dinwoodey was BNA’s chief executive, he was appointed by President Harry Truman during the Korean War to serve on the three-man Salary Stabilization Board, was awarded an honorary law degree from Brigham Young University, and later received the University of Utah’s distinguished alumnus award. 
He had a lifelong interest in the burgeoning body of laws that would govern intellectual property. Today, the Dinwoodey Center, part of the university’s National Law Center, sponsors research and activities on a broad range of intellectual property issues, both domestic and international.
He was the brother-in-law to Annette Richardson Dinwoodey.

</doc>
<doc id="20208364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208364" title="San Cipriano">
San Cipriano

San Cipriano () is a small village located at 200 metres above sea level on the Pacific nearby the port of Buenaventura, Valle del Cauca Department, Colombi. 
Overview.
The town is small and the locals friendly. Swimming in the river and going on nature walks are popular leisure activities. River tubing through the rapids (drifting in large inflatable tyres) is also very popular. There is a small primary school in San Cipriano.
San Cipriano is well known for its unique transportation system; to get there from Cordoba, you must travel using small, flat, open train carts called "brujitas", which use the abandoned railway and are usually made of wood. They are powered either by a hand pump or a motorbike that pulls it.
References
actually San Cipriano is being destroyed: http://www.elpais.com.co/paisonline/ediciones_anteriores/ediciones.php?p=mar212010

</doc>
<doc id="20208391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208391" title="Sent for You Yesterday">
Sent for You Yesterday

Sent for You Yesterday is a novel by the American writer John Edgar Wideman set in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania during the 1970s. 
The novel tells the story of Albert Wilkes, who after seven years on the run, returns to Homewood, an African American neighborhood of the East End.
"Sent for You Yesterday" is the third volume of what some critics call "The Homewood Trilogy". The other books are "Damballah" and "Hiding Place". In 1992 the University of Pittsburgh Press published the three in one volume under the title "The Homewood Books". In its preface Wideman admits discomfort with the term trilogy because it implies a plan of linking the volumes, and he did not compose the books that way.

</doc>
<doc id="20208395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208395" title="River and Harbors Act of 1915">
River and Harbors Act of 1915

The River and Harbors Act of 1915 provided Federal funds for anchorage grounds being built in various rivers and harbors around the country. Many projects were in Maine, Connecticut, New Jersey, and Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="20208406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208406" title="Alexandre Lenoir">
Alexandre Lenoir

Marie Alexandre Lenoir (27 December 1761, Paris – 11 June 1839) was a French archaeologist. Self-taught and devoted to saving France's historic monuments, sculptures and tombs from the ravages of the French Revolution, notably those of Saint-Denis and Sainte-Geneviève.
Life.
The ravages of the Revolution caused the birth of the Musée des monuments français. Thanks to support from Jean Sylvain Bailly, Alexandre Lenoir successfully demanded that all art objects from state properties be gathered together in this museum. These objects were confiscated at different religious houses and stored in a single place to avoid their dispersal and destruction. 
Mandated by the National Constituent Assembly in 1791, he brought together the various objects he sought to conserve in the Convent des Petits Augustins, a building which later was converted to become the École nationale supérieure des beaux-arts.
On 1 August 1793, the National Convention decreed that the tombs of "former kings" should be destroyed. Alexandre Lenoir witnessed the destruction of the royal tombs, with the bones thrown into a ditch. He struggled against revolutionary vandalism and managed to save statues and loot which he stored at the couvent des Petits-Augustins.
In 1795, he opened the Musée des monuments français to the public — he was its administrator for 30 years.
In October 1796, Lenoir was among a number of artists who signed a petition supporting plans to seize works of art from Rome, in response to an early artists' petition orchestrated by Quatremère de Quincy that remonstrated against these plans.
In 1816, under the Bourbon Restoration, he had to return the majority of his collections to their former public and private owners.
His wife Adélaïde née Binart (1771–1832) exhibited at the Salons under the name Lenoir.

</doc>
<doc id="20208424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208424" title="Handball at the 1994 Asian Games">
Handball at the 1994 Asian Games

The Handball events at the 1994 Asian Games were held in Hiroshima, Japan between October 2 and October 16, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20208427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208427" title="Standard Barrel Act For Fruits, Vegetables, and Dry Commodities">
Standard Barrel Act For Fruits, Vegetables, and Dry Commodities

The Standard Barrel Act For Fruits, Vegetables, and Dry Commodities is United States legislation that specified the standard barrel size and measurements for fruits and vegetables, establishing grading standards and inspections for each produce type. It penalized merchants who didn’t use standardized barrels. The act was sponsored by Rep. William E. Tuttle, Jr. (D) of New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="20208433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208433" title="Suh Chong Kang">
Suh Chong Kang

Grand Master Kang Suh Chong came to the United States in the late 1960s. He arrived in New York and was the first president of the American Tae Kwon Do Association. He also served as the Vice President of the International Tae Kwon Do Federation in the late 1970s. Also, he is currently the Chairman of the All American Tae Kwon Do Federation, which is based in Brooklyn, New York. 
Before his death, Chung Do Kwan founder Lee Won Kuk promoted Grand Master Kang Suh Chong to the rank of 10th Dan Black Belt. He was the first one of the original Chung Do Kwan Black Belts to receive this honor. Today, Kang Suh Chong's Tae Kwon Do System continues to grow through the teachings of his three sons, who are also Grand Masters and have their own Tae Kwon Do schools and organizations. On April 10, 2009 Grand Master Kang Suh Chong was inducted into the official Taekwondo Hall of Fame.also [http://www.tkd2009.com/

</doc>
<doc id="20208435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208435" title="Federal Boiler Inspection Act">
Federal Boiler Inspection Act

The Federal Boiler Inspection Act, also called the Railroad Inspection Act, expanded the Boiler Inspection Act of 1911 to include I.C.C. regulation not just of train engine boilers, but of the entire train as well as cargo to ensure safety for workers and passengers.

</doc>
<doc id="20208444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208444" title="William Brown (Tasmanian cricketer)">
William Brown (Tasmanian cricketer)

William Brown (1807 – 28 August 1859) was an English-born cricket player, who emigrated to Australia and played a first-class cricket game for Tasmania. He only played one first-class game in his career, on 4 March 1858 where he had the honour of captaining the team for that match. He had stepped in to replace the previous captain Robert Still in the second game of a two-match series against Victoria, played at the TCA Ground in Hobart.
He lost the toss and was obliged to bowl first, as the Victorian captain, Tom Wills, chose to bat. Brown decided to open the bowling himself, and made an immediate impact. In a devastating opening spell, Brown's lightning fast under arm bowling ripped through the Victorian order virtually unassisted, giving him first innings figures of 7 for 42 off 13 overs. His excellent figures had Victoria scuttled out for a paltry 78 off 26 overs. Despite the excellent bowling effort, Tasmania's batsmen, including Brown who made only 7, could not support the bowlers, and were also skittled, all out for 51, with John Tabart top scoring on 8. Brown again excelled at bowling in Victoria's second innings, taking 8 for 31 including two caught and bowled. Victoria had been dismissed for 67 off 20 overs, leaving Tasmania with a victory target of 95. Once again though, the Victorians demolished Tasmania's batting line-up, bowling the hosts out for just 25, with Brown out for a duck. Despite taking astonishing match figures of 15 for 73, as well as 4 catches, it was to be the only first-class match Brown would ever play.
William Brown died on 28 August 1859 in Hobart, Tasmania, aged 52 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20208445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208445" title="Uniform Bill of Lading Act">
Uniform Bill of Lading Act

The Uniform Bill of Lading Act is a US federal law that changed the Carmack Amendment of 1903 to the Interstate Commerce Act of 1887 by making freight carriers un-limitlessly legally responsible for damages to goods transported while in transit as long as the wronged party filed claim within four months of the damaged freight being delivered. It also made it illegal for a carrier to limit the claims period to any shorter than 90 days.
Also called the “1st Cummins Act” or “1st Cummins Amendment,” it was sponsored by Sen. Albert B. Cummins (R) of Iowa.
The Bill of Lading is an instrument issued by an ocean carrier to a shipper that has three functions, namely it is a receipt for goods shipped (not negotiable), as evidence of the contract of carriage (not the contract), and as a document of title for the goods ( i.e. if you have the Bill of Lading, you own the concerning goods). 
A bill of lading which is clean, indicates that the goods have been properly loaded on board the of the carrier's ship. A bill of lading which is claused, indicates that something is wrong between the goods loaded and the goods listed on the bill. This must be done at the time of loading.
There are two types of bill of lading, a straight bill which is issued to a named consignee that is not negotiable; and an order bill, which is negotiable. 
A quasi-negotiable order bill refers to the fact that if a good is obtained by fraud the person does not have the title of the goods, even though he was unaware of this fraud.

</doc>
<doc id="20208462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208462" title="2009 ATP World Tour Finals">
2009 ATP World Tour Finals

The 2009 ATP World Tour Finals (also known as the 2009 Barclays ATP World Tour Finals for sponsorship reasons) was held in London, United Kingdom between 22 November and 29 November 2009. It was the first time the O2 arena hosted the ATP World Tour Year-End Singles and Doubles Championships.
Qualification.
Spots were awarded to the top seven players highest ranked single players in the world ranking. And The top seven doubles teams in the 2009 ATP Doubles Race. With one spot reserved for Grand Slam champions who finish outside of the top 8, but within the Top 20 players or teams. As this did not happen, the final spot went to the next player or team in the top 8. Two additional players and teams were also in London as alternates in case of withdrawals.
Singles qualification.
On 19 May 2009 after reaching his 7th final of the year at the 2009 Mutua Madrileña Madrid Open, 2009 Australian Open champion Rafael Nadal of Spain was announced as the first qualifier.
Rafael Nadal began the year by winning his first Grand Slam on hardcourt at the Australian Open, defeating Roger Federer in the final 7–5, 3–6, 7–6, 3–6, 6–2, just after defeating Fernando Verdasco in a tournament record 5 hours 14 minutes battle in five sets. Following his Australian Open triumph he reached the final of the ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament losing to Andy Murray. He then revenged his loss by defeating Murray in the final of BNP Paribas Open. He then won three straight titles at the Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters, the Internazionali BNL d'Italia and at the Barcelona Open Banco Sabadell. He then lost in his fourth straight final in the Mutua Madrileña Madrid Open to Federer. He was the four-time defending champion at Roland Garros and had a 31-match winning streak in Paris, broken with a surprise fourth round loss to No. 23-seeded Robin Söderling. He then missed Wimbledon becoming the first player since Ivanišević to not defend his title, and lost his no. 1 ranking to Federer. He then returned at the Rogers Masters but he did not reach a final until the Shanghai ATP Masters 1000 losing to Nikolay Davydenko. He also reached the semifinals of the US Open and the Western & Southern Financial Group Masters. Nadal has a 4–4 record at the championship and reached the semifinals in 2006 and 2007. This is his 3rd appearance
On 5 July – after the 2009 Wimbledon Championships – Roger Federer of Switzerland who won his 15th Slam at the tournament over Andy Roddick was announced as the second qualifier. 
Roger Federer began the year with a loss to Rafael Nadal at the final of the Australian Open. He won his first title of the year at the Mutua Madrileña Madrid Open defeating Nadal in the final. For his first win over Nadal since 2007 and ending Nadal's 5 match winning streak. After Nadal's early exit, Federer snapped up the French Open, beating Robin Söderling 6–1, 7–6, 6–4 in the final to complete the career Grand Slam. At Wimbledon Federer defeated Andy Roddick in the final. It was the longest match in the final of Wimbledon in terms of games 5–7, 7–6, 7–6, 3–6, 16–14. Federer reclaimed the world no. 1 ranking and broke Pete Sampras's Grand Slam record with a 15th Grand Slam. He won his 4th title of the year at the Western & Southern Financial Group Masters defeating Novak Djokovic. He was also a runner-up at the US Open losing to Juan Martín del Potro and the Davidoff Swiss Indoors losing to Djokovic ending his 3 year run at the tournament. He also reached 4 semi-finals at the Internazionali BNL d'Italia, Sony Ericsson Open, BNP Paribas Open and the Qatar ExxonMobil Open. He has a 27–5 record in the championship having won it on 4 occasions in 2003, 2004, 2006 and 2007. This is his 8th appearance. 
On 20 August – After his title in the 2009 Rogers Masters defeating Juan Martín del Potro, Andy Murray of Great Britain was announced as the third qualifier. 
Andy Murray won six titles in the year, more than anyone else. With titles in the Qatar ExxonMobil Open, the ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament, the Sony Ericsson Open. As well as at Queens, in the Rogers Cup and in the Open de Tenis Comunidad Valenciana defeating Mikhail Youzhny. He was also the runner up at the BNP Paribas Open. He missed the Asian Leg due to a wrist injury. At the slams he reached the semifinals for the first time at Wimbledon, as well as the quarterfinals of the French Open for the first time. This is his second appearance with a 3–1 record following his semifinal appearance last year. 
On 10 September – Novak Djokovic of Serbia the defending champion was the Fourth to qualify following his third straight semifinal appearance at the 2009 US Open. 
Novak Djokovic made his tennis do the talking as he won his first title of the year in Dubai Tennis Championships defeating David Ferrer. He then won three other titles in the inaugural Serbia Open defeating Łukasz Kubot, China Open defeating Marin Čilić and in Davidoff Swiss Indoors defeating Roger Federer. He then won his first Masters title of the year at the BNP Paribas Masters over Gaël Monfils. He finished as a runner-up at the Western & Southern Financial Group Masters, Gerry Weber Open, Internazionali BNL d'Italia, Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters and the Sony Ericsson Open. He also made the semifinal of the US Open. He is the Defending champion and has a 4–4 record. This is his 3rd appearance. 
On 15 September – after his first Slam win at the 2009 US Open over Roger Federer, Juan Martín del Potro of Argentina became the fifth qualifier.
Juan Martín del Potro produced a break-out year, as he reached a career-high no. 5 and won his first Slam at the 2009 US Open defeating Roger Federer 3–6, 7–6, 4–6, 7–6, 6–2 in the final. He is also the tallest ever Grand Slam champion and the first player to defeat both Nadal and Federer in the same Grand Slam tournament. He also won two other titles at the Heineken Open defeating Sam Querrey, and the Legg Mason Tennis Classic defeating Andy Roddick. He also reached his first Masters final at the Rogers Cup losing to Andy Murray. He also reached the semi finals at the French Open losing to Federer. Del Potro has a 1–2 record at the championship and is making his 2nd appearance. 
On 20 September – despite an early exit at the US Open, Andy Roddick of the United States was the sixth qualifier.
Andy Roddick won the Regions Morgan Keegan Championships defeating Radek Štěpánek. His major triumph though came at the Wimbledon finishing as runner-up to Roger Federer. He defeated hometown hero Andy Murray and Lleyton Hewitt en route to this final. As well as finishing as a runner up at the Qatar ExxonMobil Open losing to Murray and the Legg Mason Tennis Classic losing to Juan Martín del Potro. At the Slams, he also reached the Semifinals of the Australian Open losing to Federer after defeating Novak Djokovic. Plus making the fourth round of French Open for the first time, losing to Gaël Monfils. This is Andy seventh straight qualificationand his sixth appearance withdrawing in 2005. He has a 8–8 record reaching the semi final in 2003, 2004, and 2007. Roddick withdrew from the tournament due to a left leg injury suffered at the Shanghai Masters. 
On 12 November – After Verdasco fell to Čilić in the third round of the 2009 BNP Paribas Masters last years runner-up Nikolay Davydenko of Russia took one of the last two remaining spots. 
Nikolay Davydenko won his first tournament at the International German Open defeating Paul-Henri Mathieu. The following week he won the ATP Studena Croatia Open Umag defeating Juan Carlos Ferrero. As well as the inaugural Proton Malaysian Open defeating Fernando Verdasco. Davydenko then claimed his 3rd Masters title at the Shanghai ATP Masters 1000 upsetting Rafael Nadal after defeating Novak Djokovic. He well as making the quarterfinals of French Open losing to Söderling. This is his fifth appearance with a 8–7 record. His best performance came last year as he reached the final losing to Novak Djokovic. 
On 13 November after both Söderling and Tsonga fell to Djokovic and Nadal respectively in the quarterfinals of the 2009 BNP Paribas Masters Australian Open semifinalist Fernando Verdasco occupied the last remaining spot.
Fernando Verdasco started the year well with a semifinal appearance Australian Open losing to Rafael Nadal in a tournament record 5 hour 14 minute battle after five sets. He claimed his third title of his career in the Pilot Pen Tennis prevailing over Sam Querrey. He was also the runner up in the Brisbane International losing to Radek Štěpánek and the Malaysian Open losing to Nikolay Davydenko. Verdasco is making his debut at the championship. 
After Roddick's withdrawal due to left leg injury on 17 November Robin Söderling was announced as his replacement. 
Robin Söderling 's highlight of the year was reaching the French Open final. After becoming the first player to defeat Rafael Nadal at the Roland Garros. He won his only title of the year at the Catella Swedish Open defeating Juan Mónaco. He reached 4 semifinals as well at the Heineken Open, Proton Malaysian Open, China Open, and the If Stockholm Open. Soderling is making his debut at the event.
The two alternate spots were up for grabs. With the first one was taken by Jo-Wilfried Tsonga who won 3 titles including the SA Tennis Open defeating Jérémy Chardy, the Open 13 defeating Michaël Llodra and at the AIG Japan Open Tennis Championships defeating Mikhail Youzhny. His highlight at the slams was the quarterfinals of the Australian Open losing to Fernando Verdasco. The second spot was taken by Fernando González, who won the 2009 Movistar Open over José Acasuso 6–1 6–3. As well as reaching the semifinals of the French Open losing to Robin Söderling. 
Doubles qualification.
The first two teams qualified for the year-end doubles tournament on 5 July. They were the defending champions Daniel Nestor of Canada and Nenad Zimonjić of Serbia and the American brother duo of Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan from the United States following their doubles final at the 2009 Wimbledon. 
Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić played their second full tour together. They started with back-to-back runner-up finishes at the Qatar ExxonMobil Open and at the Medibank International Sydney to the Bryans. They claimed their first title of the year at the ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament. They then claimed three back-to-back titles at Monte-Carlo and Internazionali BNL d'Italia and the Barcelona Open Banco Sabadell. They claimed their fourth title at the Mutua Madrileña Madrid Open. The Canadian-Serbian duo hit back from a two-set deficit in The Championships semi-finals at Wimbledon, against James Blake and Mardy Fish, before edging the Bryans in a four-set final. They won their 7th and 8th titles at the Western & Southern Financial Group Masters and at the Davidoff Swiss Indoors. They won their 9th title and 5th Masters of the year, at the BNP Paribas Masters, and reached the semifinals of the French Open. They have a record of 5 and 0. With a best of Champions last year, this is their 2nd appearance.
Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan began with back-to-back titles in Australia by winning the Medibank International Sydney and winning their 7th Slam at the Australian Open. They won their third title of the year at the Delray Beach International Tennis Championships. The brothers added the U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships. They won the LA Tennis Open and China Open. They also reached 5 other finals, Monte-Carlo, Internazionali BNL d'Italia, Wimbledon, Western & Southern Financial Group and Davidoff. They were the only team to reach the semifinal or better at all 4 slams. Bob Bryan also won the French Open Mixed Doubles playing with Liezel Huber. This is their 10th appearance.
On 10 September the teams of Mahesh Bhupathi/Mark Knowles and Lukáš Dlouhý/Leander Paes following the US Open finals, the two teams are competing in their second straight year-end championship.
Mahesh Bhupathi and Mark Knowles' only win came at the Rogers cup. They also finished as runner-up at the Australian Open and at the US Open. As well as at the Barcelona Open Banco Sabadell. Separately Bhupathi won the Australian mixed doubles with Mirza. Knowles won the Regions Morgan Keegan Championships with Fish and the Wimbledon mixed doubles with Anna-Lena Grönefeld. and the final of the China Open with Roddick.
Lukáš Dlouhý and Leander Paes won two out of four Grand Slams. They won the French Open. and the US Open. They finished as runner-ups at ABN AMRO. They reached the Australian Open semifinals. Paes separately reached and lost three finals, the Heineken Open with Scott Lipsky and the Mixed doubles finals of both Wimbledon and the US Open with Cara Black.
The last four qualifiers were decided at the 2009 BNP Paribas Masters. They were Łukasz Kubot/Oliver Marach, František Čermák/Michal Mertiňák, Max Mirnyi/Andy Ram only after Wesley Moodie/Dick Norman were ousted. Mariusz Fyrstenberg/Marcin Matkowski qualified after winning their quarterfinal match-up against the Bryans.
Łukasz Kubot and Oliver Marach claimed three doubles titles, in their debut year. They took the Grand Prix Hassan II, the Serbia Open and the Bank Austria-TennisTrophy. They also reached the final of the Abierto Mexicano Telcel. At the Slams, they were able to reach their first Major semifinals at the Australian.
František Čermák and Michal Mertiňák, in their first year on tour together, won 5 titles., the Abierto Mexicano Telcel, the MercedesCup, at the ATP Studena Croatia Open Umag, the BCR Open Romania, and finally at the Valencia Open 500. They also reached the finals of the Movistar Open.
Max Mirnyi and Andy Ram reached three finals, all Masters 1000 events. They won one of these finals at the Sony Ericsson and lost the BNP Paribas Open and the Rogers Masters. They reached the US Open semifinal. Ram separately finished as runner-up at the Australian mixed doubles with Nathalie Dechy and at the Open 13 with Julian Knowle.
Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski won the Aegon International and the Malaysian Open. They also reached the finals of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic.
Groupings.
The tournament was conducted in a round robin format. The eight players/teams divided in two groups. The eight seeds were determined by the South African Airways ATP Rankings and the 2009 ATP Doubles Team Rankings of Monday, 16 November 2009. The top seed was placed in Group A and the second seed placed in Group B. Players/teams seeded three and four, five and six, seven and eight, were then drawn in pairs placing the first drawn in Group A.
Singles grouping.
Group A: Consisted of Roger Federer, Andy Murray, Juan Martín del Potro and Fernando Verdasco. Against the rest of the group, Roger Federer was 12–7, Andy Murray was 17–5, Juan Martín del Potro was 2–10 and Fernando Verdasco was 1–10.
Andy Murray led 6–3 against Federer, having won 4 of their last 5 meetings at that point. Murray was 4–1 against del Potro and 7–1 over Verdasco. Federer was 3–0 against Verdasco and 6–1 over del Potro. Verdasco and del Potro faced each other for the first time.
Group B: Against the rest of the group, Rafael Nadal was 21–10, Novak Djokovic 13–16, Nikolay Davydenko 8–12 and Robin Söderling 7–11.
Nadal was 14–6 with Djokovic. Nadal led 4–3 against Davydenko. Nadal edged Soderling, 3–1. Djokovic was tied with Davydenko at 2–2, and was 5-0 against Söderling. Söderling led Davydenko 6–3 including 5 of their last 6 meetings.
Doubles grouping.
Group A: Nestor/Zimonjić were joined by Bhupathi/Knowles, Čermák/Michal Mertiňák and Fyrstenberg/Matkowski. Against the rest of the group Nestor/Zimonjić were 8–3, whilst Bhupathi/Knowles were 7–1. Čermák/Mertiňák were 0–1 and Frystenberg/Matkowski were 2–8.
Nestor/Zimonjic were 3–1 against Bhupathi/Knowles, 4–2 against Fyrstenberg/Matkowski and 1–0 against Cermak/Mertinak. Bhupathi and Knowles had never played Cermak/Mertinak but were 4 and 0 against Fyrstenberg/Matkowski. Cermak/Merinak had never faced Fyrstenberg/Matkowski.
Group B: Against the rest of the group the Bryans were 7–3, while Dlouhý/Paes were 1–3 while Ram/Mirnyi were at 2–2 and Kubot and Marach were 0–3.
The Bryans were 3–1 up against Dlouhý/Paes, 2–2 with Ram/Mirnyi and 3–0 against Kubot/Marach. Ram/Mirnyi and Dlouhý/Paes had never faced their other opponents.
Player head-to-heads.
This are the head-to-heads as they approach the tournament.
Round robin.
Day 1: 22 November 2009.
The tournament started with group A doubles action. In the opening match the top doubles team and defending champions Nestor/Zimonjić being upset by Fyrstenberg/Matkowski 6–4, 6–4. The Polish team faced no break points.
In the first singles match, 2008 semifinalist Murray fought del Potro. Murray went up 5–0 over Del Potro, who took a medical timeout at 3–0, for a nosebleed. Del Potro went down 15–40, but eventually saved two set points and won the game. At 5–1, on the second break point Del Potro challenged Murray's apparent ace and won the break. Both players then held, giving Murray the first set 6–3. In the second set, Del Potro looked rejuvenated taking the first 3 games; breaking at love in the second game. Murray broke in the 5th game to bring it back to serve. The Argentine broke again and held to lead 5–2. Both players held, requiring a third set. The decider saw a change of roles as Murray broke in the second game at his second chance to lead 3–0. The servers held the next four games to 5–2. At 5–2 Del Potro went down 15–30, and then double-faulted, giving Murray 2 match points. Murray converted the second.
Number 3 Bhupathi/Knowles dominated Čermák/Mertiňák 6–3, 6–3.
Federer/Verdasco started with Verdasco breaking Federer and holding to lead 2–0. At 3–2, Verdasco was warned for taking too much time. Verdasco held for a 4–2 lead. In the next game Federer saved two break points. The two players then held, giving Verdasco the set 6–4. In the second set both players held serve comfortably to 6–5, when Federer broke to win the set 7–5. In the 3rd, Federer took a 5–0 lead and won 4–6, 7–5, 6–1.
Day 2: 23 November 2009.
Nadal/Söderling was a sequel to the 4th round of the French. Söderling broke in the second game and led 3–0, quickly reversed by Nadal for 3–3. From there both players held to 5–4. At 40–30 Nadal made three unforced errors, giving Söderling the first at 6–4. In the second set Nadal broke in the 3rd game for 2–1. Nadal then saved two break points before Söderling challenged a backhand from Nadal. Both players then held. At 5–4 Nadal faced match point at 30–40, which Söderling converted to win the set 6–4 and the match.
The final match repeated last year's final pitting Djokovic against Davydenko. At 2–2 in the 1st Davydenko broke at love. Then the Russian saved one break point for 4–2. Both then held. Djokovic faced two set points and gave Davydenko the first set 6–3. At 2–2 on serve in the 2nd Davydenko saved two break points to lead 3–2. At 4–4 Davydenko's unforced errors gave Djokovic a break and he served out the set 6–4. In the decider Djokovic broke early for 2–0. He served for the match at 5–4 but Davydenko broke back. Djokovic broke back and served the match out.
The doubles competition produced two upsets as Mirnyi/Ram beat World no. 2 the Bryans 6–4, 6–4. Kubot/Marach defeated Dlouhý/Paes in straight sets.
Day 3: 24 November 2009.
The next day del Potro and Verdasco played each other for the first time. In the 3rd game del Potro broke at 15. Both held giving del Potro the first set 6–4. At 4–3 in the second Verdasco converted the first break point to lead 5–3. Verdasco won 6–3 triggering a deciding set. Verdasco went down 3–2 and 0–40. He saved 2 break points but at 30–40, del Potro challenged a Verdasco forehand called in. Hawk-Eye reversed the call giving del Potro a 4–2 lead. Verdasco saved match point at 5–2, then Verdasco broke and held to level the set at 5–5. Del Potro won the eventual tie-break 7–1.
Federer then took on Murray. Both players immediately broke, then at 3–2 Federer held only 2 of 3 break points. The first set went to Murray 6–3. In the 6th game of the second set the Swiss was able to break and served it out for 6–3. Federer then broke in the third, fifth and seventh games to finish 6–1.
Bhupathi/Knowles outlasted Fyrstenberg/Matkowski 3–6, 6–3, [10–7], taking them to the semifinal. Defending champions Nestor/Zimonjić lost to Čermák/Mertiňák 6–3, 6–4.
Day 4: 25 November 2009.
First Söderling battled Djokovic. No break opportunities emerged until 5–4 when Djokovic saved 3. In the following tie-break, the Swede took a 2–0 lead and then the Serb took three. Söderling got a mini-break for 6–4, and won at 7–5. Djokovic then won the opening game but then Söderling won the next six to advance to the Semifinal.
The next match was a Shanghai final rematch between Davydenko and Nadal. Davydenko raced into a 3–0 lead. In the 6th game Davydenko broke again, and served it out at 6–1. Davydenko broke Nadal in the 5th game of the 2nd and then saved two break points in the 6th for 4–2. Nadal then broke Davydenko to level it at 4–4. Both held through to a tie break. Nadal got a mini-break for 2–1, but gave it back for 3–3. Davydenko then broke for 5–3. Davydenko converted his second match point to win at 7–4. For the first time in his World Tour Finals history, Nadal failed to reach the semifinal.
In Doubles, in the first match Kubot/Marach outlasted Mirnyi/Ram in a marathon 4–6, 6–4, [16–14] to advance in the top spot. The second match saw the Bryans eliminated Dlouhý/Paes.
Day 5: 26 November 2009.
Murray played Verdasco, hoping for a straight set shot through to the semi final, leaving Federer and Del Potro to fight for the other spot. A loss for Murray would eliminate him. And a 3 set win required a complicated tie break.
In the first 8 games, Murray failed to convert multiple break points. In the 9th game, Murray finally succeeded and served it out for 6–4. Verdasco saved break points in the fifth game for 3–2. Verdasco saved two more break points in the 11th game, leading to a tie-break. Verdasco won the early lead 4–2 but Murray recovered to reach 4–5 on serve. Verdasco won the next point before Murray double faulted to give Verdasco the set. In the third Verdaso save the only break point in the second. Verdasco double faulted to give Murray a 4–2 lead who held on to win the breaker 7–3.
The last match repeated US Open final as Federer took on del Potro. Del Potro broke in the 1st and 5th games thanks to a Federer double fault, winning the opening set 6–2. Federer saved a break point in the next game, eventually reaching a tie break. Del Potro claimed a 4–2 lead, but Federer fought back to win 7–5. That put Federer into the semi final. Murray needed Federer to win 4 games in the final set for him to advance but Federer did not oblige. At 4–3 Federer went down 0–40. He saved one break point but del Potro got the next and closed out the match 6–3.
Murray was thereby out, with Federer and del Potro advancing. The 3 players won the same number of matches and leaving it to game percentage. All of the Group A matches went 3 sets.
In the doubles Nestor/Zimonjić were eliminated despite claiming their first victory over Bhupathi/Knowles at 6–4, 7–6. The second match saw Čermák/Mertiňák move on by defeating Fyrstenberg/Matkowski, finishing second in the group.
Day 6: 27 November 2009.
Nadal began the day by taking on Djokovic. Djokovic broke in the opening game. Nadal struck back in the next game after Djokovic saved two break points. In the third game, Djokovic broke again. In the next game, Djokovic held, taking a 3–1 lead. Nadal held and then broke. Both players then held to force a tie-break. Djokovic took the mini-break to lead 4–2 and held on for 7–5. Djokovic broke for the fourth time, gaining a 3–1 lead. Djokovic took the match at 6–3.
Söderling still had to battle Davydenko, who was trying to claim the second semifinal berth. In the 7th game Davydenko failed to convert break points, as did Söderling in the next 8th, eventually leading to a tie break. There were no mini-breaks until the changeover, which was followed by three straight, giving Davydeno the set 7–4. In the 9th game of the second set Söderling broke at love and won the set 6–4, viging him the top spot in Group B. At 3–2 in the final set Davydenko broke to lead 5–2. Söderling held. At 5–3 with two match points, Davydenko double-faulted, but converted the next match point to win 6–3. This win meant that Davydenko would face Federer, becoming the only 2008 singles semifinalist to go through to the 2009 semifinals.
In doubles, Dlouhý/Paes lost their final round robin match to Mirnyi/Ram 7–6, 6–4. Then the Bryans had to win their match against Kubot/Marach in straight sets to reach the semi final, which they did 6–3, 6–4.
Finals.
Day 7: 28 November 2009.
Play began between Federer and last year's runner-up Davydenko. Federer had won all 12 prior encounters. Davydenko saved two early break points. In the next game. Davydenko broke, then held and broke again at love. Federer broke back immediately for 2–4. Federer saved only one of two break points, for a third consecutive break. Davydenko held for 6–2. At 5–5, Davydenko converted a break point and in the next game saved one of his own before serving it out in his first win over Federer.
In the evening semifinal, Söderling played del Potro, having split their last two meetings. In the third game, Söderling saved three break points from 0–40 for 2–1. Both players continued to hold, creating a tie-break. Söderling went up 5–0, before winning it 7–1. At 4–3 in the second set, del Potro broke Söderling and held on for 6–3. The third set saw Söderling break to lead 4–2 and del Potro break for 4–3. From there, both players held. In the tie-break, del Potro went up 4–0 lead and won 7–3.
Mirnyi/Ram defeated Čermák/Mertiňák 6–4, 7–6 to reach the finals. Then, there was an Australian Open final rematch pitting the Bryans against Bhupathi/Knowles. The result was the same, with the Bryan twins taking it 6–4, 6–4.
Day 8: 29 November 2009.
The Bryans got a first set chest bump after taking the first set point on a down-the-middle backhand. A single break in game eight of the second set was enough for the brothers to serve for the match. The pair thrilled to have regained the title and the top ranking.
Finally, del Potro and Davydenko having both defeated Soderling, Federer, and one Spaniard along the way faced off. This was their fourth meeting, with Davydenko leading 2–1. Davydenko broke at his second chance and then easily served out the set. In the second set at 2–2, del Potro saved a break point. Davydenko did the same, for 3–3. At 4–4 Davydenko broke at love. Davydenko then served the match out for a 6–3, 6–4 win. This was Davydenko's biggest title to date.
Del Potro commented "Congratulations Nikolay, you had a great week, you beat everyone and you're a great champion. Thank you the crowd, you support me a lot and helped me. I hope to see you next year." Davydenko added; "Yeah!... I just want to congratulate Martin: he had a big season. For me it was amazing, coming in as number seven and winning the tournament. I surprised myself. Maybe I now have English fans... I hope. I really enjoy coming to London, I will try to come back again." He also added "Trophy, it's always something important, you know, in career for the tennis player. Something important for me because Federer I beat in semifinals. It was a great match, good feeling. Never beat him before. And beat him once here in semifinals. But, you know, finals different".

</doc>
<doc id="20208463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208463" title="The Hope That Kills You">
The Hope That Kills You

The Hope That Kills You is a studio album by the band Palm Springs. It is the band's second long-playing record, featuring earlier singles "I Start Fires" (2007), "Blood and Water" (2008) and "Free Atlas" (2009).
Personnel.
All tracks on the album were written and performed by Cane and Russo with the following additional personnel:

</doc>
<doc id="20208465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208465" title="Indian self-determination">
Indian self-determination

Indian self-determination can refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="20208474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208474" title="International Stress Prevention Center">
International Stress Prevention Center

The International Stress Prevention Centre (aka CSPC or Community Stress Prevention Centre) established in 1981 Kiryat Shmona, Israel, CSPC is the oldest organization in Israel that deals with the treatment and prevention of psychotrauma. It is a registered NGO and a non for profit organization (NGO 58-015-488-8, 0740) – which promotes stress and crisis management on national, organizational, community and individual levels world wide. 
CSPC caters to differentiating circumstances – human or natural disasters, and to a variety of organizational orientations including business environments where CSPC experts evaluate and consult on business recovery and risk communications management plans.
See also.
Mooli Lahad - Founder of the Community Stress Prevention Centre

</doc>
<doc id="20208494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208494" title="Andrew Bailey (banker)">
Andrew Bailey (banker)

Andrew John Bailey (born March 30, 1959) is a British banker, who was the Executive Director Banking and Chief Cashier at the Bank of England from January 2004 until April 2011. He is a member of the Governor's Executive Team, which is the bank's senior management group. As Chief Cashier, Bailey's signature appeared on bank notes issued by the bank during his appointment. He currently serves as the Bank's Deputy Governor for Prudential Regulation.
Bailey attended Wyggeston Boys' Grammar School, Leicester from where he went to Queens' College, Cambridge, where he gained a BA and a PhD. He then became a research officer at the London School of Economics, before joining the Bank of England in 1985.
He has worked at the Bank in a number of areas, most recently as Executive Director for Banking Services and Chief Cashier, as well as Head of the Bank’s Special Resolution Unit (SRU). Previous roles include Governor’s Private Secretary, and Head of the International Economic Analysis Division in Monetary Analysis.
Since the onset of the financial crisis in August 2007 and until April 2011, Bailey was responsible for the Bank’s special operations to resolve problems in the banking sector, and in 2009 was Chairman and Chief Executive of Dunfermline Building Society Bridge Bank Ltd. His involvement in special operations also extended to taking responsibility for the so-called London Approach, in which the Bank uses its influence to seek resolution of problems in company refinancing and other such issues. Bailey was a member of the Governor’s Executive Team.
On 1 April 2013 Bailey became the Chief Executive of the new Prudential Regulation Authority and the first Deputy Governor of the Bank of England for Prudential Affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20208515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208515" title="Tengiz Amirejibi">
Tengiz Amirejibi

Tengiz (Gizi) Amirejibi () (30 September 1927, Tbilisi – 9 March 2013) was a Georgian pianist best known for his interpretations of Chopin. 
Life.
He was a professor at the Georgian conservatory from 1960 to his death in 2013. 
Amirejibi received the title of Peoples’ artist of Georgia in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="20208535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208535" title="List of RC Strasbourg seasons">
List of RC Strasbourg seasons

Below is a list of RC Strasbourg's seasons since the club creation in 1906.
Total.
As of 20 July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20208536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208536" title="Pierre-Maximilien Delafontaine">
Pierre-Maximilien Delafontaine

Pierre-Maximilien Delafontaine (1777, Paris - 1 December 1860, Paris) was a French painter. After a long illness he re-established himself as a bronze sculptor.
Life.
The son of Jean-Baptiste-Maximilien Delafontaine and Marie-Louise de La Brière, he studied under David. He exhibited at the Paris Salons 1798 and 1799. According to the Salon catalogues, he lived at 123 rue Saint-Honoré, in the Hôtel d'Aligre. On 23 June 1800 he married Émilie-Claude Herbillon from the Pont-sur-Seine.

</doc>
<doc id="20208537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208537" title="Asian Club Championship and AFC Champions League records and statistics">
Asian Club Championship and AFC Champions League records and statistics

This page details statistics of the Asian Club Championship and AFC Champions League.
General performances.
Number of participating clubs of the Champions League era.
The following is a list of clubs that have played in the Champions League. The list is arrayed in alphabetical order of nation. (2013 season's participated clubs are included.)
Team in Bold: qualified for knockout phase
Clubs.
By semifinal appearances.
Excluding from 1987-88 season to 1989-90 season's semifinalists. In these seasons's semifinalists are five or six teams. 
Unbeaten sides.
Fourteen clubs have won the Cup unbeaten, only three teams have done this twice:
Winning other trophies.
Champions league and regional league
Champions league and domestic league
Champions league and domestic cup
Champions league and domestic league cup
Specific group stage records.
6 wins.
Three teams have won all their games in a group stage; these are:
Four teams have won all their games in a group stage (not 6 games); these are:
6 draws.
No team
6 losses.
Five teams have lost all their games in a group stage; these are:
Five teams have lost all their games in a group stage (not 6 games); these are:
Players.
Goalscoring.
All-time top goalscorers.
From 2002-03 season and excluding qualifying games
Top scorer awards.
The top scorer award is for the player who amassed the most goals in the tournament, excluding the qualifying rounds.

</doc>
<doc id="20208541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208541" title="Václav Jehlička">
Václav Jehlička

Václav Jehlička (born on 24 March 1948 in Domažlice) is a Czech politician. In 1996 he was elected a member of the Senate and from January 2007 to May 2009 he was Minister of Culture.
He worked as a teacher until 1990. Then he served two full terms as Mayor of Telč from 1990 to 1998 and a half term from 2001 to 2002.
Jehlička is a graduate of the University of South Bohemia. He's married and has five children.

</doc>
<doc id="20208576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208576" title="Adam Foulds">
Adam Foulds

Adam Foulds ( ; born 1974) is a British novelist and poet. 
Biography.
Foulds was educated at Bancroft's School, read English at St Catherine's College, Oxford under Craig Raine, and graduated with an MA in creative writing from the University of East Anglia in 2001. 
In 2007, Foulds published his first book, "The Truth About These Strange Times". The novel, which is set in the present day, is concerned in part with the World Memory Championships. 
In 2008, Foulds published a substantial narrative poem entitled "The Broken Word", described by the critic Peter Kemp as a "verse novella". It is a fictional version of some events during the Mau Mau Uprising. Writing in "The Guardian", David Wheatley suggested that "The Broken Word is a moving and pitiless depiction of the world as it is rather than as we might like it to be, and the terrible things we do to defend our place in it". 
In 2009, his novel "The Quickening Maze" was published. Recommending the work in a 'books of the year' survey, novelist Julian Barnes declared: 'Having last year greatly admired Adam Foulds's long poem "The Broken Word", I uncharitably wondered whether his novel "The Quickening Maze" (Cape) might allow me to tacitly advise him to stick to verse. Some hope: this story of the Victorian lunatic asylum where the poet John Clare and Tennyson's brother Septimus were incarcerated is the real thing. It's not a "poetic novel" either, but a novelistic novel, rich in its understanding and representation of the mad, the sane, and that large overlapping category in between'.
On 7 January 2010, he was published on the Guardian Website's "Over by Over" (OBO) coverage of day five of the Third Test of the South Africa v England series at Newlands, Cape Town. Foulds's published email corrected the OBO writer, Andy Bull, who, in the 77th over, posted lines by Donne in reference to Ian Ronald Bell in verse form: "No doubt I won't be the first pedant to let you know that the Donne you quote is in fact from a prose meditation. The experiment in retrofitting twentieth century free verse technique to it is interesting but the line breaks shouldn't really be there."
In 2013 he was included in the Granta list of 20 best young writers.

</doc>
<doc id="20208578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208578" title="François Falc'hun">
François Falc'hun

François Falc'hun (1901–1991) was a controversial French linguist known for his theories about the origin of the Breton language. He was also an ordained Canon in the Catholic clergy. 
Falc'hun was professor at the Universities of Rennes and Brest. Contrary to the mainstream opinion of linguists, Falc'hun took the view that Breton was derived from the Gaulish form of Continental Celtic, and not from the Brythonic Celtic introduced by British migrants. He was accused of using linguistics to promote a French nationalist political agenda.
Theories.
Falc'hun's early work included an edition of the writings of Jean-Marie Perrot. He created a particular Breton orthography (known as "university" orthography) which was intended to replace the spelling system known as "Peurunvan", used from 1911 to 1941. His spelling, which does not use "zh", also abandons the Breton "c'h" convention, introduced in the seventeenth century, and which is even used in the official French form of Falc'hun's own name.
In 1951 Falc'hun developed his view that Breton developed from native Gaulish, arguing that the incoming Britons encountered a Gaulish-speaking rather than Latin-speaking population, and that the two variants of Celtic merged. Criticising the views of Joseph Loth and Léon Fleuriot, Falc'hun claimed that the Vannetais dialect of eastern Breton was almost wholly Gaulish. "I am convinced that the dialect of Vannes, especially in southern Blavet, is a Gallic survival, little influenced by British contributions, and other dialects are simply Gaulish marked by the language of origin of the island immigrants".
Controversy.
Falc'hun's views became controversial after the publication of his 1981 book, "Perspectives nouvelles sur l’histoire de la langue bretonne" (New Perspectives on the History of the Breton Language), in which his theories were linked to nationalist ideology. It was published in a series entitled "The nation in question", as part of several texts entitled "the critical national ideology of...". These books were published in the context of a struggle against Breton nationalism, which sought to emphasise that the Bretons were non-French. Because of this, Falc'hun became a hate figure among Breton nationalists. According to his friend Françoise Morvan, he suffered numerous "telephone harassment campaigns".
Léon Fleuriot has accepted Falc'hun's view that Breton was influenced by surviving local forms of Celtic, but rejects Falc'hun's argument that Vannetais is native Gaulish.

</doc>
<doc id="20208597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208597" title="Simon Young (presenter)">
Simon Young (presenter)

Simon Young is a former Irish radio and television presenter with RTÉ 2fm. He presented "The Beatbox". He was also known for making contributions to the cult children's television strand, "Dempsey's Den", hosted by his radio colleague at that time, Ian Dempsey. He resigned from RTÉ in 2002 and disappeared from public until 2011.
Young is distinguished by his moustache which he grew when he was 15 after noticing in the "RTÉ Guide" that people who worked in RTÉ had moustaches. Tony Fenton affectionally calls him "Simes." 
Career.
Young presented "Simon's Choice" or "Simon's Saturday Choice" on Saturday mornings from 10:00 - 13:00 in the late 1980s. The catchphrase "Hey Simon, What toime is ittt?" originates from this time. "Choice" was a marketing tool used by the Bank of Ireland, which offered cheap "Fair Cards" for under-26s who opened a "Choice" account at one of their branches. Young gave the British band Bros his approval as they gained minor success with the song, "When Will I Be Famous?". Young made regular substitute appearances for Ian Dempsey, and these appearances extended as far as the children's television favourite "Dempsey's Den" on RTÉ Two. He was often seen in convulsions laughing at Dustin the Turkey, which at times rendered him speechless on camera. Young's other radio shows included "The Beatbox" and the "2FM Weekend Breakfast Show" on Saturday and Sunday in the late 1990s. Young also filled the role of Jimmy in the 30-minute "Jimmy's Slot" for a time on Dempsey's 2fm breakfast show in the 1990s, popularising the phrase "Ger owa dat garden!" After Young left 2fm, the station continued broadcasting "Ireland's Biggest Jukebox", currently fronted by station controller John Clarke.
Young resigned from RTÉ in 2002. He returned to the public in July 2011 when he gave an interview to "Hot Press".
Young appeared on RTÉ Radio 1's "The John Murray Show" in August 2011 and talked about his battle with depression and marriage breakdown. He said during the interview that he had been hospitalised for half of the previous nine years. "The Irish Times" called the interview with Young the "radio moment of the week ... Easy listening it was not."

</doc>
<doc id="20208613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208613" title="Staiths South Bank">
Staiths South Bank

Staiths South Bank is a part completed housing development in Gateshead, England, designed in collaboration with fashion designers Wayne & Gerardine Hemingway, (known for their Red or Dead fashion label).
Location.
This site occupies land adjacent to the Dunston Staithes on the south bank of the River Tyne in Gateshead.
The Staiths is a large multi-level timber structure built out into the river on a curved planform, originally built to load bulk materials, (particularly coal), from railway carriages on railway tracks into merchant vessels moored alongside.
The curved shape of the Staiths encloses part of the river to form a protected basin. This section of the river is subject to tidal influence and the usable basin area therefore varies with the tide. The mud exposed at low tide is an important wading ground for coastal birds.
History.
After a long period of industrial use throughout the 19th and 20th centuries, including development of a large gasworks for the production of town gas from coal, the site became disused. In order to regenerate the area, Gateshead Council included the site in the Gateshead Garden Festival, held between May and October 1990.
Remediation for the purposes of the Garden Festival was restricted to regrading and capping to provide a suitable medium for planting. This included the use of earth mounding to cover the remaining buried structures, such as gasometer bases.
Following the Garden Festival the site was sold to a subsidiary of the Sir Robert McAlpine civil engineering business. Part of the site was designated an Enterprise Zone in order to encourage new employment uses but repeated marketing over nearly a decade failed to attract any commercial or industrial buyers for the site. Gateshead Council's original intention was that the site would be taken up for a major employment use. Japanese construction equipment manufacturer Komatsu had sponsored the Japanese Garden on the site for the Festival and would have fitted this expectation but concentrated their production capacity in nearby Birtley instead.
After years of lying vacant awaiting a use, a final remarketing exercise was undertaken by local land agents in 1999. This invited offers for any use, with the intention of changing the Council's expectations for an employment use on the site. As a result of this process, the North East region of Wimpey Homes made an acceptable financial offer based on redevelopment of the land for housing.
Reclamation and redevelopment.
Initially, use of the land for housing was considered undesirable by the local statutory bodies for two reasons;
the Council's continued wish to protect the site for much needed employment in the area, and;
the Environment Agency's concerns regarding the extent and nature of the remaining contamination
Regarding the protection of the site for a major employer, after almost a decade of marketing and false starts, no employment use was in prospect so this was unnecessarily blocking redevelopment of a significant urban brownfield site. Gateshead Council had been particularly concerned to maintain sites in their area which were large enough to attract a major manufacturing facility. As time went on, the likelihood of such an employer wishing to establish themselves in the area became less and less likely so it became harder for the Council to justify sterilising the land with an unrealistic intended use.
Regarding the EA's concerns, this needed to be addressed by a comprehensive programme of sampling, analysis and risk assessment prior to designing a reclamation scheme. This was put in motion by Wimpey Homes who assembled a project team to carry out pre acquisition due diligence and pre planning consultation. This proceeded despite Gateshead Council's continuing concerns about loss of employment land until the project team was joined by fashion designer Wayne Hemingway, who brought his personal passion for innovation and skills of persuasion to bear on key members and officers of the Council.
As a result of internal reorganisation, Wimpey's interest in the site was then transferred to their newly formed specialist city centre development business, George Wimpey City. While conceptual design work with the Hemingways continued apace, the considerable challenges of achieving a workable remediation scheme were tackled by AIG and Arup in negotiation with the Environment Agency. The central question was whether residential development could take place without removal of all of the underlying contaminated material. After much investigation and testing of the existing ground, a remediation scheme was prepared which removed the isolated hotspots of contamination and cut off pathways from the remaining lower level contamination to the surface and adjoining river, involving a further regrading and capping exercise using clean material imported into the site.
AIG undertook to carry out the remediation with Arup involved in verification of the completed work. AIGs works also included removing many of the large buried obstructions which still remained from the earlier industrial uses and Arup's completion testing included ensuring the bearing capacity of the remediated site was suitable for the intended use. Most importantly, the thickness of the proposed clean capping material was to be measured after being placed to satisfy George Wimpey and Gateshead Council that the work was in compliance with the remediation design.
The twin barriers to development of planning use and contamination are not unusual issues to be overcome for development to take place, however, they were of notable complexity on this particular site and they were only resolved with considerable effort by the professional team involved.
As it happened, neither of these issues were to prove the most contentious barrier to planning consent or implementation, as revealed when the design of the project moved into detailed consultation with the Council.
Design process.
Wayne and his wife, Gerardine, complimented the existing professional team rather than replacing any part of it, although there was a change of Architect in order to provide a clean break from previous design studies. There remained a need for a team of housing development design professionals as the Hemingways were concept driven and did not claim to be able to provide detailed technical information which would still be required for regulatory approval and construction.
The project team comprised;
Hemingway Design
IDP Partnership, Newcastle upon Tyne (Architects)
Glen Kemp, Gateshead (Landscape Architects)- note that for the purposes of achieving the desired Homezone, Glen Kemp were given design responsibility for the public realm in its entirety, replacing much of the conventional highway design role
Arup, Newcastle (Civil and Structural Engineers)
Hall & Partners, Newcastle upon Tyne (Cost Consultants)
As mentioned previously, the sampling, analysis and design for the remediation of the site was dealt with by specialist sub contractor AIG Remediation, with Arup undertaking a parallel role monitoring post reclamation contamination and ground engineering information.
In addition to the design team, a North East Public Relations firm, Cool Blue PR, were engaged by the developers to assist in managing media interest and the production of marketing material.
The Hemingway's approach was to follow European models of large scale housing, in particular the modern design aesthetic of newbuild housing in Malmo and the use of Homezone shared circulation routes mixing pedestrians with vehicles, as practiced in the Dutch Woonerf. At the time, the development was the largest newbuild Homezone in the UK. This was an ironic turn in the development of this style of shared external circulation space, as these were experimented with in Warrington and other English newbuild housing in the early 1970s, before being taken up on continental Europe and developed into the predominant residential street form in the Netherlands.
Wayne and Gerardine's conceptual aesthetic and functional ideas were interpreted into a gridlike circulation layout creating horseshoes of around 20 terraced properties backing onto a shared garden space, enclosed & gated to provide privacy and security. These groupings around shared gardens were intended to create a tangible sense of neighbourhood, each grouping and garden being different to the next.
Initial pre planning consultation with the Commission for Architecture and the Built Environment, (the Government's advisor on architecture, urban design and public space), produced some adverse comments on the 'grid like' street pattern which had resulted from creating these groups of homes. Much time was spent considering whether the grid pattern would be apparent at street level as many of the long vistas were broken by staggers in junctions. In the event, this combination of deliberately blocked long views and a 'busy' public realm design, limited the perception of the overall layout for anyone stood within the Homezone or garden areas.
While the Hemingways' influence was to cover all aspects of the project, Gerardine was particularly effective in selecting external materials which were interesting for both their colour and texture. Research into the durability and cost of the proposed materials was often inconclusive as not only were they not already in use for housing construction, they were often not even available in the UK.
Despite the elevational treatments being unconventional, Gateshead Council exerted relatively little influence on these and instead concentrated their comments and concerns on the public realm design, most particularly the Homezone areas. It was these Homezones that became the single most contentious aspect of the scheme, involving frequent meetings of 12 to 15 people, (with representatives from the Council, George Wimpey City and the professional team), solely to discuss how the Homezones could function without compromising safety.
The Homezone, despite being prototyped in the UK in the late 1960s and early 1970s, was at the time alien to most of established highway design practice in the UK. The much evolved and refined Dutch version, the Woonerf, is supported by legislation which gives pedestrians priority over vehicles within these shared streets. This inverts the expectation of UK motorists, who would expect a pedestrian in the carriageway to give way to a vehicle.
Resolving these legislative differences involved the involvement of central Government officers who were already aware of various other Homezone projects around the UK. All of these projects, (whether newbuild or remodelling existing streets), suffered from a mismatch between their design intent to create a higher quality of public realm which could be actively used by residents with the existing legislation that presumed anyone standing in the road was inviting an accident.
The support of central Government included an award of Homezone grant towards the additional costs involved in the creation of a more complex public realm. This grant was specific to external works costs in the first phase of the development so would provide early support for the design principles being established for the project as a whole.
It was only after many months of negotiation and compromise that a workable public realm design was achieved. The key to finally obtaining the Council's consent was the combination of a sophisticated design solution prepared jointly by Glen Kemp and Arup with a management regime prepared by George Wimpey Citynd CPM, the Managing Agents who would act on behalf of residents to maintain the unadopted and communally owned elements of the development.
Implementation and outcome.
Once planning consent was obtained, the remediation contract was placed with AIG and work began. The masterplan for the development was divided into phases with the initial construction intended to take place to either side of the new main access off Team Street towards the east end of the site. This access included provision for the dedicated route of the new high speed bus link between Gateshead town centre and the MetroCentre.
As AIG's works moved westwards across the site, their working area was redefined and fenced to allow construction to begin of the initial phase of housing.
The development had received much local publicity during the planning process due to the involvement of the Hemingways. This initial interest from potential buyers enabled an early marketing launch of the first phase of the project, i.e. selling off plan. While this early selling process was becoming the norm for large capital intensive projects which would be attractive to investors, such as city centre apartments, it was not common practice for the sale of family/'estate' housing. This was partly due to a reluctance by developers to commit to selling prices too early in the development programme, thereby losing out on any possible increases either due to inflation or by demonstrating the actual product using an onsite showhome.
The initial sales release was launched at the Marriott Hotel in Gateshead. Such was the interest that had built up, based mostly on press coverage of the Hemingways' involvement, that potential buyers queued for many hours before the evening launch and most of the first release was sold out in a few hours, Sales staff working into the early hours with buyers to complete reservation paperwork. In order to limit the influence of speculators, buyers were restricted to a maximum of two properties each. The success of this initial launch event prompted an early review of selling prices, which were increased for the second release.
The development has won a number of national and regional awards, which include:
RIBA Housing Design Award 2005 - Best large project
CABE Building for Life 2005 - Silver Award and Best Residential Project
Building Magazine - Best Housing-Led Regeneration Project
Northumbria in Bloom - Silver Gilt Award and Urban Regeneration Category Winner
RICS North East Renaissance Awards 2006 - Residential Category Winner
Staiths South Bank achieved the highest rating of any large scale scheme in a recent CABE audit.
Despite the acclaim that the development has received from the design community, the complex design and management of the public realm has caused difficulties for the leaseholders. Most obviously, maintenance of such an environment is an expensive operation placing severe pressure on service charges and this has created a tension between leaseholders and the Managing Agents. These remain relatively affordable properties whose buyers may not be willing or able to pay significant additional costs to maintain the estate as a whole.
These maintenance issues are combined with the difficulty of ensuring that vehicles are parked within areas designated for parking rather than obstructing the circulation space within the Homezone. As is often the case, car ownership exceeds that envisaged by the design team so there are more vehicles than allowed for. The usual design/regulatory approach is restrict parking provision to restrict car use, in practice residents tend not to accept this restriction and find space to park wherever they can, preferably as close to their front door as possible. A good example of design and regulation failing to recognise the realities of human behaviour.
The challenge for future Homezone projects is to:
1. Achieve a public realm which is usable for shared circulation and play while being affordable in relation to the ability to pay of the residents/leaseholders.
2. Achieve a workable balance between control of the vehicle to enhance the value of the public realm for non drivers and realistic parking provision.
In the meantime, the future for the undeveloped later phases of Staiths South Bank is dependent on a recovery in both the local and national housing market, along with a willingness by Taylor Wimpey to take the site forward either based on the original, or an alternative, concept.
This hiatus in further development has left residents at the eastern end of the site looking at the concrete frame of an incomplete apartment block.

</doc>
<doc id="20208626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208626" title="Pineappleskunk">
Pineappleskunk

The second solo release by Doug Pinnick of King's X.
Initial copies of the album were released with the bonus disc entitled 'Live Bootleg Video'. The concert was recorded at Instant Karma Club in Houston, Texas on September 4th 1999, and runs for 54 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="20208644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208644" title="Jiloan Hamad">
Jiloan Hamad

Jiloan Hamad (born 6 November 1990) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a winger for Bundesliga club TSG 1899 Hoffenheim and the Sweden national team.
Early and personal life.
Hamad was born in Azerbaijan, and is of Kurdish descent. His family originates from Ranya, Iraqi Kurdistan.
Career.
Club career.
Malmö FF.
Hamad came to Malmö FF from BK Forward in December 2007. He made his Allsvenskan debut on 14 August 2008 against IF Elfsborg. After only having played one match for the club in 2008, Hamad had a breakthrough in 2009 when he played 20 matches and scored two goals. In 2010, he battled with teammate Jimmy Durmaz for the position as left midfielder. Hamad ended up playing 27 games although only starting in 10, the majority of which were played as right midfielder. In the final game of 2010, he scored the game-winning goal against Mjällby AIF that secured the title, the day after his 20th birthday. 
In 2011, Hamad started the season with injury problems and missed the start of the season. He recovered and became the natural choice for playing right midfielder after team-mate Guillermo Molins was sold in the summer transfer window of 2011. Hamad also participated in the clubs campaign to qualify for the 2011–12 UEFA Champions League and scored the goal that took the club through to the play-off round after equalizing at home against Rangers. He continued to play in Europe as the club qualified for the group stage of the 2011–12 UEFA Europa League after losing in the play-off round of the Champions League. During the 2011 season Hamad signed a new contract to the end of the 2013 season. 
Hamad played all of Malmö FF's 30 league matches during the 2012 season. He also scored six goals which was his best goal production since joining the club. Hamad was also given the captaincy for the majority of the teams matches. Former captain Daniel Andersson had stepped down to focus on coaching duties before the beginning of the season and new captain Ulrich Vinzents received limited time on the pitch.
The 2013 season was Hamad's first and only season as full time captain for the club. In total he played 28 matches and scored eight goals in the league. He also played all matches for the club during the qualification stage for the 2013–14 UEFA Europa League and scored two goals. Some of his goals in the early part of the season was match-deciding, on 14 April 2013 he scored the only goal of the game in the home fixture against Kalmar FF, one week later he made the same accomplishment in the away fixture against AIK. Malmö FF secured the title one round before the competition of the league and Hamad could raise Lennart Johanssons Pokal on 3 November 2013 after a last home win against Syrianska FC. His last match for the club was the 2013 Svenska Supercupen against IFK Göteborg which Malmö FF won 3–2. For his performances in the 2013 Allsvenskan season he won midfielder of the year and was also nominated for most valuable player of the year.
TSG 1899 Hoffenheim.
On 30 October 2013, German Bundesliga club TSG 1899 Hoffenheim confirmed the free transfer of Jiloan Hamad to the club with a contract until 2017. The transfer went trough on 1 January 2014 when the German transfer window opened.
International career.
Sweden U21.
Hamad was a member and also for some time the captain of the Sweden U21 national side. On 7 September 2010, Hamad scored a last-minute goal for the 1–0 away win against Bulgaria U21 in a 2011 UEFA Euro U-21 Championship qualifier. In early 2011, Hamad revealed for Swedish website Svenska Fans that he had rejected an offer from Azerbaijan coach Berti Vogts to play for his country of birth.
Sweden.
Hamad was first with the Sweden squad for the 2011 January training tour and played his first cap for Sweden during this tour. His first cap for Sweden was against Botswana on 19 January 2011. Hamad was once again selected for the annual training camp for the Sweden national team in January 2012. The squad selection for the camp traditionally features the best Swedish players in domestic and other Scandinavian leagues. He was selected for the friendly against England on 14 November, but did not get any playing time, and was then again selected for the winter tour in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20208648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208648" title="Handball at the 1982 Asian Games">
Handball at the 1982 Asian Games

The Handball events at the 1982 Asian Games were held in New Delhi, India between November 19 and December 4, 1982. The competition included only men's event.
Classification matches.
7th place match
5th place match

</doc>
<doc id="20208654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208654" title="Cerner CCL">
Cerner CCL

Cerner CCL (Cerner Command Language) is the Cerner Corporation fourth-generation programming language, which is expressed in the Cerner Discern Explorer solution. CCL is patterned after the Structured Query Language (SQL). All Cerner Millennium health information technology solutions use CCL/Discern Explorer to select from, insert into, update into and delete from a Cerner Millennium database. Usage of CCL allows Cerner Millennium to remain independent of database-specific nuances of SQL syntax. CCL provides unlimited possibilities for using Discern Explorer to query and report on the Cerner Millennium data. CCL allows a programmer to fetch data from an Oracle database and display it as the user wants to see. With features like, Record Structure and subroutines, it allows us to get data from database and manipulate it by storing in a temporary structure; execute a particular section of the code, if required using a subroutine.
Discern Explorer provides several applications that can be used to create, execute, and analyze ad hoc queries, reports and programs. These applications provide flexibility in the skill set needed to build programs and design reports. Discern Explorer programs can be written using, VisualExplorer.exe (VE), DiscernVisualDeveloper.exe (DVDev), an operating system command-line editor, or any other text editor. ExplorerMenu.exe (EM) is used to execute Discern Explorer programs on demand. ExplorerAnalyzer.exe (EA) allows its users to analyze the system resources used by RDBMS queries.
CCL Hello World examples:

</doc>
<doc id="20208713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208713" title="Imam Khomeini International University">
Imam Khomeini International University

Imam Khomeini International University is one of the universities in Iran which was founded after the Islamic Revolution. The bill of IKIU’s constitution was ratified by The Iranian Parliament in January 1984. Constituent organs of IKIU include Board of trustees, president, and council. Deputies for Education, Research, and Students and Culture are some of the other departments of IKIU. In addition, the Science and Technology Park, and the central library with more than 100000 copies of books and magazines beside the other educational and research facilities provide great and ideal grounds for scientific and research activities for students. Bringing welfare for international students in addition to establish many dormitory complexes, IKIU has formed the Brilliant-Talent students’ Office to recognize top students and to support and guide the students, providing educational and welfare facilities. With seven faculties could, suitably, meet various educational preferences of students. Also, Persian Language Teaching Center which has been hosted students from more than ninety-six countries so far, enjoying equipped language labs, library, and computer site will, definitely, create a joyful and memorable atmosphere for students to learn Persian Language.
History.
The university was established in 1991 with the purpose of furthering culture, civilization, and thought of Muslim world. As an educational, research, and cultural institution under the Ministry of Science, Research and Technology, IKIU has the following aims in view:
Present Status Of IKIU.
Imam Khomeini International University presently offers 30 undergraduate courses and 13 master courses with a faculty of 183 staff teachers. There are 5489 undergraduates and 1281 graduate students. According to Four-Year Development Plan, some five undergraduate courses, 17 master courses, and five PhD courses will be added in a near future to the existing programs of study of the university.
The university admits international students on a yearly basis. Indeed, a total of 200 to 250 international students are admitted into the Center for Teaching Persian to Non-natives each year.
Since not all of the academic levels and programs of study required by such students are available in IKIU and because the number of international applicants is on the rise, some international students will be referred to other leading universities in the country to continue their studies after they successfully complete Persian language and pre-university courses.
Currently, 500 international students from 55 countries are doing their 22 undergraduate and graduate courses at IKIU. Country-wide, around 5000 such students are doing humanities, engineering, science, and medicine.
Campus.
The main campus of Imam Khomeini International University is located in Qazvin, Iran. There is also a Science and Technology Park near main campus.
And also a residential complex just near the main campus.

</doc>
<doc id="20208719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208719" title="Man Next Door">
Man Next Door

"Man Next Door" aka "Quiet Place"/"I've Got to Get Away" is a song originally recorded by John Holt with his group The Paragons in 1968. 
The Paragons version was produced by Duke Reid and first released on his Duke label as the B-side of "Left With a Broken Heart".
The song has been covered by numerous other reggae artists including Dennis Brown, UB40 and Horace Andy who also sang in a more electronic version of the song for the Massive Attack album "Mezzanine". The song was released as a single by The Slits in 1980, when it reached number 5 on the UK Indie Chart, staying on the chart for 13 weeks. Holt's version also formed the basis of L.E.G.A.C.Y.'s rap version, while Horace Andy's "Quiet Place" was used as the basis of deejay versions from Dr Alimantado ("Poison Flour" and "I Shall Fear No Evil") and I-Roy ("Noisy Place"). U-Roy also recorded a deejay version of the song with "Peace and Love in the Ghetto".

</doc>
<doc id="20208725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208725" title="Badien Island">
Badien Island

Badien Island (also spelled Jazeerat Dadeen) is one of the biggest islands in the Nile and the second biggest island in Sudan. It is Northern to Dongola the capital of the Northern State in Sudan.

</doc>
<doc id="20208729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208729" title="Henry Horne">
Henry Horne

Henry Horne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20208731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208731" title="Yōko Sasaki">
Yōko Sasaki


</doc>
<doc id="20208732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208732" title="Arne Strand">
Arne Strand

Arne Strand (born 17 March 1944) is a Norwegian journalist and politician for the Labour Party. He is the current political editor in the newspaper "Dagsavisen".
Strand graduated from the University of Oslo with the cand.mag. degree in 1968. He worked as a journalist in "Vårt Land" from 1964 to 1966, in "Arbeiderbladet" from 1966 to 1976, and in the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation from 1976 to 1987. Between 1987 and 1989 he was a State Secretary in the Office of the Prime Minister, as a part of Gro Harlem Brundtland's second cabinet.
Having been political editor and news editor in his later years with the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation, in 1990 he was hired as political editor in "Arbeiderbladet", which in 1997 changed its name to as "Dagsavisen". He was acting editor-in-chief from 2004 to 2005 and from 2009. From 1999 to 2006 he chaired the Norwegian branch of the International Press Institute.
He is the adoptive father of the television host Christian Strand.

</doc>
<doc id="20208733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208733" title="John D. Stewart (journalist)">
John D. Stewart (journalist)

John D. Stewart (October 16, 1915- July 1, 1998) was one of the founders of BNA (Bureau of National Affairs, Inc.), a consummate journalist, an expert in labor relations, and a champion of employee ownership.
Stewart was among the five top editors to whom noted publisher David Lawrence (publisher) sold his U.S. News Publishing Company’s offshoot, Bureau of National Affairs, in 1946. The five editors opened up ownership to all BNA employees, incorporating BNA as a wholly employee-owned company in 1947. Today, the 1700-employee international corporation remains an independent, privately owned publisher of specialized news and information for professionals in business and government.
Stewart was elected to BNA’s first board of directors in 1947 and served on that board every year until he stepped down in 1994 (the last 26 years as chairman). He was BNA president from 1964 to 1980, growing the company to a successful publishing venture prepared to enter the electronic information age. After his retirement, he also served as trustee of the stock plan. In 1997, Stewart wrote “Making Employee Ownership Work” about the founders’ crafting of BNA’s unique form of 100 percent employee ownership.
Stewart was born in Indiana, Pa., and attended Princeton and Harvard universities before joining BNA in 1939. He died in 1998. He was a first cousin to film legend James Stewart.

</doc>
<doc id="20208745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208745" title="Now That's What I Call Music! 72 (UK series)">
Now That's What I Call Music! 72 (UK series)

"Now That's What I Call Music! 72 or Now! 72" is a compilation album that was released in April 2009 in the UK and Ireland on compact disc and as a digital download. The album is the 72nd edition of the original series. This was the last of the series to list codes to obtain ringtones for all of the songs on the album, the first being "Now 54" in 2003.
"Now 72" features eight songs which reached number one on the UK Singles Chart: "The Fear", "Just Dance", "Right Round", "My Life Would Suck Without You", "Hallelujah", "Hero", "Greatest Day" and "Islands in the Stream".
"Show Me Love" by Robin S previously appeared on "Now 24" in its original form.

</doc>
<doc id="20208771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208771" title="Shodex">
Shodex

Shodex is a brand of HPLC columns and is best known for innovative size-exclusion chromatography and sugar-analysis columns. In addition, Shodex has introduced highly effective Restricted Access Material (RAM) columns for both polar and non-polar small molecule analysis. The new solid-sphere ionic exchange columns for ultra fast protein analysis can be used in conventional HPLC or UHPLC instruments. Recently, an ultra high-temperature reversed-phased column operating up to 150 Degrees Celsius providing enhanced control in selectivity was introduced. 
Shodex HPLC Columns are made in Japan by Showa Denko, one of the largest Japanese chemical companies. They produce more than 800 different columns, most packed with polymer-based packing material, and have been doing so since 1973.
Products include standard analysis columns, semi-micro and micro columns, and preparative columns. They also manufacture HPLC instruments such as refractive index (RI) detectors and degassing devices. 
Shodex is distributed in the US by Showa Denko America as well as by a range of analytical products makers and distributors.

</doc>
<doc id="20208796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208796" title="Yvan Ylieff">
Yvan Ylieff

Yvan Ylieff (, "Ivan Iliev"; b. 8 March 1941) is a Belgian politician of the Francophone Socialist Party.
Ylieff was born in Verviers, Liège, to a Bulgarian emigrant family. He graduated in history before engaging in politics. In 1973, he was elected mayor of the municipality of Dison, a post he still holds as of 2010. From 1974 to 1995, he was a member of Belgian Chamber of Representatives, the lower house of the Belgian Federal Parliament. In 1988–1989, he was a Minister of National Education of Belgium; from 1989 to 1992, he served as the French Community of Belgium's Minister of Culture and Higher Education. In 1995–1999, he was federal Minister of Scientific Policy and from 1999 to 2003 he was Government Commissioner of Scientific Issues.

</doc>
<doc id="20208799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208799" title="The King's School, Pontefract">
The King's School, Pontefract

The King's School is a coeducational secondary school with academy status, located in Pontefract, West Yorkshire, England. It is one of the four oldest schools in Yorkshire, dating from 1139 and was refounded by King Edward VI in 1548.
History.
King's School Pontefract was founded in 1139. Little documentation survives from its early years, and it was refounded in the reign of King Edward VI. It has been associated with the Duchy of Lancaster since 1588 when it was given an endowment to allow it to continue functioning. In 1792 it was refounded yet again by George III who is the eponymous king. Annual payments of £50 were made by the Duchy of Lancaster until 1869. It closed in the 1880s but reopened on 4 May 1890 and since then it has enjoyed a continuous existence up to the present day, although it was relocated in 1932.
Grammar school.
The present buildings were opened on 14 July 1932 by Sir F. Stanley Jackson. It was a boys' grammar school with around 650 boys, operated by the West Riding County Council. Four houses were formed, each associated with a name and a colour. They were Atkinson (yellow), Lyon (blue), de Lacy (green) and King Edward (red). Classes corresponding to years were numbered from 1 to 5 with three streamed classes in each year from and including Form 2. Upon entry to the school boys were placed in classes 1A, 1B and 1C ordered by surname alphabetically. In the second form streaming started with the top 30 rated pupils being placed in 2R (R for Rapid as year 3 was skipped by these pupils, passing directly to 4R). The other classes in the second form were 2A1 and 2A2, arranged by Surname alphabetically. Thereafter the classes were for example in the 5th form: 5R, 5A1 and 5A2. All pupils had a form master and went to classes with specialist Teachers. There were not enough rooms for all classes to have a form room - some of the upper sixth form used to have the corridor outside the dining room as their form room. Only a few pupils stayed on for the sixth form, many pupils left the school at 16. It was expected that the R-class pupils would go on to the sixth form. The Grammar school had a long tradition of playing Rugby Union and there were large fields outside for this purpose, converting to cricket in the summer. Notable Teachers from the 1960's, 1970's included Mr. ('Esta') Dunn (Latin), Mr. T ('Tom') Sealy (Geography) and Mr. ('Moggy') Myers (Art). All teachers in those days were given a usually affectionate nickname.
Comprehensive.
It became a comprehensive with a sixth form in 1978. Pontefract Girls' High School, the girls' grammar school became New College, Pontefract, and 11-18 school. In 1987, Pontefract schools lost their sixth form, with a sixth form college being established at NEW College, Pontefract.
Academy.
The school converted to academy status on 1 April 2013.
Headmasters.
John D Lean was Headmaster before Mr. Aldous, and died 1958
Admissions.
The school is currently situated on a raised area near Ackworth Road in Pontefract, along Mill Hill Lane, south-west of the town centre and the A645/A639 crossroads. There are over 1,000 pupils, 55 full-time and 8 part-time teaching staff with a similar number of additional staff. Its current headteachers are Julie Craig and Barbara Tibbetts. The King's School, Carleton Community High School and many of the Primary Schools in the two pyramids are now members of The Pontefract Education Trust whose main purpose, along with providing the best education possible for all Pontefract children, is to co-operate with each other for the benefit of all.
Activities.
The school is heaped in tradition, especially when it comes to sporting traditions, with its major sporting events being rugby union (the year 11 team reached the final of the Yorkshire Cup in 2006) and athletics, with a lot of athletes going on to achieve many local and national honours.
Academic performance.
It gets above-average GCSE results, the seventh best in Wakefield LEA.

</doc>
<doc id="20208804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208804" title="Structure chart">
Structure chart

A Structure Chart (SC) in software engineering and organizational theory, is a chart which shows the breakdown of a system to its lowest manageable levels. They are used in structured programming to arrange program modules into a tree. Each module is represented by a box, which contains the module's name. The tree structure visualizes the relationships between modules.
Overview.
A structure chart is a top-down modular design tool, constructed of squares representing the different modules in the system, and lines that connect them. The lines represent the connection and or ownership between activities and subactivities as they are used in organization charts.
In structured analysis structure charts, according to Wolber (2009), "are used to specify the high-level design, or architecture, of a computer program. As a design tool, they aid the programmer in dividing and conquering a large software problem, that is, recursively breaking a problem down into parts that are small enough to be understood by a human brain. The process is called top-down design, or functional decomposition. Programmers use a structure chart to build a program in a manner similar to how an architect uses a blueprint to build a house. In the design stage, the chart is drawn and used as a way for the client and the various software designers to communicate. During the actual building of the program (implementation), the chart is continually referred to as "the master-plan".
A structure chart depicts
A structure chart is also used to diagram associated elements that comprise a run stream or thread. It is often developed as a hierarchical diagram, but other representations are allowable. The representation must describe the breakdown of the configuration system into subsystems and the lowest manageable level. An accurate and complete structure chart is the key to the determination of the configuration items, and a visual representation of the configuration system and the internal interfaces among its CIs(define CI clearly). During the configuration control process, the structure chart is used to identify CIs and their associated artifacts that a proposed change may impact.
Structure chart construction.
In practice, see figure, first it is checked if a Structure Chart has been developed already. If so an expert needs to review it to ensure it represents the current structure and if not, updates the chart where needed.

</doc>
<doc id="20208842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208842" title="Queen of Egypt">
Queen of Egypt

Queen of Egypt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20208853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208853" title="Pratapbimba">
Pratapbimba

Pratapbimba was the son of Raja Bhimdev and he ruled the islands of Mumbai from 1303 to 1331. After Bhimdev's death in 1303, he was succeeded by his son Pratapbimba, who built his capital at Marol in Salsette, which he named Pratappur. The islands were wrested from Pratapbimba's control by Mubarak Khan, a self-proclaimed regent of the Khilji dynasty, who occupied Mahim and Salsette in 1318. It was later reconquered by Pratapbimba, which he ruled till 1331.

</doc>
<doc id="20208854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208854" title="Alexandre Du Sommerard">
Alexandre Du Sommerard

Alexandre Du Sommerard (1779, Bar-sur-Aube - 19 August 1842, Paris) was a French archaeologist and art collector.
Life.
He volunteered for the army at 14 and took part in the French Revolutionary Wars. Returning to civil life, he became attached to the Cour des comptes, at first as a référendaire, then as a conseiller-maître, spending all his leisure time and most of his modest fortune on collecting, classifying and publishing a collection of medieval and Renaissance art objects.
Each day, his cabinet of furniture, vases and utensils of all kinds which he saved from their destroyers, since for a long while he was almost the only person in Paris collecting these curiosities that were later so much studied. Little by little he gained imitators and, always ready to reply to questions of taste and even enquiries from the indiscrete curious, Du Sommerard welcomed people to see his collection and gave lessons in practical archaeology.
The hôtel de Cluny, a Gothic palace built in the late 15th century by Jacques d'Amboise and the only surviving medieval palace in Paris, owes its survival to Du Sommerard. He took it over as a home and as a place to house his collection. On his death the Musée d’antiquités nationales that he created was acquired by the French state and rue des Mathurins was renamed rue du Sommerard in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="20208873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208873" title="2009 Latvian Higher League">
2009 Latvian Higher League

Latvian Higher League 2009 () was the 18th season of top-tier football in Latvia. It began on 14 March 2009 with the first round of games and ended on 8 November 2009 with the 36th round of matches. Ventspils were the defending champions.
Due to numerous pre-season team changes, such as club mergers and withdrawals, the format of the league was changed. Since there are only 9 clubs that participate in 2009 Virslīga, every team plays 4 times against every other team, what will make every team playing 32 games. Contrary to the previous season, there isn't Championship and Relegation pool.
Teams.
Olimps Rīga were relegated after finishing the relegation round in last place. They were replaced by First League champions FK Daugava Riga.
Blāzma won the promotion/relegation play-off against Tranzīts Ventspils with 6–1 on aggregate. However, after several mergers and withdrawals Tranzīts were also awarded a place in Virslīga, as the runners-up of First League.
FK Rīga withdrew due to unpaid debts. They eventually merged with Olimps Rīga and created a new club called "Olimps/RFS". The new club plays in Virslīga, what saved Olimps Rīga from relegation.
On 12 January 2009 Vindava withdrew from Virslīga due to financial reasons.
"FK Jūrmala" merged with "JFC Kauguri/Multibanka", which is also a merger of JFC Kauguri Jūrmala and FK Multibanka Rīga, to a new club named FK Jūrmala-VV. The new club carried over the players and other personnel from FK Jūrmala.
Daugava Daugavpils and Dinaburg also merged and remained under the Dinaburg FC name. It is not yet certain which club's staff will operate the new club. Dinaburg also took Daugava's UEFA Europa League 2009–10 spot.
Results.
Relegation play-offs.
Since there are only 9 clubs participating in 2009 Virslīga, no teams will be directly relegated. 9th placed Virslīga team and runners-up of First League will compete in relegation play-offs for one spot in Virslīga 2010. The other spot will be taken by First League champions. Since one of the teams were excluded from the league, the relegation play-off will be replaced with the direct promotion of the First League team placing second.
Team of the season 2009.
Goalkeepers: Viktors Spole (FK Liepājas Metalurgs ), 
Aleksandrs Vlasovs (Skonto FC ) 
Defenders:
Oskars Kļava (FK Liepājas Metalurgs ),
Grigori Chirkin (FK Ventspils ),
Deniss Ivanovs (FK Liepājas Metalurgs ),
David Gamezardashvili (Skonto FC ),
Tomas Tamošauskas (FK Liepājas Metalurgs ),
Vitālijs Smirnovs (Skonto FC ),
Deniss Kačanovs (FK Ventspils ),
Dzintars Zirnis (FK Liepājas Metalurgs )
Midfielders:
Jurijs Žigajevs (FK Ventspils ),
Andrejs Prohorenkovs (FK Liepājas Metalurgs ),
Vitālijs Astafjevs (FK Ventspils ),
Jevgēņijs Kosmačovs (FK Ventspils ),
Maksims Rafaļskis (FK Liepājas Metalurgs ),
Igors Kozlovs (Skonto FC ),
Pāvels Surņins (FK Liepājas Metalurgs ),
Igor Tigirlas (FK Ventspils )
Forwards:
Vits Rimkus (FK Ventspils ),
Vladimir Dvalishvili (Skonto FC ),
Kristaps Grebis (FK Liepājas Metalurgs ),
Ģirts Karlsons (FK Liepājas Metalurgs )

</doc>
<doc id="20208886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208886" title="Rue Du Sommerard">
Rue Du Sommerard

The rue des Mathurins-Saint-Jacques, now known as the rue du Sommerard after Alexandre Du Sommerard, is a street in the 5th arrondissement of Paris, in the Sorbonne quarter.

</doc>
<doc id="20208888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208888" title="Frans Möller (swimmer)">
Frans Möller (swimmer)

Frans Baillieu Möller (February 25, 1897 in Malmö– April 14, 1995 in Lund) was a Swedish freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
In 1920, he was a member of the Swedish relay team which finished fourth in the 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay competition. In the 1500 metre freestyle event he was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="20208903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208903" title="SM U-1 (Austria-Hungary)">
SM U-1 (Austria-Hungary)

SM "U-1 or U-I" was the lead boat of her class of submarine or U-boat built for and operated by the Austro-Hungarian Navy (). "U-1" was designed by American Simon Lake's Lake Torpedo Boat Company and built at the navy yard in Pola. She was one of two Lake-designed submarines purchased as part of a competitive evaluation of foreign submarine designs.
"U-1" was launched in February 1909 and was long and displaced between depending on whether surfaced or submerged. She was originally powered by gasoline engines for surface running, but during her trials, they were found to be incapable of reaching the contracted speed. "U-1" was commissioned in April 1911 and served as a training boat through 1914.
At the beginning of World War I, "U-1" was in drydock awaiting new batteries and replacement diesel engines. "U-1" returned to service as a training boat until October 1915. From November she conducted reconnaissance cruises out of Trieste and Pola until she was declared obsolete in early 1918. She continued to serve in a training role at the submarine base on Brioni, but was at Pola at the end of the war. She was awarded to Italy as a war reparation in 1920 and scrapped at Pola. "U-1" did not sink any ships during the war.
Design and construction.
"U-1" was built as part of a plan by the Austro-Hungarian Navy to competitively evaluate foreign submarine designs from Simon Lake, Germaniawerft, and John Philip Holland. The Austro-Hungarian Navy ordered plans for "U-1" (and sister ship ) in 1906 from the Lake Torpedo Boat Company of Bridgeport, Connecticut. "U-1" was built at the Pola Navy Yard and was launched on 10 February 1909.
"U-1" had several features typical of Lake's designs, including a diving chamber under the bow and two variable pitch propellers. Lake's design also called for two retractable wheels that allowed travel over the seabed. The design also placed the diving tanks above the waterline of the single, cylindrical hull, which necessitated a heavy ballast keel for vertical stability. This arrangement required mechanical pumping, a procedure that took 8 minutes. "U-1"s propulsion system consisted of two gasoline engines for surface running and two electric motors for running while submerged.
The boat was long by abeam and had a draft of . As designed, her displacement was surfaced and submerged. She was outfitted with three torpedo tubes—two in the bow, one in the stern—and could carry up to five torpedoes, but typically carried three. "U-1" was also armed with a deck gun.
Service career.
Upon "U-1"s completion, the Austro-Hungarian Navy conducted trials of the submarine throughout most of 1910. On 5 April both of "U-1"s electric motors were damaged in a flooding incident during her trials. "U-1"s gasoline engines were never able to meet the speed called for in the contract during the Navy evaluations, and were considered not suitable for wartime use. As a result, the Navy only paid for "U-1"s hull and armament, and arranged a lease of the gasoline engines while replacement diesel engines were ordered from the Austrian firm "Maschinenfabrik" Leobersdorf. Despite the engine problems, "U-1" and her sister ship had the best performance in diving and steering amongst the U-boats under evaluation by the Navy.
"U-1" was commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy on 15 April 1911 and served as a training boat—conducting up to ten training cruises per month—through 1914. On 13 January 1914, the submarine was accidentally rammed by the Austro-Hungarian cruiser in the Fasana Channel, which damaged the her periscope. At the outbreak of World War I, "U-1" was in drydock awaiting the installation of new batteries and her new diesel engines. To accommodate the new engines, she was lengthened by about . The modifications and new engines lowered her surface displacement to but increased her submerged displacement to .
Upon completion in early 1915, "U-1" returned to training duties through 4 October. She was stationed at Trieste in early November and conducted reconnaissance cruises from that port through December 1917, when she was assigned to the naval base at Pola. On 11 January 1918, she was declared obsolete, but was retained as a training boat at the submarine base on Brioni. "U-1" was at Pola at the war's end, and was scrapped after her cession to Italy as a war reparation in 1920. "U-1" did not sink any ships during the war.

</doc>
<doc id="20208904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208904" title="The Woman Taken in Adultery">
The Woman Taken in Adultery

"The Woman Taken in Adultery" can refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20208919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208919" title="Frederick Detrick">
Frederick Detrick

Major Fredrick Louis Detrick, MD (April 21, 1889 in New Market, Maryland – June 3, 1931 in Baltimore, Maryland), was a U.S. Army physician, flight surgeon and pilot. He is the namesake of Fort Detrick, Maryland (formerly, Detrick Field and Camp Detrick). Detrick, who was a teaching surgeon on the faculty of the Johns Hopkins University Hospital, Baltimore, served in France during the First World War and was a member of the Maryland National Guard when he died of a heart attack in 1931.
Biography.
Although born in Frederick County, Maryland, where his family had lived for five generations, Detrick lived a portion of his childhood in Orange, Virginia, where his grandfather owned Montpelier, President James Madison’s former home. He graduated from the Rockefeller Institute and completed his medical internship at Bellevue Hospital, both in New York City. He was appointed a lieutenant in the Medical Reserve Corps, U.S. Army in April 1918. His first brief assignment was to the installation hospital at Camp Wadsworth, South Carolina, followed by a tour of duty with the 28th Aero Squadron, 3rd Pursuit Group in France. He supported the major American offensives at the battles of Saint-Mihiel and of Meuse/Argonne. He was discharged at Camp Dix, New Jersey, in July 1919.
Detrick returned to Baltimore and opened a private practice on Linden Avenue, eventually earning a teaching position on the staff and faculty of Johns Hopkins University Hospital. He joined the Maryland National Guard in 1923 and was appointed a captain in the Medical Reserve Corps with an assignment to the Medical Department Detachment, 29th Division Aviation, which included the 104th Observation Squadron. (The 104th still exists as part of the Maryland Air National Guard.)
Detrick died at home on June 3, 1931, after a series of heart attacks. His unit, which each summer conducted annual training at Langley Field, Virginia, then had orders to conduct its next encampment at a new site: Frederick Airport at Frederick, Maryland. Squadron members had great affection for their flight surgeon. The 104th, in consultation with the Maryland National Guard Adjutant General, Major General Milton Reckord, resolved to name the airport “Detrick Field” in his memory. Reckord also issued orders posthumously promoting Captain Detrick to the rank of Major.

</doc>
<doc id="20208930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208930" title="List of Knight's Cross recipients 15th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (1st Latvian)">
List of Knight's Cross recipients 15th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (1st Latvian)

The 15th Waffen-Grenadierdivision der SS (lett. Nr. 1) was formed in the Waffen SS's drive for manpower in the wake of Operation Barbarossa, the invasion of the Soviet Union in June 1941. After a successful recruitment drive in the Reichskommissariat Ostland (Baltic states) for the Nazi anti-partisan brigades, Heinrich Himmler formed Baltic legions by late August 1942, including the Lettische SS-Freiwilligen-Legion, the nucleus of the later 15th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS. 
The Division fought on the Pomeranian Wall defences at Podgaje, 2 February 1945.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of September 1, 1939 instituted the Iron Cross and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. As the war progressed some of the recipients distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of June 3, 1940. In 1941 two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of September 28, 1941 introduced the Knight’s Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. At the end of 1944 the last and final grade, the Knight's Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds, based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt 1945 I S. 11" of December 29, 1944 concluded the variants of the Knight's Cross.
Prerequisites.
To qualify for the Knight's Cross, a soldier had to already hold the 1939 Iron Cross First Class, though the Iron Cross I Class was awarded concurrently with the Knight's Cross in rare cases.
Unit commanders could also be awarded the medal for exemplary conduct by the unit as a whole.
Grades.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was divided into five grades, excluding the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross:

</doc>
<doc id="20208931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208931" title="Staro Selo, Vratsa Province">
Staro Selo, Vratsa Province

Staro Selo (Old Village) is a small village in the Vratsa Province of northwest Bulgaria. It is situated at the foot of the Balkan Mountains. Staro Selo is a part of Mezdra Municipality. It is also home to the town hall. Staro Selo is near the river Iskar, popular for its angling possibilities. 
The number of inhabitants as of summer 2008 numbered less than 200 due to emigration and is still falling as young people move to nearby towns such as Mezdra, Vratsa or even further away. Many houses are no longer inhabited permanently, having either been abandoned or turned into summer cottages.

</doc>
<doc id="20208936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208936" title="416th Fighter Squadron">
416th Fighter Squadron

The 416th Fighter Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the 49th Fighter Wing at Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico. The squadron was inactivated on 1 July 1993.
History.
World War II.
Established in February 1943 as the 416th Night Fighter Squadron, assigned to the 481st Night Fighter Operational Training Group, Orlando Air Base, Florida for training. The 417th was the first USAAF dedicated night fighter squadron formed. Trained in the Douglas P-70, a modified A-20 Havoc bomber using a U.S. version of the British Mk IV radar. At the time the P-70 was the only American night fighter available.
After completing its initial training by April, the squadron crossed the Atlantic on the RMS Queen Elizabeth and landed in the United Kingdom on 11 May. Pausing briefly for training under VIII Fighter Command (attached
to the Royal Air Force). There, it was equipped with RAF Bristol Beaufighters through a "reverse Lend-Lease" program until an American aircraft could be produced. Upon arrival in England the squadron received additional training with Royal Air Force night fighter units at several bases in early 1943 achieving the first victory on 24 July. Through the summer, they conducted daytime convoy escort and strike missions, but thereafter flew primarily at night.
The unit then moved to North Africa for operations with Twelfth Air Force. There, the squadron fell under the operational control of the Northwest African Coastal Air Force, a joint inter-allied organization with British, Free-French, and other American units. Carried out defensive night patrols over Allied held territory during the North African campaign, also conducted night interdiction raids on German positions in Algeria and Tunisia.
The defeat of German, Italian, and Vichy French forces in North Africa allowed the 416th to move with other allied forces into Italy in September 1943. During its first year there, the squadron patrolled harbors and escorted shipping; however, in September 1944 the 416th shifted to more aggressive activities to provide defensive cover for the Fifth Army and make intruder sweeps into enemy territory. Also continued defensive patrols and offensive night attacks on Axis positions on Sardinia, Corsica, and in Southern France.
With the fall of Germany, the unit became part of the United States Air Forces in Europe army of occupation. Moved in August 1945 to AAF Horsching, Austria, for occupation duties. A year later, the 416th relocated to AAF Schweinfurt, Germany, where it inactivated on 9 November 1946.
Cold War.
Reactivated in 1953 at George AFB, California as an F-86 Sabre Fighter-Bomber Squadron. Initially equipped with F-51D Mustang aircraft, the 416th quickly converted to F-86F Sabre jet aircraft and started participating in air defense operations, exercises, and firepower demonstrations. Then in September 1953, the 416th received Arctic indoctrination at Eielson AFB, Alaska. Next, the squadron joined its parent unit, the 21st Fighter-Bomber Group, in Operation Boxkite at North Field, South Carolina from 17 April to 15 May 1954.
The 416th moved to France in November–December 1954. For this move, the ground echelon left George AFB, California, on 26 November and arrived at Toul-Rosieres Air Base on 12 December. The flight echelon left George on 13 December and traveled to France by the northern air route. Bad weather, however, delayed
the movement, and the flight element did not reach Toul-Rosiere until 22 February 1955. From then until December 1957, the squadron participated in NATO tactical operations and exercises, stood air defense alert, and periodically deployed aircraft and crews to Wheelus AB, Libya, for fighter weapons training. The unit was not operational from 10 January to 8 February 1958.
On 25 March 1958, the 416th activated under Fifth Air Force at Misawa Air Base, Japan, where it started converting from F-84G Thunderjets to F-100 Super Sabres. Later in July, the squadron joined the 21st Fighter-Bomber Wing; however, the USAF directed the 416th to transfer its F-100s to another unit. This order temporarily interrupted its conversion and forced the 416th to fly F-84Gs until May 1959, when a full complement of F-100s arrived. During this period in the Far East, the units crews flew tactical operations and exercises in South Korea, Taiwan, Okinawa, Singapore, the Philippines, and other exotic places in the Far East.
Vietnam War.
In June 1964, the 416th moved to England AFB, Louisiana, where it joined the 3d Tactical Fighter Wing (Tactical Air Command) for training. From 17 October through 7 December 1964, the squadron deployed a flight to Takhli Royal Thai Air Force Base, Thailand, where it operated under various higher headquarters. This deployment, however, was just a precursor to even greater involvement in Southeast Asia (SEA) as the entire squadron deployed there in March 1965. It operated in turn from Clark AB, Philippines, Da Nang AB, South Vietnam, Bien Hoa AB, South Vietnam, and again at Clark until July 1965, when it returned to England AFB. While in SEA, the unit flew 1,711 combat sorties between 19 March and 14 July to fly flak suppression, weather
reconnaissance, MiG combat air patrol, and air strike missions.
The 416th deployed with the 3 TFW to SEA in November 1965 to Tan Son Nhut AB, South Vietnam. There, the 6250th Combat Support Group controlled the squadron's operations until June 1966, when it rejoined the 3 TFW at Bien Hoa AB. The 416th remained at Bein Hoa until its April 1967 reassignment to the 37th TFW. In May, the squadron moved to Phu Cat Air Base without a break in combat missions. On 15 June 1967, Detachment 1, 416 TFS became the nucleus of Commando Sabre, a special activity using F-100F two-seat trainers to fly fast Forward Air Control (FAC) operations under the call sign "Misty." The unit's participation in Commando Sabre even continued after a move to Tuy Hoa AB and reassignment to the 31 TFW. At that time, operational control over Commando Sabre passed from the 37th TFW to the 31st TFW.
In the meantime, the 416th flew regular combat missions, logging its 30,000 SEA combat sortie on 20 April 1970. Most of those missions involved close air support or direct air support. The unit stood down from combat operations on 5 September 1970, and its resources were transferred to other units.
Tactical Air Command.
On 28 September 1970, the squadron moved without personnel to England AFB, Louisiana. Anticipating the 416th's re-assignment, the 4403d TFW at England AFB began forming a new squadron cadre in August 1970.
This cadre started training its pilots to instructor status and was immediately available when the Air Force transferred the unit to England that September. After receiving more equipment and people, the 416th achieved combat ready status and began normal participation in exercises and other tactical operations.
Inactivation appeared imminent again as the Air Force phased the last F-100s out of its inventory. By December 1971, the 416th was the only active flying squadron in the 4403d TFW. On 1 April 1972, its operational training commitment ended, and as a result the Air Force transferred all personnel to other units and aircraft to the Air National Guard. From May 1972 until its 1 July inactivation, the 416th served as a holding unit for a new
A-7D Corsair II squadron that would replace it.
Re-designated the 416th Tactical Fighter Training Squadron (TFTS), the unit activated again on 15 March 1979 under the 479th Tactical Training Wing at Holloman AFB, New Mexico. At Holloman, the squadron used AT-38B aircraft to provide transitional training to new pilots preparing for assignment to operational fighter wings. The 416th inactivated on 1 September 1983 as the 433d TFTS assumed its mission.
F-117 Development/Operations.
Activated by Tactical Air Command at Groom Lake, Nevada as a classified unit on 15 October 1979, designated as P-Unit. Received A-7D Corsair II tactical fighters from 23d Tactical Fighter Wing, England AFB, Louisiana to use as training aircraft for Lockheed F-117A Nighthawk stealth fighter, then under development. Performed training mission for pilots to transition to single-seat, subsonic F-111. Was given designation of 4451st Tactical Squadron, 11 July 1981, and assigned to 4450th Tactical Group which was formed to bring the F-117 from development to operational status.
Was moved to Tonopah Test Range Airport on 28 October 1983, performing training missions with the F-117A in a clandestine environment. Performed dual mission of training F-117 pilots with the A-7Ds as well as providing a cover story for the classified Stealth Fighter project. All Tonopah training flights conducted at night under the cover of darkness until late 1988. On 10 November 1988, the Air Force brought the F-117A from behind a "black veil" by publicly acknowledging its existence, but provided few details about it. The official confirmation of the F-117A's existence, however, had little impact on Tonopah operations. Pilots began occasionally flying the F-117A during the day, but personnel were still ferried to and from work each Monday and Friday from Nellis. Everyone associated with the project was still forbidden to talk about what they did for a living, and the program remained shrouded in secrecy.
Operated at Tonopah with A-7Ds until late 1989 when F-117 project was revealed to the public. Retired its A-7Ds, being the last active duty USAF squadron to operate the A-7D, and transitioned to the Northrup T-38A Talons. The squadron was re-designated as the 416th Tactical Fighter Squadron (Ghostriders) on 5 October 1989 when the 4450th Tactical Group was inactivated, and F-117A operations coming under the 37th Tactical Fighter Wing. There, it assumed the mission of the 4451st Test Squadron to become one of two operational F-117A Stealth Fighter squadrons.
On 19 December 1989, just 13 months after the Pentagon had disclosed the existence of the F-117A, squadron aircraft were first used in combat during Operation Just Cause. In mid-December 1990, was deployed to King Khalid International Airport, Saudi Arabia as part of the buildup of United States forces prior to Operation Desert Storm. Flew combat operations over Iraq against high-priority targets January–February 1991. After combat operations ceased in February 1991, some wing personnel and aircraft remained on indefinite alert in Saudi Arabia as a component member of the post-Desert Storm task force in Southwest Asia, although most returned to Tonopah by the end of March.
Most of the F-117As deployed to Saudi Arabia returned home to Tonopah in early April 1991, although a few remained as part of the post-Desert Storm task force in Southwest Asia. After Desert Storm, the Air Force re-designated the squadron as the 416th Fighter Squadron on 1 October 1991. The squadron realigned from under the wing as a subordinate of the 37th Operations Group on 1 November 1991.
In 1992, as part of the post Cold War budget cutbacks in the Air Force, the F-117As were moved to Holloman AFB, New Mexico; the 37th Fighter Wing and its subordinate organizations were inactivated and the aircraft, equipment, personnel and mission of the squadron were re-designated as the 8th Fighter Squadron, being assigned to the 49th Operations Group at Holloman AFB.

</doc>
<doc id="20208952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208952" title="Uncial 0163">
Uncial 0163

Uncial 0163 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 5th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Book of Revelation 16:17-20, on one parchment leaf (12 cm by 8.5 cm). It is written in one column per page, 17 lines per page, in small uncial letters.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category III. The surviving fragment of text concurs with Codex Alexandrinus.
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 5th century.
The manuscript was found in Al-Bashnasa.
Text of the manuscript was published in 1908 by B. P. Grenfell and A. S. Hunt.
The codex currently is housed at the University of Chicago Oriental Institute (9351) (P. Oxy 848) in Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="20208959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208959" title="The Trilobites">
The Trilobites

The Trilobites were an Australian power pop/rock band formed in Sydney in June, 1984. Original Trilobites were: Mike Dalton on vocals, Scott Leighton on bass guitar, Martin Martini & Paul Skates on guitars and Paul Styman on drums. Their first two singles, "Venus in Leather"' and "American TV" reached number 1 on the alternative chart. They released three albums, "Turn it Around" in 1987, "Savage Mood Swing" in 1990 and "The Lost Generation" in 1992.
History.
Vocalist Mike Dalton and drummer Paul Styman played together in a high school band, The Pyschotics, in the late 1970s. Bass guitarist Scott Leighton celebrated his 21st birthday in 1984 by showcasing his new band, The United Underworld. Included in The United Underworld were Martin Martini on rhythm guitar, Paul Skates on lead guitar and Paul Styman on drums and Steven Stradbrook on Vocals. Shortly after this performance Dalton was asked to join as vocalist. All members had attended the same high school together, Sydney Technical High School, albeit in different grades. They soon changed their name to The Trilobites and began gigging in Sydney's plethora of suburban and inner city pubs and clubs. They debuted on 20 June 1984, at the Vulcan Hotel in Ultimo (incidentally same as the debut of The Hard Ons). Their first release was an live cassette only album, 'Let's Pump' self-released on Atomic Records. Later, The Citadel label issued the band's first two singles : "Venus in Leather" (1985) and "American T.V." (1986). Both singles reached #1 on the alternative charts, and the band toured to a strong response . Both songs appeared on the Citadel's compilation album "Take Everything, Leave Nothing" (March, 1988). In the meantime, the Trilobites had signed a new deal with the Big Time label which resulted in the single, "Night of the Many Deaths" (May, 1987).
On 24 October 1987 The Trilobites decided to record their show at The Caringbah Inn and turn it into a live LP, "Turn It Around". It was released on the Waterfront label and only as a vinyl release. Waterfront also put out the Trilobites fourth single, "Jenny's Wake" (June, 1988). In 1988 the Trilobites came to the attention of the fledgling rooArt label. The band contributed "All Hail the New Right" to rooArt inaugural "Youngblood" compilation album. That led to a full recording contract which resulted in the release of their EP, "I Can't Wait for the Summer to End" which gained strong success on the American college radio circuit. During March, 1989, The Trilobites' debut studio album, "Savage Mood Swing" was produced by Englishman, Steve James (Toyah, The Lambrettas, John Otway) and released in March, 1990. Between recording the album and its release, the Trilobites also undertook a successful European tour (late 1989). The album was also released in the United States on the Polygram label, with a promised tour of the States. In 1991, following rooART's last minute decision to pull the band's U.S. tour, Dalton left the band to take employment at MTV Australia. and was replaced by Gary Slater (Voodoo Lust). Paul Styman left at this point to be replaced by Glen Abbott. 
This version of the band then released a single, "Tears You Apart/Don't Hide", and a six track mini-LP on vinyl. These songs formed the basis of their second album, "The Lost Generation", which was produced by Rob Younger (Radio Birdman, New Christs). It was released in February, 1992 by Citadel and became the band's final release. The original line-up re-formed for a series of Sydney shows in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20208961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208961" title="417th Weapons Squadron">
417th Weapons Squadron

The 417th Weapons Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the USAF Weapons School based at Holloman AFB, New Mexico. It was inactivated on 14 September 2006.
The squadron was originally activated as the 417th Night Fighter Squadron in 1943. During World War II, the squadron saw action in the European theater, flying both the British Beaufighter and the P-61 Black Widow night fighters. 
In 1966 the unit transitioned to the F-4 Phantom II as the 417th Tactical Fighter Squadron and was engaged in combat during the Vietnam War, being part of two combat deployments. In 1989 as the 417th Tactical Fighter Training Squadron, 37th Tactical Fighter Wing at Tonopah Test Range in Nevada, it was responsible for the replacement training of new F-117A Stealth Fighter pilots.
History.
World War II.
The squadron was established in February 1943 as the 417th Night Fighter Squadron and trained with the 481st Night Fighter Operational Training Group at Orlando Army Air Base. The 417th was the fourth USAAF dedicated night fighter squadron formed. The unit trained in the Douglas P-70, a modified A-20 Havoc bomber using a U.S. version of the British Mk IV radar. At the time the P-70 was the only American night fighter available. Besides routine transition training in the night fighter, the pilots also completed calibration, instrument, navigation flights, and numerous target missions in this period.
The squadron moved to England ans was reassigned to VIII Fighter Command in the European Theater of Operations (ETO) in May 1943. Because the P-70 was not suitable for night combat in Europe, the squadron was equipped with RAF Bristol Beaufighters that were becoming available as RAF units equipped with the De Havilland Mosquito through a "reverse Lend-Lease" program until an American aircraft could be produced. The squadron received additional training with Royal Air Force night fighter units at several bases in early 1943 achieving the first victory on 24 July. Through the summer, they conducted daytime convoy escort and strike missions, but thereafter flew primarily at night. 
The squadron was reassigned to Twelfth Air Force and deployed to Algeria in August 1943. Most of the ex-RAF aircraft they had inherited were battle weary and no supplies of spares were available through the US supply chain. The squadron scrounged a North American B-25 Mitchell, which it named the “Strawberry Roan,” and used it to ranged throughout the Mediterranean in search of Beaufighter parts. The 417th carried out defensive night patrols over Allied held territory during the North African campaign, also conducted night interdiction raids on German positions in Algeria and Tunisia. In April 1944, the 417th transferred to Corsica and resumed patrol activities. In August 1944, the unit supported the Allied invasion of southern France before taking up duty to fly patrol, intruder, and interceptor missions. 
The 417th moved to Belgium, operating from bases in the Low Countries, and moving into northern Germany in early 1944. During March and April 1945, the 417th converted from the Beaufighter to the P-61 Black Widow aircraft. It last major combat operations in the first week of May consisted of nightly patrols and intruder missions against enemy aircraft attempting to harass Seventh Army troops and their bridgeheads across the Rhine River at Ulm, Donauworth, and Dillengen, Germany. 
The squadron remained in Germany after the war as part of the United States Air Forces in Europe. It performed occupation duty for over a year, returning to the United States and inactivating in November 1946.
Cold War.
In November 1952, the Air Force redesignated the unit as the 417th Fighter-Bomber Squadron and activated it on 1 January 1953 at Clovis Air Force Base, New Mexico, for training in F-51D Mustang aircraft. Soon thereafter, the squadron converted to the F-86F Sabre jet, but the transition period extended over a long period due to an acute shortage of trained people. In the Summer, the 417th transferred to Hahn Air Base, West Germany, to become a unit in the United States Air Forces in Europe. The aircraft was deployed to Hahn during Operation Fox Able 20. This marked the first mass flight of an entire tactical wing from the U.S. to continental Europe. At Hahn, the squadron trained in air-to-ground and air-to-air gunnery at places like Furstenfeldbruck Air Base and Giebelstadt Air Base in West Germany and Wheelus Air Base, Libya. 
During early 1958, the 417th turned in its F-86 Sabrejets, and then deployed to Wheelus, where it received F-100 Super Sabre aircraft. The unit remained in Libya for nearly 60 days where its completed transition training in the new aircraft. At Hahn, the unit's mission was the delivery of tactical nuclear weapons against Warsaw Pact forces in the event of an invasion of Western Europe. Its secondary missions were tactical air defense and support for North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) ground forces. Due to the vulnerability of West Germany to Soviet attack, Air Force planners did not want their tactical nuclear weapons in locations that could be quickly overrun by Warsaw Pact forces. When construction was completed at Toul-Rosières Air Base France, the squadron was moved there in July 1956.
On 8 July 1958, the Air Force redesignated the squadron as the 417th Tactical Fighter Squadron. Disagreements arose concerning atomic storage and custody issues within NATO, resulting in a decision to remove United States Air Force atomic-capable units from French soil. The squadron was moved back to Hahn Air Base in December 1959. It remained in West Germany as a tactical fighter squadron, equipped with the F-100 Super Sabre, until 1966, upgrading to the F-4D Phantom II until its inactivation on 30 April 1967. 
The 417th returned from Europe for reassignment at Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho, on 15 July 68 with the 67th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing. From there, it deployed for training at Hahn AB, West Germany 15 January to 3 April 1969 and 11 September to 9 October 1970. 
The return from West Germany, however, brought with it a move to Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico, where the 417th remained until 30 April 1977. This time included several deployments: Takhli Royal Thai Air Force Base, Thailand from 10 May to 30 September 1972; Hahn AB, West Germany, from 3 February to 14 March 1973, 6 March to 5 April 1974, 3 October to 5 November 1975, and 24 August to 26 September 1976; and Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada, 29 November to 19 December 1975. The tours in Thailand led to two honors for Vietnam War service. 
The 417th resumed service when it activated on 1 October 1978 at Zweibrucken Air Base, West Germany, as part of the 26th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing. At that time, however, the squadron only received a few people and one F-4D Phantom II aircraft. The unit transferred to Ramstein Air Base, West Germany on 1 November 1978, but evidently lost its personnel and aircraft to become a paper organization. Moreover, the 417th also transferred from the 26th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing to the 86th Tactical Fighter Wing on 15 November 1981, remaining a paper organization until it inactivated on 15 September 1987.
F-117 Development/Operations.
The I-Unit was activated by Tactical Air Command at Tonopah Test Range Airport, Nevada as a classified unit on 1 October 1985. It began receiving Full-Scale Development F-117A stealth fighters from Lockheed for testing. It was redesignated as the 4453d Test and Evaluation Squadron as part of the 4450th Tactical Group, performing training missions with the F-117A in a clandestine environment. All Tonopah training flights were conducted at night under the cover of darkness until late 1988. On 10 November 1988, the Air Force brought the F-117A from behind a "black veil" by publicly acknowledging its existence, but provided few details about it. The official confirmation of the F-117A's existence, however, had little impact on Tonopah operations. Pilots began occasionally flying the F-117A during the day, but personnel were still ferried to and from work each Monday and Friday from Nellis. Everyone associated with the project was still forbidden to talk about what they did for a living, and the program remained shrouded in secrecy. 
The 4453d was inactivated and its personnel and equipment transferred to the 417th Tactical Fighter Training Squadron on 5 October 1989 when the 4450th was inactivated and replaced by the 37th Tactical Fighter Wing. It became responsible for the replacement training of new F-117A stealth fighter pilots. In the realignment of F-117A squadrons, the 415th and 416th were assigned production F-117As; the 417th was assigned pre-production F-117As, along with T-38 Talon trainers for pilot transition training to the F-117. 
In January 1991, the F-117As of the 417th were deployed to deployed to King Khalid International Airport, Saudi Arabia, where they saw combat during Operation Desert Storm. After combat ended, the squadron returned home to Tonopah in early April 1991. After Desert Storm, the 417th was assigned to the new 37th Operations Group and redesignated the 417th Fighter Squadron as part of the wing's adoption of the Air Force Objective Wing organization. 
In 1992, as part of the post Cold War budget cutbacks in the Air Force, the F-117As were moved to Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico. The 37th Fighter Wing and its subordinate organizations were inactivated and the aircraft, equipment, personnel and mission of the squadron were assigned to the 49th Operations Group. In 1993, squadron transferred its F-117s to the 7th Fighter Squadron and inactivated for budgetary reasons.
USAF Weapons School.
The Air Force Chief of Staff directed the creation of the F-117 Division, USAF Weapons School in May 2002 at at Holloman AFB, New Mexico. The initial cadre class began in January 2003, and the validation class began their training in July 2003. On 13 August 2003, the F-117 Division was replacec by the 417th Weapons Squadron. The 417th WS was a Geographically Separated Unit of the 57th Wing. 
The squadron provided advanced training to F-117A instructor pilots. The course included 26 syllabus sorties, seven simulator missions, four mission planning exercises and more than 400 hours of academics. It was inactivated along with F-117A in September 2006.
References.
Bibliography.
Further Reading

</doc>
<doc id="20208972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208972" title="Household pennants of Finland">
Household pennants of Finland

Household pennants in Finland is quite common Finnish tradition. A household pennant (, ) can be flown whenever there is no flag day and it is usually a means of telling that the "master of the house" is at home. These pennants have a long, narrow, triangular shape, usually half the length of the flag pole. The triangle has a base of roughly one tenth of the length and it is connected to the pole via a single lanyard, giving the pennant the ability to rotate while flying.
The different regions of Finland have been connected with some traditional colors (often from the coats of arms oh the historical provinces of Finland and modern provinces), and these are often reflected in the household pennant. The pennants sometimes also incorporate the regional arm into the design. The shapes, designs and uses of the pennants are however not regulated by law, as long as they do not interfere with uses of the regular flag, which is regulated. It is also allowed to fly a pennant overnight. In addition to the general pennant (which is based on the flag of Finland) and the regional variants, there are also family, city and municipality variants, of which any may be flown. A common practice is to either fly the pennant of the region of residence or the pennant from which the family members come.
Finnish regional household pennants.
As the Finnish household pennant is connected to the pole with a single lanyard, the pennant has the ability to revolve around its horizontal axis. Thus, an actual pennant does not have a "top" side.

</doc>
<doc id="20208974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208974" title="Emotional Animal">
Emotional Animal

Emotional Animal is the third solo album by King's X frontman Doug Pinnick released in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20208991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20208991" title="Berk–Tabatznik syndrome">
Berk–Tabatznik syndrome

Berk–Tabatznik syndrome is a condition with an unknown cause that shows symptoms of short stature, congenital optic atrophy and brachytelephalangy. This condition is extremely rare with only two cases being found.

</doc>
<doc id="20209033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209033" title="Caloptilia rufipennella">
Caloptilia rufipennella

Caloptilia rufipennella (commonly known as Small Red Slender) is a moth of the Gracillariidae family that is found throughout Europe.
The wingspan is . The moth flies from August to the next spring.
The larvae feed on "Acer pseudoplatanus".

</doc>
<doc id="20209037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209037" title="WebScarab">
WebScarab

WebScarab is a web security application testing tool. It serves as a proxy intercepting web browser web requests and web server replies. 
WebScarab has been developed as open source by The Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP). It is currently implemented in Java for cross-platform purposes. WebScarab acts as a proxy and intercepts agent HTTP and HTTPS requests from the user agent. The operator may edit captured requests before sending them to the server, allowing them to modify the content to their needs.
Web scarab also offers recording of traffic, for further review.

</doc>
<doc id="20209046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209046" title="Monodendri, Ioannina">
Monodendri, Ioannina

Monodendri () is a village in the Ioannina regional unit (Epirus region) in Greece. It is part of the municipal unit of Central Zagori in the Zagori region, and is located 41 km north of the city of Ioannina.
Monodendri is built at a height of 1060 meters and retains much of the traditional stone-built architecture.
History.
The name "Monodendri" came into use only in the beginning of the 19th century. Its origin is in a very large tree, whose remains still existed in 1910. The village was previously considered a neighbourhood of Vitsa. 
As with the other Zagori villages, Monodendri enjoyed an extended period of commercial and economic prosperity during the 17th and 18th centuries. There were schools built, churches in the Byzantine style and luxurious stone manors (). The first school, the Scholarcheion, was`founded in 1750. In the school taught among others Paparousis, who later in 1814 taught in the Academy of Bucharest and in Vienna, where he published an article on Physical Science in Logios Hermes (Hermes ho Logios). In the Scholarcheion also taught the renowned Neophytos Dotos (1814–18) and Anastasios Sakellarios from 1825 to 1830, when he left to direct the new Zosimaia School in Ioannina. The school is said to have had also some distinguished students, among them Georgios Gennadios and the revolutionary leader Markos Botsaris from Souli.
Monodendri was the birthplace of the merchants and national benefactors Manthos and Georgios Rizaris, and of Angelos Kitsos (former president of the Rizarios Foundation). There were three schools in Monodendri in the 19th century, a primary school (“Ellinikon” or "Common School of Greek Studies " (Greek: Κοινή Σχολή Ελληνικών Μαθημάτων) founded by the brothers Manthos and Georgios Rizaris in 1835) and housed in their original home, an Allelodidaktikon (high school) and a school for girls, the Parthenagogeion, also founded by the Rizaris brothers in 1841. 
Monodendrites usually immigrated to Macedonia and Southern Greece. Outside Greece, they immigrated to Egypt, Romania, Asia Minor, Africa and the U.S.A. 
Architecture.
The church of Aghios Athanasios, in the middle of the central square, is of significant historical value. The bequests of the Rizari brothers are visible in the village today, and include the Rizarios Exhibition Center, the Rizarios Handicraft School and the primary school. The amphitheatrically built stone theater, in the village end, is used for cultural festivals during the summer months.
The monastery of St Elias dates from the period of the foundation of Monodendri at the turn of the 15th century. From the same time dates also the church of St George (Agios Georgios). Georgios Gennadios and Markos Botsaris were during their childhood students at the monastery of St Elias.
Because of its scenery and traditional architecture Monodendri attracts some tourism, especially during the Christmas period.

</doc>
<doc id="20209050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209050" title="Archie Carpenter">
Archie Carpenter

Archie Carpenter is a fictional character from the long-running Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks", played by Stephen Beard. The character first appeared on-screen on 3 November 2008 until his exit on 28 May 2010. He was introduced as the younger brother of then established Zoe Carpenter, when he moved into the college halls of residence. In March 2010, series producer Paul Marquess axed the character as part of his cast cull and major revamp of the series.
Character creation.
Background.
Archie's character was created to be a new student studying at Hollyoaks Community College and was given immediate links with other characters such as an on-screen sister, Zoe Carpenter. It has been mentioned on and off screen that the two character experienced different upbringings from their parents.
Casting.
Auditions were held for the part of Archie Carpenter with the result of the auditions seen to be unique other castings within the series as the news of the actor to portray the character first surfaced on a reality television series. In 2007 a new reality television series was commissioned by MTV in the United Kingdom called "Living on the Edge", which focused on teenagers living their lives in the wealthy village of Alderley Edge in the United Kingdom. During series two only one cast member returned to the series, Stephen Beard. Whilst the second season was airing Beard was seen auditioning for various roles and documented the whole audition process for the character of Archie. He was later offered the part on a six month contract, later being offered another contract for the same period of time.
In early 2010 it was announced that Allan had stepped down from the position of executive producer, with Paul Marquess taking over the role. It was soon revealed that he planned revamp Hollyoaks, changing the productions team, then began a cast cull starting with the axing of three established characters. Stephanie Waring (who plays Cindy Hutchinson) then revealed that all remaining cast members feared their characters would be next to depart from the series. One month later the cast cull continued as Marquess announced his plans to axe a further 11 characters, including Archie at the end of Beard's contract. He finished filming in early 2010
Character development.
Personality and identity.
Archie has been portrayed as a promiscuous character, one that doesn't think of the consequences of his hasty actions. At the time of joining the show, Beard said of his character: "He is a bit of a womaniser, he's constantly on the look out for new talent but he gets shot down a lot too, I think he thinks far too highly of himself! He'll go to the point that not many blokes will, he will never give up." In an interview with media website Digital Spy he said of his character: "He's definitely a wild one. People who have watched Living On The Edge may draw some comparisons. I go to a certain point in life, but Archie's definitely got bigger balls - he'll take things all the way. He's got no fear. At the same time, though, he has a sensitive side. He's like the big class clown but when he gets a knock, he really feels it. I think Archie's intended to bring a bit of light-hearted humour to the show." He has also been described as a wannabe entrepreneur coming up with wild ideas of how to make money fast. The character's promiscuous ways have been clearly portrayed on-screen through his many one night stands with characters including: Sarah Barnes, Hayley Ramsey, India Longford and Myra McQueen.
Storylines.
In December 2008, Leila Roy accused him of stealing chocolates from her advent calendar however it was later revealed she had been sleepwalking and stole them herself. He shares a kiss with Sarah Barnes, who later witnesses Archie intimate with another girl. Archie attempts to reunite with Sarah occasionally, however she continuously rejected him. In a final attempt to regain her affection, he posts a billboard of himself half-nude. In February 2009, he kisses Sarah again. In March, Sarah succumbs to temptations and begins a relationship with him however Sarah dumps him as she notices his affection for her lesbian friend Lydia Hart. Sarah revengefully dances with Lydia. In June, Archie endeavours to prevent his parents from uncovering Zoe's failed college course by "collapsing". Myra McQueen resuscitates him and he verbally abuses by calling her a "troll", leading to Myra and Mercedes Fisher trying to attack him. Later, Archie was undressed in bed, kissing an unseen person. He lay back and confesses to sleeping with Myra. Archie, along with Kris Fisher, Elliot Bevan and Zak Ramsey, move into Warren Fox's old flat after his death. While clearing out the attic, the boys found £100,000 of Warrens money and agree to keep the money safe for months, deciding if the money didn't belong to anyone, they would split it four ways. However, things become dangerous as Archie's greediness worsens. He calls his friend Jed to assist him in pretending to kidnap him in order for the other boys to give Jed the money, leading to Archie fleeing with it. However, Kris runs to Nancy Hayton's house with the money and plans to go to the police. Jed actually kidnaps Archie seriously and gives him an ultimatum; either he receives the money or he would throw Archie over a roof. Elliot, Zak, Kris and Nancy salvaged him but, realising how the money affected their friendship, Kris abandoned it. After this, everyone neglected Archie, furious for Archie's betrayal.
During Freshers week, Archie has a one-night-stand with India Longford and humiliates her by ignoring her publicly. In October 2009, Archie receives a call, which he doesn't identify on screen. The unknown caller informs him that Zoe is charged with the murder of her best friend and Archie's ex-girlfriend Sarah Barnes who has just died in a skydiving accident when her parachute failed to deploy which resulted in her death. Unbeknown to everyone, Lydia Hart Sarah's girlfriend has framed Zoe for Sarah's death as she was the culprit who sabotaged Sarah's parachute that was intended to kill Zoe. Archie is keen to support his sister. During an argument with Lydia, Archie realises Lydia was the saboteur and accuses her during Sarah's wake. Zoe is found not guilty with everyone believing Sarah committed suicide. Archie develops a drug habit and drops an ecstasy tablet in Nancy's flat which is then nearly taken by her young nephew Charlie Dean. Elliot also gets the blame as he had let Archie in. Neither Nancy nor Elliot want to speak to Archie again. On a night out with Kris and Zak, Archie makes comments about Zak's dead brother Caleb who was killed on patrol in Afghanistan. These comments offended Zak and he punches Archie. This leaves Archie with no friends in the village. Archie leaves after Elliot is taken into hospital having taken Archie's pills.
Reception.
In 2009 Ruth Deller of entertainment website Lowculture criticised Archie stating: "Zoe’s generic lairy student brother serves no purpose, essentially being an even more obnoxious version of Zak, whilst Zak is still on the show. And there’s no believability about his relationship with Zoe whatsoever."

</doc>
<doc id="20209057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209057" title="Mario Massa">
Mario Massa

Mario Massa (June 20, 1892 – February 16, 1956) was an Italian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics, in the 1912 Summer Olympics, and in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Nervi.
In 1908 he was eliminated in the first round of the 400 metre freestyle event.
Four years later he was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 100 metre freestyle competition. He also participated in the 400 metre freestyle event and in the 1500 metre freestyle competition but in both he was eliminated in the first round.
At the 1920 Games he was a member of the Italian relay team which finished fifth in the 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay competition. In the 100 metre freestyle event he was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="20209069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209069" title="Nagardev">
Nagardev

Nagardev was the son-in-law of Raja Bhimdev and brother-in-law of Pratapbimba. He ruled the islands of Mumbai from 1331 to 1347 or 1348. In 1347, Nika Malik, a General of the Delhi Sultanate made a three pronged attack on Thana, Mahim, and Rarjapore near Marol. He lost his life whild defending his capital. His queen continued to fight but she too. was slain. Nagardev was defeated by the Muslim rulers and the islands came under their control, thus ending the sovereignty of Hindu rulers over the islands of Bombay.

</doc>
<doc id="20209083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209083" title="Jacques d'Amboise (doctor)">
Jacques d'Amboise (doctor)

Jacques d'Amboise (1559–1606) was a French doctor and surgeon.
Life.
He was the grandson of Michel d'Amboise and the son of Jean d'Amboise, surgeon to kings Francis I of France, Henry II, Francis II, Charles IX and Henry III.
Jacques was himself surgeon to Henry III, and got himself noticed when he dissected a woman before Ambroise Paré and several grand-masters of surgery aged only 20. He then became a doctor of medicine, then doctor to king Henry IV of France. In 1594, he was elected rector of the université de Paris. In 1596, he was made professor at the Collège royal, where the medicine chair is named after him.
The university's oath of loyalty to Henry IV and the trial that brought it under the Jesuits fell under his rectorate. As rector, he pronounced bloody haranagues against the Jesuits to the parlement on 12 May and 13 July 1594.
Jacques d'Amboise was also the brother of François d'Amboise, king's advocate to the parlement de Paris, and of Adrien d'Amboise, almoner of Henry IV and bishop of Tréguier.

</doc>
<doc id="20209091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209091" title="Gracillaria syringella">
Gracillaria syringella

The Lilac Leafminer or Privet Leafminer ("Gracillaria syringella") is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 10–13 mm. The moth flies in May and again in July depending on the location.
The caterpillars feed on "Ligustrum" and "Syringa" and are considered a garden pest.

</doc>
<doc id="20209096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209096" title="Student loan default in the United States">
Student loan default in the United States

Defaulting on a student loan in the United States can have a number of negative consequences. To understand loan default, it is helpful to have a few common terms defined:
Consequences.
Defaulting on a loan can adversely affect credit for many years. Default typically occurs when a loan receives no payment for 270 days. The loan leaves repayment status and is due in full when the lender requests. New collection costs are added to the loan’s balance and the loan becomes drastically more expensive than before. These costs can be reduced or eliminated through negotiation or legal action.
There are other negative consequences resulting from a defaulted loan. A student who wishes to return to school cannot qualify for federal aid in the United States until satisfactory payment arrangements are made on the defaulted loan or the loan is rehabilitated, a process that can take as long as a full year of on-time payments.
Individuals who are worried that they are unable to service their student loan debt should receive advice and counseling. There are few options available for American students other than payment in full. The Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act makes discharging student loans through bankruptcy virtually impossible. Critics have noted that this lack of bankruptcy protection for consumers results in a "risk-free" loan for creditors, removing pressure on creditors to negotiate lower payments.
Garnishment of wages and tax refund.
In addition, the IRS can take the borrower’s income tax refund until the defaulted loan is paid in full. This is a popular way of collecting on loan debt, and the Department of Education collects hundreds of millions of dollars this way.
To object, a written statement must be presented within 65 days of the IRS’ notice, and must give evidence of any of the following:
The government can also garnish wages as a way to recover money owed on a defaulted student loan. The United States Department of Education or a Student Loan Guarantor can garnish 15% of a defaulted borrower’s wages. The loan holder does not have to sue the borrower first. The borrower can object to the garnishment, but only under very specific circumstances, such as if his weekly gross income is less than equivalent to 30 hours at the federal minimum wage (currently $7.25/hr x 30 hrs = $217.50).
Defaulting on student loans can also end in a lawsuit. The government and private lenders can sue in order to collect on loans. There is no time limit on suing to collect on federal student loans, and the borrower can be sued indefinitely. Private student loans, in most cases, are subject to statute of limitations laws depending on the state.
Getting out of default.
There are rehabilitation programs designed to help borrowers get out of debt. Rehabilitation is a federally mandated program that gives federal student loan borrowers a way to bring their loans out of default. Rehabilitation can reverse the many negative consequences of defaulting on a student loan, and participation is one of the few rights granted to federal education loan borrowers.
In the rehabilitation program, a borrower must do a number of things. He or she must make at least 9 qualifying, on-time student loan payments. If any payments are missed, the borrower must begin the repayment schedule from the beginning. After borrowers complete the agreement, the guarantor transfers the loan to a lender and servicer. The loan is then considered out of default and back into repayment.
Rehabilitation benefits.
After completing loan rehabilitation, borrowers once again become eligible to receive financial aid. With the loan no longer in default, wage garnishment and the seizure of tax refunds ceases. Borrowers are able to apply for deferment and forbearance benefits as long as these have not been exhausted during default. And last, the outstanding balance of the loan is no longer due in full.
Default Prevention Initiatives.
Several new initiatives have arisen to combat high student loan cohort default rates, including an outreach effort by the Department of Education to borrowers struggling to repay their loans, and an interactive financial education platform developed by iGrad, a web-based financial literacy and student loan educator.
References.
[http://www.financialaidfinder.com/financial-aid/seeking-financial-aid/student-loans/ Financial Aid Finder. Retrieved on October 13, 2008.<br>
[. Retrieved on October 13, 2008.<br>
[http://www.asa.org/resource-center/archive/february/tax-refund-garnishment.aspx American Student Assistance. Retrieved on May 14, 2010.<br>
[http://www.nolo.com/article.cfm/objectId/76BDA7E4-496A-4602-AC7C62F179C9A46D/catID/2E00F7A7-E208-4858-BD0B8308A4D30D8A/213/208/135/ART/ Nolo. Retrieved on October 13, 2008.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20209119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209119" title="Agostino Frassinetti">
Agostino Frassinetti

Agostino Frassinetti (1897 – 1968) was an Italian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Genoa.
In 1920 he was a member of the Italian relay team which finished fifth in the 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay competition. In the 100 metre freestyle event he was eliminated in the semi-finals.
Four years later at the Paris Games he was eliminated with the Italian relay team in the semi-finals of the 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay contest.

</doc>
<doc id="20209138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209138" title="Yvonne Oddon">
Yvonne Oddon

Yvonne Oddon (1902–1982) was one of the leaders in the reformation of French libraries, and a member of the French Resistance in World War II.
Biography.
Yvonne Oddon was born in Gap, Hautes-Alpes to a Protestant family. After secondary school studies and a year as a lecturer in Wales, she was admitted to the school of Library Studies in Paris built after World War I with the help of American aid. She there became an assistant and in 1926-1928 went on a training course to the United States. On her return to France in 1929 she became a librarian at the Trocadéro Museum in the Palais de Chaillot while continuing her activity in the Council of Librarians and Association of French Librarians. Her name remains attached to the "Guide du bibliothécaire amateur" (Guide for the amateur librarian), published in 1930 by Charles-Henri Bach; and this with the text revised and corrected became the "Petit guide du bibliothécaire" being considerably added to after 1945 and republished under two names with certain editions being illustrated. The Trocadéro Museum became the Musée de l'Homme, and its library, open to the public and methodically classified (according to an adaptation of the classification of the Library of Congress) represents a turning point in study library management. For the Universal Exhibition of 1947 she was given the task of organising the Libraries section.
In 1940 she took part, with Boris Vildé and Agnès Humbert, in the creation of a resistance group called the Groupe du musée de l'Homme, initially to help prisoners and aviators to escape. She was also present at the birth of a clandestine newspaper named "Résistance". On 10 February 1941 the participants of the group were arrested following their denunciation by an employee. On 7 February 1942, the six men in the group were sentenced to death, but for the three women, including Yvonne Oddon, the sentence was suspended and they were deported to Germany. Yvonne went to several prisons before being sent to the camp at Ravensbrück on 20 November 1944. Freed by the International Red Cross, she arrived back in Paris on 14 April 1945 as part of an exchange negotiated between the Red Cross and Heinrich Himmler.
After the war, Yvonne Oddon, while continuing her work at the Musée de l'Homme, took part in numerous missions under the aegis of UNESCO (Haïti, 1949) and took part in the organisation of education conferences based in Malmö in 1950 and in Ibadan in 1954; then the creation of the International Council of Museums, for which she made a classification system; and she took part, after her retirement, in numerous missions, particularly to the Museum centre in Jos, Nigeria. 
She was awarded the rank of "Chevalier" (Légion d'honneur) for her resistance work and was later promoted to "Officier".
She died in 1982, and was buried at Menglon (Drôme), the cradle of her family.

</doc>
<doc id="20209153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209153" title="Terry Hicks">
Terry Hicks

Terry Hicks (born 1945) is an Australian man who is known for his campaign for his son David, who was convicted by the United States of America Guantanamo Military Commission under the Military Commissions Act of 2006 on charges of providing material support for terrorism. 
Terry Hicks' campaign included staying in a Guantanamo Bay-sized cage on a New York pavement and outside a convention centre in Adelaide, confronting Prime Minister John Howard on talkback radio and being interviewed by "al-Jazeera". 
In 2006 Hicks was nominated by ACT Chief Minister Jon Stanhope for the Australian Father of the Year award. A documentary, "The President Versus David Hicks", was made about Hicks' attempts to discover what happened to his son.
Hicks is married with two children.

</doc>
<doc id="20209154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209154" title="Antonio Quarantotto">
Antonio Quarantotto

Antonio Quarantotto (1897 – 1987) was an Italian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
In 1920 he was a member of the Italian relay team which finished fifth in the 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay competition. He also participated in the 400 metre freestyle event and in the 1500 metre freestyle competition but in both he was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="20209173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209173" title="Northeastern Railroad">
Northeastern Railroad

Northeastern Railroad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20209176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209176" title="St Grada and Holy Cross Church, Grade">
St Grada and Holy Cross Church, Grade

St Grada & Holy Cross Church, Grade is the Church of England parish church of Grade with Ruan, Cornwall.
History.
The church of St Grada and Holy Cross has mediaeval origins: however, apart from the tower, the present structure dates from 1862. The parish was called St Cross in 1261, but by 1310 it was known as St Grada, Virgin. The font dates from the 13th century and the church contains a brass to James Eryssy and his wife, 1522.
Parish status.
St Grada & Holy Cross is part of a group of parishes comprising:
The settlements of Grade, Ruan Major and Ruan Minor were united into a single civil parish called Grade-Ruan in 1934. The former parish church of Ruan Major is now in ruins.

</doc>
<doc id="20209213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209213" title="Gilio Bisagno">
Gilio Bisagno

Gilio Bisagno (January 31, 1902 – 1987) was an Italian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Sampierdarena.
In 1920 he was a member of the Italian relay team which finished fifth in the 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay competition. He also participated in the 400 metre freestyle event and in the 1500 metre freestyle competition but in both he was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="20209227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209227" title="SM U-2 (Austria-Hungary)">
SM U-2 (Austria-Hungary)

SM "U-2 or U-II" was a "U-1"-class submarine or U-boat built for and operated by the Austro-Hungarian Navy (). "U-2" was designed by American Simon Lake's Lake Torpedo Boat Company and built at the navy yard in Pola. She was one of two Lake-designed submarines purchased as part of a competitive evaluation of three foreign submarine designs.
"U-2" was launched in April 1909 and was long and displaced almost surfaced and just under when submerged. The Austro-Hungarian Navy conducted trials for "U-2" through 1910. The U-boat was originally powered by two gasoline engines for surface running, and two electric motors when submerged, but during her evaluation period, the gasoline engines were found to be incapable of reaching the contracted speed. "U-2" was commissioned in June 1911 and served as a training boat for the Austro-Hungarian Navy through 1914.
At the beginning of World War I, "U-2" was not operational because she was in drydock awaiting replacement diesel engines. With her new engines and a new conning tower installed by June 1915, "U-2" conducted reconnaissance cruises out of Trieste but was declared obsolete in early 1918. "U-2" remained in service as a training boat at the submarine base on Brioni, but was at Pola at the end of the war. She was ceded to Italy as a war reparation in 1920 and scrapped at Pola. "U-2" did not sink any ships during the war.
Design and construction.
"U-2" was built as part of a plan by the Austro-Hungarian Navy to competitively evaluate foreign submarine designs from Simon Lake, Germaniawerft, and John Philip Holland. The Austro-Hungarian Navy ordered plans for "U-2" (and sister ship "U-1") in 1906 from the Lake Torpedo Boat Company of Bridgeport, Connecticut. "U-2" was built at the Pola Navy Yard and was launched on 3 April 1909.
"U-2" had several features typical of Lake's designs, including a diving chamber under the bow and two variable pitch propellers. Lake's design also called for two retractable wheels that allowed travel over the seabed. The design also placed the diving tanks above the waterline of the single, cylindrical hull, which necessitated a heavy ballast keel for vertical stability. This arrangement required mechanical pumping, a procedure that took 8 minutes. "U-2"s propulsion system consisted of two gasoline engines for surface running and two electric motors for running while submerged.
The boat was long by abeam and had a draft of . As designed, her displacement was surfaced and submerged. She was outfitted with three torpedo tubes—two in the bow, one in the stern—and could carry up to five torpedoes, but typically carried three. "U-2" was also armed with a deck gun.
Service career.
Upon "U-2"s completion, the Austro-Hungarian Navy conducted trials of the submarine throughout most of 1910. "U-2"s gasoline engines were never able to meet the speed called for in the contract during the Navy evaluations, and were considered not suitable for wartime use. As a result, the Navy only paid for "U-2"s hull and armament, and arranged a lease of the gasoline engines while replacement diesel engines were ordered from the Austrian firm "Maschinenfabrik" Leobersdorf. Despite the engine problems, "U-2" and her sister ship had the best performance in diving and steering amongst the U-boats under evaluation by the Navy.
"U-2" was commissioned into the Austro-Hungarian Navy on 22 June 1911 under the command of "Linienschiffsleutnant" Klemens Ritter von Bézard. "U-2" served as a training boat through 1915, conducting up to ten training cruises per month. At the outbreak of World War I, she was in drydock awaiting the installation of her new diesel engines. To accommodate the new engines, she was lengthened by about . The modifications and new engines lowered her surface displacement to but increased her submerged displacement to .
From January to June 1915, "U-2" underwent a refit and received a new conning tower. She was stationed at Trieste in mid July and conducted reconnaissance cruises from that port. On 11 January 1918, she was declared obsolete, but was retained as a training boat at the submarine base on Brioni. "U-2" was at Pola at the war's end, and was scrapped after her cession to Italy as a war reparation in 1920. "U-2" did not sink any ships during the war.

</doc>
<doc id="20209232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209232" title="AEGIS (research network)">
AEGIS (research network)

AEGIS is a research network of European centres in African studies, which aims to create synergies between experts and institutions. With primary emphasis on Social Sciences and Humanities, AEGIS' main goal is to improve understanding about contemporary African societies.
AEGIS was founded in 1991 by African studies centres in Bayreuth, Bordeaux, Leiden, London, and Uppsala. In the course of a decade, it developed into a network that included centres from more and more European countries. An executive committee of three was constituted. and has been elected every two years. Yearly meetings of the member centres were instrumental for the development of multiple links between them. Starting in 1998, international conferences on a variety of thematic areas were organized in different countries. 
In the new millennium, the organization of European Conferences on African Studies (ECAS), open to everybody, became the central activity. These conferences are taking place every two years, always in a different country. The first European Conference on African Studies was held at the School of Oriental and African Studies and the Institute of Commonwealth Studies in London in July 2005; the second Conference was held at the African Studies Centre in Leiden, Netherlands, in July 2007. ECAS 2009 was held in Leipzig and ECAS 2011 was organized by the Nordic Africa Institute at Uppsala. The 5th European Conference on African Studies was organized in 2013 by the Centro de Estudos Africanos at ISCTE-University Institute of Lisbon. In 2015 the 6th ECAS will be held in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20209245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209245" title="Taras Shevchenko (disambiguation)">
Taras Shevchenko (disambiguation)

Taras Shevchenko may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20209247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209247" title="Monkstown Football Club">
Monkstown Football Club

Monkstown Football Club is an Irish rugby club based in Dublin. They currently play in Division One of the Leinster League.
In addition to the First XV, they also have Second (J2), Third (J3) and Fourth (J4) XV's, a mini rugby section and a Golden Oldies team.
History.
The club was founded in 1883 in Monkstown as the name suggests, but moved to the Sandymount area in 1901 after leasing grounds at Sydney Parade from the Earl of Pembroke.
They have always had a military connection, with British Army soldiers among the players. In fact, many of their players were casualties in the Boer War and the First World War, including internationals Ernest Deane, Basil Maclear and Pierce O'Brien-Butler. Since Irish independence many servicemen - soldiers, sailors as well as airmen - have turned out for the club and Leinster provincial teams. The Irish Defence Forces team regularly play their French counterparts at Sydney Parade.
Monkstown have hosted a number of international teams over the years, such as Australia, when they won the World Cup in 1991.
They have played in the Leinster League since 2003 and only narrowly failed to qualify for Division Three of the AIB League after winning the league in 2005/06.

</doc>
<doc id="20209255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209255" title="Theresa McQueen">
Theresa McQueen

Theresa Mariah Magdalene McQueen is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks", played by Jorgie Porter. She made her first appearance in November 2008. The character was introduced as an extension of already established McQueen family. She has featured in numerous high-profile storylines, including underage sex, the murder of Calvin Valentine, teenage pregnancy, being the target of a serial killer and falling down a lift shaft. Porter announced she had quit the serial in 2013 and Theresa departed on 9 January 2014.
Casting.
The character was announced in early November 2008. 20-year-old actress Jorgie Porter was cast as Myra McQueen's (Nicole Barber-Lane) 15-year-old niece, Theresa. She was described as a "teen temptress" and "lolita type". Porter, speaking of her new role, said: "I'm thrilled to be joining not just "Hollyoaks" but one of soap's most notorious families. Although she's feisty with outsiders, Theresa's ranking within the family is low so she's eager to impress. I can’t wait to see how Theresa earns her stripes as part of the McQueen clan!" Due to the departures of Tina McQueen (Leah Hackett) and John Paul McQueen (James Sutton) earlier in 2008, "Hollyoaks" producer Bryan Kirkwood added a new member to the McQueen family. Theresa was mentioned earlier before her entrance to the soap on-screen during a conversation between Myra and Nana McQueen (Diane Langton), her mother Kathleen McQueen (Alison Burrows) was also mentioned when it was revealed she was in prison.
Development.
Characterisation.
The character of Theresa was first described as "A 'teen temptress' and 'Lolita type' who has a distinct lack of self-awareness. Her vulnerability is her status within her family and she is alert to the fact that she has a long way to go before she becomes a real member of the McQueens." Also her keen love of men was noted. In 2010, Porter commented on the character, saying: "She's got load of attitude, but she's got a good heart, too. Although she'd probably flirt with your boyfriend. She wouldn't mean to hurt you, but she'd think, 'Your boyfriend fancies me. Watcha gonna do?'" Following the revelation that Theresa shot Calvin Valentine (Ricky Whittle), Porter commented about what it would show from Theresa's character, saying: "I was a bit excited, too, because it's another side Theresa can show."
Calvin's murder and pregnancy.
In December 2009, "Hollyoaks" broadcast the first ever flashforward episode. The episode, set in May 2010, featured the wedding of Calvin and Carmel Valentine (Gemma Merna), as well as the murder of Calvin. This started a six month long 'whodunnit'. During May 2010, Theresa was revealed as the killer. When asked what her reaction to the news that she was the murderer, Porter said: "I was a bit gutted because I thought I'd be gone, because everyone gets puts away for life if they kill someone. I believe one day she should get her comeuppance and I think she does." In an interview with Digital Spy, Porter was asked what happened in the aftermath, saying: "It's the whole guilt trip really. It was never planned because Theresa's not that type of person. She's not a murderer — she's a 17-year-old girl with little girl tendencies. She wants to talk about boys and clothes and make-up, then this comes along and totally changes her." She also explained Theresa's motive: "Well, she'd recently had a night of naughtiness with Calvin, and as a result she fell pregnant. She was really stressed out about it and he's getting married so she thinks, 'If I go and tell him maybe he won't get married to her and maybe he'll want to bring up the baby with '. I think she thought he would be with her." Porter admitted that she thinks it allows viewers to see a "completely different side to her character," but also believes Theresa is probably "a little too young." She also admitted her view on Theresa's personality after Calvin's murder: "You see her become really vulnerable. You saw her vulnerable when her mum left but this is a total helplessness, she just doesn't know what to do."
Whittle, who portrayed Calvin, told Inside Soap that he was "very surprised" when he learnt the identity of the killer. He later admitted he wanted a different killer. He stated: "My opinion was it would have been someone else. If I was going to pick a killer for Calvin I don't think anyone had a strong enough motive apart from Mercedes, Malachy and Spencer. Obviously, with Malachy, I was sleeping with his wife. Mercedes is a woman scorned, and I don't think Spencer understands consequences so he could probably act without realising that if he shot Calvin he would die and that would be forever. I thought it could possibly been him because he was upset that Calvin left Warren to die, so those are the only three I felt had enough motive to pull the trigger."
Along with Calvin's murder, Theresa's next main storyline was her pregnancy. Porter commented on having to wear the fake bump, saying: "It's so hot! I have to wear a big padded bra as well as the bump and I can get quite irritable." She also expressed her concern about acting with a child: "I'm not looking forward to acting with a baby, either. Some kids can be quite laid-back, but I've worked with ones who've just screamed in my face the whole time. Nightmare!" After Theresa gave birth to Angel McQueen in "Hollyoaks Later", Merna, who plays Carmel, explained Carmel's plan to take baby Angel and raise her as her own: "In Carmel's mind, the baby is hers. It's Calvin's baby, therefore it is her baby because they were supposed to be the ones who were going to have a child together. She's really angry and wants to make Theresa pay for ruining her life. But she also dearly wants to bring the baby up. She believes she can give Angel a better life than Theresa, who's young and still wants to go out and have fun."
Storylines.
Theresa is first mentioned by Myra McQueen (Nicole Barber-Lane) and Nana McQueen one month before her introduction. During her arrival, Theresa is attracted with Tony Hutchinson in The Loft, whom she meets during an educational-themed night. Sexual tension mounts between the pair and ultimately spend the night together, with Tony unaware that she is only fifteen. Theresa falls in love with Tony, who realises her deception, and destroys any chances of a future with him. A dejected Theresa turns to her family, the McQueens. Jacqui Malota (Claire Cooper), who is still infuriated with Tony for his fling with her sister Mercedes, is angered with Tony for his night with Theresa. She immediately calls the police, who charge him. Theresa then moves in with the McQueens, sharing a room with cousin Michaela McQueen, whom she previously had turned to for advice. Jacqui is not pleased at Theresa moving in but soon warms. Theresa then tells the police she was deceptive about spending the night with Tony, who is released. Theresa finds an unlikely friendship in Anita Roy and auditions for the part of The Virgin Mary in a nativity play produced by older cousin Carmel Valentine and Cindy Cunningham (Stephanie Waring). However, she is heckled off the stage by some teenagers, who clearly know she is not a virgin. On Christmas Day, Anita finds a DVD containing CCTV footage of Warren Fox sleeping with Mandy Richardson (Sarah Jayne Dunn) and gives it to the McQueens, who set off to ruin Warren's wedding to Louise Summers (Roxanne McKee). Theresa begins battling against Lauren Valentine (Dominique Jackson) for friendship with Anita. When Lauren makes a comment about the McQueens, Theresa reminds her that Carmel is married to Lauren's brother Calvin. Theresa follows her family by using a fake pregnancy bump to shoplift. Having a proper relationship with Ste Hay (Kieron Richardson), Theresa is dumped by him, who wants to focus on son Lucas Hay (Jude).
After the McQueens home becomes infested with rats, Theresa and Carmel move in with Anita and her family. Anita begins to feel she is ugly and becomes increasingly ashamed of her skin colour after racial abuse from Gaz Bennett (Joel Goonan). She starts using Theresa's picture to speak to a boy named Ricky Campbell (Ashley Margolis) on the internet. Theresa finds out about Anita using her picture and is angry. Anita uses Theresa's jacket and smashes a window in the school. Anita's father Govinda Roy (Anthony Bunsee) tells Myra, Carmel and Theresa to leave, believing it was Theresa. After Anita admits the truth, her mother Bel Roy (Nila Aalia) begs Myra, Carmel and Theresa to stay, and tells them that Anita had poured bleach over her legs to change her ethnicity. Theresa feels guilty for not helping Anita and she apologises before reassuring her that she does not need to change her appearance. After a game of 'truth or dare', Theresa has to kiss Newt (Nico Mirallegro). They eventually get together, which is revealed by Anita's partner Ricky, causing Lauren to be extremely jealous. Theresa follows her wish and becomes a model for a project by Zoe Carpenter (Zoe Lister), for 'Buff TV' while Newt breaks up with her, not a fan of her future career. Theresa is then disgusted when he starts dating Anita, so she slaps her and stops speaking to both of them. Carmel is also shocked with the modelling, and cannot believe that Zoe is using a sixteen-year-old. Due to this, Theresa is spotted and discovered by a modelling agency in London. Theresa makes her way with Michaela, and are followed by Jacqui and Carmel. When she gets there, she decides to visit her mother Kathleen in prison. Kathleen tells Theresa to move back in with her grandmother, showing hostility towards the other McQueens. Kathleen then leaves an upset Theresa. Back in Hollyoaks, Theresa refuses to speak to Anita, however supports her when she develops an eating disorder.
Theresa is happy to hear that Kathleen is visiting for Christmas, after being released from prison. The rest of the McQueens are sceptical, which proves correct when she does not arrive. Several days later, Kathleen arrives in Hollyoaks and asks Myra for money, which Theresa's father left for her. Myra refuses and tells her to leave before Theresa finds her. Later, Theresa meets Kathleen just as she is leaving the village. Kathleen, not wanting to disappoint her daughter, claims she has come to stay. Kathleen gives Theresa expensive gifts like a gold charm bracelet. Theresa accepts it, desperate to believe her mother has changed. Kathleen then encourages Theresa to shoplift, which causes more tension between Kathleen and the rest of the McQueens. Kathleen also tells Theresa that they should run away together to London, to which Theresa agrees and says goodbye to Anita, while the rest of the McQueens are out. However, when saying goodbye, Theresa finds her mother's purse which contains a credit card in the name of her dead cousin Tina and is horrified. Myra and Jacqui find out Kathleen and Theresa's plan to run away and tries to stop Theresa from going, to which she agrees. Kathleen then leaves, which leads to Theresa holding a grudge against Jacqui.
Carmel's fiance Calvin Valentine (Ricky Whittle) and Theresa spend time together in the Loft. The atmosphere heats up and they end up sleeping together. Later, Theresa gets pregnant with Calvin's child. Theresa begins a romance with Kyle Ryder (Neil Toon) after she fixes his car. At Calvin and Carmel's second wedding, Theresa admits to Calvin that she is pregnant. Calvin tells her he wants her to have an abortion, which shocks Theresa. He then lies to Carmel about the paternity after she finds out about Theresa's pregnancy. An upset Theresa sees a gun in Jacqui's bag at the wedding reception and snatches it. She then shoots Calvin, who dies in Carmel's arms. Mercedes and Jacqui quickly flee the scene with Theresa to protect her. Jacqui is then told that Calvin's passionate rendezvous with Theresa has caused her to fall pregnant. Jacqui stands by Theresa and hides the gun, before lying to police when they are questioned. Theresa decides to run away with Kyle, still in shock at killing Calvin. However, Kyle treats his pregnant girlfriend curtly, and introduces her to his new girlfriend, Stacey. Theresa returns home to the McQueen's. Jacqui tries to force Theresa into terminating the pregnancy, but Carmel convinces her to keep the baby. Jacqui plants the gun used to kill Calvin on racist Gaz, who is caught holding Anita hostage and arrested for killing Calvin. Theresa is unwilling to let Gaz go to prison for Calvin's murder, however is convinced to stay quiet. Myra discovers Theresa is pregnant and eventually uncovers the truth about Calvin's death. Following this, Kyle is arrested for armed robbery and charged with Calvin's murder, as it was his gun that was used to shoot him. Carmel later discovers the baby is Calvin's and that Theresa killed him. Angry, she agrees to let Theresa have the baby, but insists she will go to the police after the birth.
Still trying to pursue a modelling career, Theresa performs a catwalk for Heidi Costello's (Kim Tiddy) fashion show, where she develops a crush to Riley Costello (Rob Norbury). Later, Theresa talks to Heidi's cousin Mitzeee Minniver (Rachel Shenton), who on purpose does not switch her headset off. Mitzeee then reveals to Theresa, and everyone at the fashion show, that she was involved in an affair with Heidi's husband Carl Costello (Paul Opacic) before arriving in the Village. Seth Costello (Miles Higson) is angered by Theresa and Michaela's gossiping.
Theresa and Nancy Hayton (Jessica Fox) go to a party with Mitzeee, where she attempts to teach them how to become a WAG. Theresa meets Logan Fairhurst (Thomas Sean Hughes), and an attraction grows. Theresa almost admits to killing Calvin, but stops when Logan tells her he is a police officer. After being attacked by Mitzeee, Theresa goes into labour and gives birth to a daughter. Carmel tells Theresa that she meant what she said, and will take her to the police for Calvin's murder. Theresa dumps Logan after being influenced by her family that it's for the best. Jacqui manages to convince Carmel not to go the police telling her that the baby will go into care. Mercedes warns Carmel to stay quiet and let Theresa keep her baby and threatens to hand Carmel over to the police for child abduction if she refuses to co-operate.
When Theresa is home alone, she hears a knock on the door, she goes to answer it but there is no one there, she walks up to the bins and finds a black balloon with a picture of a fox on it, she goes back in the house and finds Warren Fox (Jamie Lomas), who accuses her of telling someone that he forced a weak man into the burning building after he escaped, revealing to the viewers that she knew the whole time that Warren wasn't dead. Warren recaps on how he escaped the fire, forcing her for answers of who she told, he threatens to drop her off the village wall arch, this leads her to confess that she killed Calvin.
Police officer Ethan Scott (Craig Vye) arrives at the McQueens' home to question Carmel over Warren's fake death. He and Theresa talk and he later brings Kathleen to the McQueens' after she is caught using fake money. Ethan agrees not to arrest Kathleen if Theresa goes for a drink with him. Kathleen discovers the baby is Calvin's child and Theresa admits to killing him. She makes friends with Liberty Savage (Abi Phillips) and soon after discovers she is Ethan's fiancée. When Carmel arranges to christen the baby "Angel" without Theresa's consent, Kathleen is furious and brings her priest boyfriend round to conduct her granddaughter's christening in secret, and the baby is christened as "Kathleen Khloe Angel McQueen". After the christening, Mercedes reminds Carmel that if she doesen't want to go to jail, then she will comply with her demands. Heeding her sister's warning to save herself from going to prison, Carmel agrees to let Theresa keep her daughter.
Theresa hears rumours that Kyle is back in the Village, and decides it is best for everyone if she leaves. As she is leaving, Kyle kidnaps Theresa and baby Kathleen-Angel, and takes them to an abandoned bank. He threatens to kill her but Theresa escapes and calls Warren, Carmel and Ethan. They arrive and they try to reason with Kyle, but a fight ensues and Ethan is thrown down a lift shaft and Kyle is shot and killed by Warren. Kathleen-Angel is also in the lift shaft, and when Ethan passes her up, Theresa tries to save Ethan. But while doing so, she falls into the shaft and the platform holding them up falls down to the bottom of the building. Theresa, Kathleen-Angel and Ethan are taken to hospital, where Theresa recovers.
After recovering, she finds out that William Alexander is her father making Jacqui and Mercedes her half sisters. William claims that he is dying and needs a donated kidney from a blood relative to survive. As Jacqui doesn't trust him and Mercedes is engaged, Theresa volunteers. She visits him in hospital to find out that William has another daughter who is the one who really needs a kidney. Theresa looks through Kathleen's text messages and sees that she's been blackmailing him, demanding money or she'll tell Theresa his secret. The McQueens demand William and Kathleen to leave.
Liberty finds out Theresa fancies Ethan, after a brief fall out, they agree to tell each other about any boys they meet, although they both continue to have a relationship with Ethan without telling each other. Theresa finds a note Liberty left for Ethan in his car, she goes to his apartment and punches him. With the help of one of Liberty's brothers, Dodger, they spy on Ethan, only to find out he is seeing Rae Wilson. Theresa tells Liberty that Ethan's been dating the trio and they both tell Rae. One by one, they date Ethan in the same day, Rae pretending to have STD, Liberty pretending to propose and Theresa pretending she's expecting a second child, at the end of the episode, the three of them find him and dump him.
Theresa begins to fall for Liberty's brother, Will Savage. After dumping Ethan, Will asks her on a date and Theresa accepts. Ethan however visits Theresa and tries to apologize. Theresa tries to get him to leave but Will arrives, thinking she and Ethan are sneaking around behind his back. Will leaves without letting Theresa explain. During Hollyoaks Later, Theresa mistakenly takes Carmel's passport so she was unable to join the Myra and Mercedes in Ibiza. Silas starts targeting Theresa as his next victim and she falls further into his trap by joining an online dating website. However after Will and Theresa become a couple due to being set up by Rae, Silas then kills Rae.
Will starts to attend university, where he befriends newcomers Ash Kane and Annalise Appleton, and begins to neglect Theresa, seemingly ashamed of her. Frustrated and on a trip with the Freshers, Theresa decides to tell Will they are over. Theresa becomes attracted to Warren's son Joel Dexter (Andrew Still) and after going on several dates, the pair become a couple, making ex-boyfriend Will jealous. When Joel's mum Marie arrives to Hollyoaks, Theresa believes they are sleeping together but is later embarrassed when she discover she is his mother.
Theresa begins casually dating Dodger Savage (Danny Mac) and it soon develops into a serious relationship. On the day of Texas' wedding, she burns a piece of paper what says 'Bride' on it. When Theresa finds a gun in the garage, she threatens to kill Dodger because he tried to get evidence on her as he believed she killed Texas but Will soon stops her. The day after, Theresa throws Dodger's clothes into a bin and sets them on fire but Jim throws a beer over it.
Carmel discovers that she has chlamydia and breaks up with her boyfriend Jim McGinn (Dan Tetsell). While trying to comfort her, Theresa recounts that she had chlamydia around the time they were both sleeping with Calvin, leading to Carmel realising that she has unknowingly had it ever since. As a result of her missed diagnosis, Carmel learns that she is unlikely to ever conceive a child, resulting in her obsessing over Kathleen-Angel, and Theresa's poor parenting skills. On Christmas Eve, Theresa comes home with an expensive dollhouse for her daughter, despite previously mentioning that she had no money and when Carmel discovers her credit card missing, she later finds out that it was Theresa who had taken it, causing a feud to break out between the cousins. Carmel soon discovers that Theresa had been sending malicious messages to Dodger from a e-mail account belonging to Texas, and she tells Dodger causing him to split up with Theresa. Carmel is also arrested after the police accuse her of shoplifting a dollhouse, though in reality it was Theresa, leading to her feeling her chances of adopting a child were over. In a bid to get revenge on Carmel for facilitating her break-up with Dodger, Theresa climbs into bed with a drunk Jim and claims they had sex, though Nana soon uncovers the truth.
Furious at Theresa's behaviour and neglect of Kathleen-Angel, Carmel hatches a plan and calls Sonny Valentine (now played by Aaron Fontaine) and introduces him to Kathleen-Angel. Carmel desperately tries to convince him to help him get Kathleen away from Theresa, and when Sonny refuses, Carmel blurts out that Theresa killed Calvin. Carmel soon regrets this and is horrified to discover that Sonny has joined the police force since leaving the village. Sonny confronts Theresa on the street, causing her to panic that she is about to be arrested, so Mercedes and Nana hatch a plot for Theresa to leave the country, and she reluctantly agrees to leave Kathleen-Angel with Carmel for the time being. Theresa and Mercedes head to the airport, but when Carmel finds that Kathleen is missing, she instantly thinks that Theresa has taken her on the run and quickly informs the police of Theresa's plan. Theresa is found at the airport, where she tries to evade the police but is soon caught. Carmel soon arrives at the airport, believing Theresa has taken Kathleen-Angel with her. However, Sonny shows up and reveals he took Kathleen-Angel. Theresa is then arrested. Sonny pressures Theresa during the interview and, despite Jim telling her not to say anything, she confesses to killing Calvin. Theresa is charged and Sonny allows Carmel to speak to her. Theresa asks Carmel to look after Kathleen-Angel and tell her she loves her.
Reception.
Jorgie Porter made the British Soap Awards shortlist in 2009 and was nominated for 'Best Newcomer' for her portrayal of Theresa. At the 2010 awards, Porter was nominated for 'Sexiest Female' and 'Best Actress'. Porter was nominated in the categories of "Best Actress" and "Sexiest Female" at the 2011 awards. She has also been nominated for the award of 'Best Serial Drama Performance' at the 2011 National Television Awards. At the 2012 British Soap awards, she was nominated for 'Sexiest Female'.

</doc>
<doc id="20209257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209257" title="1976 Kansas State Wildcats football team">
1976 Kansas State Wildcats football team

The 1976 Kansas State Wildcats football team represented Kansas State University in the college football season of 1976. The team's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger. The Wildcats played their home games in KSU Stadium.
Schedule.
!colspan=7| Regular season

</doc>
<doc id="20209262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209262" title="Jerold Starr">
Jerold Starr

Jerold M. Starr (May 12, 1941 - July 13, 2012) was an American writer, professor, and social activist. 
Biography.
He was born in Detroit, Michigan, where he attended Mumford High School and Montieth College of Wayne State University. Starr earned a Ph.D. in sociology from Brandeis University in 1970. He taught 1969-76 at the University of Pennsylvania, 1976-2002 at West Virginia University and 2004-8 at the University of California at San Diego. Since 1980 he has lived in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Among his many awards, Starr has been a Fulbright Scholar, National Endowment for the Humanities Fellow and recipient of the Alfred McClung Lee Award from Sociological Abstracts for "Distinguished Career as a Humanist Sociologist." 
Starr's works have focused on two areas: One is peace and conflict resolution, organized in the 1980s under "The Lessons of the Vietnam War" program of the Center for Social Studies Education. This program received the Veterans for Peace Medal for Educational Achievement and has been used in about 3,500 colleges and secondary schools. In the 1990s he founded Citizens for Independent Public Broadcasting, an effort to bring greater diversity to public television and media reform throughout the PBS and NPR systems. 
Since 1984, Starr has been active in theatre as a board member, producer, actor, and playwright.

</doc>
<doc id="20209265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209265" title="Omkoi Subdistrict">
Omkoi Subdistrict

Omkoi () is a "tambon" (subdistrict) of Omkoi District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand. In 2005 it had a total population of 17,208 people. The "tambon" contains 20 villages.

</doc>
<doc id="20209270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209270" title="List of Hampden–Sydney College alumni">
List of Hampden–Sydney College alumni

This is a list of notable alumni of Hampden–Sydney College, including graduates and non-graduates. Individuals are sorted by category and alphabetized within each category.

</doc>
<doc id="20209279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209279" title="Aviation Service Act">
Aviation Service Act

The Aviation Service Act is a U.S. law. It created within the Signal Corps an Aviation Section to replace the Aeronautical Division. It directed the Aviation Section to operate and supervise ""all military Army aircraft, including balloons and aeroplanes, all appliances pertaining to said craft, and signaling apparatus of any kind when installed on said craft."" The section would also train ""officers and enlisted men in matters pertaining to military aviation"," and thus embraced all facets of the Army's air organization and operation. The old Aeronautical Division continued to exist, but operated as the Washington office of the new section.

</doc>
<doc id="20209280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209280" title="Eugene Bolden">
Eugene Bolden

Eugene Thomas Bolden (July 23, 1899 – September 6, 1991) was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp, Belgium. Bolden competed in the men's 1,500-meter freestyle and finished fifth in the event final with an estimated time of 24:04.3.

</doc>
<doc id="20209286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209286" title="Strange Symmetry">
Strange Symmetry

Strange Symmetry is the début EP by Past Lives released in 2008 on CD and vinyl 12" by Suicide Squeeze Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20209290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209290" title="Jacques d'Amboise (bishop)">
Jacques d'Amboise (bishop)

Jacques d'Amboise (between 1440 and 1450 – 27 December 1516) was a French religious dignitary and patron of medieval France. He was abbot of Jumièges then of Cluny, and bishop of Clermont. He was a member of the House of Amboise, an old noble family.
Life.
He was the son of Anne de Bueil and Pierre d'Amboise, lord of Chaumont, as their seventh of eighteen children. Entering the Benedictine order he was elected abbot of Jumièges in January 1474, replacing his brother Louis on his appointment as bishop of Albi. Jacques took his oath of loyalty as abbot on 20 February 1474 and took possession of the abbey on 28 May.
In 1485 he succeeded a Bourbon as abbot of Cluny, rebuilding the Cluny abbots' hôtel in Paris as well as its now-lost chapel and collège. Located beside the Gallo-Roman ruins, the hôtel de Cluny hosted several royal visits and would be inhabited by cardinal Mazarin in 1634. He also built the abbatial palace of Paray-le-Monial.
The bishopric of Clermont had been left vacant at the end of 1504, and Louis XII appointed Jacques d'Amboise to it – he held the post from 1505 until his death. He completed the diocese's cathedral and replaced its tiles with a lead roof, as well as richly adding to its library and creating a tapestry in the choir of which four pieces are now in St Petersburg. In 1515 he built the fountain that bears his arms and name in Clermont.
Like his brothers Louis and Georges, he had a great sense of family : he appointed several of his nephews to church posts, adorned all his works with his family arms in or palé de gules and even inserted prayers for his family name in the eucharistic prayer, when this was actually only allowed to sites of the apostolic college.

</doc>
<doc id="20209298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209298" title="Tolleshunt Knights railway station">
Tolleshunt Knights railway station

Tolleshunt Knights railway station was a station in Tolleshunt Knights, Essex. It closed in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="20209303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209303" title="Foreign Ship Registry Act">
Foreign Ship Registry Act

The Foreign Ship Registry Act was a federal legislation that provided for the admission of foreign-built ships to the American registry.
Legal Repercussions.
It provided admission of foreign-built ships to the American registry for foreign trade, making it easier for them to legally hoist the American flag. The bill provided for the survey, measurement, and inspection of such ships, though it did not require American ownership of a majority of stock in corporations applying for American registry, which was a clear violation of international custom and international law. Theoretically, Germany could get American registration, hoist the U.S. flag on its merchant vessels, and avoid the British Blockade. This possibility provoked much British protest; however, the German owners of vessels in American harbors dared not risk losing their property and did not take advantage of the act.

</doc>
<doc id="20209304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209304" title="List of Knight's Cross recipients 19th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (2nd Latvian)">
List of Knight's Cross recipients 19th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (2nd Latvian)

The 19th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (2nd Latvian) was formed in January 1944 from 2nd Latvian Brigade following the Waffen SS's drive for manpower in the wake of Operation Barbarossa, the invasion of the Soviet Union in June 1941. After a successful recruitment drive in the Reichskommissariat Ostland (Baltic states) for the Nazi anti-partisan brigades, Heinrich Himmler formed Baltic legions by late August 1942, including the Lettische SS-Freiwilligen-Legion.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of September 1, 1939 instituted the Iron Cross and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. As the war progressed some of the recipients distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of June 3, 1940. In 1941 two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of September 28, 1941 introduced the Knight’s Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. At the end of 1944 the last and final grade, the Knight's Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds, based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt 1945 I S. 11" of December 29, 1944 concluded the variants of the Knight's Cross.
Prerequisites.
To qualify for the Knight's Cross, a soldier had to already hold the 1939 Iron Cross First Class, though the Iron Cross I Class was awarded concurrently with the Knight's Cross in rare cases.
Unit commanders could also be awarded the medal for exemplary conduct by the unit as a whole.
Grades.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was divided into five grades, excluding the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross:

</doc>
<doc id="20209311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209311" title="Busy override">
Busy override

Busy override is a function of the private branch exchange that allows the calling party to override the busy signal on the called party in order to break into the ongoing conversation. Before breaking in most PBX announce the incoming call by a distinctive sound signal or tone, but in most cases this can be disabled by software. The Busy override function was originally intended to allow the called party to receive a high priority, implying that the call is very important, and should be handled first.
The same feature is often provided for toll (long distance) operators. 

</doc>
<doc id="20209320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209320" title="Driving instructor">
Driving instructor

Driving Instructor Definition.
A driving instructor is a person who is hired by a new driver who is learning how to improve their skills - often for an upcoming practical test. Different countries have different rules regarding permits and other regulations.
Driving instructors have several tasks such as teaching new drivers the theory and techniques needed to carefully operate various types of vehicles such as cars, motorcycles, trucks and buses. A driving instructor has several names and can be recognized as: Auto Driving Instructor, Educator, Instructor, Teacher or Truck Driving Instructor.
Duties and Responsibilities.
The duties and responsibilities of a driving instructor are to manage the theory class timings, teach the driving students about the right traffic rules and inform student drivers with safety driving procedures. In addition to that, driving instructors supply their students with information about emergency situations.
After the classes about theory knowledge, driving instructors help their driving students in practically learning how to drive a car individually. At the beginning, the driving instructor teaches the student how to use a steering wheel, how to reverse and how to park. In addition, the driving instructor advices the student about their level of improvement in practical driving and then the student is informed about the date of practical test on the road.
Characteristics Of a Driving Instructor.
A driving instructor must possess several characteristics in order to help the new driving student understand the theory of driving and also in order for the student to practically operate the vehicle.
Some of the characteristics required in a driving instructor include confidence, patience and good communications skills. On top of that, a driving instructor must be able to acquire good teaching skills.
Working Hours.
The working hours of a driving instructor must be adjustable enough to suit the needs of the student. In general, driving instructors might need to work during the evening and sometimes even during the weekend. Additionally, instructors may require working longer hours during the summer months according to the availability of the driving student.
Salaries.
Salaries of a driving instructor vary from country to country. For example in the United Kingdom, a beginner driving instructor makes about £10,000 a year while an experienced driving instructor makes about £30,000 a year.
In the United States, a driving instructor with medium experience gains around $36,000 a year while an experienced driving instructor makes around $53,000 a year.
Requirements to be a Driving Instructor.
To be eligible to be a driving instructor, one must possess several requirements such as obtaining a high school diploma (College/University degree is not compulsory), owning a driving licence and a driving instructor licence as well, gaining driving experience of 2–5 years (varies according to different countries), having clean driving records, passing driving instructor vision test and the age of the driving instructor must be at least 21 years old. 
The job openings of a driving instructor differ according to the growth of the population.
Coursework to be a certified driving instructor.
There are a few course topics that much be covered to be a certified driving instructor. Some topics are: regulations of driving, knowledge of the components of different types of vehicles and skills on teaching theory in the classroom.
For example, to become an Approved Driving Instructor in the UK, you must first pass 3 different exams. Theory, driving and teaching.

</doc>
<doc id="20209321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209321" title="War Risk Insurance Act">
War Risk Insurance Act

The War Risk Insurance Act was a piece of legislation passed by the United States Congress in 1914 to ensure the availability of marine insurance during World War I. It established a Bureau of War Risk Insurance within the Treasury Department to provide insurance policies and pay claims. In 1917, the War Risk Insurance Act of 1917 amended the insurance program to make life insurance coverage available to sailors in the United States Merchant Marine.
Henry D. Lindsley served as director from December 1918 to August 1920. He was followed by R. A. Cholmeley-Jones.
Sources.
History of US Government Involvement in Insurance , United States Department of Veterans Affairs website.

</doc>
<doc id="20209334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209334" title="Pong Nam Ron">
Pong Nam Ron

Pong Nam Ron is the name of several places in Thailand:

</doc>
<doc id="20209344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209344" title="Emergency Internal Revenue Tax Act">
Emergency Internal Revenue Tax Act

With President Wilson calling for $100 million in additional Federal revenue in the event of war, it taxed legacies and inherited personal property on a graduated scale according to the size of the estate and the degree of relationship to the deceased (surviving husbands and wives received a general exemption). A maximum rate of 15% applied to bequests from estates valued over $1 million to distant relatives, non-relatives, or "bodies politic or corporate." The act also included an excise on receipts in excess of $200,000 assessed to firms in the petroleum and sugar refining industries. It raised stamp rates, and it placed a .01 cent tax on every telephone call costing more than .15 cents, making it the 1st telephone tax in U.S. history—the taxes instituted under this Act were initially set to expire on Dec. 31st, 1915; however, on Dec. 17th, 1915, Congress passed a joint resolution that continued the taxes through Dec. 31st, 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="20209358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209358" title="Coast Guard Act">
Coast Guard Act

The Coast Guard Act of 1915 passed by Congress on 20 January 1915 and signed into law by then American president Woodrow Wilson on the 28th of the same month created the U.S. Coast Guard as a new service outwardly modeled on the structure of the U.S. Navy and was under the command of the Department of Treasury.
Its men wore uniforms, and had the responsibility of protecting American coastal cities and waters from hostile attack. The U.S. Coast Guard is a branch of the United States armed forces, authorized to stop, search and arrest suspected smugglers and other unlawful intruders into American waters.
Mergers.
The Coast Guard was created from the merged United States Life-Saving Service and the United States Revenue Cutter Service, which had been established in 1790 to prevent smuggling until the establishment of the navy in 1798. 
Although placed under the U.S. Treasury Department the Coast Guard was temporarily transferred to the Navy Department during World War I an again during World War II. In 1939 the Coast Guard also took in the Lighthouse Service and in 1942 the Bureau of Marine Inspection and Navigation.
Further Amendment.
Since 2003 the U.S. Coast Guard has fallen under the jurisdiction of the Department of Homeland Security and as before in times of war and emergency when declared by the president it reverts to the navy's control.

</doc>
<doc id="20209382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209382" title="Aimie Atkinson">
Aimie Atkinson

Aimie Atkinson (born 5 June 1987) is a British theatre actress.
Career.
In 2006 Atkinson was the winner of the BBC Radio 2 Voice of Musical Theatre at the Cardiff International Festival. She was then cast as Sofia in Howard Goodall’s "Days of Hope" at the Kings Head Theatre.
Next she won a starring role in the Edinburgh Fringe show Eurobeat at the Pleasance and then went onto create the lead role of Luisa in the UK Tour of "Zorro". In August 2008 she originated the role of Polly Pry in Trey Parker's "Cannibal! The Musical" at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival. Aimie also starred as Dorothy in the Wizard of OZ Theatre Royal She Played Amber in Falls at the Charring Cross Theatre, and won rave reviews and an Offie Nomination for her portrayal of Shelby Stevens in Pier at the Union Theatre.
Aimie also played Elizabeth in the Number 1 Uk Tour of Dancing
Other credits include workshopping the lead role of Anees in the new Cat Stevens musical "Moonshadow", Workshopping Teressa in Directed by Paul Nicolas "Nevermind The Broadway" (Jermyn Street Theatre), Cinderella (opposite Bradley Walsh) in "Cinderella", (Gordon Craig Theatre, Stevenage), Cinderella [Nottingham Theatre Royal Snow white the leading role of Zoya in Gary Kemp’s musical "Bedbug", Victoria in "Toys- The New Musical" (Kenneth More Theatre, Ilford), and the new rock musical "Enchanted". She has also appeared as a soloist on BBC Radio 2 "Friday Night is Music Night" and sang at Babara Windsors 70th Birthday celebrations at the Hackney Empire.
Atkinson appears in the second UK tour of "Never Forget", the Take That musical. She is playing the role of Chloe Turner (the role created by Nancy Sullivan in the original production), performing numbers such as "Love Ain't Here Anymore", "A Million Love Songs", "Relight My Fire", "Could It Be Magic" and "Never Forget".

</doc>
<doc id="20209393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209393" title="Djenkolic acid">
Djenkolic acid

Djenkolic acid (or sometimes jengkolic acid) is a sulfur-containing non-protein amino acid naturally found in djenkol beans of the South-East Asian legumes jengkol ("Archidendron jiringa"). This compound consists of two cysteine radicals connected by a methylene group between the sulfurs, or it is 2-amino-3-[(2-amino-3-hydroxy-3-oxopropyl)sulfanylmethylsulfanyl] propanoic acid. It is toxic to humans, especially causing nephrotoxicity.
Toxicity.
The toxicity of djenkolic acid in humans arises from its poor solubility under acidic conditions after consumption of the jenkol bean. The amino acid precipitates into crystals which cause mechanical irritation of the renal tubules and urinary tract, resulting in symptoms such as abdominal discomfort, loin pains, severe colic, nausea, vomiting, dysuria, gross hematuria, and oliguria, occurring 2 to 6 hours after the beans were ingested. Urine analysis of patients reveals erythrocytes, epithelial cells, protein, and the needle-like crystals of djenkolic acid. Urolithiasis can also happen, with djenkolic acid as the nucleus. In young children it has also been reported to produce painful swelling of the genitalia.
Treatment for this toxicity requires hydration to increase urine flow and alkalinization of urine by sodium bicarbonate. Furthermore, this poisoning can be prevented when consuming djenkol beans by boiling them beforehand, since djenkolic acid is removed from the beans.
Discovery and synthesis.
Djenkolic acid was first isolated by Van Veen and Hyman from the urine of the natives of Java who had eaten the djenkol bean and were suffering from poisoning. They then succeeded in isolating the djenkolic acid crystals from the djenkol beans treated with Ba(OH)2 at 30°C for a prolonged period of time.
Djenkolic acid was later reported to be found as much as 20 grams in every kilogram of dry djenkol beans, and it has also been reported to be found to a lesser extent in the seeds of other leguminous plants such as "Leucaena esculenta" (2.2 g/kg) and "Pithecolobium ondulatum" (2.8 g/kg).
Du Vigneaud and Patterson managed to synthesize djenkolic acid by the condensation of methylene chloride with 2 moles of L-cysteine in liquid ammonia and to show that their synthetic compound was identical with the naturally occurring djenkolic acid. Later on, Armstrong and du Vigneaud prepared djenkolic acid by the direct combination of 1 mole of formaldehyde with 2 moles of L-cysteine in a strongly acid solution.

</doc>
<doc id="20209394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209394" title="Macrosaccus robiniella">
Macrosaccus robiniella

Macrosaccus robiniella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family.
Distribution.
It is native to North America (where it is distributed from Ontario south to South Carolina and west to Missouri and Texas), but is an introduced species in Europe, where it was first
reported near Basel, Switzerland, in 1983. Later, it was also reported in
France, Germany, northern Italy (1988), Austria (1989), and Slovakia (1992). It spread gradually through Austria, reaching Hungary in the mid 1990s.
Adult description.
The wingspan is 5.5 to 6.5 mm. There are two to three generations per year.
Life history.
The larvae feed on "Robinia pseudoacacia", "Robinia viscosa" and "Robinia hispida". They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine begins as an elongate serpentine track which enlarges to an elongate-oval, whitish blotch located on one side of the midrib and usually on the underside of the leaflet. Eventually the mine becomes slightly tentiform due to the silk laid down by the later instar larvae. There are five larval instars. The earliest instars are highly modified sapfeeders with strongly depressed bodies and reduced chaetotaxy with a maximum length 3.7 mm. Later instars are tissue feeders, with cylindrical bodies and a maximum length of 4.7 mm. The body colour is pale green to white.
Natural enemies.
Fifty seven species (including two unidentified) of Hymenoptera, the great majority of which are members of Eulophidae.

</doc>
<doc id="20209396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209396" title="Sainte-Marie-des-Dames">
Sainte-Marie-des-Dames

The Abbey of Sainte-Marie-des-Dames () was the first Benedictine abbey for women in Saintes in Charente-Maritime in France. It was founded in 1047 by Geoffrey II, Count of Anjou. One of its abbesses was Agnès de Barbezieux (1134-1174), whose relative, Eleanor of Aquitaine, was a generous donor to the abbey.
Madame de Montespan was educated here. 
It is located next to the town's Arch of Germanicus and was classified a "monument historique" in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="20209403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209403" title="2008 EagleBank Bowl">
2008 EagleBank Bowl

The 2008 EagleBank Bowl was the inaugural edition of the new college football bowl game, and was played at Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium in Washington, DC. The game, formerly known as the Congressional Bowl before naming rights were purchased by EagleBank, started at 11 AM US EST on Saturday, December 20, 2008 as the first contest of the 2008-09 bowl season. The game, telecast on ESPN, pit the Wake Forest Demon Deacons against the Navy Midshipmen. This was a rematch of a September 27, 2008 game between the two teams that Navy won 24-17 at Wake Forest. The Demon Deacons got a measure of revenge by winning the game, 29-19.

</doc>
<doc id="20209406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209406" title="Scott Griffith">
Scott Griffith

Scott Griffith was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Zipcar, Inc. from February 2003 until his resignation on March 15, 2013 following the acquisition of Zipcar by Avis Budget Group.
Griffith has a BS in engineering from Carnegie Mellon University in 1981 and an MBA from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business in 1990.
While Griffith was CEO, Zipcar became the world's largest car sharing service. In the fall of 2007, Zipcar merged with Flexcar, with Griffith as CEO of the merged company which continued to use the Zipcar name. Zipcar also bought London-based Streetcar, the UK’s car sharing service.
For his accomplishments at Zipcar, Griffith was named a Mass High Tech All-Star in 2009, selected as one of Huffington Post’s 2010 Game-changers in transportation, and dubbed Corporate Responsibility Magazine’s 2010 Social Entrepreneur CEO of the Year. In addition, BusinessWeek named Scott one of its “Best Leaders of 2006,” and he was the recipient of Babson College's ELiTE Award for entrepreneurship. Griffith has been interviewed by many news outlets, including "The Wall Street Journal", "Fortune", "Newsweek", "The New York Times", CNN, CNBC, "USA Today", Associated Press, CBS-TV, FOX-TV, "ABC World News Tonight" and "Time".
Prior to Zipcar, Griffith held senior level positions at The Boeing Company, Information America, an Atlanta-based provider of online public record information, and The Parthenon Group, a boutique business strategy and investment firm.

</doc>
<doc id="20209408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209408" title="Tollesbury Pier railway station">
Tollesbury Pier railway station

Tollesbury pier railway station was a station serving Tollesbury's pier on the River Blackwater in Essex. It closed in 1921.
The extension from Tollesbury railway station to Tollesbury Pier never brought the expected traffic. During World War I the pier was used for troop training on the river and was subsequently closed to passengers in 1921. The government took over the pier during World War II and erected defences along it.

</doc>
<doc id="20209411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209411" title="Scarce Blue-tailed Damselfly">
Scarce Blue-tailed Damselfly

The Scarce Blue-tailed Damselfly or Small Bluetail, Ischnura pumilio, is a member of the damselfly family Coenagrionidae.
The typical male has a black abdomen with a bright blue spot on tail (segments 8 and 9). It is very similar to the Blue-tailed Damselfly, "Ischnura elegans" but on that species the blue spot is mostly on segment 8. Females undergo a change of colour as they mature. The immature female is bright orange, the "aurantiaca" phase, but matures to a greenish-brown.

</doc>
<doc id="20209420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209420" title="Leobaldo Pereira">
Leobaldo Pereira

Leobaldo Periera Pulido (born July 31, 1972) is a Cuban sprint canoer who competed in the late 1990s and the early 2000s. He won the silver medal in the C-2 1000 m event at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.
Periera also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (C-2 500 m: 2001), a silver (C-2 1000 m: 1999), and two bronzes (C-2 200 m and C-2 1000 m: both 2001).

</doc>
<doc id="20209427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209427" title="Arch of Germanicus">
Arch of Germanicus

The Arch of Germanicus is an ancient Roman arch in Saintes, Charente-Maritime in France. It was built in 18 or 19 by a rich citizen of the town (then known as Mediolanum Santonum), C. Julius Rufus, and dedicated to the emperor Tiberius, his son Drusus Julius Caesar, and his adoptive son Germanicus. It has two bays and was originally sited over the terminus of the Roman road from Lyon to Saintes. On the proposal of Prosper Mérimée in 1843 it was moved fifteen metres during works on quays along the river, and it was restored in 1851.
Inscription.
Dedication.
Right next to Paule's place, you can find this very impressive Roman Arch. The dedicatory inscription on the attic ("CIL" XIII, 1036 = "Inscriptions Latines des Trois Gaules", 148) is heavily worn in the area naming the emperor Tiberius and is son Drusus. The dedication to his nephew and adoptive son, Germanicus, is better preserved and not only allows the arch to be dated to 18 or 19 but also gives it its usual name:
GERMANICO R TI(berii) AUG(usti) F(ilio) 
DIVI AUG(usti) NEP(oti) DIVI IULI PRONEP(oti) 
RI FLAM(ini) AUGUST(ali) CO(n)S(uli) II IMP(eratori) II
"To Germanicus Caesar, son of Tiberius Augustus, grandson of the deified Augustus, great-grandson of the deified Julius, augur, flamen, augustales, consul for the second time, hailed imperator for the second time."
Donor.
Below the dedication the inscription in the entablature gives the name of the arch's financer, C. Iulius Rufus and his ancestors. This is repeated on all 4 sides of the arch.
C(aius) IVLI C(aii) IVLI(i) OTUANEUNI F(ilius) RVFVS C(aii) IVLI(i) GEDOMONIS NEPOS, EPOTSOVIRIDI PRON(epos) 
ROMAE ET AUGUSTI ARAM QUEST AD CONFLUENT[EM, PRAEFECTUS RUM, D(at).
"Caius Julius Rufus, son of Caius Julius Otuaneunus, grandson of Caius Julius Gedemo, great-grandson of Epotsovirid(i)us, priest of Rome and of Augustus at the altar at Confluens, prefect of works, gave arch"
The difficulties in establishing the text, which is heavily worn, have long meant that Catuaneunius has been read as the name of Rufus's father and Agedomopas as the name of Rufus's grandfather. Asserting this lineage witnesses to Rufus's aristocratic consciousness and his family's long-standing at the head of the city. Julius Gedemo was the first member of the family to receive Roman citizenship, probably from Julius Caesar (taking his name as his own) and possibly during the Gallic Wars or shortly afterwards. Rufus was the first member of the family to adopt a completely Roman name rather than retaining a third name that was Celtic in origin, showing the Romanisation chosen by Gallic noblemen.
This notable Gaul, a third-generation Roman citizen, was also known as a priest of Rome and of Augustus through his dedicatory inscription found on the amphitheatre at Lugdunum (Lyon), known here as Confluens.

</doc>
<doc id="20209430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209430" title="Lean body mass">
Lean body mass

Lean Body Mass is a component of body composition, calculated by subtracting body fat weight from total body weight: total body weight is lean plus fat. In equations:
The percentage of total body mass that is lean is usually not quoted – it would typically be 60–90%. Instead, the body fat percentage, which is the complement, is computed, and is typically 10–40%. The Lean body mass (LBM) has been described as an index superior to total body weight for prescribing proper levels of medications and for assessing metabolic disorders, as body fat is less relevant for metabolism.
Estimation of Lean body mass.
LBM is usually estimated using mathematical formulas.
The following formula may be used: 
For men : LBM = (0.32810 * W) + (0.33929 * H) - 29.5336
For women : LBM =( 0.29569 * W) + (0.41813 * H) - 43.2933
where W is body weight in kilograms and H is body height in centimeters.
A Nomogram based on height, weight and arm circumference may be used.
Actual measurement of LBM.
Instead of mathematical estimation the actual value of LBM may be calculated using various technologies such as dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (DEXA).

</doc>
<doc id="20209438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209438" title="Spulerina simploniella">
Spulerina simploniella

The Bark Miner ("Spulerina simploniella") is a moth of the Gracillariidae family. It is found in Europe.
The moths flies from June to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on the bark of Oaks and "Betula".

</doc>
<doc id="20209441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209441" title="Andolan (music)">
Andolan (music)

In Hindustani music andolan (Hindi: अंदोलन) as a specific form of ornamentic (alankar) is a gentle oscillation around a note, touching the periphery of an adjacent note as well as shrutis in between. The notes (andolit swars) used for "andolan" depend on the raga.

</doc>
<doc id="20209449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209449" title="Nipples (Peter Brötzmann album)">
Nipples (Peter Brötzmann album)

Nipples is a 1969 album by free jazz saxophonist Peter Brötzmann, originally released on the Calig record label. The title track is performed by a sextet comprising Brötzmann (tenor saxophone), Evan Parker (also on tenor saxophone), Derek Bailey (guitar), Fred Van Hove (piano), Han Bennink (drums), and Buschi Niebergall (bass). The other track featured, "Tell a Green Man", is performed by a quartet made up of Brötzmann, Van Hove, Niebergall, and Bennink.
The album was reissued on CD by Atavistic Records as part of their Unheard Music Series in 2000. The label also released a second CD in 2003 titled "More Nipples", featuring three further recordings from the same sessions: an alternate take of "Nipples", performed by the sextet, and two further recordings by the quartet.

</doc>
<doc id="20209461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209461" title="ACM Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction">
ACM Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction

ACM Transactions on Computer-Human Interaction is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on human–computer interaction. It was established in 1994 and is published by the Association for Computing Machinery.
Editors-in-chief.
The following persons have been editors-in-chief of the journal:

</doc>
<doc id="20209526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209526" title="Doi Lo">
Doi Lo

Doi Lo () is a "tambon" (subdistrict) of Doi Lo District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand. In 2005 it had a total population of 12,809 people. The "tambon" contains 26 villages.

</doc>
<doc id="20209533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209533" title="Chai Prakan">
Chai Prakan

Chai Prakan, sometimes written as Chaiprakan, Chaiprakarn or Chaiprakhan, is home to the district headquarters of Chai Prakan District in the far north of Chiang Mai province, Thailand. 127 km from the city of Chiang Mai and 850 km from Bangkok, it is a popular location for vehicles to stop on the way to "Doi Angkhang", "Fang" and Ban Thaton.
History.
Chai Prakan was founded in 973 as part of the Sinhanavati Kingdom but the city fell in 998. Chai Prakan archaeological site is in Fang District 12 km from the town of Fang. 
Chai Prakan was created on January 1, 1988, when four "tambon" were split off from Fang district. It was upgraded to a full district on July 4, 1994, and obtained Subdistrict municipality status in May, 1999.
Administration.
The district, or "amphoe", is subdivided into 4 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 44 villages ("muban"). The Town ("thesaban tambon") Chaiprakarn covers "tambon" Pong Tam, and parts of "tambon" Sri Dong Yen and Nong Bua. There are a further 4 tambon administrative organisations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="20209536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209536" title="Saraphi Subdistrict">
Saraphi Subdistrict

Saraphi () is a "tambon" (subdistrict) of Saraphi District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand. In 2005 it had a total population of 6,959 people. The "tambon" contains 9 villages.

</doc>
<doc id="20209539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209539" title="Doi Tao Subdistrict">
Doi Tao Subdistrict

Doi Tao () is a "tambon" (subdistrict) of Doi Tao District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand. In 2005 it had a total population of 6,790 people. The "tambon" contains 10 villages.

</doc>
<doc id="20209562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209562" title="San Sai, Fang">
San Sai, Fang

San Sai () is a "tambon" (subdistrict) of Fang District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand. In 2005 it had a total population of 11,583 people. The "tambon" contains 17 villages.

</doc>
<doc id="20209563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209563" title="Hang Dong Subdistrict">
Hang Dong Subdistrict

Hang Dong () is a "tambon" (subdistrict) of Hang Dong District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand. In 2005 it had a total population of 2531 people. The "tambon" contains 13 villages.

</doc>
<doc id="20209569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209569" title="Mae Taeng Subdistrict">
Mae Taeng Subdistrict

Mae Taeng () is a town and "tambon" (subdistrict) of Mae Taeng District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand. In 2005 it had a total population of 4,548 people. The "tambon" contains 8 villages.

</doc>
<doc id="20209596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209596" title="Auditor-General (South Africa)">
Auditor-General (South Africa)

The Auditor-General is an office established by the 1996 Constitution of South Africa and is one of the Chapter nine institutions intended to support democracy, although its history dates back at least 95 years.
The incumbent is Terence Nombembe, who was appointed with effect from 1 December 2006 to replace Shauket Fakie on his retirement. Nombembe served as deputy auditor-general for five years prior to his appointment and his contract runs until 1 December 2013.
Mandate.
The Auditor-General, a "watchdog over the government," is an ombudsman-type office similar to that of the Public Protector but with much more limited jurisdiction. The focus of the office is not inefficient or improper bureaucratic conduct but the proper use and management of public money. Section 188 of the Constitution states that the Auditor-General is required to report on the finances of all national, provincial and local government administrations and has the discretion to audit any institution that receives money for a public purpose. The reports of the Auditor-General must be made public. They must also be submitted to any legislature which has a direct interest in the audit, and to any other authority prescribed by national legislation.
Section 181(2) of the Constitution asserts that the Auditor-General is independent, and that the powers and functions of the office should be exercised without fear, favour or prejudice. In terms of section 189, the tenure of the Auditor-General is for a fixed, non-renewable term of between five and ten years. The Public Audit Act gives detailed effect to the constitutional provisions, and deals with such matters as conditions of service, functions, administration, reporting obligations and powers of investigation. The provisions for appointment and removal are similar to those that apply to the Public Protector. As with the Public Protector, these provisions are intended to ensure that the Auditor-General is independent of the executive and of other influences, and responsible only to Parliament. Unlike the Public Protector, however, the Auditor-General is not reliant on the executive for its funding. The office funds itself by charging fees for its services, "a feature that undoubtedly enhances its political independence." Stuart Woolman and Yolandi Schutte describe the Auditor-General as the institution most likely of all the Chapter 9 institutions to retain its independence and discharge its constitutional responsibility.
History.
The Auditor General's office was established by legislation in 1911, and this legislation was amended over the years, with the institution celebrating its centenary in 2011.
The first auditor general, as appointed per the Constitution, was Shauket Fakie who served until his retirement in 2006. Terrence Nombembe was appointed on 1 December 2006 and served until 30 November 2013. Nombembe is a member of the South African Institute of Chartered Accountants as a Chartered Accountant (South Africa). On 1 December 2013 the President of the Republic appointed Thembekile Kimi Makwetu to replace Nombembe, whose term had ended. Makwetu, who is also a chartered accountant (SA) by profession, has served as deputy auditor general for six years prior to his appointment as the auditor general. 
As to the effectiveness of the Auditor-General in practice, Sarkin’s assessment of 2000 was more sanguine than in relation to the Public Protector. He noted that the office had "done some excellent work," and described the incumbent of the time, Shauket Fakie, as "more vigorous and energetic" than his predecessor, whose work had been criticised. Some of the more recent investigations conducted by the Auditor-General have exposed instances of financial mismanagement ranging from huge debt at the Government Printing Works and unauthorised expenditure by several government departments to the fraudulent allocation of subsidies in the Department of Housing and irregularities in procurement processes at the Companies and Intellectual Property Registration Office.
Controversy.
The Auditor-General attracted some controversy, however, over his refusal to provide access to records concerning the procurement of arms and his subsequent failure to comply with a court order to produce the records within a certain period.
A particular problem identified in the Asmal Report is "persistent disregard for the Auditor-General’s recommendations by government departments and other public institutions." The report suggests that this be brought to the attention of the National Assembly. Further recommendations include increasing public awareness of the activities of the office and greater collaboration between the Auditor-General and the Public Protector, including the establishment of mechanisms to track and monitor referred matters.
In July 2013, it was reported that a letter dated 23 May 2013, addressed to Parliament by President Jacob Zuma, detailed a salary hike of R941 400 a year backdated for six-and-a-half years, a windfall of well over R6 million. The news was received with criticism.

</doc>
<doc id="20209604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209604" title="Basilica of Notre-Dame du Port">
Basilica of Notre-Dame du Port

The Basilica of Notre-Dame du Port is a Romanesque basilica, formerly a collegiate church, in the Port quarter of Clermont-Ferrand, between Place Delille and the cathedral. From the 10th century to the French Revolution it was served by a community of canons, regular until the 13th century, and thereafter secular.
History.
According to tradition, the church was founded by the bishop of Clermont, Saint Avitus, in the 6th century and was rebuilt in the 11th or 12th centuries after being burned down by the Normans. The establishment here of a community of canons took place no earlier than the middle of the 10th century, under bishop Étienne II of Clermont. 
The church was formally declared a basilica minor on 3 May 1886.
In the 19th century the bell tower was added, and the Romanesque roof tiles were replaced by lava slabs. These have since been removed again and the roof restored as near as possible to its original state. A major restoration programme took place in the church interior between 2007 and 2008, consisting of the cleaning of all the stonework, the removal of cement pointing from the restoration of the 19th century, the restoratin of the pictures and the replacement of the lustres (the crypt however was not included).
On Sunday 7 December 2008 the statue of "Notre-Dame du Port" ("Our Lady of the Port") was reinstalled in the church, having been kept safe in Clermont Cathedral during the restoration works, thus marking the reopening of the building to the public.
In 1998 the Basilica of Notre-Dame du Port was added to the UNESCO World Heritage list as part of the Routes of Santiago de Compostela in France.
The name "du Port" supposedly comes from the fact that the church was built in the "port" district, in Latin "portus", here in the sense of "market" rather than "seaport". It should be noted however that the church at first bore the name of Sainte-Marie-Principale; the description "Portus" or " du Port" is not known before the 11th century. Nor was the Port district, at least in the Middle Ages, a particularly commercial one: the districts of Saint-Pierre and Saint-Genès were much more so.
Description.
The basilica is one of the five Romanesque churches in Auvergne known as the "greater" churches ("majeures"), the others being the church of Saint-Austremoine in Issoire, the Basilica of Notre-Dame of Orcival, the church of Saint-Nectaire, and the church of Saint-Saturnin.
Built of arkose, a sort of sandstone, the building has an almost perfect harmony supposedly resulting from the application of the ratio of the Golden Number.
The church is built on a Latin cross ground plan with a nave of six bays between two low side aisles with simple vaults. There is a transept with a semi-circular chapel on each arm, and a quire surrounded by an ambulatory from which open four radiating chapel, none of them on the main axis, thus forming a chevet, which with its fine mosaics is a notable example of the Romanesque art of Auvergne. The capitals, which are among the finest in Auvergne, principally depict scenes from the Bible, but also some from the "Psychomachia" of Prudentius.

</doc>
<doc id="20209611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209611" title="Matthew James Thomas">
Matthew James Thomas

Matthew James Thomas (sometimes also credited as Matthew Thomas) is a British actor and singer, best known for his role in the UK drama/musical show "Britannia High" and for playing the title role in the 2013 Broadway Revival of "Pippin". He relocated to America in 2010 to star in "" on Broadway.
Early life.
Thomas trained at the Sylvia Young Theatre School in London along with his fellow "Britannia High" cast members Sapphire Elia and Georgina Hagen.
He then went on to training, and graduated from Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts.
Career.
Thomas' earlier TV work includes "Wonderful You", "Shane", "The Blind Date Murders", "Bad Girls", "Doctors", "The Bill" and "Desperados".
He has also appeared in the films "Billy Elliot" and "About a Boy".
At the age of 14, he played Prince John (older) in Stephen Poliakoff's "The Lost Prince".
Thomas' theatre work includes "Fame" at the Shaftesbury Theatre in which he played Schlomo, Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical" Whistle Down the Wind" at the Aldwych Theatre London alongside "Hollyoaks" actress Hannah Tointon and former S Club Juniors member Jay Asforis in 1999-2000, in which he played Clarence. His other theatre credits include "Oliver!" at the London Palladium, "Dick Whittington" at Sadler's Wells Theatre, Wayne in "Popcorn" at the "Landor Theatre" and Romeo in "Romeo & Juliet" at the "Avondale Theatre".
In "Britannia High", Thomas plays Jez Tyler, a wealthy performer who strikes up a friendship with street dancer BB, played by Marcquelle Ward. Jez's centric episode is number 3, which explores his wealthy background and his troubled relationship with his father.
In June 2009 he performed at the Leicester Square Theatre playing the lead role of Dorian Gray in a production directed by Linnie Reedman with music by Joe Evans.
In November 2009 He played Seth the leading role in Karen Wilson's short film "Possessions" alongside Rosalind Halstead, best known for her portrayal as Isabella in "Wuthering Heights".
Later in 2010 he appeared alongside John Nettles, James Fox, Sylvestra Le Touzel, Frances Barber and Richard Fleeshman in the prestigious ITV drama series "Midsomer Murders" as the young manipulative concert pianist Orlando Guest in the episode titled "Masterclass" directed by Renny Rye.
Thomas most recently appeared as part of the original Broadway cast of Julie Taymor's "", which, after many delays, opened in New York on June 14, 2011. As the production's resident Brit, he was the alternate for the lead role of Peter Parker/Spider-Man, performing in place of Reeve Carney twice a week and additionally in Carney's absence. Thomas departed the production at the end of his contract on November 11, 2012 and was replaced by Matt Caplan, who played Flash Thompson in the original cast.
He is currently starring in the Broadway revival of "Pippin" as the title character. He previously played the role at the American Repertory Theater in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Personal life.
Thomas stated in an interview that his most treasured possession is his piano, as he loves to play music and write songs. His favourite artists include Coldplay, U2 (Bono and The Edge wrote the music and lyrics for "Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark") and Mutemath.
He is in a relationship with his former "Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark" co-star, Jennifer Damiano.

</doc>
<doc id="20209619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209619" title="List of Knight's Cross recipients 13th Waffen Mountain Division of the SS Handschar (1st Croatian)">
List of Knight's Cross recipients 13th Waffen Mountain Division of the SS Handschar (1st Croatian)

The 13th Waffen Mountain Division of the SS "Handschar" (1st Croatian) was one of the thirty-eight divisions fielded as part of the Waffen-SS during World War II. The "Handschar" division was a mountain infantry formation. They were used to conduct operations against Yugoslav Partisans in the puppet state of Nazi Germany known as "Independent State of Croatia" from February to December 1944 and spent the remainder of the war fighting against the advancing Soviets in southern Hungary. Sixty percent of its recruits were composed of Muslim Bosniaks, gradually supplemented by ethnic Albanians and Catholic Croatians, while the rest were Yugoslav "Volksdeutsche" who made up the majority of its officers and NCOs.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of September 1, 1939 instituted the Iron Cross and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. As the war progressed some of the recipients distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of June 3, 1940. In 1941 two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of September 28, 1941 introduced the Knight’s Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. At the end of 1944 the last and final grade, the Knight's Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds, based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt 1945 I S. 11" of December 29, 1944 concluded the variants of the Knight's Cross.
Prerequisites.
To qualify for the Knight's Cross, a soldier had to already hold the 1939 Iron Cross First Class, though the Iron Cross I Class was awarded concurrently with the Knight's Cross in rare cases.
Unit commanders could also be awarded the medal for exemplary conduct by the unit as a whole.
Grades.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was divided into five grades, excluding the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross:
The Knight's Cross was awarded to the following members of 13th Waffen Mountain Division of the SS Handschar (1st Croatian):

</doc>
<doc id="20209624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209624" title="List of features removed in Windows 7">
List of features removed in Windows 7

Similar to the transition from Windows XP to Windows Vista, certain capabilities and programs that are present in Windows Vista are no longer present in Windows 7 or have changed. The following is a list of features that originated in earlier versions of Windows and included up to Windows Vista.

</doc>
<doc id="20209661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209661" title="Sofija Novoselić">
Sofija Novoselić

Sofija Novoselić (born January 18, 1990) is a Croatian alpine skier, member of the Croatian Alpine Ski Team. Her strongest discipline is slalom.
Novoselić was born in Zagreb, at the time in SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia. She debuted in Zagreb in 2006. Her best result so far in a FIS race was 10th place in slalom. In FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2007 she won 27th place in slalom.

</doc>
<doc id="20209667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209667" title="Five Moons">
Five Moons

The Five Moons are five Native American ballerinas from the U.S. state of Oklahoma who achieved international prominence during the 20th century. They are Yvonne Chouteau, Rosella Hightower, Moscelyne Larkin, and sisters Maria Tallchief and Marjorie Tallchief. Five Moons (2007) is the name of a bronze sculpture installation in Tulsa, Oklahoma, that portrays the five ballerinas.
The ballerinas.
Yvonne Chouteau (born 1929), grew up in Vinita, Oklahoma and is a member of the Shawnee Tribe. At age 14, she became the youngest dancer to be accepted by the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo. She and her husband Miguel Terekhov founded the Oklahoma City Civic Ballet, now known as Oklahoma City Ballet.
Rosella Hightower (1920-2008), a Choctaw, was born in Durwood, Oklahoma. She studied ballet in Kansas City, Kansas and New York. Hightower first danced for the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo and several other companies. She founded the Center for Classical Dance in Cannes, France and was the director of the Marseilles Opera Ballet, the Ballet de Nancy, and the Ballet de l'Opéra National de Paris. In 1975, she garnered France's premier honor, the "Chevalier de la Légion d'Honneur".
Moscelyne Larkin (1925-2012) was born in Miami, Oklahoma. She is of Peoria, Shawnee, and Russian heritage. Her mother personally trained her in ballet until she moved to New York to continue her studies. Larkin joined the Original Ballet Russe at age 15, and later danced for the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo. She moved to Tulsa, Oklahoma with her husband Roman Jansinsky, where they founded the Tulsa Ballet Theatre.
Maria Tallchief (1925-2013) was Osage and was born in Fairfax, Oklahoma. Her family moved to Los Angeles, California to give her and her sister the best ballet training. She joined the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo and later the New York City Ballet. She married its director and choreographer George Balanchine, who created ballets for her.
Marjorie Tallchief (born 1926) is Maria's sister and is also Osage. She grew up in Fairfax, Oklahoma. She became the first Native American "premiere danseuse étoile" in the Paris Opéra. Tallchief danced in a number of ballet companies and was director of dance at the school of the Dallas Civic Ballet (later renamed the Dallas Ballet) Dallas; the City Ballet of Chicago; and the Harid Conservatory of Boca Raton, Florida.
Artistic tributes.
The ballerinas inspired other forms of art. A ballet entitled "The Four Moons" was created for the Oklahoma Indian Ballerina Festival in 1967. The ballet, set to music by the Oklahoma native Louis Ballard, a Quapaw-Cherokee composer, consists of four solos that evoke each dancer’s tribal heritage. The Osage solo is dedicated to both Tallchief sisters, thus explaining "The Four Moons" title, as opposed to five.
Chickasaw artist Mike Larsen painted a mural depicting the Five Moons, entitled "Flight of Spirit." The mural hangs in the Oklahoma State Capitol Rotunda in Oklahoma City. One of the last paintings by Muscogee Creek artist Jerome Tiger was "The Four Moons," used for the cover of Louis Ballard's ballet program. The 1967 tempera and casein painting features Chouteau, Hightower, Larkin, and Marjorie Tallchief in a range of dynamic dance positions with four stylized moons, on a solid blue field.
Lili Cockerille Livingston wrote a biography of the women, entitled "American Indian Ballerinas,". She excluded Moscelyne Larkin Jasinski from the book at her request.
Sculpture.
"The Five Moons" sculpture was unveiled at the Tulsa Historical Society in November 2007. The sculptures present each of the women in a costume and pose representative of one of their signature roles. The project was begun in 1995 by artist Monte England. England, inspired by Mike Larsen's mural, desired to create a tribute in bronze to the ballerinas in his hometown of Tulsa. Sponsorship of the project was provided by Tulsa Historical Society and the Tulsa Ballet, whose representative monitored the project to help England ensure that details such as hand position and dress were accurate. In 2005, however, England died, having completed only two of the full-sized sculptures. England's long-time friend and fellow sculptor Gary Henson was asked to complete the project. Henson was provided license by the Ballet and Historical Society to complete the remaining sculptures in his own style, which differed slightly from that of England.

</doc>
<doc id="20209683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209683" title="International Journal of e-Collaboration">
International Journal of e-Collaboration

The International Journal of e-Collaboration is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the interdisciplinary field of e-collaboration at the intersection of human-computer interaction, computer-supported cooperative work, and electronic commerce. It was established in 2005 and is published by IGI Global. The editor-in-chief is Ned Kock (Texas A&M International University). Every year, the journal's editorial board selects one article to receive its Best Article Award.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the ACM Digital Library, PsycINFO, and Scopus.

</doc>
<doc id="20209709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209709" title="Milan Langer">
Milan Langer

Milan Langer (born in Prague, 1955) is a Czech pianist. 
He won Smetana Competition and the Chopin Competition in Mariánské Lázně, and was prized at the 1976 Paloma O'Shea Competition. Langer is best known for his work as a member of the Czech Trio (1994- ) and his recordings for Supraphon on the Czech pre-romantic repertory, such as Václav Tomášek's Eclogues and Antonín Rejcha's fugues. 
Langer is the head of the Prague Conservatory's piano department.

</doc>
<doc id="20209718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209718" title="Mk 92 Guided Missile Fire Control System">
Mk 92 Guided Missile Fire Control System

Radar Systems.
The Mk 92 system assigns targets via the ship's air search radar, and surface search radar or from the MK 92's own search radar capabilities. The system has two or three radar sub-systems depending on the model. The first two are combined into a single system called the Combined Antenna System or CAS is used in all models. The CAS has a track while scan radar (Search) and a tracking radar both housed in an egg shaped randome. The radars can search for, track, and illuminate targets. There is also a third radar for target illumination referred to as the Separate Target Illumination Radar or STIR. The STIR is a radar developed from the AN/SPG-60 radar that is part of the Mk 86 gun fire control system. 
STIR (Separate Target Illumination Radar) Deactivated.
The USN retired the RIM-66E, or Standard missile-1, from active service in 2003. Oliver Hazard Perry frigates in USN service have had the STIR radar removed. The STIR radars are still in use on non-USN vessels. 

</doc>
<doc id="20209722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209722" title="Tredington">
Tredington

Tredington may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20209731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209731" title="Dillon's Reprise Room">
Dillon's Reprise Room

Dillon's Reprise Room, is a cabaret, located on West 54th Street in Manhattan's Theater District. Over the years, Dillons has been home to successful musical runs of "Our Sinatra," "Water Coolers," and most recently "Boobs! The Musical," as well as some of cabaret's top performers. 

</doc>
<doc id="20209753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209753" title="Alf Goullet">
Alf Goullet

Alf Goullet (5 April 1891 – 11 March 1995) was an Australian cyclist who won more than 400 races on three continents, including 15 six-day races. He set world records from two-thirds of a mile to 50 miles, and the record for the distance ridden in a six-day race.
Biography.
Career.
Goullet – pronounced to rhyme with "roulette" – was in born Gippsland, Victoria, Australia and grew up in Emu, Victoria, 150 miles north of Melbourne. He created a cycling track at home by leading a horse as it dragged a log to clear the grass. He made a name in Australia and was contracted to ride in the United States. He landed at New York in winter 1910 "in a snowstorm, wearing a sleeveless shirt and a straw hat because it was summer at home." He was 19. He settled in Newark and raced on outdoor tracks set in parks and sports grounds.
In Salt Lake City in 1912 he set world records at two-thirds of a mile, three-quarters of a mile and a mile. A reporter there wrote:
That winter Goullet won the first Paris six-day race, paired with Joe Fogler of Brooklyn. He returned to America and in November 1914 won the six-day at Madison Square Garden, paired with another Australian, Alfred Grenda. The 2,759.2 miles they covered is still a record. Goullet rode the last hour of the race - a six-day relay race - without Grenda's help. His partner had appendicitis.
He wrote in the "Saturday Evening Post" after his first six-day race in New York:
Goullet took American nationality in 1916. He joined the navy when the USA joined World War I in 1917 but never left the country.
Goullet was so popular in the 1920s that he was paid of $1,000 a day. The historian Peter Nye says a National Football League franchise could be bought at the time for a few hundred dollars. National Football League teams sold for $100 each in the 1920s, making all 11 teams together worth $1100. Goullet made 10 times as much. Such was the crowd - 15,000 - to see him at Madison Square Garden in 1921 that firemen surrounded the building to stop gatecrashers. The "New York Times" said: "Goullet won the race through the greatest exhibition of sustained speed ever known in history." He and a Tour de France rider, Maurice Brocco, picked up $50,000 on the last night. Nye says it would be worth $375,000 today. Damon Runyon wrote in the "New York Times" that Goullet was the king of six-day racers, proclaiming, "Long live the king!"
By 1925, Goullet had won around 400 races, established six world records and won the New York six-day eight times.
Retirement.
Goullet retired at 34, recently married, after that December's race at Madison Square Garden. The organisers paid him an appearance fee of $10,000. He estimated he earned $100,000 from cycling at a time when a manual worker brought home $5 a day. At his peak he earned more than the $20,000 paid to baseball's Babe Ruth in the year he hit 54 home runs for the Yankees. He began selling life insurance and owned and ran a skating rink in Wayne Township.
He was inducted into the Madison Square Garden Hall of Fame in 1968, then flew to Melbourne - his first trip to Australia in 75 years - to join the Australian Sports Hall of Fame. He was enrolled in the US Bicycling Hall of Fame May 1988.
Death.
Goullet died in a nursing home aged 103 in Toms River, New Jersey, United States. He was survived by his son, Richard, daughter Suzanne, six grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="20209818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209818" title="Tredington, Warwickshire">
Tredington, Warwickshire

Tredington is a small village near Shipston-on-Stour in Warwickshire.
The village has a primary School, a church, and a pub, along with a village shop, although this has now closed.
The river Stour runs through Tredington, and it was at this exact location where the UK's 2nd largest pike was caught by Geoff Crabtree, weighing in at a whopping 45 lb 7oz. 
Neighbouring villages include Ilmington and Halford.
The village church St.Gregory's has the tallest spire in Warwickshire, while the front door still shows the remains of bullet marks left over from the English Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="20209834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209834" title="Nathalis iole">
Nathalis iole

The Dainty Sulphur or Dwarf Yellow ("Nathalis iole") is a North American butterfly in the family Pieridae.
Description.
"For a key to the terms used see Lepidopteran glossary"
This species is the smallest North American pierid. A rare population, known from Homestead (Smith et al., 1994), is said to have mostly white individuals. Some feel that the Dainty Sulphur is so unique among pierids, in shape and in several structural features, that it should belong in a separate subfamily. Its appearance is highly variable but identification should not be a problem. The fore wings elongated shape is distinctive. The upper side of the wings is yellow with the tip of the fore wing being black. Black bars extend along the trailing edge of the fore wing and the leading edge of the hind wing. Male Dainty Sulphurs have an oval scent patch (called an androconial spot) in each hind wing bar. The androconial spot is reddish-orange but fades to pale yellow after death. The underside of the wings varies depending on the season. Summer individuals have yellowish hind wings whereas winter individuals have greenish-gray hind wings. Both forms have black spots near the fore wing margin and have a yellowish-orange patch near the base of the fore wing.
Similar Species.
Similar species in the Dainty Sulphur's range include the Barred Yellow ("Eurema daira") and the Little Yellow ("Eurema lisa").
The Barred Yellow is larger than the Dainty Sulphur, and the underside of the wings is either all grayish-white or brownish-red.
The Little Yellow is also larger than the Dainty Sulphur, lacks the dorsal fore wing and hind wing black bars, and on the underside of the fore wing lacks the black spots and the yellowish-orange patch.
Habitat.
Almost any open space including coastal flats, deserts, fields, roadsides, vacant lots, and waste areas. It usually flies very low to the ground.
Life cycle.
Males patrol just inches above the ground in search of females. If a male finds a female and is faced with rejection, males are likely to engage in an open-winged display, showing off their dorsal bars and their androconial spots. This last-resort effort to impress the female will often make her reconsider her unwise decision.Females lay their lemon-yellow or orange-yellow eggs singly on young or emerging leaves of the host plant. The eggs will hatch within 4–7 days. The larvae are quite variable. Some larvae are dark green, while others are dark green with bright pinkish-purple stripes. The stiff haired larvae have two pinkish-red bumps just above the head. The green or yellow-green chrysalis is covered with yellow-white dots. It lacks a projection on the head which is found in most pierids. The Dainty Sulphur will migrate south to spend the winter because it is unable to survive the cold. If day length is short when it's a larva, the Dainty Sulphur produces a winter phenotype upon forming its chrysalis which will then produce a butterfly with three times the usual number of dark scales. This allows it to absorb solar heat more easily. It has multiple broods per year.
Host Plants.
Here are a list of host plants used by the Dainty Sulphur:

</doc>
<doc id="20209843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209843" title="Hal Crowther">
Hal Crowther

Hal Crowther (born in 1945) is an American journalist and essayist. 
His essays have been published in many anthologies, including "Novello: Ten Years of Great American Writing" (2000). "Dealer's Choice," Crowther's column on southern letters and culture, has been featured in The "Oxford American" since 1994.
He was executive editor for the "Spectator" in Raleigh, North Carolina from 1984 until 1989, and he has also been the film and drama critic for the "Buffalo News", media critic for "Newsweek", and writer for "Time magazine". Additionally, Crowther has written for The Humanist and Free Inquiry magazines. He has also been a regular contributor to the book pages of The "Atlanta Journal-Constitution".
He is a graduate of Williams College and the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism. He lives in Hillsborough, North Carolina with his wife, novelist Lee Smith.
Awards.
In 1992 his syndicated column received the "Baltimore Sun"'s H. L. Mencken Writing Award and in 1998 it won the American Association of Newsweeklies first prize for commentary, shared with Nat Hentoff of the "Village Voice". His book "Cathedrals of Kudzu: A Personal Landscape of the South" won the Lillian Smith Book Award, the 1999-2001 Fellowship Prize for Non-Fiction from the Fellowship of Southern Writers, and the 2001 first prize for essays from "Foreword Magazine". In 2000, he received the Russell J. Jandoli Award for Excellence in Journalism from St. Bonaventure University.

</doc>
<doc id="20209844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209844" title="London Intermediate Cup">
London Intermediate Cup

The London Intermediate Cup is the County Intermediate Cup of the London FA. The London Intermediate Cup was first won by Barking in 1914-15.
Winners.
Results of finals since 1914-15 are: 

</doc>
<doc id="20209852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209852" title="Intracavernous injection">
Intracavernous injection

An intracavernous (or intracavernosal) injection is an injection into the base of the penis. This injection site is often used to administer medications to check for or treat erectile dysfunction in adult men (in e.g. combined intracavernous injection and stimulation test). The more common medications administered in this manner include Caverject, Trimix (Prostaglandin, Papaverine, and Phentolamine), Bimix (Papaverine and Phentolamine), and Quadmix (Prostaglandin, Papaverine, Phentolamine, and either Atropine or Forskolin). These medications are all types of vasodialtors and cause tumesence within 10-15 minutes.
Common side effects include, but are not limited to, priapism, bruising, fibrosis, Peyronies, and pain.
Priapism is also often treated with intracavernous injections, usually with sympathomimetic vasoconstricting drugs like adrenaline or phenylephrine.

</doc>
<doc id="20209860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209860" title="Robert Francis (musician)">
Robert Francis (musician)

Robert Francis (born September 25, 1987 in Los Angeles, California) is a multi-instrumentalist, Americana singer-songwriter. His debut full-length album "One By One" was released in August 2007 by Aeronaut Records. The record has gained attention due, in part, to Francis's musical performances that stem from his "eccentric classical-record-producer and pianist father, a Mexican mother who frequently invited her sisters over to sing Ranchero songs, a Hari Krishna brother, and two older sisters who were in various rock bands that played in clubs all over the city".
His sound is distinguished by his "bright, gravelly baritone", often conveying the emotion of a more "hardened performer".
One of his popular songs, "Junebug", was featured as a free song on iTunes for a week. This song reached #26 in Germany and #22 in Switzerland.
It was announced that Francis would release his third album, and first with Vanguard Records, Strangers in the First Place, on May 22. Following the announcement, Some Things Never Change, the album's first single, was released as a free download on his website.
Francis' song, "All of My Trains," from his album "One By One" appeared in the 2009 film, The Vicious Kind.
Two of his songs, "Dakota" and "All of My Trains", were used in the 2012 film Deadfall.

</doc>
<doc id="20209880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209880" title="Katherine Weare">
Katherine Weare

Katherine Weare (born 1950) is a Professor of Education at the University of Southampton, England. 
She was educated at the Grey Coat Hospital, Westminster, the University of Kent at Canterbury, Goldsmiths College, University of London and the Institute of Education, University of London. She began her career as a teacher of English and Drama in secondary schools, and moved into higher education at the age of 25. She has researched and written extensively on mental health, emotional wellbeing, emotional and social learning.
In the 1980s she was a key player in the development of the Healthy School/Health Promoting School movement under the umbrella of the World Health Organisation and the European Union. In the 1990s she worked for the World Health Organisation in Eastern and Central Europe and Russia to develop work on social, emotional and health education in schools. She has helped various national and international agencies to develop their education and mental health services, including working with the European Union to develop work on preventing anxiety and depression in children and young people, and in creating an international database of effective mental health programmes for Europe.
Since the year 2000 she has advised the English government Department for Children, Schools and Families on policy in the area of social and emotional learning (SEAL). Her report to the DCSF "What Works in Promoting Children's Emotional and Social Competence" was a significant catalyst in the development of the English programme “Primary SEAL”, a comprehensive approach to helping children develop their social and emotional skills, which can now be found in at least half the primary schools in England. She went on to be a key contributor to the writing and development of a parallel programme in secondary schools, “Secondary SEAL”. 
She is an honorary member of the Society of Public Health Medicine, and a board member of the international network INTERCAMHS (International alliance for child and mental health in schools).
She is editor of the journal "Health Education", published by Emerald Group Publishing, and on the editorial board of several mental health journals.

</doc>
<doc id="20209882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209882" title="In the House of Suddhoo">
In the House of Suddhoo

In the House of Suddhoo is a short story by Rudyard Kipling. The story was published in the "Civil and Military Gazette" on April 30, 1886 under the title Section 420, I.P.C. (Indian Penal Code). (Section 420 of the Indian Penal Code of 1860 lays down that anyone who cheats and dishonestly induces a person to hand over any valuable property shall be punished with imprisonment and a fine. Its first appearance in book form was in the first Indian edition of "Plain Tales from the Hills" in 1888, and in subsequent editions of that collection. It was the third of the stories that appear in that collection to be written 
In the House of Suddhoo, therefore, is a story about deception. There are several layers of uncertainty in it. Suddhoo is a "very, very old" man who lets rooms in his house. The inhabitants are: on the ground floor, Bhagwan Dass, the grocer, and a man who claims to be a seal-cutter, together with their households; on the upper floor, Janoo (and formerly Azizun, who has now married and left), "Ladies of the City, and theirs was an ancient and more or less honourable profession" (that is, prostitutes). Here is one layer of questionable honesty - although Kipling is at pains to show Janoo as honest and intelligent. The narrator is in favour with Suddhoo, because he, a Sahib or Briton has got a job for one of Suddhoo's cousins. "Suddhoo says that God will make me a Lieutenant-Governor one of these days. layer of dishonesty - or humour? I daresay his prophecy will come true. "
Suddhoo is very fond of his son, who lives at Peshawar, some 400 miles away. The young man contracts pleurisy. The seal-cutter, who understands the telegraph as Suddhoo cannot, has a friend in Peshawar who sends him the details before letters arrive. Suddhoo is worried at his son's health and invites the narrator to discuss it - specifically the prohibition on "jadoo", or magic, by the Raj. The narrator reassures him that white magic is permitted, and that the officials of the Raj practise it themselves - Kipling adds, with more humour, "(If the Financial Statement the Budget of the government of India isn't magic, I don't know what is.)" Suddhoo admits that he has paid much money for the 'clean sorcery' of the seal-cutter, who gets accurate reports "more quickly than the lightning can fly".
So they approach Suddhoo's house, hearing noises from the seal-cutter's window. They climb the darkened stairs, to Janoo's room, where there is more space. Then the magician enters, stripped to the waist, and puts on a most impressive performance, face white and eyes rolled back. The narrator recognises the fire-eating and the ventriloquism, and realises that, however impressive - and frightening - the performance is, it is a fraud, as Janoo says in her own language hearing him twice claim a very precise fee. (It is, of course, the central fraud in the tale.) She is upset that Suddhoo is spending all his money, some of which she had counted on acquiring (by "wheedling", which may be accounted as another form of deception).
Kipling summarises the narrator's problems: he has aided and abetted the seal-cutter in obtaining money under false pretences, so is guilty under British law; he cannot tackle the seal-cutter, as the latter will poison Janoo; and he fears that Janoo will poison the seal-cutter anyway. making him (the narrator) guilty as accessory to the act.
So deception is manifold.

</doc>
<doc id="20209883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209883" title="Yost">
Yost

Yost may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20209892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209892" title="Shea Campbell">
Shea Campbell

Shea Campbell is a Northern Irish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Dungannon Swifts.
Career.
Campbell moved from Ballymena United to Linfield in January 2005. He was released in July 2005 due to a lack of first-team football. Campbell went on trial with Newry City in August 2005, but he wasn't offered a contract, and he instead moved to Glenavon later that same month. While at Glenavon, Campbell spent a loan spell with Armagh City, and the move became permanent in January 2006. Campbell re-signed for Dungannon Swifts in April 2007. Campbell then re-signed for Glenavon in August 2009. After one season playing at right-back for Glenavon, Campbell left the club for a short spell at Loughgall. Despite making a stunning start to his career with Loughgall, his time there was to be short-lived as he returned to Armagh City for a fourth spell at the Holm Park club. In the summer of 2011 Campbell once again signed for first club Dungannon Swifts.

</doc>
<doc id="20209898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209898" title="Magnolia Purewater Wizards">
Magnolia Purewater Wizards

The Magnolia Purewater Wizards is a basketball team currently playing in the Philippine Basketball League and is owned by San Miguel Corporation.
Notable players.
Instafood Meal Masters.
Clifton Claybrooks

</doc>
<doc id="20209904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209904" title="2009 Kansas State Wildcats baseball team">
2009 Kansas State Wildcats baseball team

The 2009 Kansas State Wildcats baseball team represented Kansas State University in the NCAA Division I college baseball season of 2009. It was the 109th baseball season in school history.
The team's head coach was Brad Hill who was in his sixth season at Kansas State. He was previously the head coach at Central Missouri State before coming to Manhattan in 2004.
Kansas State made the NCAA Tournament for the first time in school history. The team finished the season by setting the school’s record for wins, eight more than the previous school record of 35 in 1976.
Pre-season.
The Wildcats, who recorded the most conference victories and its highest conference finish (tied for sixth) since 2002, return five pitchers who combined for 21 starts last season. The Wildcats will have junior A.J. Morris and seniors Lance Hoge and Todd Vogel, while sophomore Thomas Rooke, who tied for fifth in school history with 25 appearances out of the bullpen last year, could be called upon to start some games this year for the Wildcats.
Offensively, K-State returns four of its top five hitters from a year ago, including junior infielder Justin Bloxom and senior outfielder Dane Yelovich. Bloxom led K-State in virtually every offensive category last season, including batting average (.288), hits (63), RBI (49), triples (2), total bases (105), total plate appearances (252), at bats (219), games played (58) and games started (57). Yelovich finished with a .286 average and stole 18 bases, good for fourth in the Big 12 Conference.
Alongside Bloxom in the infield is expected to be sophomore Carter Jurica at second base, converted outfielder Jason King at third, while senior Drew Biery will man shortstop for the second-consecutive year.
The outfield will feature Yelovich in center field, while fellow senior, Jordan Cruz, will return to right field after beginning the 2008 season as the starter. Left field will be a battle between junior Adam Muenster and true freshman Nick Martini. Muenster, who will be a switch-hitter this season, could also see time at second base.
Rob Vaughn, a two-year starter at catcher, returns for his senior campaign, while a pair of juniors, Daniel Dellasega and David Masters will also see playing time behind the plate.
Season.
Regular Season.
Head Coach Brad Hill, in his sixth season at K-State, earned Big 12 Coach of the Year honors as he guided Kansas State to a 39-win season, including 14 conference victories to finish fourth in the league, all school bests. The team also earned their highest ranking in school history as they were number 10 in the Baseball America Top 25 earlier in the season. A.J. Morris won Big 12 pitcher of year, the first Wildcat ever to do so. Morris finished the regular season as the Big 12 leader in both wins (12) and ERA (1.61). He was also first in innings pitched (100.2), third in opponent batting average (.203) and tied for fifth in strikeouts (91). Morris became the first player in school history to be named a semifinalist for the Dick Howser Trophy. Brad Hill became the first Kansas State coach since Mike Clark in 1990 to be named conference coach of the year.
Carter Jurica earned second-team accolades from the coaches after leading the conference’s top hitting team with a .366 average, which was third in the Big 12 individually. Jurica also finished the regular season third in stolen bases (21), fourth in hits (78), and fifth in both runs scored (57) and on-base percentage (.442). Seniors Drew Biery and Jordan Cruz, junior Justin Bloxom, sophomore Jason King and freshman Nick Martini were each named honorable mention All-Big 12.
Kansas State was tied for 12th nationally with 39 wins. Kansas State has recorded 136 steals this season, the second-most in school history. The Wildcats have recorded 20 triples this season, which are tops in the Big 12, and the most by a K-State team since 1997.
Conference Tournament.
The Wildcats earned a birth in the Big 12 Baseball Tournament for the second year in a row. The tournament was held at AT&T Bricktown Ballpark in Oklahoma City Oklahoma.
Kansas State first beat Kansas by a score of 5-4. They then beat Baylor, 9-4. They faced Texas next for the right to play in the tournament championship. The Wildcats fell short, 2-4.
NCAA Tournament.
The Wildcats earned their first ever berth in the NCAA baseball Tournament. They competed in the Houston Regional, with Rice University playing host, at Reckling Park. The other teams were Rice, Xavier, and Sam Houston State. The lost the regional final against Rice.
Wildcats in the 2009 MLB Draft.
The following members of the 2009 Kansas State Wildcats baseball team were drafted in the 2009 MLB Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20209928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209928" title="Henry Loomis">
Henry Loomis

Henry Loomis (April 19, 1919 – November 2, 2008) was appointed director of the Voice of America in 1958 by President Dwight D. Eisenhower, resigning from the post in 1965 after policy conflicts with President Lyndon B. Johnson, and was appointed by Richard Nixon in 1972 to serve as president of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.
Loomis was born on April 19, 1919 in Tuxedo Park, New York. His father, Alfred Lee Loomis built a fortune financing public utilities and sold out just before the Wall Street crash of 1929. Alfred Loomis set up a physics laboratory in an old mansion where Henry worked with his father as a teenager on brain-wave research, including participating as a volunteer in his father's experiments. The two later took part in pioneering research on radar.
Loomis attended Harvard University and left in 1940 during his senior year to enlist in the United States Navy. Harvard granted him an undergraduate degree in 1946 based on his radar instruction while in the Navy.
In the navy, he was on the staff of the Commander in Chief Pacific Fleet Headquarters in Pearl Harbor. Loomis was responsible for the creation of training materials for radar, and worked with pilots and officers on ships to help overcome their wariness of the technology and develop their skills in its use. Loomis was awarded the Bronze Star Medal and left the Navy with the rank of Lieutenant Commander.
Late in the war, Loomis had a chance meeting with United States Secretary of War Henry L. Stimson, a cousin of Loomis', and Lt. Gen. Leslie Groves, head of the Manhattan Project. In a discussion about potential target cities in Japan for the atomic bomb being developed, Loomis dissuaded them from targeting Kyoto, citing the city's art treasures he had learned about while studying Japanese history at Harvard.
He attended the University of California, Berkeley after the war, where he took graduate courses in physics, including work as an assistant with Ernest Lawrence at the school's radiation laboratory. He and spent four years as assistant to the Dr. James Rhyne Killian, president of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and led the research and intelligence functions at the United States Information Agency. Loomis later directed the staff of Dr. Killian, who had been appointed as the President's science advisor.
He served for 13 years on the board of the not-for-profit Mitre Corporation, which was affiliated with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and worked with the Central Intelligence Agency and United States Department of Defense after graduating from Berkeley.
Voice of America.
Loomis was appointed by President Eisenhower in May 1958 to head the Voice of America, succeeding Robert E. Button.
As Director, Loomis had transmitters erected in Liberia and the Philippines, and in four other countries that had not been previously reached by their signals. These new broadcasting stations were announced in 1959 as additions to the eight stations that existed at the time, as part of a 5-year, $40 million expansion of services. The broadcasting power of the Voice of America was also increased.
Under Loomis' guidance, the first Charter of the Voice of America was established, as part of an effort to ensure that the Voice of America would win the attention and respect of listeners. The initial version of the Charter was approved by President Eisenhower shortly before he left office. The current version of the Charter, signed into law in 1976 by President Gerald Ford, protects the independence and integrity of Voice of America programming, specifying that it will be "a consistently reliable and authoritative source of news", that it will represent the entire United States and will "present a balanced and comprehensive projection of significant American thought and institutions" and that it "will present the policies of the United States clearly and effectively, and will also present responsible discussions and opinion on these policies." Loomis expressed his belief that the Charter was "so fundamental and so represents the realities of the world and the moral principles that undergird this nation, that the Charter will endure for the life of the Voice." President John F. Kennedy in a 1962 visit to the headquarters of the Voice of America, emphasized the importance of journalistic integrity, stating that "You are obliged to tell our story in a truthful way, to tell it, as Oliver Cromwell said about his portrait, to paint us 'with all our blemishes and warts,' all those things about us that may not be immediately attractive."
As part of an effort to help make English a World language, Loomis oversaw the introduction on October 19, 1959 of the use of Special English, in which news is read slowly using a limited vocabulary of about 1,500 words with a simplified grammar and short pauses between adjacent words to make word boundaries more easily discernible. The target audience for Special English is people who have learned English in school, but are less than fluent and do not speak it in daily usage.
In February 1962, Loomis announced the addition of three new short-wave radio transmitters that would allow it to better compete with Radio Moscow and Peiping Radio, and to help reach through the jamming of its signal.
Under Loomis, the Voice of America reported on the pressing stories of the day, including round-the-clock coverage in Spanish and expanded English language reporting during the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962. The VOA broadcast Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech live around the world in August 1963 during the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom.
Loomis resigned from his post in 1965, citing increasing pressure from the Johnson Administration to refrain from reporting news that would reflect negatively on the White House, particularly on the nation's increasing military involvement in Southeast Asia. The Johnson White House wanted the Voice of America to refrain from reporting on United States Air Force missions over Laos. Loomis noted in his farewell speech that "The Voice of America is not the voice of the administration."
Corporation for Public Broadcasting.
President Richard M. Nixon appointed Loomis in September 1972 as president of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, overseeing money to be allocated to public television stations, in an appointment that "Time" magazine described as evidence that "the localists appear to have won the battle". Loomis, then deputy director of the United States Information Agency, was named to replace John W. Macy. Jr., who had been the first head of the Corporation when it was established in 1969, and had been a longtime advocate of centralization of public broadcasting. Loomis removed control over programming from the Public Broadcasting Service, decentralizing control and redistributing the funds to local stations.
In December 1977, Loomis announced that he would step down as president when his term ended in September 1978, or would leave earlier if a successor was selected.
Loomis resigned in 1978 in a wave of centralization back to PBS under the Carter Administration.
Personal.
His brother, Alfred Loomis was a sailor who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, where he won a gold medal in the 6 Metre class with the boat "Uanoria".
Loomis died at age 89 on November 2, 2008 in Jacksonville, Florida due to complications of Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease and Pick's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="20209939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209939" title="Jamia Khair-ul-Madaris">
Jamia Khair-ul-Madaris

Jamia Khair-ul-Madaris is located in Multan, Punjab, Pakistan. It is one of the Islamic seminaries in the South Asia. It was founded by an Islamic scholar, a saint and a teacher of Islamic learning Hazrat Maulana Khair Muhammad Jalandhari on 19th of Shawal, 1349 AH (9 March 1931, AD) at Jalandhar (now in Indian Punjab), under the patronage of Hazrat Maulana Ashraf Ali Thanvi who was an Islamic revivalist, a sage of his time and the spiritual preceptor of the founder of the Jamia.
History.
The Jamia, with the blessings and suggestion of the spiritual preceptor of the founder, Hazrat Maulana Ashraf Ali Thanvi, was named as "Khair-ul-Madaris" with reference to the name of the founder, Maulana Khair Muhammed.
After the emergence of Pakistan, Hazrat Maulana Khair Muhammad migrated to Pakistan and settled in Multan. He revived the Jamia in Multan as it is an historical city of southern Punjab. The founder was asked with insistence to do so by Hazrat Maulana Muhammad Ali Jalandhari. The Jamia was revived at Multan on 22nd of Zul-Qada, 1366 AH.(18 October 1947).
Multan is situated in the heart of Pakistan and possesses a great historical significance. The alumni of this Jamia serve the cause of Islam within and without the country; a number of them have established a network of Islamic seminaries throughout Pakistan. The contributions of the Jamia's scholar students have brought the name and fame at the top of the list of Islamic Madaris in Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="20209945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209945" title="Ilva Trophy">
Ilva Trophy

The Ilva Trophy is a defunct WTA Tour affiliated tennis tournament played from 1984 to 1994, with the exception of 1986 and 1987. It was held in Taranto in Italy and played on outdoor clay courts. It was a Tier V tournament until 1992 and was promoted to Tier IV for its last two years.

</doc>
<doc id="20209954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209954" title="Corpus Christi Army Depot">
Corpus Christi Army Depot

Corpus Christi Army Depot (CCAD) is a United States Department of Defense (DoD) Center of Industrial and Technical Excellence (CITE) for rotary wing aircraft. It has been a tenant of Naval Air Station Corpus Christi since 1961. 
CCAD is currently the largest facility of its type in the world and serves as a depot training base for active duty Army, National Guard, Reserve and international personnel. The depot performs overhaul, repair, modification, recapitalization, retrofit, testing and modernization of helicopters, engines and components for all service and international sales of rotary wing aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="20209968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209968" title="The Ultimate Prom Nite (Season 2)">
The Ultimate Prom Nite (Season 2)

The Ultimate Prom Nite is a Malaysian reality TV series produced by Primeworks Studios in cooperation with skincare maker Nivea. The inter-campus prom night seeks those worthy for the throne of "Ultimate Prom King and Queen" amongst students of various higher educational institutions throughout Malaysia.
Season two of "The Ultimate Prom Nite" aired on 8TV from 6 November till 11 December 2008. Hansen Lee and Sarah Lian were hosts, assisted by Marion Caunter and Henry Golding as judges.
Auditions.
Preliminary auditions were held from 8 July hingga 4 August in 12 selected campuses throughout Peninsular Malaysia, each of which provide a male and a female to vie for the coveted crowns.
In addition, a thirteenth audition session was held in Sri Pentas, Bandar Utama (the headquarters of Media Prima and operational premises of its four TV channels), for students of just any higher-learning institution.
Those who qualified from each college might not necessarily be studying in the college where they took part. Those who qualified were:
Grooming.
The qualified participants kicked off their journey toward the thrones by attending a week-long grooming session which began by a skincare class by Nivea and wholly uses Nivea products.
This was followed by an acting workshop led by Nazril Idrus and Sazzy Falak. The participants were made to make animal sounds for grouping; four distinct sounds were heard and thus they were divided into four groups. Each group took the stage to make a creative introduction before they practice what they were taught by playing a drama.
The acting session ended with some "nice walk" training, in which each contestant is required to make a creative and expressive grand entrance toward the audience in the same manner as TV hosts.
The weekend ended with Henry Golding and Marion Caunter stepping in as judges to test each contestant by asking questions and reviewing recorded confessions, to determine the Top 12. The lucky twelve who made it were: Farhan, Birendra, Adam, Ivan, Danial, and Jian (males); and Nicolette, Radi, Azimah, Fatin, Carmen, and Shereen (females).
Top 12.
The Top 12 were taken to the 1 Utama shopping centre for their next challenge: the Mall Hunt, to test their abilities as team players, leaders and participants. They were divided into two teams of six – Team 1 and Team 2 (or Team A and Team B in the captions) – to perform a total of six tasks in the mall within a 90-minute limit; one task for one member of each team only. Before they begin each next task, each team was given a clue to determine their next task. After completing each task, the member who performed it collected a tag to mark their completion. The Mall Hunt was probably held no later than mid-September; this can be told from the Mid-Autumn Festival stalls in the footage.
The six tasks (and their riddles), in no particular order, were as follows:
The following are the Top 12 and their respective tasks, in chronological order:
Team 1 completed all their tasks and reached the finish line first, while Team 2 trailed behind by five minutes. At the decisive meeting with Caunter and Golding, all members of Team 1 were exempt from elimination as a reward for their success in the Mall Hunt, while those of Team 2 were called up for another round of questioning to ask them why each of them should remain in the game; as well as to determine which one girl and one boy should leave the competition. Radi and Biren wereeliminated from the challenge, leaving the Top 10 for their next challenge.
Top 10.
Hari Raya Aidilfitri celebrations were around the corner, so the Top 10 were taken to the Rumah Kasih Harmoni orphanage in Sungai Buloh for a weekend to test their ability to display dedication, compassion, and their being a role model to society. Among the tasks which they performed there included cooking, housekeeping, laundry, fun and games with the orphans, as well as preparing for Raya.
On day two, the contenders were brought to Cineleisure Damansara where they were split into two again, i.e. the girls' and boys' stall, to sell as many Nivea "charity goodie bags" for five hours to raise as much money for Rumah Kasih Harmoni. Together they contributed RM3,000 to the orphanage fund (another RM7,000 was added by Nivea into the donation).
At the end of the charity stint, the Top 10 again faced Caunter and Golding for another round of inquisition of their experiences throughout the challenge, to determine who would be eliminated this time; it was Jian and Shireen's turn to depart from the competition.
Top 8.
In October, four guys and four girls were assigned their final task before six of them would star in the Ultimate Prom Nite, which is a date with the hosts for dinner in Avanti's in Sunway Resort Hotel (Farhan, Carmen, Danial, Nicolette) or fun under the sun in Sunway Lagoon (Adam, Azima, Ivan, Fatin); the boys dated Sarah while Hansen went one-on-one with the girls. Earlier, after the Top 10 elimination, the remaining finalists picked a paper cutting from a transparent bowl to determine the venue of their date. "The Confidence Beauty Regime", their quick grooming-up with Nivea products, was a must for the contestants before each date.
The Top 8 confronted their last cut-out in SEGi Kota Damansara, this time with the hosts joining Caunter and Golding on the panel of four in the most crucial elimination session to select the Top 6 finalists for the Prom Nite. The judges reminded them that they were looking for one male and one female who could reach out to everyone rather than somebody intelligent or charming. Each contestant was evaluated individually concerning their date and their take on the competition and what they learnt while in contention.
Finally, the hosts short-listed Fatin, Adam, Azima, Ivan, Nicolette and Farhan as the Top 6 who would vie for the Ultimate Prom King and Queen crowns, leaving Danial and Carmen out of contention. From 27 November 2008, 10.30pm (after this episode was broadcast) till 10pm the next day, viewers would vote for their favourite contestant which forms 50% of the overall results, the other half being judges' evaluation, to determine the Prom King and Queen.
Finale.
The "prom nite" of "the Ultimate Prom Nite" season two was recorded in the night of 28 November 2008, only to be telecast on 11 December. The top six arrived by limousine at the Kota Damansara campus of SEGi University College, which was also attended by 2007 Prom King Reagan Kang Ti Kern.
The event proper kicked off with a performance from the CHARM cheerleader squad, followed by the appearances in pairs of Adam and Nicolette, Ivan and Azima, and Farhan and Fatin, introduced by Lee and Lian in front of a dining hall audience. Also present were the judges Marion Caunter, Henry Golding and specially-invited Amber Chia on the panel. After the introductions, the hip-hop dance trio Floor Fever performed before the audience to the turntabling of DJ Iman.
The finalists' first challenge in the Prom Nite was to dance a ballroom-jazz routing in pairs, which they practised in William & Luisa's Danceworld as shown in the footage. Adam and Nicolette danced to "Let It Rock" by Kevin Rudolf and Lil Wayne; Ivan and Azima to "Keeps Gettin' Better" (Christina Aguilera); and Farhan and Fatin to "Womanizer" (Britney Spears).
The second and most important challenge for the top six was another question and answer session which seeks everything the judges needed to know to determine the most worthy for the crowns. Each contestant prepared a campaign video before they respond to judges' questions on their personality.
Before the results, a footage of whom the other 14 contestants voted for among the top 6 was screened. After the judges made their decision combined with the public votes, Adam and Nicolette were crowned the Ultimate Prom King and Queen respectively, each receiving RM10,000 and a 15-minute appearance on "the 8TV Quickie".
Nicolette appeared on the Quickie on 16 December; Adam on the 19th.

</doc>
<doc id="20209979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209979" title="Ilia Beshkov">
Ilia Beshkov

Ilia Beshkov Dunov (; 24 July 1901–23 January 1958) was a Bulgarian artist (painter, graphic artist, cartoonist and illustrator), writer and pedagogue.
Beshkov was born in Dolni Dabnik, nowadays a small town near Pleven in Pleven Province, central northern Bulgaria. In 1918–1920, he studied at the Faculty of Law of Sofia University and briefly returned to his native Dolni Dabnik as a teacher. In 1921, he enrolled in painting at the National Academy of Arts, in the class of prof. Nikola Marinov. He graduated in 1926.
As a student, Beshkov published caricatures in the "Maskarad", "Div Dyado", "Balgaran", "Starshel" and "Vik" magazines and illustrated the issues of the T. F. Chipev and Hemus printing houses. From 1925 on, he co-operated with the "Pladne" magazine among others. He was twice arrested due to his leftist political views: once after participating in the June Uprising following the Bulgarian coup d'état of 1923 and then during the 1925 April Events in the wake of the St Nedelya Church assault.
In 1930, Beshkov became a member of the "Narodno Izkustvo" movement. He was from the founders of the famous newspaper Sturshel (Hornet) in 1940, and published in it without signature or pseudonym. One of his best known comic characters was 'Spekulanta Maks'.
In 1945, he became a lecturer of drawing, illustration and print design at the National Academy of Fine Art; he was elected a tenured professor in 1953 and led the Department of Graphics until his death in 1958 in Sofia.
Beshkov's political caricatures were noted for their sarcasm and deep connotations.
His works were humanist, democratic, revolutionary and national in nature. The art gallery in Pleven is named in his honour and most of his works are exhibited there.

</doc>
<doc id="20209981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209981" title="Africa Open">
Africa Open

The Africa Open is a golf tournament on the Sunshine Tour that was first contested in February 2008, over the Gary Player designed championship course at the Fish River Sun Country Club, near Port Alfred, Eastern Cape, South Africa.
In order to increase the profile of the tournament, since 2009 it has been held in January at the East London Golf Club in East London. In 2009, the Africa Open had a prize fund of R5 million, over four times that of the inaugural event. The Sunshine Tour hoped that it would attract a stronger field as a result, and possibly lead to a co-sanctioning agreement with the European Tour in subsequent years.
In October 2009, it was announced that the Africa Open would be included on the 2010 European Tour schedule. It was the third event of the four tournament South African swing of the tour, held after the Alfred Dunhill Championship and the South African Open, and the week before the Joburg Open. The purse for 2014 was €1,000,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20209988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209988" title="The Environment Network for Manchester">
The Environment Network for Manchester

The Environment Network for Manchester (EN4M) is a group of environmental organisations centered in Manchester, England. Their activities focus on creating a sustainable urban environment and include but are not limited to: recycling, conservation, promotion of renewable energy use, and pollution control. EN4M allows local environmental groups to coordinate their efforts and share resources.
The Environment Network for Manchester was formed by MERCi.
Awards.
In September 2008 The Community Network for Manchester (CN4M) Awarded The Environment Network for Manchester for excellent publicity and outreach.

</doc>
<doc id="20209989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20209989" title="Simcere Pharmaceutical">
Simcere Pharmaceutical

Simcere Pharmaceutical Group or Simcere Pharmaceutical () is a manufacturer and supplier of branded generic pharmaceuticals in the Chinese market. Its focus is to introduce generic and pharmaceutical products for the treatment of diseases with high incidence and/or mortality rate. The Company has introduced a generic anti-stroke medication under the brand name, "Bicun", and an anti-cancer medication under the brand name, "Endu". Its products include antibiotics, anti-stroke medications, anti-inflammatory drugs, anti-cancer medications and other medicines. In addition, it has obtained approvals from the China State Food and Drug Administration (SFDA) to manufacture and sell over 210 other products.
Acquisitions.
In November 2007, the Company acquired Master Luck Corporation Limited, which holds 85.7% of Nanjing Tung Chit Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Products.
The Company manufactures and sells 39 pharmaceuticals marketed under various brands. Of these products, 33 are prescription pharmaceuticals and six are over-the-counter (OTC) pharmaceuticals. In addition, it is also the distributor of "Yingtaiqing"-branded generic diclofenac sodium sustained-release capsules, the "Faneng"-branded generic alfacalcidol soft capsules and the "Yineng"-branded generic lentinan injection, all of which are prescription pharmaceuticals manufactured by independent third parties.
Endu.
Recombinant human endostatin is a genetically engineered protein that interferes with the growth of blood vessels to a tumor, thereby starving and preventing the growth of tumor cells. Endu is a modified version of endostatin. Endu has been engineered to contain an additional nine-amino acid sequence to enhance protein purification, solubility and stability and has been shown to improve the function of endostatin. In June 2007, the Company acquired an additional 10% equity interest in Yantai Medgenn. The Company is conducting Phase IV clinical trials for Endu in approximately 150 hospitals in China.
Bicun.
Bicun is Simcere Pharmaceutical's prescription edaravone injection pharmaceutical for the treatment of strokes. Edaravone is a synthetic-free radical scavenger and has been proved to be effective. Edaravone protects the brain by eliminating excessive free radicals, which are highly reactive molecules occurring in the human body as a result of stroke, an excessive number of which could result in cell damage.
Zailin.
Zailin is the brand name for the Company's line of generic prescription amoxicillin antibiotics, which includes capsules, dispersible tablets, granules and injection. During the year ended December 31, 2007, revenues of Zailin accounted for 21% of the Company's product revenues.
Yingtaiqing.
Yingtaiqing is the brand name for Simcere Pharmaceutical's generic diclofenac sodium in sustained-release capsules and gelatin dosage format, which is an anti-inflammatory pain reliever and analgesic drug used to treat rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. Yingtaiqing sustained-release capsules are prescription pharmaceuticals and are manufactured by a third-party manufacturer, the China Pharmaceutical University Pharmaceutical Company (China Pharmaceutical), and the Company has entered into a distribution agreement with China Pharmaceutical to distribute and sell Yingtaiqing sustained-release capsules in China. In 2007, sales of Yingtaiqing accounted for 10.3% of the Company's product revenues.

</doc>
<doc id="20210006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210006" title="Suzanne Nam">
Suzanne Nam

Suzanne Nam is an American journalist and a former attorney.
Background.
Nam graduated from Northeastern University and has a Juris Doctor degree from the Boston College Law School, where she was a member of the Law Review. She practised law for five years, spending part of the time in London, before moving to New York, where she graduated with a Master's degree from the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism.
Nam currently writes for Forbes Magazine and has also written travel books about Thailand and Bangkok for Moon Publications. She is currently working on her third book.
Personal.
She was born in New York City and lives in Bangkok, Thailand. Her husband, John Brown, works for USAID in Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="20210023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210023" title="Amadou Meïté">
Amadou Meïté

Amadou Meïté (November 28, 1949 – February 11, 2014) was a sprinter from Côte d'Ivoire, who represented his native West African country twice at the Summer Olympics: 1972 and 1976. He is best known for winning the gold medal in the men's 100 metres at the 1978 All-Africa Games.
Meïté was the father of Ben Youssef Meïté, a double African champion in 2010 and 2012, respectively, in 100 and 200 meters.
In January 2014, Amadou Meïté was hospitalized in Abidjan for an undisclosed illness, after being transferred there from the University Hospital in Yopougon. He died in February 2014 at the age of 64.

</doc>
<doc id="20210026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210026" title="Archibald Gracie">
Archibald Gracie

Archibald Gracie (June 25, 1755 – April 11, 1829) was a Scottish-born shipping magnate and early American businessman and merchant in New York City and Virginia whose spacious home, Gracie Mansion, now serves as the residency of the Mayor of New York City.
Early years.
Gracie was the son of a weaver named William Gracie, of Dumfries, Scotland. In 1776, he moved to Liverpool and clerked for a London shipping firm. He used his earnings to purchase a part interest in a mechant ship. 
Life in America.
In April 1784, he sailed to America with a cargo of goods that were his own profit stock. He used the proceedings to invest in a mercantile company in New York City. He later moved to Petersburg, Virginia, and engaged in the export of tobacco to Great Britain. In 1793, he moved back to New York and became a commissary merchant and shipowner (Archibald Gracie and Sons, East India Merchants). Gracie was a business partner of Alexander Hamilton and a friend of John Jay. In 1784, he married Esther Rogers, a daughter of Samuel Rogers of Norwalk, Connecticut, and granddaughter of the former governor of the Connecticut Colony, Thomas Fitch.
Gracie was a member of the Tontine Association, which supervised the trading of stocks. Gracie expanded his interests and became active in the banking and insurance industries. He was an incorporator of the Eagle Fire Insurance Company and vice president of the New York Insurance Company, a director of the United States Bank and of the Bank of America, and Vice-President of the New York Chamber of Commerce from 1800 to 1825. After the death of his wife, Gracie married Elizabeth Fitch. His two marriages yielded ten children. Gracie was the 18th president of the St. Andrews' Society of New York, serving from 1818-23.
In 1798, Gracie purchased a large tract of land on Horn's Hook near the East River, where the following year he constructed a large two-story wooden mansion on the crest of a hill. Used primarily as his country home, the mansion quickly became a hub of the New York city social scene. Gracie's distinguished guests included future United States president John Quincy Adams and future French king Louis Phillippe. Gracie sold the estate in 1823 to pay off debts. It was acquired by New York City in 1891 and serves as the residency of the Mayor of New York City.
Descendants.
His daughter Eliza married Charles King, the president of Columbia University. Another daughter, Sarah, married U.S. congressman James Gore King. Gracie's grandson Archibald Gracie III, a general in the Confederate Army, was killed at the Siege of Petersburg during the American Civil War. Great-grandson Archibald Gracie IV was a military officer and writer who survived the sinking of the RMS "Titanic" in 1912. Coincidentally, one of Gracie IV's fellow travellers on the "Titanic" was John Jacob Astor IV, great-grandson of frequent Gracie Mansion visitor (and personal friend of Gracie I) John Jacob Astor.

</doc>
<doc id="20210027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210027" title="Apgar Fire Lookout">
Apgar Fire Lookout

The Apgar Fire Lookout in Glacier National Park is significant as one of a chain of fire lookout posts within the park. The low two-story frame-construction structure with a pyramidal roof was built in 1929. The design originated with the U.S. Forest Service and has been modified and re-used by the Forest Service and the National Park Service in a variety of contexts.
The first lookout at this location was destroyed by fire in 1929, two weeks after its completion. It was immediately replaced with the present structure.
The present structure is boarded up and not used.

</doc>
<doc id="20210028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210028" title="Michelle Feldman">
Michelle Feldman

Michelle Feldman (born April 19, 1976) is a right-handed female professional ten-pin bowler and former member of the now-defunct Professional Women's Bowling Association (PWBA). She hails from Skaneateles, NY, and now resides in nearby Auburn, NY. In her career, she has won 14 professional titles: 12 on the PWBA Tour and two more in the PBA Women's Series. She was named 2002 PWBA Player of the Year, and was also honored as the "Bowling Digest" Bowler of the Year in 2002.
She recently competed in the PBA Women's Series, which is sponsored by the United States Bowling Congress (USBC). She won two of the first three Women's Series events in the 2008-09 season. She failed to win a singles title in the 2009-10 season, but finished high enough in one of the tournaments to earn a spot in the season-ending PBA Women's Series Showdown. Feldman won this April 6–8 event, rolling 8 of a possible 10 strikes and earning a 12 in the Johnny Petraglia scoring system to defeat Shannon Pluhowsky and Stefanie Nation in the finals.
On July 10, 1997, Feldman gained fame by being the first female bowler to roll a 300 game on American national television. She accomplished the feat at the PWBA Southern Virginia Open when she was just 21 years old. 
Feldman has a high-powered, high-rev "cranker" style delivery that is uncommon among female bowlers.

</doc>
<doc id="20210035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210035" title="Neural magazine">
Neural magazine

Neural is a printed magazine established in 1993 dealing with new media art, electronic music and hacktivism. It was founded by Alessandro Ludovico and Minus Habens Records label owner Ivan Iusco in Bari (Italy). In its first issue (distributed in November 1993) there was the only translation in Italian of the William Gibson's "Agrippa (a book of the dead)" book.
The first topics covered were: cyberpunk (both as a literally and political movement), electronic music, networks and BBS, virtual reality, media, science fiction and UFO. The magazine's mission was to be a magazine of ideas, becoming a node in a larger network of digital culture publishers. The magazine was also committed to give its topics a proper visual frame: focusing on graphic design and how it could have expressed the electronic culture in a sort of printed 'interface', exploiting at the same time the "sensorial" possibilities of the printed page. So, for example the page numbering was strictly in binary numbers for three years, then decimal figures were added aside. There was a department with stereogram pictures and the centerfold hosted a few optical art artworks. The graphic design included a fixed space in every article for contact and links, being inspired by the Whole Earth Catalog experiments.
In issue #18 the centerfold was dedicated to an hacktivist fake. It was made by fake stickers, created by the Italian hacker laboratories' network. These fake stickers were sarcastically simulating the real ones that are mandatory stuck on any book or compact disc sold in Italy, because of the law supporting the SIAE, the local Author's and Musicians' Society. On the one published on "Neural" is written 'suggested duplication on any media'.
In 1997 the first "Neural" website was established, and it is updated daily since September 2000. The Neural website is bi-lingual (English and Italian).
In 1998, the topics were restricted to three: media art, with a peculiar attention to the networked and conceptual use of technology in art (the so-called net.art), hacktivism, or activism using electronic media to express itself and electronic music, investigating how the technology is involved in music production, consumption and experimentation.
In May 2002, "Neural" was one of the founding members of Mag.net, electronic cultural publishers, an international network of magazines, whose slogan is "Collaboration is Better than Competition". This network was founded during the conference and workshop "Post Media Publishing" that took place at the Universidad International de Andalucia, in Seville (Spain). Since then, a few Mag.net meetings, mutual workshops and presentations were done in various countries, and three Mag.net Readers were published as well.
In 2004, Neural.it was awarded with an Honorary Mention in the net.vision category of the Prix Ars Electronica 2004.
In 2007, "Neural" was part of the Documenta 12 magazines project and Alessandro Ludovico was appointed as an advisor.
"Neural" magazine started as a bi-monthly but since 1997 it was printed three times in a year (some years it was printed irregularly). It was printed originally in Italian, but since 2003 there were two different printed editions: in English and Italian. The Italian printed edition was discontinued in 2008. 
ISSN: 2037-108X
English edition.
Issue #20, Hacktive Community<br>
Issue #21, Breaking the Rules<br>
Issue #22, Facing Reality<br>
Issue #23, Hacking the Air<br>
Issue #24, Geek Girls<br>
Issue #25, Media Interventionists<br>
Issue #26, Disturbing the System<br>
Issue #27, Copyright Guerrilla<br>
Issue #28, Data Error<br>
Issue #29, Digital China<br>
Issue #30, Dangerous Games<br>
Issue #31, Information Value<br>
Issue #32, Machine Affection<br>
Issue #33, Scripting Green<br>
Issue #34, Fake'ology<br>
Issue #35, Friends?<br>
Issue #36, Time Deceptions<br>
Issue #37, Common Spacing<br>
Issue #38, p2p > f2f<br>
Issue #39, Multiplied Identities<br>
Issue #40, The Generative Unexpected<br>
Issue #41, Addiction(s)<br>
Issue #42, The Illegal Issue<br>
Issue #43, Networked Tangibility<br>
Issue #44, Post-Digital Print (postscript)<br>
Issue #45, Américas!
Italian edition.
Issue #1, Agrippa<br>
Issue #2, Dream Machine<br>
Issue #3, Realtà Virtuali e Guerra<br>
Issue #1 nuova serie, Bruce Sterling<br>
Issue #2 nuova serie, Brain Machines<br>
Issue #3 nuova serie, Videogames<br>
Issue #4 nuova serie, Wired<br>
Issue #5 nuova serie, Intrusioni Cerebrali<br>
Issue #6 nuova serie, BBS copyright non è reato<br>
Issue #10, Telefoni cellulari, i danni biologici<br>
Issue #11, William Gibson<br>
Issue #12, Next World Radio<br>
Issue #13, Dead Media<br>
Issue #14, Scanner<br>
Issue #15, Lassigue Bendthaus<br>
Issue #16, Etoy<br>
Issue #17, RTMark<br>
Issue #18, Marcus Novak<br>
Issue #19, Richard Stallman<br>
Issue #20, Hacktive Community<br>
Issue #21, Breaking the Rules<br>
Issue #22, Facing Reality<br>
Issue #23, Hacking the Air<br>
Issue #24, Media Interventionists<br>
Issue #25, Copyright Guerrilla

</doc>
<doc id="20210049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210049" title="Ludger Desmarais">
Ludger Desmarais

Ludger Desmarais was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He was born in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada.
Playing career.
Bourcier played for the Pittsburgh Shamrocks of the International Hockey League. He also spent much of his playing time in the Canadian-American Hockey League with the Springfield Indians, Boston Tigers, Providence Reds and the Philadelphia Arrows. He finished his career playing in the American Hockey Association with the Wichita Skyhawks and the Kansas City Greyhounds. He finished his career with Wichita in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20210072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210072" title="Class 94">
Class 94

Class 94 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20210077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210077" title="Pol. San Giorgio a Cremano">
Pol. San Giorgio a Cremano

ASD San Giorgio a Cremano (also known as 'San Giorgio Calcio', and 'San Giorgio 1926') is an Italian association football club, first founded in 1926, and based in San Giorgio a Cremano, Campania. The club currently competes in the Eccellenza Campania – Group A, having been relegated from Group A in the 2011-12 season. They play their home games at "Stadio Comunale Raffaele Paudice", on Via Sandriana, in San Giorgio a Cremano, and wear an all-maroon kit.

</doc>
<doc id="20210081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210081" title="Nana Eshun">
Nana Eshun

Club career.
Eshun had a brief spell in the Turkish Super Lig with Eskişehirspor.
International career.
Eshun played for the Ghana national football team in Olympic qualifying matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20210086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210086" title="Video design">
Video design

Video design or projection design is a creative field of stagecraft. It is concerned with the creation and integration of film and motion graphics into the fields of theatre, opera, dance, fashion shows, concerts and other live events. Video design has only recently gained recognition as a separate creative field. Prior to this, the responsibilities of video design would often be taken on by a scenic designer or lighting designer. A person who practices the art of video design is often known as a Video Designer. However, naming conventions vary around the world, and so practitioners may also be credited as Projection Designer, "Media Designer", Cinematographer or Video Director (amongst others). As a relatively new field of stagecraft, practitioners create their own definitions, rules and techniques.
History.
Filmmaking and video production content has been used in performance for many years, as has large format slide projection delivered by systems such as the PANI projector. The German Erwin Piscator, as stage director at the Berlin Volksbühne in the 1920s, made extensive use of film projected onto his sets. However, the development of digital projection technology in the mid 90s, and the resulting drop in price, made it more attractive and practical to live performance producers, directors and scenic designers. The role of the video designer has developed as a response to this, and in recognition of the demand in the industry for experienced professionals to handle the video content of a production. 
United Scenic Artists' Local 829, the Union representing Scenic Artists in the USA has included "Projection Designers" as of mid- 2007. This means anybody working in this field will be doing so officially as "Projection Designer" if he or she is working under a union contract, even if the design utilises technology other than video projectors. The term "Projection Designer" stems from the days when slide and film projectors were the primary source of projection.
MA Digital Theatre, University of the Arts London is the first Master's level course in the UK designed to teach video design exclusively as a specific discipline, rather than embedding it into scenic design.
Roles of the video designer.
Depending on the production, and due to the crossover of this field with the fields of lighting design and scenic design, a video designer's roles and responsibilities may vary from show to show. A video designer may take responsibility for any or all of the following.
This is a very wide skills base, and it is not uncommon for a video designer to work with associates or assistants who can take responsibility for certain areas. For example, a video designer may conceptually design the video content, but hire a skilled animator to create it, a programmer to program the control system and a projectionist to choose the optimum projection positions and maintain the equipment.
Concert video design.
Concert video design is a niche of the filmmaking and video production industry that involves the creation of original video content intended explicitly for display during a live concert performance. 
The creation of visuals for live music performances bears close resemblance to music videos, but are typically meant to be displayed as 'backplate' imagery that adds a visual component to the music performed onstage. However, as the use of video content during musical performances has grown in popularity since the turn of the 21st century, it has become more common to have self-standing 'introductory' and 'interstitial' videos that play on screen on stage without the performers. These pieces may include footage of the artist or artists, shot specifically for the video, and presented onstage with pre-recorded music so that the final appearance is essentially a music video. Such stand-alone videos, however, are typically only viewed in this live setting and may include additional theatrical sound effects.
The earliest concert video visuals likely date to the period of the late 1960s when concerts for artists such as Jimi Hendrix and The Doors featured psychedelic imagery on projection screens suspended behind the performers. Live concert performances took on more and more theatrical elements particularly notable in the concert events put on by Pink Floyd throughout their career. 
Laurie Anderson was among the earliest to experiment with video content as part of a live performance, and her ideas and images continue to be a direct inspiration to performers as diverse as David Bowie, Madonna and Kanye West. Meanwhile, in 1982, Devo integrated rear-projected visuals into their concert set, choreographing themselves to match and interact with the action on screen for several songs. But the rock show that made video content 'standard practice' was U2's Zoo TV Tour conceived and designed by Willie Williams - who has, interestingly enough, recently collaborated with Laurie Anderson.
Technology used in video design.
Video designers make use of many technologies from the fields of stagecraft, broadcast equipment and home cinema equipment to build a workable video system, including technologies developed specifically for live video and technologies appropriated from other fields. A video system may include any of the following. 

</doc>
<doc id="20210091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210091" title="School of Educational Innovation and Teacher Preparation">
School of Educational Innovation and Teacher Preparation

School of Educational Innovation and Teacher Preparation, founded in 1998, is located on Arizona State University's Polytechnic Campus in Mesa, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="20210092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210092" title="Huckleberry Fire Lookout">
Huckleberry Fire Lookout

The Huckleberry Fire Lookout in Glacier National Park is significant as one of a chain of manned fire lookout posts within the park. The low two-story timber-construction structure with a pyramidal roof was built in 1933, replacing a similar structure built in 1923. It is one of several similar structures built to a modified version of a plan developed by the U.S. Forest Service.

</doc>
<doc id="20210100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210100" title="Giphantie">
Giphantie

Giphantie is a novel by Tiphaigne de la Roche published in 1760. It is most famous for predicting the modern day process of photography . 
An excerpt from the novel describes:
“You know, that rays of light reflected from different bodies form pictures, paint the image reflected on all polished surfaces, for example, on the retina of the eye, on water, and on glass...coat a piece of canvas with this matter, and place it in front of the object to be taken. The first effect of this cloth is similar to that of a mirror, but by means of its viscous nature the prepared canvas...retains a facsimile of the image...The canvas is then removed and deposited in a dark place. An hour later the impression is dry, and you have a picture”
References.
The complete work, in French - http://books.google.dk/books/about/Giphantie.html?id=0idPAAAAcAAJ&redir_esc=y

</doc>
<doc id="20210103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210103" title="Danylo Nechay">
Danylo Nechay

Danylo Nechay (, ) (1612— †February 20, 1651) was a Cossack military commander and activist, a leader during the Cossack-Polish War, Colonel of Bratslav in Podolia from 1648–51 and the brother of Ivan Nechay. 
Nechay was thought to have been born in the Podolian town Bar to a noble family. He was honoured for his role in the battles for Medzhybizh and Zbarazh and in the Battle of Zborov (Zboriv) in 1649. In 1651 he commanded the south-western front. He was opposed to the signing of the Treaty of Zboriv in 1649; he believed it compromised the position of the Cossacks. With Tymish Khmelnytsky he took part in the campaign against Moldavia, and captured the city of Iaşi in September 1650. He died in battle with numerically superior Polish forces, led by Polish hetman Marcin Kalinowski, who stole the Nechay coat of arms/ made a copy and changed it. This matter was in the town of Krasne, in the Podil region. Nechay is Ukrainian folk hero, he is often sung about in folk songs like ideal Cossack's knight.
A granite obelisk was erected on his grave in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="20210104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210104" title="Cindy Rodriguez">
Cindy Rodriguez

Cindy Rodríguez is an American journalist and writer based in Boston.
Journalism career.
Rodríguez is currently a Journalist-in-Residence at Emerson College. For most of her career, she worked at daily newspapers. She covered race relations and cultural affairs for the "Detroit News", was a columnist and blogger at "The Denver Post", covered immigration and demographics for "The Boston Globe" and wrote opinion pieces for the "Globe"'s now-defunct "Focus" section. She also worked at the "Akron Beacon Journal", where she primarily covered education issues and was a columnist and youth editor at "The Syracuse Newspapers".
Conflict with Bill O'Reilly.
Her columns at the "Denver Post" drew ire from Bill O'Reilly, who, on his TV show described her of being a proponent of "open borders" along with other statements and characterizations.
During the October 25, 2005 edition of the Fox News Channel program "The O'Reilly Factor", O'Reilly accused Denver Post columnist Cindy Rodriguez of misquoting him although statements made on O'Reilly's radio program, "The Radio Factor", support Rodriguez's claims in her column.
O'Reilly would later list Rodriguez as one of many columnists he believes are influenced by George Soros and Peter Lewis in his book "The Culture Warrior".
Teaching journalism.
Rodríguez has taught multimedia journalism at Fordham University, New York University and at Hunter College (CUNY). She has also taught at Metropolitan State College of Denver, Boston University, and Northeastern University. For three years, she ran the Newhouse Minority Journalism program, a year-long educational program on journalism and the media, administered by reporters and editors at The Syracuse Newspapers.
Writing.
She has been published in more than three dozen newspapers and magazines, including "The New York Times", "The Village Voice", Time Video and "Latina Magazine". Her columns for the "Denver Post" ran on the "New York Times" and MediaNews wires. 
Rodríguez was one of a handful of Latina columnists working in the U.S. newsmedia.
Board activities.
National Association of Hispanic Journalists.
Rodríguez served as Vice President-Print of the National Association of Hispanic Journalists from 2006 to 2008 and was General At-Large Officer from 2004 to 2006. During her time on the board, she helped create the GLBT Caucus. She is a member of the James Aronson Award for Social Justice Journalism committee.
UNITY: Journalists of Color.
From 2007 to 2008, she served as a board member of Unity: Journalists of Color, Inc. She is a member of both the National Association of Black Journalists and Society of Professional Journalists.
Volunteer work.
Rodríguez mentored aspiring journalists working on "The ASNE Reporter", the convention newspaper of The American Society of Newspaper Editors in 2000. She was editor for several years of "The Latino Reporter", a convention newspaper of NAHJ that brings together 25 college students from across the country for a one-week journalism bootcamp.
Radio and TV appearances.
Rodríguez has appeared on various TV and radio shows. In Boston, she was a regular panelist on "Revista Hispana" (Spanish for Hispanic Magazine), a current events TV talk show. She has also appeared on the news program "Inside Boston", the cable TV program "Visión", and appeared regularly as a reporter on "New England Cable News".
Rodríguez speaks at high schools and universities across the country.

</doc>
<doc id="20210106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210106" title="Ohene Karikari">
Ohene Karikari

Ohene Karikari (born December 1, 1954) is a former sprinter from Ghana, who represented his native West African country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany. He is best known for winning two gold medals (100 and 200 metres) at the 1973 All-Africa Games in Lagos, Nigeria.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20210108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210108" title="Hunter Boot Ltd">
Hunter Boot Ltd

Hunter Boot Ltd. is a rubber wellington boot and footwear importer based in Edinburgh, Scotland. Originally known as the North British Rubber Company, the company manufactured vulcanised rubber products for over 150 years. Besides rubber boots, the company also sells other products such as bags, socks and other accessories, and historically has been involved in the manufacture of tyres, conveyor belts, combs, golf balls, hot water bottles and rubber flooring.
The ubiquitous Green Welly is its best known product. The Hunter green welly, now manufactured in China, is favoured by the hunting set, and has become a fashion item.
History.
Beginnings.
In the first week of January 1856 Mr Henry Lee Norris, an American entrepreneur from Jersey City, New Jersey, and his friend and partner Spencer Thomas Parmelee of New Haven, Connecticut, landed on Scottish soil for the purpose of working a patent of Charles Goodyear for the manufacture of India-rubber overshoes and boots. The two gentlemen landed in Glasgow and began by searching for a suitable factory, which they eventually found in the form of the Castle Mill in Edinburgh. A fine pair of condensing steam engines and boilers were included in the lease, which they were able to take up almost immediately due to the mill's partial occupation at the time. The pair were ready to begin operations in the midsummer of 1856. Originally the company was styled as Norris & Co., which existed until the first limited liability act was introduced to Great Britain - the North British Rubber Company (which much later became known as Hunter Boot Ltd) was registered as a limited liability company in September 1857.
Norris was eventually succeeded at the company by William Erskine Bartlett, a man who could well lay claim to the invention of what is considered to be the accepted type of car tyre today. Circa 1907, the fledgling British Dunlop tyre company purchased the 'Bartlett' patent from the North British Rubber Company for $973,000 USD, in order to acquire the rights to manufacture and distribute tyres under the same name. It is estimated that, today, the patent would be worth in excess of $200,000,000 USD.
The company not only made rubber boots - production included tyres, conveyors, combs, golf balls, hot water bottles and rubber flooring. In the beginning there were only four people working for the company, by 1875 the team had grown to 600 members of staff. The company has offices in Edinburgh, London and New York.
World War I and II.
Production of wellington boots were dramatically boosted with the advent of World War I when the company was asked by the War Office to construct a sturdy boot suitable for the conditions in flooded trenches. The mills ran day and night to produce immense quantities of these trench boots. In total, 1,185,036 pairs were made to cope with the Army's demands. The Wellington boot was an object of envy by the German soldiers during WWI and its dependability was seen to contribute to the British army’s success.
For World War II the company was again called upon to supply vast quantities of wellington and thigh boots. 80% of production was for war materials - from ground sheets to life belts and gas masks. In the Netherlands, forces were working in flooded conditions which demanded Wellingtons and tight boots in vast supplies.
By the end of the war the wellington had become popular among men, women and children for wear in wet weather. The boot had developed to become far roomier with a thick sole and rounded toe. Also, with the rationing of that time, labourers began to use them for daily work.
Post-war.
After WWII, boot making had to move to a larger factory in Heathhall, Dumfries, to deal with the rise in demand. The factory was originally built for Arrol-Johnston (later Arrol-Aster), a Scottish automobile manufacturer, in 1913, before the company was liquidated in 1931. This is said to be the first factory in Britain to use ferro-concrete (concrete reinforced with metal bars), and was designed by Albert Kahn, architect of the Ford factory at Highland Park, Michigan, where the Model T was produced.
The company's most famous welly, the original Green wellington, was made over 50 years ago in the winter of 1955. It was the first orthopaedic boot made by Hunter, and was launched alongside the Royal Hunter - another boot that remains in Hunter's range today. Reaction from trade was slow, and an order of 36 pairs considered an achievement. However, the company persisted, taking them to county shows and trade fairs. Thought of as more up-market than the traditional black wellington of the time, the 'Original' tended, initially, to be worn by middle to upper class rural people, who are still sometimes referred to as the 'Green Welly Brigade'.
1966-2005: Ownership changes.
In 1966, North British Rubber was bought by Uniroyal Limited of Greenville, South Carolina. Formerly known as the U.S. Rubber Company, Uniroyal is most famous for making car tyres and still operates today. In 1976, having continued to supply wellies to the Royal Households, Hunter was awarded a Royal Warrant from HRH The Duke of Edinburgh. This was shortly followed by a Royal Warrant from HM The Queen in 1986. By this time, a pair of Hunter boots had become an essential item for those guided in upmarket country fashion. By the end of the 1980s, they were synonymous with the much caricatured figures of The Sloane Ranger Handbook.
1986 also saw another change of ownership for the company, as Uniroyal was purchased by the Gates Rubber Company of Denver, Colorado. From the beginning of 1987, the company was known under the name of its new owner. The company entered the drysuit market shortly after the takeover by Gates, at its peak becoming the number two producer in the market with a 35% market share. The company's fortunes continued to improve over the next ten years until, in 1996, Gates Corporation, formerly known as The Gates Rubber Company, became a wholly owned subsidiary of Tomkins plc, ending 85 years of ownership by the Gates family. Tomkins paid a reported £366m for the stake. At the time of the transaction, Gates was the largest non-tyre rubber company in the world.
Recognising the need to strengthen and build upon its positions in its core engineering markets, Tomkins began a process of streamlining its activities by disposing of a number of businesses during the period 1998-2001. In 1999, Tomkins plc sold the Consumer and Industrial Division of The Gates Rubber Company to Interfloor, the country's largest carpet underlay manufacturer. The company became the Hunter Division of Interfloor.
2004 was a busy year for the company. In early 2004, a management-led investor group acquired the Hunter Boots business of Interfloor Group Ltd for £1.98m in a leveraged buyout transaction. For the first time in its 148-year existence, Hunter became an independent, standalone company under the name of the Hunter Rubber Company.
At the end of 2004, Hunter announced that they would be releasing a range of seven different coloured wellingtons to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Green Wellington Boot. Each different coloured boot, along with the kids' range, represented one of eight charities and were used to raise funds for them. The company launched a dedicated website, www.giving-welly.co.uk, to this purpose, and by the end of the campaign had raised over £250,000 for charity.
Hunter launched several extensions to the Wellington range in mid-2005. Along with developing boots under licence for the Royal Horticultural Society, the Lady Northampton riding boot, combining a molded waterproof rubber and canvas upper, was also added to extend from the company's traditional all-rubber wellington boot range.
2006: Administration and buy-out.
In 2006, the Hunter Rubber Company was placed into administration due to cash flow problems. In spite of a reported turnover of over £5m, accountants from KPMG said the firm suffered from high manufacturing costs, including fuel costs, and made a loss from the expansion of its business to the United States. According to documents filed with Companies House, Hunter reported a loss of £600,000 from September 2003 to the end of February 2005, when it had a net debt of £2.03m.
A private consortium led by Lord Marland of Odstock and comprising Peter Mullen, ex CEO of Thomas Pink, and Julian Taylor, all of whom were previous shareholders in Hunter Rubber Company, supported by the Pentland Group plc, bought Hunter out of administration and Hunter Boot Ltd was born. After rapid re-structuring of the company, new supply routes and distribution partners were found in the UK and USA and the Hunter portfolio was rationalised to core products exhibiting the key skills and tradition of the company.
Hunter re-established itself as a major player in the traditional country and leisure footwear market in the UK in the aftermath of the buy-out, and positioned itself as a strong contender in the USA - opening showrooms on 7th Avenue in New York and Carnaby Street in London. A new management team was put in place, retaining many of the existing staff from Hunter Rubber.
In November 2006, Hunter Diving Ltd - the arm of Hunter Rubber that was responsible for manufacturing drysuits - was sold to Swedish rival company Trelleborg Group for an undisclosed sum.
2007-Present. The move to international manufacturing.
Spring 2007 saw the relationship between Hunter and the Royal Horticultural Society further strengthened by the launch of a new range of RHS wellies at the Chelsea Flower Show in London in May. Hunter also set up the 'Century' Division to handle its global range of safety boots, and to develop new products in this sector. A little over a year later, Century Safety was acquired by the Tigar Corporation for an undisclosed sum.
Hunter Boot Ltd enjoyed a record season in summer 2007 announcing, in August, an 85% sales increase against the same period in 2006 Despite this, Hunter remained faced with major financial challenges regarding production. High manufacturing and fuel costs that contributed to the company's move into administration in 2006 remained prominent and, like many UK manufacturing businesses, Hunter was forced to consider whether it was commercially viable to keep making boots in the UK. The company also had to negotiate a volatile relationship with its landlord and an expensive and inefficient 96-year-old factory. Eventually, alternative supply sources were sought and developed in Europe and the Far East and plans were made to exit the Dumfries plant and relocate the company HQ to Edinburgh. This move was finally made in September 2008. The Chinese made gumboots are visually similar to the original Scottish made gumboots apart from the addition of an internal seam. Some manufacturing efficiencies have also been made including the removal of the latex dipping process, making the boots virtually identical to those from many other manufacturers.
Hunter has formed many relationships and collaborations with other brands in 2008, further extending its reach into the USA, festival and fashion markets, while also contributing strongly to charity organisations. The company have produced bespoke versions of the classic Hunter Original boot for Jack Wills, WaterAid, Cowshed and Fortnum & Mason, as well as a trench coat designed by Suzy Radcliffe, owner of denim brand Radcliffe.
In September 2008, following the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, China, Hunter Boot Ltd sent specially made gold wellington boots to every member of the Great Britain Olympic team who won a gold medal at the games.
In January 2009, Hunter announced that would be collaborating with London-based luxury fashion designer Jimmy Choo for a limited edition black wellington boot, embossed with signature Jimmy Choo crocodile print and containing gold rivets and a leopard-print lining. Another boot was then launched in 2011.
Hunter has since seen strong growth with international distribution in over 30 countries.
Problems have arisen with the quality of the boots since production moved to China. Many owners have complained about the very short life-span of the new Chinese boot.
The Hunter boot tooling from the Scottish factory, and the manufacturing technique, is now used in Eastern Europe (Serbia) by Tigar Footware and the products are marketed as Century Boots.

</doc>
<doc id="20210117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210117" title="Seskar">
Seskar

Seskar () () is an island in the Gulf of Finland, part of the Leningrad Oblast of Russia. The island was an independent municipality of Finland populated by Finns at least since 16th century, until 1940, when ownership was transferred to the Soviet Union following the Moscow Peace Treaty. The ownership was ratified after World War II.
The municipality Seiskari had been formed from the Koivisto municipality in 1903, and belonged to the province of Viipuri and to the South Karelia region.

</doc>
<doc id="20210133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210133" title="The Journal of Pediatrics">
The Journal of Pediatrics

The Journal of Pediatrics is a monthly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers all aspects of pediatrics. It was established in 1932 and is published by Elsevier. Although it was originally affiliated with the American Academy of Pediatrics, it is currently associated with the Association of Medical School Pediatric Department Chairs.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus, PubMed, and MEDLINE. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", "The Journal of Pediatrics" has a 2012 impact factor of 4.035, ranking it 4th out of 121 journals in the category "Pediatrics".
History.
"The Journal of Pediatrics" was established in 1932 by the American Academy of Pediatrics and was published through a partnership with C. V. Mosby. This partnership ended in 1947 when the academy launched "Pediatrics", citing their desire to have sole responsibility for all aspects of publishing their own society journal. "The Journal of Pediatrics" remained unaffiliated with any other medical society until 2001, when the Association of Medical School Pediatric Department Chairs began publishing a monthly feature in it. Since July 1947, the journal has been governed by its own editorial board, which has sole responsibility for creating and maintaining editorial policy. Due to the expanding international scope, an international advisory panel was added to the editorial board in 1999.
Editors in chief.
The following persons have been or currently serve as editor-in-chief: 
Article types.
"The Journal of Pediatrics" publishes the following types of articles and editorial content:

</doc>
<doc id="20210158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210158" title="Nedbank Affinity Cup">
Nedbank Affinity Cup

The Nedbank Affinity Cup is a golf tournament on the Sunshine Tour. It was founded in 2007 as a precursor to the Nedbank Golf Challenge, and is played at the Gary Player designed Lost City Golf Club, in Sun City, North West province, South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="20210166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210166" title="Albert M. Bender">
Albert M. Bender

Albert M. Bender (1866–1941) was a leading patron of the arts in San Francisco in the 1920s and 1930s, who played a key role in the early career of Ansel Adams and was one of Diego Rivera's first American patrons. By providing financial assistance to artists, writers and institutions he had a significant impact on the cultural development of the San Francisco Bay Area and beyond. 
Early life.
Albert Maurice Bender was born in Dublin, Ireland, in 1866, the son of Rabbi Philip Bender and Augusta Bremer Bender, both of whom were German. In 1881 he immigrated to the United States in the company of one of his maternal uncles, Joseph Bremer. Joseph Bremer and his brother William had already settled in San Francisco, and William hired the young Bender to work in his insurance office. Bender eventually became a very successful insurance broker in his own right.
Patron of the Arts.
A lover of literature from an early age, Bender began collecting rare books and helped create the Book Club of California in 1912. Inspired by his cousin Anne Bremer, a professional artist, Bender began collecting art, with an emphasis on work by local artists and the arts of China, Japan and Tibet. He became very interested in getting to know and help the artists and writers of the San Francisco Bay Area.
Bender enjoyed giving things away even more than he liked acquiring them, and he became a prolific donor to Bay Area museums and libraries. He was once called "the most active buyer—and donor—of the work of California artists the state had ever known." He donated significant collections to what are now the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco, the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, the Mills College Art Museum and the University of California Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive.
In 1932 he donated 260 pieces of Asian art to the National Museum of Ireland in memory of his mother. He gave collections of rare books and fine printing to Mills College, Stanford University, the University of California and the San Francisco Public Library.
His generosity in Europe earned him the titles of Fellow of the Royal Society of Antiquaries of Ireland, Fellow of the Royal Geographic Society, Chevalier of the Legion of Honor of France and Cavaliere of the Crown of Italy. He received honorary degrees from Mills College and the University of California, Berkeley. Stanford University has a Bender Room in its library, and at Mills College there is a Bender Room in the former library building.
Bender served as a trustee of Mills College, a commissioner of the San Francisco Public Library, and a board member of the California Society of Etchers (today's California Society of Printmakers), California Historical Society, Book Club of California, Japan Society, the Home for Aged Disabled, and the San Francisco Symphony, Art Association, Museum of Art, Opera Association and Opera Guild.
Bender helped launch the career of many artists and photographers, including Ansel Adams. He financed the publication of Adams's first portfolio ("Parmelian Prints of the High Sierras", 1927) and his first book ("Taos Pueblo", with author Mary Hunter Austin, 1930).
Judaism.
Bender was described as "the best-known Jew in San Francisco" in the 1930s. He "was a founding board member of the Federation of Jewish Charities and a long-time congregant of Emanu-El, whose cavernous sanctuary could not hold all who came to his funeral."
Albert Bender Exhibition, Dublin.
A permanent exhibition at the National Museum of Ireland opened in 2008, entitled "A Dubliner's Collection of Asian Art - The Albert Bender Exhibition." This exhibition displays the material donated by Bender to the National Museum of Ireland during the 1930s. This exhibition is on display at the National Museum's Decorative Arts & History site at Collins Barracks, Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="20210168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210168" title="Gaoussou Koné">
Gaoussou Koné

Gaoussou Koné (born April 28, 1944) is a former sprinter from Côte d'Ivoire, who represented his native West African country at three consecutive Summer Olympics: 1964, 1968 and 1972. He is best known for winning two gold medals (100 and 200 metres) at the 1965 All-Africa Games.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20210176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210176" title="Heaven's Peak Fire Lookout">
Heaven's Peak Fire Lookout

The Heaven's Peak Fire Lookout in Glacier National Park is significant as one of a chain of manned fire lookout posts within the park. The one-story timber-construction structure with a flat roof was built in 1945. The flat, overhanging roof is anchored to the stone foundation with cables.
The lookout was to be built in 1940 by local contractor Ole Norden as part of a Public Works Administration project. However, Norden was unable to perform the work, and the lookout was completed in 1945 under a different contract.

</doc>
<doc id="20210179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210179" title="Kuyavian-Pomeranian Regional Assembly">
Kuyavian-Pomeranian Regional Assembly

The Kuyavian-Pomeranian Regional Assembly () is the regional legislature of the voivodeship of Kuyavian-Pomeranian, Poland. It is a unicameral body consists of thirty-three councillors elected in free elections for a 4-year term. The current chairperson of the assembly is Dorota Jakuta. 
The Regional Assembly meets in the Marshal's Office in Toruń.
Leadership of the Assembly.
The Chairperson of the Assembly (, speaker or president) presides over the Assembly in the chief leadership position, controlling the flow of legislation. The Chairperson and two Vice-Chairpersons are elected by the coalition parties, followed by confirmation of the full Assembly on passage of a floor vote. Other Assembly leaders, such as the Group Chairperson ("Przewodniczący Koła Radnych", Chairperson of Councillors' Club) are elected by internal rules.
Districts.
Members of the Assembly are elected from six districts, serve four-year terms. Districts does not have the constituencies formal names. Instead, each constituency has a number and territorial description.

</doc>
<doc id="20210187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210187" title="List of Gaylactic Spectrum Award winners and nominees for best novel">
List of Gaylactic Spectrum Award winners and nominees for best novel

The Gaylactic Spectrum Awards are given to works of science fiction, fantasy and horror that explore LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender) topics in a positive way. They were founded in 1998, first presented by the Gaylactic Network in 1999, and in 2002 they were given their own organization, the "Gaylactic Spectrum Awards Foundation".
Since their inception, awards have been given in categories for novels, short fiction and best other work. Other categories have also been added and removed in intervening years, and works produced before the inception of the awards are eligible to be inducted into the "Hall of Fame". The novels category is open to submissions of novels released during the prior calendar year in North America that includes "significant positive GLBT content". The results are decided by a panel of judges from the list of submitted nominees; the long list of nominees is reduced to a short list of finalists, and the results are generally announced and presented at Gaylaxicon, an annual convention devoted to LGBT-themed science fiction. This article lists all the "Best Novel" award nominees and winners and novels inducted into the Hall of Fame.
Each award consists of an etched image on lucite on a stand, using a spiral galaxy in a triangle logo, based on the logo the Gaylactic Network. The award winner's name, work title, award year and award category are etched on a small plaque on the base or on the plexiglass itself. A small cash stipend is awarded to winners in the Best Novel category. The cost of the awards is met through individual donations and fundraising events.
The only author to have won the best novel award more than once is Laurie J. Marks (with two wins); Elizabeth Bear holds the record for most nominations. Seven of her novels have been nominatend (one of them winning). Tanya Huff has been a finalists five times without winning.
Novel winners and nominees.
In the following table, the years correspond to the year of the award ceremonies; the books were released is the preceding years. Entries with a lavender background have won the relevant award; those with a white background are the nominees on the short-list. Superscript letters after the result indicate simultaneous nominations in other categories.
Hall of Fame novels.
In the following table, the years correspond to the year of the award ceremonies; the books were all first published before the founding of the awards in 1998. No novels have been inducted into the Hall of Fame since 2003. Entries in bold and with a lavender background were inducted into the Hall of Fame that year; those that are neither highlighted nor in bold were not inducted that year (NI), but may be inducted later (IL). Superscript letters after the result indicate simultaneous nominations in other categories.

</doc>
<doc id="20210192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210192" title="Krassimir Taskov">
Krassimir Taskov

Krassimir Taskov (born in Sofia, 1955) is a Bulgarian pianist and composer. 
He was a prize winner at the 1978 Paloma O'Shea Piano Competition, and ranked 2nd at the 1984 UNESCO International Rostrum of Composers. Taskov is the Chairman of the Composition Department at the Sofia State Academy of Music, where he also holds a piano professorship, and a member of the Union of Bulgarian Composers.

</doc>
<doc id="20210202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210202" title="87th Flying Training Squadron">
87th Flying Training Squadron

The 87th Flying Training Squadron (87 FTS) is part of the 47th Flying Training Wing based at Laughlin Air Force Base, Texas. It operates T-38 Talon aircraft conducting flight training. 
The squadron is one of the oldest in the United States Air Force, its origins dating to 18 August 1917, being organized at Selfridge Field, Mount Clemens, Michigan as a pilot training Squadron during World War I. The squadron saw combat during World War II, and became part of the Air Defense Command (ADC/ADCOM) during the Cold War. 
History.
First activated as the 87th Aero Squadron, the 87th saw brief service in the 1910s and again in the 1930s.
World War II.
It was reactivated in 1942 when it was transferred to North Africa to fight against Germany's Afrika Korps. Following the German defeat and withdrawal from North Africa the 87th participated in the Allied Invasion of Sicily and Invasion of Italy and subsequent drive up the Italian Peninsula. During the Allied offensive in Italy the squadron was briefly dispatched to support the invasion of Southern France in 1944. Following the war the 87th was stationed in Austria for a short time before its return to the United States and inactivation.
Air Defense Command.
The 87th was again activated at Sioux City Municipal Airport, Iowa in 1952 to provide air defense of the central United States. Equipped with the F-51D Mustang, it was later equipped with the F-86D Sabre Interceptor in 1953 prior to being reassigned to USAFE, stationed at RAF Bentwaters, England in 1954 assisting in the air defense of the United Kingdom.
Returned to CONUS in 1956 at Lockbourne AFB, Ohio with an air defense mission over the Ohio Valley. Was upgraded to the North American F-86L Sabre in 1957, an improved version of the F-86D which incorporated the Semi Automatic Ground Environment, or SAGE computer-controlled direction system for intercepts; upgraded again in 1960 to the supersonic F-102 Delta Dagger interceptor.
The 87th was re-equipped with new McDonnell F-101B Voodoo supersonic interceptor, and the F-101F operational and conversion trainer in 1960. The two-seat trainer version was equipped with dual controls, but carried the same armament as the F-101B and were fully combat-capable. The F-101Bs were transferred to the Air National Guard in 1968 and the squadron moved to Duluth International Airport, Minnesota. At Duluth, was upgraded to the F-106 Delta Darts. During this period the squadron became known for its ability to perform cold weather operations. 
The squadron was again moved to K. I. Sawyer Air Force Base, Michigan in 1971. Inactivated in 1985 after budget cuts forced the cancellation of its scheduled conversion to the F-15 Eagle.
Modern era.
The squadron was reactivated in 1990 and its mission changed to providing flight training. Today the squadron operates T-38 Talon aircraft providing training to pilot students on track to operate fighters or bombers.

</doc>
<doc id="20210203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210203" title="WorthPoint">
WorthPoint

The WorthPoint Corporation, founded by Will Seippel in April 2007, has organized global information on the world’s collectibles into a central database, which it calls the Worthopedia.
Users can go to the Worthopedia to get information about their collectibles, or for a fee ask an expert Worthologist to tell them approximately how much the item is worth. The site is also a way for collectors to meet up with other collectors, no matter how obscure their collection.
Worthpoint offers a "7 day free trial" which requires authorizing a credit card to be billed if the trial is not cancelled.
History.
WorthPoint was established in April 2007 by Will Seippel. It reached one million page views in January 2008.
WorthPoint currently (as of December, 2010) reaches 12 million page views each month. It is ranked 768 out of the top 1 million web sites by Quantcast.com.
In March 2008 Worthpoint moved its headquarters from Northern Virginia to the Advanced Technology Development Center on Georgia Tech's campus in Atlanta.
In October 2008, WorthPoint, Inc. acquired GoAntiques, a Dublin, Ohio based company that maintained an online network for buying and selling collectibles and antiques. GoAntiques has continued as a WorthPoint marketplace for buyers and sellers of art, antiques and collectibles.
In January 2009, WorthPoint signed a partnership agreement with eBay research and educational firm Terapeak, whose parent company is AERS. Under the terms of the agreement, AERS will provide WorthPoint with eBay’s entire daily sales of antique and collectible data for inclusion in WorthPoint’s database. In addition, Terapeak will re-sell WorthPoint’s knowledge-based products, which will be incorporated into the database.
In April 2009, WorthPoint began offering a 14-day free trial membership to attract more members. The free trial membership allows people who register to look up items in the Worthopedia for free during the trial period.
Also in April 2009, WorthPoint's Founder & CEO, received the George Mason University School of Management Distinguished Alumnus Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20210207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210207" title="Thinopyrum intermedium">
Thinopyrum intermedium

Thinopyrum intermedium, known commonly as intermediate wheatgrass, is a sod-forming perennial grass in the Triticeae tribe of Pooideae. It is part of a group of plants commonly called wheatgrasses because of the similarity of their seed heads or 'ears' to common wheat. However the wheatgrasses in general are perennial, while wheat is an annual. The grass is native to Europe and Western Asia.
Trials with intermediate wheatgrass, the product of which is trademarked by the Land Institute as "Kernza," show that it can be grown as a “multi-functional” crop, yielding various commodities as well as ecosystem services. Whereas annuals such as corn tend to deplete soil organic matter and require inputs, a perennial grain such as intermediate wheatgrass, can yield crops while building soil organic matter.
Synonyms.
Scientific names.
Many scientific binomial names have been given to the species "Thinopyrum intermedium." Multiple species or subspecies have been described based on different morphologies, like the presence or absence of pubescence. Here is a partial list of the binomial synonyms for "Thinopyrum intermedium":
Common names.
Intermediate wheatgrass is the most widely used common name for "Thinopyrum intermedium" in the United States. The name "intermediate" probably refers to the height of the plant, which is generally somewhat shorter than "Thinopyrum ponticum", known by the common name of "tall wheatgrass."
Wild triga is the common name that was given to "Thinopyrum intermedium" by researchers at The Rodale Institute. The name was intended to distinguish varieties of the species developed for use as a perennial grain crop from forage cultivars which are identified by the common name "intermediate wheatgrass." 
Kernza is a trademarked name held by the Land Institute for the processed grains of intermediate wheatgrass. 
Origin and Distribution.
The native range of intermediate wheatgrass extends from central and southeastern Europe to Asia Minor. Although it was first brought to the United States in 1907, the first successful introduction to that country was from the Caucasus region in 1932. The plant can now be found growing wild throughout the Western United States and Western Canada. 
Uses.
"Thinopyrum intermedium" is among the most productive forage species for the western United States. Because it heads relatively late, it can be grown effectively in mixture with alfalfa to increase its productivity, longevity, and forage quality. It regrows slowly after grazing or cutting, making it best suited to management with a single harvest per year. If multiple harvests are needed per year, other species will be more produtive. If managed well, stands can persist for up to 50 years.
Habitat for wildlife - intermediate wheatgrass can be an excellent food source for grazing and browsing animals. Left unharvested, the vegetation is good nesting habitat for some birds and waterfowl. Generally, it is not an invasive plant, and coexists well with native plant species.
Erosion control and land rehabilitation are uses also. It establishes quickly to form a protective mat of roots and rhizomes, even when planted on soils degraded by earth moving or mining. Within five years, stands have produced up to 7000 pounds of dry root mass per acre in the top 8 inches of soil. 
Heavy root production holds the soil in place and restores its natural fertility by increasing the soil carbon.
"Thinopyrum intermedium" is a perennial grain crop. In 1983, the Rodale Research Center evaluated close to 100 species of perennial grasses to identify those with good potential for development into perennial grain crops. Intermediate wheatgrass was selected as the most promising species based on: flavor, ease of thresing, large seed size, resistance to shattering, lodging resistance, ease of harvest, and perennial growth. Intermediate wheatgrass is nutritionally similar to wheat, and the grain can be ground into flour and used for food products, including muffins, tortillas, pancakes, cookies, crackers, and breads.
Seed Production.
Although the primary use of "Thinopyrum intermedium" is as a forage, seed production is essential because farmers and ranchers continue to establish new stands by planting seed. In 1988 over 500 metric tons of seed were harvested in Saskatchewan alone, although more recently the harvest has fallen to less than 225 metric tons in that Canadian province. Average seed yields are about 330 pounds per acre, but on-farm yields of up to 880 pounds per acre have been achieved. Seed is generally produced in rows spaced 30 to 36 inches apart. The wide row spacing (relative to grain crops like wheat) allows for sustained seed yields for five to ten years. Without spacing and occasional tillage between the rows, yields decline rapidly as the plant population becomes increasingly dense through rhizome spread.
Breeding for Grain Production.
Intermediate wheatgrass, "Thinopyrum intermedium", has been widely hybridized with wheat in efforts to transfer traits like disease resistance or perenniality to wheat. But attempts to directly domesticate the species as a grain crop did not begin until workers at the Rodale Research Center began to evaluate collections in 1983. After evaluating 300 collections, the best 20 based on grain yield and seed quality were selected in 1989. The selected collections were allowed to intermate, and 380 progeny were evaluated between 1991 and 1994. The best 11 plants, plus three from another evaluation, were interemated, and a second cycle was begun. Seeds from the best plants in the second cycle were passed to scientists at The Land Institute, where the research has continued.
In 2001 and 2002, seed from the first and second breeding cycles of the Rodale Research Center was planted at The Land Institute. In the fall of 2003, 1000 individuals were dug up and vegetatively propagated to obtain three clones of each plant. The 3000 resulting plants were randomly transplanted to the field on a three foot by three foot grid. In this manner, genetic differences between plants were separated from the environmental influences. In 2005, heads were harvested from every plant and threshed to remove the seeds. The seeds were both counted and weighed to determine the yield per seed head and weight per seed. The fifty highest plants with the highest yield and largest seed were selected to intermate in 2004.
In the fall of 2004, 4000 progeny were planted to establish the second cycle of breeding at The Land Institute. In 2008, these plants were harvested separately by using a power sythe and threshed in a combine. Again the best 50 plants were selected, this time based on yield per head, seed size, shortness, and free threshing ability.
The selection methods described above have increased seed size and yield by about 10 to 18% per cycle. But perhaps of greater importance has been the discovery of two Mendelian traits. The first is dwarfing, which results in stems about 30 cm shorter than wild type plants and short, erect leaves (see photo). The second is a more subtle change in head shape which results in thick, non-brittle heads and slightly larger seeds (see photo). Both of these traits appear to be controlled by dominant genes.

</doc>
<doc id="20210226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210226" title="Ichthyosis bullosa of Siemens">
Ichthyosis bullosa of Siemens

Ichthyosis bullosa of Siemens is a rare skin disorder which is a type of familial, autosomal dominant ichthyosis. It is also known as bullous congenital ichthyosiform erythroderma of Siemens or ichthyosis exfoliativa. It is a genetic disorder with no known cure which is estimated to affect about 1 in 500,000 people.
History.
Ichthyosis bullosa of Siemens (IBS) was first described by the German dermatologist Hermann Werner Siemens in 1937 from his study of an affected family.
In 1994 the gene causing IBS was discovered and it was also proved in the same year that ichthyosis exfoliativa is the same disease as IBS.
Symptoms.
IBS has symptoms very similar to epidermolytic hyperkeratosis (EHK) but is generally milder than EHK. IBS affects only the upper layers of the epidermis whilst EHK affects the suprabasal layer which is deeper in the
skin.
At birth the baby's skin has a red appearance like a sun burn (erythema). Blistering is usually present at birth and may be extensive or localized depending on the severity of the disease.
Over the first few weeks the redness disappears and is replaced by dry, flaking skin on the arms, legs and around the belly button. Other areas of skin appear normal. The skin is fragile and is prone to blistering (caused by mild trauma or sweating). After a few months hyperkeratosis develops with a dark grey or brown, ridged appearance on the ankles, knees and elbows. Palms and soles are generally unaffected. A slightly unpleasant, sweet odour may be present.
A distinctive characteristic of IBS which is not present in other forms of ichthyosis is called the "Mauserung phenomenon" (Mauserung is German for "moulting" and was first described by H.W.Siemens). These are small patches of bare, apparently normal skin in the middle of areas of hyperkeratosis.
As the sufferer ages the flaking and blistering should improve. The hyperkeratosis may grow more severe but more localized and is generally only present on flexural folds of the major joints.
Diagnosis.
Mild forms of IBS should be diagnosable from appearance and patient history alone. Severe cases of IBS are hard to distinguish from mild EHK. 
A skin biopsy shows a characteristic damaged layer in the upper spinous level of the skin. Again it may be difficult to distinguish from EHK.
The gene causing IBS is known and so a definite diagnosis can be given by genetic testing.
Genetics.
IBS is an autosomal dominant genetic condition caused by a mutation in the gene for keratin 2e on chromosome 12.
This means an affected person has a 50% chance of passing the condition on to their child. Around half of cases of IBS, however, have no parent with the condition and have the genetic fault due to a spontaneous mutation.
Treatments.
There is no cure for IBS but in the future gene therapy may offer a cure.
Treatments for IBS generally attempt to improve the appearance of the skin and the comfort of the sufferer. This is done by exfoliating and increasing the moisture of the skin. Common treatments include:

</doc>
<doc id="20210242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210242" title="ASU School of Applied Arts and Sciences">
ASU School of Applied Arts and Sciences

School of Applied Arts and Sciences at Arizona State University focuses theories, creativity, and practical learning to give students the edge in their respective careers. The School of Applied Arts and Sciences was established in 1997 at East Campus, now known as Polytechnic Campus.

</doc>
<doc id="20210251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210251" title="Antigonë">
Antigonë

Antigonë is a municipality in the Gjirokastër District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality is famous for the old city of Antigonia (Chaonia). The municipality consists of the villages Asim Zeneli, Arshi Lengo, Krinë, Tranoshisht and Saraqinisht.

</doc>
<doc id="20210253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210253" title="Hepner Hall">
Hepner Hall

Hepner Hall, designed by the senior architectural designer of the California Division of the State Architect, Howard Spencer Hazen, and completed in 1931, is the iconic academic building in the center of San Diego State University (SDSU)'s campus, just north of Malcolm A. Love Library at the entrance to the Campanile Walkway and main quad.
Hepner Hall is home to SDSU's School of Social Work, along with the Department of Gerontology and the University Center on Aging. Several faculty offices and research centers also are housed in Hepner Hall, along with an assortment of classrooms and lecture halls.
Symbol of the SDSU campus.
Hepner Hall is the symbol of the campus, with its Mission Revival Style architecture, open-faced bell tower and archway. It is the most photographed building on campus. The tower bells are rung only once a year, during the yearly commencement ceremonies.
SDSU logo and seal.
Hepner Hall is the centerpiece of SDSU's revised logo and presidential seal, which were unveiled in 2004.
Architecture.
Entrance to the building is gained through the building's impressive portales, which are framed by turquoise and white tile. Two massive turrets frame the Catalonian-style archway, which is topped by an Mission-style bell tower (campanario). Inside the archway is a ribbed Moorish-style arch vaulted ceiling with a simulated Moorish wrought iron lantern hanging from its center.
History.
One of the original buildings on the SDSU campus, originally Hepner Hall was the Arts and Letters Building. It was renamed in 1976 in honor of Walter R. Hepner, President of the university from 1935 to 1952. The building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="20210265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210265" title="Dianic cult">
Dianic cult

Dianic cult may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20210273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210273" title="Tamaqua Railroad Station">
Tamaqua Railroad Station

The Tamaqua Railroad Station is a historic railroad station located at Tamaqua, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania. It was originally constructed by the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad in 1874, which had earlier acquired the Little Schuylkill Navigation Railroad and Coal Company. It is a one-story, brick building in the Italianate style. An addition was made to the original 1874 building in 1880, giving it a "T-plan." In 1885, a freight house was added.
The station ceased train operations in 1961 and was formally abandoned in 1981.
In 1984, it was proposed to turn the building into a museum.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 26, 1985. It is located in the Tamaqua Historic District.
Following a $1.5 million restoration, the building was reopened in 2004 as a heritage center.

</doc>
<doc id="20210287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210287" title="Lazarat">
Lazarat

Lazarat () is a municipality in the Gjirokastër District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Lazarat and Kordhocë.
Lazarat is a town just outside of Gjirokastër City with 5600 people. Perched on a mountain slope just outside the historic town of Gjirokastra, close to the Greek border Lazarat is known as the cannabis capital of Albania, and now, Europe.
Political Articulation.
Since the Albanian Government has surrounded the municipality, local activists have created a list of demands for autonomy of the municipality. The activists demand the right to legalize production and selling of cannabis inside municipality borders. Albanian Government has so far rejected local demands.

</doc>
<doc id="20210316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210316" title="Molecular design software">
Molecular design software

Molecular design software is software for molecular modeling, that provides special support for developing molecular models "de novo".
In contrast to the usual molecular modeling programs such as the molecular dynamics and quantum chemistry programs, such software directly supports the aspects related to the construction of molecular models:
Comparative table of packages covering the major aspects of molecular design.
3D - Molecular Graphics,
Mouse - drawing molecule by mouse,
Poly - polymer building,
DNA - Nucleic acid building,
Pept - Peptide building,
Cryst - crystal building,
Solv - solvent addition,
Q - partial charges,
Dock - docking,
Min - optimization,
MM - Molecular mechanics,
QM - Quantum mechanics.
FF - Support for Force Field development.
QSAR - 2D, 3D and Group QSAR.

</doc>
<doc id="20210317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210317" title="DIN 47100">
DIN 47100

The German DIN Standard DIN 47100 regulated the color-coding for the identification of cores in telecommunication cables. The standard was withdrawn without a replacement in November 1998, but remains in widespread use by cable manufacturers.
The isolations of the several wires in a cable are either solidly colored in one color, or striped lengthwise in two colors. Use of the three-colored wires numbered 45 and up is rare.

</doc>
<doc id="20210323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210323" title="Abdul Hakim">
Abdul Hakim

Abdul Hakim () is a Muslim male given name, and in modern usage, surname. It is built from the Arabic words "Abd", "al-" and "Hakim". The name means "servant of the All-wise", "Al-Hakīm" being one of the names of God in the Qur'an, which give rise to the Muslim theophoric names.
The letter "a" of the "al-" is unstressed, and can be transliterated by almost any vowel, often by "e". So the first part can appear as Abdel, Abdul or Abd-al. The second part may appear as Hakim, Hakeem, or in other ways. The whole name is subject to variable spacing and hyphenation. 
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20210360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210360" title="D-Naff">
D-Naff

Naftalie Shigwedha Amukwelele (born 1 January 1974) commonly known as D-Naff, is a Namibian award-winning rapper/singer, and a former street gangster. D-Naff sings inspirational religious music in the style of kwaito, hip hop, kizomba, dancehall and afro-pop. D-Naff is also a motivational and inspirational speaker and has visited more than 15 schools in Namibia including the University of Namibia, Windhoek College of Education, Ongwediva College of Education and the Polytechnic of Namibia.
Career.
He started his music career back in the early 90s while a student at "Jan Jonker Afrikaner Secondary" under a group called the "Glamour Boys". The group toured France in 1998, during the soccer world cup under the sponsorship of the Franco-Namibian Cultural Center. After a giving his heart to Jesus, D-Naff went on to establish a GOspel hip-hop group called Eagles in Flight which later became Heaven's Dialect. After the exodus of the Group's producer to U.S.A., the group disbanded and D-Naff went on to found a group called "Eagle's Mentality" which became the winner of the 2005 "Best Gospel" at the Sanlam-NBC Music Awards.
D-Naff has been appointed as the (goodwill) Ambassador for the National Youth Council of Namibia (NYC). His duties as Ambassador include addressing the youth countrywide on matters facing them, being the spokesperson for them, motivating and inspiring them to be the best they can be and to live a life of meaning. D-Naff is also a member of a Choral group called Cantare Audire, under the leadership of Mr. Ernst von Biljon at the college of the Arts. Through his career as a musician, he has toured the United States and Europe.
Music.
He released his first solo album entitled "Oshagwana" in 2006 which made him more popular. In 2007 he released his second album entitled "Iikele Yuuyuni Mbu" which won him an award at the Namibian Music Awards in the gospel category with his song, ""Tsipi Tsipi"". His third album "Above The Limit" was released in early 2008. He is currently the best selling Gospel artist in Namibia, and the country's top and most requested performing Gospel star. His music enjoys airplay in all radio stations across the country as well as Radio Phoenix in Zambia.
Discography.
Bold text=== Solo albums ===

</doc>
<doc id="20210371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210371" title="Affe mit Schädel">
Affe mit Schädel

The Affe mit Schädel ("ape with skull"), is a famous work by the late-19th-century German sculptor Hugo Rheinhold. The statuette is otherwise known as the "“Affe, einen Schädel betrachtend”" (monkey viewing or contemplating a skull). It was first exhibited in 1893 at the "Große Berliner Kunstaustellung" (Great Berlin Art Exhibition).
Description of the statue.
A common chimpanzee ("Pan troglodytes") is sitting atop a pile of books and manuscripts. The subject is holding in its right hand a human skull, echoing the scene in Shakespeare's "Hamlet" where the Prince of Denmark mourns Yorick ("Alas, poor Yorick! I knew him…"). The chimpanzee cradles its chin with a hand in a contemplative posture. Sitting with its left leg supporting the right, the right leg holds the calipers in its foot. A spine of one of the closed books reads "Darwin".
The book open at the feet and facing the viewer has a single inscription on the right hand page: ""eritis sicut deus"" from Genesis 3.5 when the serpent is enticing Eve to eat of the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil in the Garden of Eden against the Lord’s command, promising "And ye shall be as God good and evil"), however the second half of this quote is missing, ripped from the lower half of the page.
Motivation for the statue.
What inspired Rheinhold in making his sculpture is unknown, although it has obvious parallels with Auguste Rodin’s “The Thinker”. It is perhaps surprising to discover that while Rodin had developed his statue as early as 1880, it was not cast into bronze and displayed until after the "Affe mit Schädel" had debuted.
Interpretation of the statue.
The excised Biblical quote possibly suggests good and evil cannot be known, or told apart. With the ape's study, the library of books and the caliper instruments, the suggestion is the statue is warning against the application of rationalism in the absence of morality. Furthermore, when a human is depicted holding a skull, it is usually a comment on mortality and the inevitability of death; famously, Hamlet bereaves Yorick in one instance, but is soon repulsed by this macabre souvenir as it brings him face-to-face with all life's grim destiny. But, for Hugo Rheinhold's ape, it is something quite different. The ape is engaged in assessment and measurement (confirmed by the calipers). That we should even consider this level of intelligence in another species is a bold examination of ourselves through eyes that bear witness to the disproportionate leverage historically awarded humankind. Hugo Rheinhold's original inscription ""eritis sicut deus"" (sometimes wrongly ""eritus ….""), either suggests Darwinian understanding may lead to Frankenstinian abuse of life's essence, or a more inclusive innocence that recognises a place for other advanced life‑forms on our intellectual podium, if only we can just accommodate those guests.
Reproduction of the statue.
While debuting at the "Große Berliner Kunstaustellung", the "Affe mit Schädel" became noticed by the Gladenbeck foundry (set up by Carl Gustav Hermann Gladenbeck in 1851). Purchasing the rights to the statue, the foundry featured it as a bronze in their catalogue, and it became popular through its quirky originality. The 30 cm full-size moulds disappeared with the closure of the Gladenbeck foundry, but Bildgießerei Seiler GmbH obtained the 13 cm Gladenbeck casting mould (Nr. 1194).
Distribution of the statue.
Gladenbeck editions of the statue are displayed at the Institute of Evolutionary Biology, University of Edinburgh, Aberdeen’s Medico-Chirurgical Society, the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh, the Boston Medical Library and the Medical Library of Queen’s University in Kingston, Ontario, and also in Calgary, Cottbus, Gloucester, Kerikeri, Munnekeburen, Oakville, Osaka, Oxford, Salem am Bodensee, Stevens Point, Vienna, and famously on Lenin’s desk in the Kremlin. One was even salvaged from a WWII Junkers 88 at the bottom of Lake Attersee (Austria).
Variations of the statue.
A few foundries in Germany and elsewhere still produce faithfully accurate editions of the statue. These editions tend to vary only in patinas and execution of the calipers.
Other versions less faithful to the original, typically from the USA, mutate the chimp's pensive contemplation to head‑scratching bewilderment, or sacrifice metallic lustre by substitution of cheaper materials ("e.g.", clay), and often undermine the sculpture's poise with careless positioning of a plastic skull. Prices currently range from $10 to $4,500. When they do rarely surface in auction or through private sale, Gladenbeck pieces can fetch up to $6,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20210373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210373" title="Picar">
Picar

Picar is a municipality in the Gjirokastër District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Picar, Shtëpëz, Kolonjë, Golem and Kaparjel.

</doc>
<doc id="20210379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210379" title="Michael Crow">
Michael Crow

Michael Crow may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20210444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210444" title="Cepo">
Cepo

Cepo is a municipality in the Gjirokastër District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Fushëbardhë, Zhulat, Taroninë, Mashkullorë, Palokastër, Çepun, Kodër, Plesat, Kardhiq, Prongji and Humelicë.

</doc>
<doc id="20210447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210447" title="Beibulat Taimiev">
Beibulat Taimiev

In his notes known as “A Trip to Arzrum” the great Russian poet Alexander Pushkin wrote: “The impressions are genuinely oriental! The renowned Beibulat, the most feared man in the Caucasus, came to Arzrum with two elders from Cherkess villages… They were dining at Count Paskevich’s”.
Though a real historical figure, Beibulat Taimiev is also a leading character of Chechen folklore. In poems and songs he is depicted as a legendary dare-devil. In oral narrative the name of Beibulat is associated with courage or reckless boldness.
Meanwhile, Beibulat Taimiev is an important figure in the history of Chechnya. He may well be considered the first Chechen diplomat for his negotiating efforts at the height of armed clashes between mountaineers and regular troops. Taimiev was a flexible politician and diplomat. He wanted good neighbourly relations between his people and the people of Russia, so he aimed at reconciling the interests of the two and called for peace talks. To this end, Taimiev often met with the tsar’s commissioner in the North Caucasus General Yermolov. He established diplomatic contacts with Iran and Turkey and went to visit the countries personally.
Contemporaries were fully aware of the fact that Taimiev could be both a useful ally and a dangerous foe. They also did justice to him as a talented military commander.
Many historians say the role of Taimiev in the political life of the North Caucasus in the first three decades of the 19th century was that of the leader of rebellions by Chechen and Ingush people. But he used his position to prevent revolts by mountaineers from turning into bloodshed and robbery. Taking the command of the mutinies Taimiev never stopped his diplomatic activity. This might explain why the circumstances of his death remain unclear. There is a possibility that Taimiev was eliminated by more radically minded associates.
The political activity of Taimiev lasted for 30 years. Sympathizing with his views, his struggle for independence and fair relations with Russia were Alexandr Pushkin, Alexandr Griboyedov, the Decembrists, and later on – Mikhail Lermontov, Leo Tolstoy.
The first three decades of the 19th century are rightfully called “the era of Beibulat” in the history of the Caucasus. A resourceful politician, he could have done a lot to end the conflict in the North Caucasus in the early 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20210450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210450" title="Playing Mona Lisa">
Playing Mona Lisa

Playing Mona Lisa is a comedy film released in 2000, directed by Matthew Huffman and starring Alicia Witt, Harvey Fierstein, Johnny Galecki, Elliott Gould, Marlo Thomas, Molly Hagan and Brooke Langton. It is based on a play by Marni Freedman.
Plot.
Everything goes wrong all at once in gifted 23-year-old pianist Claire Goldstein's life. San Francisco has an earthquake, she loses her apartment, her boyfriend Jeremy dumps her and she misses out on an important piano competition.
Claire is forced to move home with her parents (Marlo Thomas, Elliott Gould), where sister Jenine (Molly Hagan) is busy planning a wedding. Claire's mom is into the occult, her teacher (Harvey Fierstein) tries to arrange auditions and friends try to hook her up with a new romantic prospect, Eddie, adding to the complications in her life.
Production.
Development and writing.
Based on Marni Freedman's play "Two Goldsteins on Acid".
Filming.
Shot in San Francisco in the spring of 1999.
Musical score.
Composed by Carlos Rodriguez the film's score includes a variety of music. From contemporary songs to classical piano, salsa, and polka.
Release.
Released in San Francisco October 27, 2000.
Marketing.
Shown at Gen Art Film Festival in New York City April 26 - May 2, 2000.
Shown at Stony Brook Film Festival July 19–29, 2000.
Shown at U.S. Comedy Arts Festival in Aspen, Colorado February 9–13, 2000.
Reception.
Fresh rating of 62% from Rotten Tomatoes.
Noted for product placements and overt advertising of products.
Awards.
Won Audience Choice Award for Best Feature in 2000 at the Stony Brook Film Festival.
Won Film Discovery Jury Award for Best Actor Alicia Witt in 2000 at U.S. Comedy Arts Festival.
Home video releases.
The DVD for the film was released on April 17, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20210464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210464" title="List of Disney attractions using Audio-Animatronics">
List of Disney attractions using Audio-Animatronics

This is a list of Disney attractions that have used Audio-Animatronics.

</doc>
<doc id="20210483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210483" title="Lunxhëri">
Lunxhëri

Lunxhëri (; ) is a region in the district of Gjirokastër, Albania.
Geohistory.
Apart from the Lunxhëri municipality, Lunxhëri, traditionally incorporates a wider region that extends from Hormovë west, Gryka e Suhës south, the crest of Mount Lunxhëri east and the valley of the Drino west. It includes the villages of Lunxhëri municipality, Odrie municipality, Antigonë municipality, Selckë from the Pogon municipality, Labovë e Kryqit which administratiely belongs to Libohovë municipality, and villages of Lekël and Hormovë which administratively belong to Tepelenë District. The region has some rivers and streams ("Përroi i Dhoksatit", "Përroi i Qestoratit", and the river of Nimica). Additionally there are archeological sites near Këllez, Dhoksat, Erind as well the ancient Greek city, of Antigonia, today a National Park.
Lunxhëri has a very complex social history. The area has been characterized by frequent immigration during the late centuries. Its inhabitants have always thrived as politicians, merchants, doctors, benefactors, scholars, etc, giving immense contribute in the history of Albania and Greece. Although most of the locals that migrated to other regions, declared themselves as Greeks, at the same time, the majority of the population in the end of the 19th century spoke Albanian. In the same context, people like Koto Hoxhi and Pandeli Sotiri were pro-Albanian and part of the elite of Rilindas, while Christakis Zografos, Evangelos Zappas and especially Georgios Zografos (head of the Autonomous Republic of Northern Epirus), supported the Greek national ideas. However, the majority of the locals where between this two extreme points. There is also a Vlach minority which was brought by the communist regime after the World War II.
During World War I and the interwar period, many families, both of pro-Albanian and pro-Greek left the area. 
<br>The region was very active during World War II by joining mainly the communist partisan forces. Misto Mame and Mihal Duri are the most known heroes of that period.
<br>Many families have emigrated after 1990, leading to a decrease in population.
<br>Today, the population of Lunxhëri is perceived as three main groups:
Marriages between all local groups are pretty common, as well as between the Christian local communities and Greek villagers of Gjirokastër areas.
Religion.
The population is of Orthodox religion majority, with Lab families being a Muslim minority. The so-called "autoktonë" families are completely Orthodox, beside Erind. 

</doc>
<doc id="20210496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210496" title="Little brown job">
Little brown job

Little brown job or LBJ is an informal name commonly used by birders for any of the large number of species of small brown passerine birds, many of which are notoriously difficult to distinguish. This is especially true for females, which lack much of the coloring present in males. 

</doc>
<doc id="20210500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210500" title="Jong Hwa Park">
Jong Hwa Park

Jong Hwa Park () is a South Korean pianist. He was prized at the 1995 Queen Elisabeth Competition (5th) and the 1996 Concorso Busoni (4th) before being awarded the 1998 Paloma O'Shea Competition's 2nd prize. 
Among others, he has performeed at the National Auditorium of Music in Madrid, Amsterdam Concertgebouw, Herkules-Saal and the Palais des Beaux Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="20210506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210506" title="Maryland Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation">
Maryland Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation

The Maryland Department of Labor, Licensing, and Regulation (DLLR) is a government agency in the U.S. state of Maryland. DLLR is overseen by Secretary Alexander M. Sanchez. The agency is headquartered in Suite 401 at 500 North Calvert Street in Baltimore.
DLLR oversees the following agencies:
Division of Labor and Industry
Office of Financial Regulation
Division of Occupational and Professional Licensing
Division of Racing
Division of Unemployment Insurance
Division of Workforce Development & Adult Learning

</doc>
<doc id="20210521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210521" title="Zivojin Stjepić">
Zivojin Stjepić

Zivojin Stjepić was the Deputy Minister of Religion in the Government of Serbia (2001-2004). He was in large part responsible for the reinstitution of religious education as a school subject in Serbian schools after it had been ignored for 60 years by the communist regime. He was a vice-president of the Christian Democratic Party of Serbia which is a right of centre, pro Monarchist Serbian political party.

</doc>
<doc id="20210540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210540" title="Odrie">
Odrie

Odrie is a municipality in the Gjirokastër District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Andon Poçi, Hundëkuq, Tërbuq, Labovë e Madhe and Labovë e Vogël.

</doc>
<doc id="20210559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210559" title="Army Appropriations Act of 1916">
Army Appropriations Act of 1916

In United States federal legislation, the Army Appropriations Act of 1916 authorized money for the larger troop strength, and created the Council of National Defense (CND) which established communications and information sharing between military and industrial leaders. 
The CND was a Cabinet committee with an Advisory Commission of prominent citizens working without pay. It was initially made up of 1) Walter S. Gifford, its Chairman, and a statistician with American Telephone and Telegraph Company (AT&T), 2) Howard E. Coffin, the Vice-President of the Hudson Motor Car Company, 3) Bernard Baruch, Wall Street financier, 4) Hollis Godfrey, the President of the Drexel Institute of Philadelphia, 5) Daniel Willard, the President of the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad (B&O), 6) Julius Rosenwald, the President of Sears, Roebuck and Company, 6) Samuel Gompers, the President of the American Federation of Labor (AFL), and 7) Dr. Franklin H. Martin, the Secretary-General of the American College of Surgeons. It was the 1st peacetime collusion of military and industrial leaders, laying the initial groundwork for the modern U.S. military-industrial complex.

</doc>
<doc id="20210573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210573" title="Nəvahı (settlement)">
Nəvahı (settlement)

Nəvahı is a settlement and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan, distinct from the village and municipality of Nəvahı. It has a population of 2,293. 

</doc>
<doc id="20210578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210578" title="Zagori, Albania">
Zagori, Albania

Zagori (Greek: Ζαγόρι) is a municipality in the Gjirokastër District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania.
The municipality consists of the villages Sheper, Nivan, Nderan, Konckë, Hoshtevë, Bithyq, Zhej, Lliar.

</doc>
<doc id="20210585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210585" title="Mateusz Siebert">
Mateusz Siebert

Mateusz Siebert (born 4 April 1989 in Poznań) is a Polish footballer.
Career.
Club.
Born in Poland, he moved to France with his family at the age of three. His father Bernard is a former professional Polish footballer and his mother Renata a former handball player. He made his Ligue 2 debut in October 2008, coming on as a 25th minute substitute against LB Châteauroux. In July 2009 he joined Arka Gdynia on a one-year loan with a buy option. His season ended in March as a result of injury. Despite wishing to retain him, the small club did not take up the buy option due to cost. 
In February 2011, he joined Arka Gdynia on two and a half year contract.
International.
Siebert was a part of the Poland U-21 team.

</doc>
<doc id="20210590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210590" title="Padar, Hajigabul">
Padar, Hajigabul

Padar is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 744. 

</doc>
<doc id="20210594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210594" title="Naval Act of 1916">
Naval Act of 1916

In United States federal legislation, the Naval Act of 1916 was also called the "Big Navy Act." An overlooked landmark piece of legislation, President Woodrow Wilson determined amidst the repeated incidents with Germany to build “"incomparably, the greatest Navy in the world"” over a ten-year period with the intent of making the U.S. Navy equal to any two others in the world. Ultimately, more than $500 million was to be spent on ten battleships, six battlecruisers, thirty submarines, fifty destroyers, and other support vessels, to be built over a three-year period.
Opposition to heavily armored and thus expensive "Dreadnought" ships was strong in the House, but was overcome by the results of the one great naval battle of World War I between the British Royal Navy and the German High Seas Fleet, the Battle of Jutland (31 May–1 June 1916), which proved to Preparedness supporters that a heavy, great tonnage Navy armed with large guns was necessary to defend American shores and merchant ships on the seas in the event of war. President Wilson told Col. Edward House that he was anxious to hasten the day when the American Navy was larger than Great Britain’s, proclaiming “"Let us build a Navy bigger than hers and do what we please".” 
The Senate passed the “Big Navy Act” on July 21 although it specified that five of ten battleships specified would be replaced with battlecruisers. Not until August 8 did Rep. Lemuel P. Padgett, Tennessee Democrat and Chairman of the House Naval Affairs Committee, confer with President Wilson and agree to support the Senate bill. Democrat Rep. Claude Kitchin of North Carolina despaired: “"The United States today becomes the most militaristic naval nation on earth".” 
In Sept. 1918, the Navy Department’s General Board recommended in addition to the sixteen capital ships called for in the initial act, that an additional twelve battleships and sixteen battlecruisers be built. By 1922, the U.S. Navy, if all the ships had been built, could have surpassed the Royal Navy in size and strength. However the expectation of a ruinous arms race with the British and the Japanese led to the Washington Naval Conference of 1921–1922 and the tonnage limit ratio agreements with the US having parity with the RN.

</doc>
<doc id="20210602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210602" title="Fabulous Funnies">
Fabulous Funnies

Fabulous Funnies is a Filmation cartoon series on NBC that ran for one season in 1978; it features animated versions of newspaper comic strips and attempted to teach moral lessons to children.
Overview.
Like the earlier series "Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids", this series placed more emphasis on teaching the audience moral lessons than on entertaining them. Each half-hour episode consisted of animated versions of newspaper comic strips, including "Alley Oop", "Nancy", "Broom-Hilda", "Emmy Lou", "The Captain and the Kids", and for a while, "Tumbleweeds"; acting as a "master of ceremonies" for this show was Foozy, a character from "Alley Oop" who always spoke in rhyming verse. Topics covered in this series included honesty, alcoholism, prejudice, and safety, among others.
This wasn't the first time Filmation used animated comic strips in a cartoon series; they first did this in "Archie's TV Funnies", which featured some of the above comics and others, and placed more emphasis on entertainment than on moral lessons.
"Fabulous Funnies" ran for one season of 13 episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="20210604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210604" title="Balıqçı">
Balıqçı

Balıqçı is a village in the municipality of Qazıməmməd in the Hajigabul District of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20210610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210610" title="Pirsaatçay">
Pirsaatçay

Pirsaatçay is a village in the municipality of Qubalıbalaoğlan in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20210616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210616" title="Pogon, Albania">
Pogon, Albania

Pogon (, Kato Pogoni) is a municipality in the Gjirokastër District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. It consists of seven villages: Poliçan, Skore, Hllomo, Sopik, Mavrojer, Çatistë and Selckë, of which Poliçan is the administrative center. Selckë is part of a wider region of Lunxhëria, inhabited by Albanian orthodox population, while the rest of the towns belong to the Greek minority zone. Greek is widely spoken in the villages.
Historically each village of Pogon has its own variation of traditional costumes and dresses. The area is part of Pogoni, a region that also includes parts of nearby Pogoni on the Greek side of the border.
In 15th century Pogon came under Ottoman rule and became part of the Sanjak of Ioannina. As part of Albania, the municipality is part of the recognized Greek Minority Zone.

</doc>
<doc id="20210617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210617" title="Meyniman (village)">
Meyniman (village)

Meyniman (known as Kalinovka until 1999) 

</doc>
<doc id="20210644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210644" title="Fertility tourism">
Fertility tourism

Fertility tourism or reproductive tourism is the practice of traveling to another country for fertility treatments. It may be regarded as a form of medical tourism. The main reasons for fertility tourism are legal regulation of the sought procedure in the home country, or lower price. In-vitro fertilization and donor insemination are major procedures involved. Other legal regulations may also contribute. For example, couples from the People's Republic of China seek fertility treatments abroad to circumvent the one-child policy.
It has been proposed to be termed reproductive exile to emphasis the difficulties and constraints faced by infertile patients, who are "forced" to travel globally for reproductive procedures. 
IVF destinations.
About 20,000 to 25,000 couples annually seek assisted reproductive technology services abroad. Israel is the leading fertility tourism destination for In-vitro fertilization (IVF) procedures, having the highest number of fertility clinics per capita in the world. The United States is chosen by many Europeans because of the higher success rates and lenient regulations. In turn, India and other Asian countries are the main destinations for U.S. women leaving the country for their fertility care, being the destinations for 40% of U.S. women seeking IVF and 52% seeking IVF with donor eggs. Many travel from countries like Germany and Italy, which are very restrictive of the number of eggs that may be fertilized and how many embryos can be used for implantation or cryopreservation. Even small countries such as Barbados provide JCI-accredited IVF care aimed at patients from abroad.
Risks.
Many countries have no restriction on how many embryos may be transferred into the uterus at the same time, increasing the risk of multiple pregnancy and resultant potential complications. The burden of multiple births generated by placing too many embryos is carried by the patients and the home country.
Egg donation.
Egg donation is illegal in a number of European countries including Germany, Austria, and Italy. Many couples then will seek help in places where the procedure is allowed such as Spain and the United States where donors are paid for their service. Almost half of all IVF treatments with donor eggs in Europe are performed in Spain. IVF with anonymous egg donation is also the main assisted reproductive technology sought by Canadians traveling to the U.S, and is the sought procedure for 80% of cross-border treatments by Canadians. In traditional medical tourism countries like Czech Republic egg donation cycles usually have very good success rate when using modern methods like ICSI, PICSI and PGD that significantly increase success rate of birth. 
Sex selection.
There is fertility tourism from the United Kingdom to the United States for sex selection, because preimplantation genetic diagnosis (PGD, a potential expansion of IVF), which can be used for sex selection, is prohibited in the UK, except when it is used to screen for genetic diseases, while the laws in the US are more relaxed in this subject.
Donor insemination.
Fertility tourism for artificial insemination by donor is influenced by different attitudes and different sperm donation laws by different countries.
There is generally a demand for sperm donors who have no genetic problems in their family, 20/20 eyesight, with excellent visual acuity, a college degree, and sometimes a value on a certain height, age, eye colour, hair texture, blood type and ethnicity . Anecdotal evidence suggests that the inventory of taller men who are blonde and blue eyed is most popular.
Destinations.
Denmark has a well-developed system of sperm export. This success mainly comes from the reputation of Danish sperm donors for being of high quality and, in contrast with the law in the other Nordic countries, gives donors the choice of being either anonymous or non-anonymous to the receiving couple. Furthermore, Nordic sperm donors tend to be tall, with rarer features like blond hair or different color eyes and a light complexion, and highly educated and have altruistic motives for their donations, partly due to the relatively low monetary compensation in Nordic countries. More than 50 countries worldwide are importers of Danish sperm, including Paraguay, Canada, Kenya, and Hong Kong.
Another emerging destination for fertility tourism is Barbados [http://www.patientsbeyondborders.com/hospital/barbados-fertility-center]. More and more Caribbean couples and couples of African origin are in need medical help to conceive, and often require eggs and sperm that match their genetic composition.
For a long time, their only option was the United States; however for over 11 years Barbados [http://community.thebump.com/cs/ks/forums/thread/69003163.aspx?MsdVisit=1] has been providing couples with the latest in cutting edge technology and has introduced new techniques.
Origins.
Some countries such as United Kingdom and Sweden, have a shortage of sperm donors. Sweden now has a 18 month long waiting list for donor sperm.
As a consequence, British women travelled to Belgium and Spain in the late 1990s and in the early years of the 21st century for donor insemination, until those two countries changed their laws and imposed a maximum number of children one donor may produce. Prior to the change in the law, the limit in the number of children born to each donor depended upon practitioners at fertility clinics, and Belgian and Spanish clinics were purchasing donor sperm from abroad to satisfy demand for treatments. Anonymous donation was permitted in Belgium and is a legal requirement in Spain. Ironically, at the time, many Belgian and Spanish clinics were buying sperm from British clinics donated by British donors whose local limit of ten families in the UK had not been reached, and they were able to use that sperm according to local laws and limits. British fertility tourists must therefore now travel to other countries particularly those that do not include children born to foreigners in their national totals of children produced by each donor. Britain also imports donor sperm from Scandinavia but can only limit the use of that donor's sperm to ten families in the UK itself, so that more children may be produced elsewhere from the same donor.
At least 250 Swedish sperm recipients travel to Denmark annually for insemination. Some of this is also due to that Denmark also allows single women to be inseminated.
It is illegal to pay donors for eggs or sperm in Canada. Women can still import commercial U.S. sperm, but that's not true for eggs, resulting in many Canadian women leaving the country for such procedures.
Surrogacy destinations.
India.
India is a main destination for surrogacy. Indian surrogates have been increasingly popular with fertile couples in industrialized nations because of the relatively low cost. Indian clinics are at the same time becoming more competitive, not just in the pricing, but in the hiring and retention of Indian females as surrogates. Clinics charge patients between $10,000 and $28,000 for the complete package, including fertilization, the surrogate's fee, and delivery of the baby at a hospital. Including the costs of flight tickets, medical procedures and hotels, it comes to roughly a third of the price compared with going through the procedure in the UK.
Surrogacy in India is of low cost and the laws are flexible. In 2008, the Supreme Court of India in the Manji's case (Japanese Baby) has held that commercial surrogacy is permitted in India. That has again increased the international confidence in going in for surrogacy in India.
There is an upcoming Assisted Reproductive Technology Bill, aiming to regulate the surrogacy business. However, it is expected to increase the confidence in clinics by sorting out dubious practitioners, and in this way stimulate the practice.
Russian Federation.
Liberal legislation makes Russia attractive for “reproductive tourists” looking for techniques not available in their countries. Intended parents come there for oocyte donation, because of advanced age or marital status (single women and single men) and when surrogacy is considered. Gestational surrogacy, even commercial is absolutely legal in Russia, being available for practically all adults willing to be parents. Foreigners have the same rights as for assisted reproduction as Russian citizens. Within 3 days after the birth the commissioning parents obtain a Russian birth certificate with both their names on it. Genetic relation to the child (in case of donation) doesn’t matter.
On 4 August 2010, a Moscow court ruled that a single man who applied for gestational surrogacy (using donor eggs) could be registered as the only parent of his son, becoming the first man in Russia to defend his right to become a father through a court procedure. The surrogate mother’s name was not listed on the birth certificate; the father was listed as the only parent.
United States.
The United States is sought as a location for surrogate mothers by couples seeking Green Card in that country, since the resulting child can get birthright citizenship in the United States, and can thereby apply for Green Cards for the parents when turning 21 years of age.

</doc>
<doc id="20210655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210655" title="Orkney College">
Orkney College

Orkney College is a further and higher education college in Orkney, an archipelago in northern Scotland. It is an academic partner in the University of the Highlands and Islands.
The College serves the Orkney community, which is rural and has long had an economy based on agriculture and fishing. Its main campus is a purpose-built site opened in 2000 on the outskirts of Kirkwall. It is one of very few non-incorporated colleges in Scotland and is the responsibility of the Orkney Islands Council, which has devolved many powers, including management, funding and staffing to the College Management Council.
The College has strong links with agriculture and opened an Agronomy Institute in 2002.
Orkney College's courses provide students of all ages with a full range of qualifications from Scottish Vocational Qualifications, Scottish Group Awards (Higher Still) through Higher National Certificate and Diploma to Degree and postgraduate Degree Level. It hosts research in agronomy, archaeology, cultural studies, geophysics, Nordic studies, language and literature.
Maritime training.
The college conducts vocational training for the merchant navy personnel. These are MCA and RYA certified. Some of them are:

</doc>
<doc id="20210675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210675" title="Qendër Libohovë">
Qendër Libohovë

Qendër Libohovë is a municipality in the Gjirokastër District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania. The municipality consists of the villages Labovë e Sipërme, Labovë e Poshtme, Suhë, Stegopull, Bulo, Drino and Nepravishtë.

</doc>
<doc id="20210700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210700" title="Where.com">
Where.com

Where, Inc. is a location-based media company in North America. Their main product is the WHERE consumer application, with over 3 million active users. It helps users discover, save and share local places by putting local information at users’ fingertips and integrating promotional and discount offers from local merchants. WHERE Ads is the firm’s hyper-local ad network, connecting merchants with local audiences. It delivers over 3 billion hyper-local ads monthly to over 300 publishers. PayPal, a subsidiary of eBay, announced its acquisition of Where, Inc. in 2011, which was reported to be valued at $135 million.
History.
Where, Inc. was founded in 2004 under the name uLocate Communications, Inc. by partners, Geoff Palmer, Frank Schroth, and Alan Phillips. uLocate spent its early days creating family tracking services as well as building location based applications for companies such as MapQuest and Helio.
In March 2007, WHERE launched as a location-based mobile service. The goal of WHERE is to provide local search content that helps consumers save time and money.
WHERE provides hyper-local information and user generated content about weather, news, movies, restaurant and business reviews, cheap gas, coupons and offers, traffic, etc. Brands such as Starbucks, Yellow Pages and Zipcar use WHERE to reach local audiences by providing data for various features within WHERE. For example, a Starbucks feature lets users search for and find directions to the Starbucks nearest their current location. WHERE also includes features that allow people to review locations and keep lists of places they’ve been and places they want to go.
In 2010, the company grew to over 50 people, moving into larger facilities in Boston. During this year, it launched the Placebook feature, which enables consumers to store lists of places from their mobile devices or from Where.com. Facebook contested the Placebook name due to its last syllable of "book".
The company was venture-backed by Kodiak Venture Partners, Grand Banks Capital and Venrock and based in Boston. Prior to its acquisition by eBay in 2011, several industry experts sat on its board including Craig Forman.
Products.
Where.com.
The consumer site Where.com launched in March 2010. The Website is a local search and recommendation portal that allows people to find local events, read reviews and other business information, and write their own reviews. On Where.com, people can also create their own user accounts or use their current WHERE mobile application account information to build a personal profile. Personal profiles allow people to store lists of places they’ve been to, places they want to go to and places they’ve reviewed. Where.com syncs with the mobile WHERE.
WHERE Ads.
WHERE Ads is a hyper-local ad network that localizes traditional advertising techniques with improved performance for better results. Ads engage consumers through location relevance, design optimizing, and delivery format flexibility. As of January 2011, WHERE Ads is the 6th largest mobile ad network in the United States.
In May 2012, WHERE Ads became PayPal Media Network (PPMN), with multi-media solutions that increase awareness for retailers, manufacturers, and restaurants and drive consumer transactions. They have branched out into online, but their position as one of the largest location-targeted mobile advertising network remains, and they believe that location is one of the most relevant targeting parameters available for advertising on a mobile device and helping drive consumers to engage with brands online and offline.
Alongside PayPal’s initiatives to enable payment in the physical world, PayPal Media Network offers brands, retailers, restaurants, uniquely effective media solutions for their online and offline businesses.
Patents.
The firm possesses several patents including one for geo-fencing location technology and one for auto-snap location technology.
Availability.
WHERE is available in North America and can be downloaded for free from the Android Market, BlackBerry App World, iOS App Store, and Palm App Catalog. WHERE is also available from the AT&T MEdia Mall, T-Mobile web2go, and VZW V Cast Apps.
Wireless carriers — AT&T, Boost Mobile, Helio, MetroPCS, Sprint, Verizon Wireless, Virgin
Mobile smartphone devices — Android, BlackBerry, iPhone, Palm, Windows Phone 7
Post-eBay Acquisition.
In the mobile industry, there have been several notable acquisitions of Boston-based startups by larger technology companies:
Unlike the above, WHERE continued to grow its Boston-based presence after its acquisition. In January 2012, the President of PayPal Scott Thompson, local executives Walt Doyle, and David Chang met with Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick to discuss an expansion of California-based PayPal into Boston.
In 2013, the eBay Boston office houses several operating entities including PayPal, StubHub, and Start Tank.
Start Tank.
The Start Tank is an incubator hosted by PayPal in Boston and offers free co-working space for early-stage startups. There are several similar efforts at eBay including Friends of eBay in New York and PayPal Startup Blueprint, and PayPal incubator in Chennai. These are part of a broader growing trend of incubators and accelerators sponsored by corporate entities and technology companies.
The Start Tank was officially unveiled during the PayPal Boston launch event with Boston Mayor Thomas Menino and Secretary Greg Bialecki in February 2013. The first class of startups consisted of 15 companies based in the Boston area. The second class started in September 2013 and consisted of 22 startups. A number of these startups gained market traction, raised funds of their own, and soon graduated from the program.

</doc>
<doc id="20210701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210701" title="Kerala People's Arts Club">
Kerala People's Arts Club

Kerala People's Arts Club (KPAC) is a theatrical movement in Kerala, India. It was formed in the 1950s by a group of individuals having close ties with Left-wing politics parties of Kerala. This political theatre was very influential in propagating communist ideas in Kerala.
In 1951 KPAC staged its first drama, "Ente Makananu Sari" (My Son is Right). The songs of this play were written by Punaloor Balan. Its second drama Ningalenne Communistakki (You Made Me a Communist), first performed in 1952, became a path-breaking play in the history of Malayalam theatre. The play was penned by the renowned playwright Thoppil Bhasi, under the pseudonym Soman. Bhasi was underground when he wrote the play. The success of Ningalenne Communistakki made KPAC in the forefront of a powerful people's theatre movement in Kerala.
KPAC played a significant role in popularizing the Communist Party in Kerala through its dramas, road shows and "kathaprasangams" (story telling).

</doc>
<doc id="20210707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210707" title="Vigor Majić">
Vigor Majić

Vigor Majić was the Deputy Minister of Education and Sport in the Government of Serbia (2001-2004).
Overview.
Prior to being appointed as Deputy Minister, he had been the director of the Petnica Science Center in Serbia since 1982, when he was one of the founders of the centre. Since leaving his government post, he has again resumed his position as director of the Petnica Science Center in Serbia. Petnica Science Center is a non-governmental, non-profit and independent educational institution founded to help and support young people who demonstrate an exceptional interest in science beyond the school curricula.

</doc>
<doc id="20210708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210708" title="Dropull i Poshtëm">
Dropull i Poshtëm

Dropull i Poshtëm (, Kato Dropolis) is a municipality in the Gjirokastër District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania, part of the Dropull region. The municipality is inhabited by ethnic Greeks.

</doc>
<doc id="20210723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210723" title="Lowry Johnson">
Lowry Johnson

Lowry Johnson was born January 31, 1871 in Ontario, Canada. He was a member of the senior Rat Portage Thistles squad that got beaten by the younger upstart junior squad in 1896. Lowry later served as President of the 1907 Stanley Cup Champion Kenora Thistles. However, he was not included on the Stanley Cup winning picture, with the rest of the Kenora Thistles team. The date of his death is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20210726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210726" title="Adamkhan">
Adamkhan

There are several locations named Adamkhan:

</doc>
<doc id="20210728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210728" title="KAGH (AM)">
KAGH (AM)

KAGH (800 AM, "Oldies Radio 800") is a radio station licensed to serve Crossett, Arkansas, USA. The station is owned by Crossett Radio and licensed to Peggy S. Medlin's Ashley County Broadcasters, Inc.
The station airs an oldies music format. Most of the station's programming comes from the satellite-delivered Classic Hits service of ABC Radio Networks.
The station was assigned the KAGH call letters by the Federal Communications Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="20210730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210730" title="2008 Copa Perú">
2008 Copa Perú

The Peru Cup 2008 season (), the promotion tournament of Peruvian football, started on February 1.
The tournament has 5 stages. The first four stages are played as mini-league round-robin tournaments, except for third stage in region IV, which is played as a knockout stage. The final stage features two knockout rounds and a final four-team group stage to determine the two promoted teams.
The 2008 Peru Cup started with the District Stage () on February 1. The next stage was the Provincial Stage () which started, on June 1. The tournament continued with the Departamental Stage () on July 16. The Regional Staged followed. The National Stage () started on November 8. The winner and runner-up of the National Stage will be promoted to the First Division.
Departamental Stage.
The following list shows the teams that qualified for the Regional Stage.
Regional Stage.
Each region had two teams qualify for the next stage. The playoffs only determined the respective regional winners.
Region I.
Region I includes qualified teams from Amazonas, Lambayeque, Tumbes and Piura region.
Region II.
Region II includes qualified teams from Ancash, Cajamarca, La Libertad and San Martín region.
Region III.
Region III includes qualified teams from Loreto and Ucayali region.
Region IV.
Region IV includes qualified teams from Lima and Callao region. This region played as a knockout cup system and the finalists qualified.
Region V.
Region V includes qualified teams from Junín, Pasco and Huánuco region.
Region VI.
Region VI includes qualified teams from Ayacucho, Huancavelica and Ica region. Two teams qualified from this stage.
Region VII.
Region VII includes qualified teams from Arequipa, Moquegua and Tacna region.
Region VIII.
Region VIII includes qualified teams from Apurimac, Cusco, Madre de Dios and Puno region.
National Stage.
The National Stage started on November 8. This stage had two knockout rounds and four-team group stage. The winners and runners-up of the National Stage will be promoted to the First Division. The two semifinalists as well as the best quarterfinalist will be promoted to the Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="20210744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210744" title="Lesser Poland Regional Assembly">
Lesser Poland Regional Assembly

The Lesser Poland Regional Assembly () is the regional legislature of the voivodeship of Lesser Poland, Poland. It is a unicameral body consists of thirty-nine councillors elected in free elections for a 4-year term. The current chairperson of the assembly is Andrzej Sztorc. 
The Regional Assembly meets in the Marshal's Office in Kraków.
Districts.
Members of the Assembly are elected from six districts, serve four year terms. Districts does not have the constituencies formal names. Instead, each constituency has a number and territorial description.
2006-10 Term.
None: Three councillors are not members of groups, but are member of party

</doc>
<doc id="20210757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210757" title="Dropull i Sipërm">
Dropull i Sipërm

Dropull i Sipërm (, Ano Dropolis) is a municipality in the Gjirokastër District, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania, part of the Dropull region. The municipality is inhabited by ethnic Greeks.

</doc>
<doc id="20210762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210762" title="Cheirothyris">
Cheirothyris

Cheirothyris is a genus of fossil brachiopod from the Upper Jurassic period. The shells of this genus are characterised by four, high, radially arranged ribs on each valve. On the anterior edge of the valves the ribs protrude like fingers, so that the shells look like the webbed feet of birds from above. "Cheirothyris fleuriausa" is one of the largest reported specimens measuring about 3 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="20210775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20210775" title="LiV DASH">
LiV DASH

The LiV DASH is a lithium-ion battery powered vehicle made by Hybrid Technologies. Built on the Smart Fortwo platform, it was first made available through a cross promotional sale with Sam's Club on November 7, 2007. It was later made available for an online purchase through the company's 2008 vehicle lineup for $43,500.

</doc>
