<doc id="20259869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259869" title="Honeywell Aerospace">
Honeywell Aerospace

Honeywell Aerospace is the largest manufacturer of aircraft engines and avionics, as well as a producer of auxiliary power units (APUs) and other aviation products. Headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, it is a division of the Honeywell International conglomerate. It generates approximately $10 billion in annual revenue from a 50/50 mix of commercial and defense contracts.
The company experienced a boom during World War II, when it equipped bomber planes with avionics and invented the auto-pilot. After the war it transitioned to a heavier focus on peacetime applications. Today Honeywell produces space equipment, turbine engines, auxiliary power units, brakes, wheels, synthetic vision, runway safety systems and other avionics.
A Honeywell APU was used in the notable emergency landing of US Airways Flight 1549 and a Honeywell blackbox survived under sea for years against its specified limits to reveal the details of the crash of Air France Flight 447. The company was also involved in the making of and in 90 percent of U.S. space missions. It's involved in the U.S. NextGen program and Europe's SESAR program for advancing avionics.
President Barack Obama awarded a Honeywell employee the National Medal of Technology for his contributions to air flight safety technology. The company owns dozens of patents related to NextGen technology, aircraft windshields, turbochargers and more. It was also involved in an 11 year long patent dispute regarding ring laser gyroscope technology.
Business.
Honeywell Aerospace is responsible for about thirty percent of Honeywell’s total revenue with half from commercial contracts and half from defense contracts. The division generates $10 billion in annual sales with $2 billion in profit. In 2010, 75 percent of revenue was from the Americas.
Honeywell expects future revenue sources to be more geographically diverse as aviation grows in countries like India and Africa. In these regions, a lack of ground support encourages the use of additional cockpit avionics to prevent crashes and determine flight routes. Honeywell publishes a regular business aviation forecast, which acknowledged a significant decline from 2008-2010, but expects recovery to 2008 levels by 2017.
History.
Corporate history.
Honeywell Aerospace began in 1914. Over nearly a century, through various acquisitions, mergers and name changes, Honeywell Aerospace combined legacy companies Sperry, Bendix, Garrett AiResearch, Pioneer, Lycoming, Grimes, King Radio (Company) and Allied Signal. Garrett Corporation also acquired Aero Engineering Inc., Aero Sales Engineering, Ltd. and Air Cruisers Company in 1954.
Following the death of its founder John Cliff Garrett in 1963, Garrett Corporation merged with Signal Oil & Gas Company to avoid a hostile takeover by Curtiss-Wright, forming The Signal Companies. In 1982 Allied Corporation acquired Bendix Aerospace after coming in late in a protracted fight involving Bendix, Martin Marietta, and United Technologies. Originally, Bendix had tried to acquire Martin Marietta. Martin Marietta then bid for Bendix, and United Technologies entered the fray to help Martin Marietta.
After the dust cleared, Allied Corporation was the apparent victor.
In 1985 The Signal Companies merged with Allied Corporation forming Allied-Signal Inc. Allied-Signal (later renamed to Honeywell International in 1999) now includes was (in 1986) called Honeywell Inc., and in 1986 Honeywell Inc. acquired Sperry Aerospace for $1.025 billion.
Allied-Signal acquired the Lycoming Turbine Engine Division of Textron in 1994, and Grimes in 1997. Allied-Signal acquired Honeywell in 1999, and changed the name of the resulting company to Honeywell International.
Early history.
In the late 1930s Honeywell added temperature controls to moving vehicles like cars, trains and airplanes. This was more challenging than a traditional stationary furnace, because the temperature around a plane changes drastically as it climbs and descends. Honeywell provided the air conditioning system for America’s first nuclear-powered submarine in 1954 and many Honeywell controls were used in the Manhattan Project.
John Clifford "Cliff" Garrett founded Aircraft Tool and Supply Company in a one-room office in Los Angeles in 1936 to create specialized parts for aviation. From 1936 to 1938 the company grew from $3,503 to $21,540 in profit and raised an additional $31,500 in capital. In 1938 Cliff Garrett declared the company had hit a downturn, because many manufacturers they had previously sold products from had developed their own sales offices. In response, Cliff shifted focus to developing and manufacturing patented aviation products. In 1938 the company changed its name to Garrett Corporation. In 1939, Garrett formed Garrett AiResearch Manufacturing Co. to design, create and sell patented aviation products. The first invented product was an all-aluminum aircraft intercooler that was used to give Boeing B-17 bombers high-altitude abilities. Garrett also built Defense Plant Corporation in 1942.
World War II & defense.
Garrett AiResearch’s (now part of Honeywell) first major product was an oil cooler for military aircraft that allowed the Douglas DB-7, and Boeing's B-17 and B-25 bombers to fly at higher altitudes. Garrett also developed and produced the pressurization technology for the pressurized cabins in the B-29 bomber and the air expansion cooling turbines for the Lockheed P-80 Shooting Star.
The autopilot system created rumors in mainstream media regarding crewless autopilot planes flying for thousands of miles, creating diversions for enemy squads and maintaining a steady flight despite extensive damage. The autopilot technology was kept secret until 1943, when it became clear Germany had caught wind of it by salvaging downed US bombers.
Sperry, Bendix and Grimes all produced equipment for World War II planes like instruments, navigation, electronics, wheels and lighting systems. 
During World War II Bendix made just about every ancillary instrument or equipment for military aircraft. Garrett Corporation initially produced intercoolers, aircoolers and cabin pressurization regulators. During the war Garrett expanded to manufacturing its own actuators, auxiliary power units, mechanical shutters and turbochargers. Since then all of these companies have merged and ultimately became a part of Honeywell.
In the beginning of the war most turbochargers were manually controlled superchargers that used mechanical energy from the engine to force air into the combustion process through the intake manifold. The exhaust based turbocharger most common today was first created for World War II bomber planes and became stock equipment on B-17, B-24 and B-29 bombers.
World War II was a boon for Garrett AiResearch, but the company had already been advertising peace-time products and created a New Products Investigation Group to identify post-war aerospace technology ideas. Nevertheless, the war’s end resulted in deep cutbacks and layoffs for Garrett Corporation. The B-36 had more than 10,000 Garrett products in it and helped carry the company through the post-war transition. By 1948 Garrett Corporation had a $7.5 million backlog.
Turbine history.
Near the end of World War II, Garrett got board approval and $1 million in research funding to develop turbine engines. The company began to create its first turbine engine called "the black box," but a tight contract deadline and a problem with turbine efficiency resulted in the expensive project being scrapped in 1946. The backward curved centrifugal compressor from the black box project was used in future designs and lessons from the project made the company discontinue axial turbines for radial ones. In October 1951, Garrett was awarded a $36 million contract by the U.S. Navy.
Additional turbine testing facilities and a young team of engineers with turbomachinery experience eventually created future turbine engines used in APUs in the late 1940s. Used initially as a ground cart for military jets and some commercial aircraft, the first airborne APU entered service on the Boeing 727 in 1962.
By the 1960s Garrett AiResearch controlled a substantial portion of the APU turbine market, which wasn't expected to grow. Speer pushed Garrett to take on larger incumbents in the general engine propulsion market, but didn't get approval to "boot-strap" the development of the turboprop 331 engine until 1962. The Garrett TPE331 would be Garrett's (later Honeywell's) first fixed-wing general propulsion turbine.
Commercial avionics.
An early landmark commercial avionics technology was the ring laser gyroscope (RLG), which was developed in 1958. Honeywell supported the "long and painful" development process, but was rewarded by the 1970s. Honeywell also developed the Laser Inertial Navigation system. Both RLG and the Laser Inertial System help navigation and automatic flight control systems measure altitude, position, velocity and rotation. By 1991, 45,000 RLG devices were sold.
Throughout the 1950s technicians experimented with a new device called the Electrically Suspended Gyroscope (ESG). The ESG was a rotating ball suspended within a shell using electrical fields. Because there was no contact between materials, there was virtually no wear and tear. The drift of the device was small enough to be difficult to measure and test. The first commercial ESG was built in 1959.
The acquisition of Sperry Aerospace for $1.029 billion led to the integration of both flight control and navigation systems in the cockpit, which led to several years of double digit growth. The Boeing 777 widebody jet made in 1995 was manufactured with a suite of new avionics technology developed by Honeywell over four years by 1,200 engineers. By the end of the same year, 20 space and aviation programs had purchased the same set of new technologies.
Legal settlement.
Honeywell’s ring laser gyroscope (RLG) system was at the heart of a patent lawsuit regarding the special optical coatings applied to mirrors inside the inertial guidance system. In 1990 Litton Industries, who Honeywell had just won a $400,000 settlement from, sued Honeywell for $2 billion. The lawsuit was both for patent claims and alleged unfair business practices that led to Honeywell's monopolization of the RLG market. Later Litton increased the claim to $6 billion on the basis patent infringement was willfull. If successful, it would have been the largest patent victory in history. However, a jury only ruled in favor for $234 million in damages, which was overruled by a US District Court, saying the patent was unenforceable because it was an obvious combination of pre-existing technologies.
After 11 years of legal battles from 1990-2001, just before going to another round of appeals, the companies agreed to settle for $440 million to end the long dispute Honeywell called "time-consuming and distracting."
Space.
Honeywell Aerospace has been involved in most major space missions and projects. Some notable projects include:
In 1966 a young filmmaker, Stanley Kubrick, started developing the movie “.” Five Honeywell engineers were assigned to the project to create plausible fictional space technologies. Honeywell computers were also featured in “Modesty Blaise,” a 1966 movie, and in “The Billion Dollar Brain" in 1967.
-related business didn’t recover for Honeywell after the end of the space race until the 1990s. Honeywell was awarded a notable contract to provide controls to the International Space Station, a joint project of the Russian, European, Italian, Japanese, Canadian and US space agencies.
Honeywell also manufactures Manned Mobile Units (MMUs), commonly known as space suits. 
Honeywell’s space division is focused on three areas:
Turbine engines.
Military.
Honeywell's LV50 Integrated Turbine Power Pack Systems are used in ground-based military vehicles. AGT-1500s power the U.S. Army’s M1 Abrams tank series and was originally developed by Lycoming.
The Honeywell ITEC F124 series is used in military jets, such as the Aero L-159 Alca and the Alenia Aermacchi M-346. The Honeywell HTF700 series is used in the Bombardier Challenger 300 and the Gulfstream G280.
Aircraft.
The ALF502 and LF507 turbofans are produced by a partnership between Honeywell and China's state-owned Industrial Development Corporation. The partnership is called the International Turbine Engine Co. Honeywell also partners with General Electric Aircraft Engines in a company called CFE Corporation that develops the CFE738 series, a 6,000 pound thrust engine.
The TFE731 family of turbofan aircraft engines have accumulated nearly 90 million service hours in aircraft since 1972. There are more than 8,500 TFE engines in service on business aircraft. The TPE331 turbine engines were first developed in the 1960s, and have been installed in small aircraft conversions since the mid-1990s. Honeywell’s ATF3 turbofan engine is installed in Dassault Falcon 20 aircraft used by the US Coast Guard and the French Navy.
Helicopters.
The T800 turboshaft engine is a product of Light Helicopter Turbine Engine Co., a joint venture between Honeywell and Rolls Royce. The T800 is a new generation turboshaft engine developed for military helicopters, and is known as the CTS800 for commercial applications. The engine was primarily developed for the United States Army's RAH-66 Comanche armed reconnaissance helicopter, but has also found use in commercial applications.
Consumer.
The Honeywell WT6500 Wind Turbine is used for residential, commercial and agriculture electrical generation. The turbine is 170 pounds with a six-foot wide fan of magnet-tipped blades. In some states, almost 75 percent of the price of the $6,000 turbine is covered by government subsidies, which is expected to provide one-third of a household’s power.
Modern aerospace.
European SESAR Program.
Honeywell is a founding member of the European Sesar Joint Undertaking project to develop post-2020 air traffic technologies for Europe. Honeywell projects in the SESAR program include a four-dimensional (I4-D) trajectory planning system that incorporates time into 3-D route planning and coordinates flight plans to eliminate conflicts between flights. Another is a multi-constellation global navigation satellite system (GNSS) receiver that will combine multiple signals to improve reliability and accuracy for global positioning. Honeywell is also developing an airborne user interface for the European Space Agency’s IRIS satellite communications system. Additionally, Honeywell is developing the SmartTraffic airborne separation assistance system (ASAS), which detects when other aircraft are too close and suggests evasive maneuvers.
American NextGen Program.
In 2008 the FAA signed a $9 million agreement with Honeywell and Aviation Communications & Surveillance Systems (ACSS) to help test and install NextGen technology. In particular the FAA is pushing for Automatic Dependent Surveillance – Broadcast (ADS-B) - which broadcasts traffic and flight information to pilots and air traffic controllers.
The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) granted $6.5 billion in contracts over 10 years under a program called Systems Engineering 2020 (SE2020). Honeywell was a part of a $1.7 billion contract with Boeing and a $280 million contract with CSSI Inc., an engineering, IT and applied research firm.
Avionics.
Honeywell's Primus Electronic Flight Instrument System (EFIS) glass cockpits are installed in several aircraft, ranging from single-engine turboprop to larger regional jets.
Synthetic Vision.
By 2014, Honeywell is expected to be shipping a combined vision display (CVS) system called SmartView that overlays an enhanced vision system (EVS) onto a synthetic vision system (SVS). This gives the pilot a primary flight display that combines infrared, visual and sensor views into a single cockpit view comparable to an augmented reality view.
The system was prototyped in a lab in Phoenix, Ariz., and has been tested for 25 hours of flights using Cessna and Gulfstream aircraft as test beds. Planes equipped with augmented vision can execute a straight-in Category 1 precision approach at 100 feet (30 meters) above ground, while non-augmented instrumentation requires a 200 foot fly-in.
More than 100 Honeywell synthetic vision primary flight display (SV-PFD) systems have been installed in Gulfstream aircraft since the system was certified in 2008. However the combined vision display, dubbed SmartView, is still pending certification by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for its FAR 91.175 requirement. Honeywell was granted design approval for SmartPath by the FAA in 2009.
FAR 91.175 requires that a pilot decide 200 feet before landing if their ground visibility is good enough to land or whether to circle around for another try. Enhanced Vision Systems (EVS) allow them to hold off until 100–150 feet.
Runway safety.
Honeywell’s Runway Awareness and Advisory System (RAAS) was first approved by the FAA in 2004. The basic RAAS system issues audible alerts based on an aircraft’s position on the ground in respect to runways. SmartRunway and SmartLanding are added to RAAS to add audible and text alert to the horizontal situation indicator (HSI) to indicate problems like a poor landing configuration or coming in too fast. In 2009 the FAA approved the first GPS-based ground navigation service with Honeywell’s Smartpath Landing System. Honeywell engineers are also developing an airport maps application that will display the plane’s position on a runway map, show other traffic and highlight taxi route issues by air traffic control.
In early 2012 Honeywell engineer and Corporate Fellow Don Bateman was awarded the National Medal of Technology by President Barack Obama. Bateman is the inventor or co-inventor in more than 50 US and 90 foreign patents. His group has created safety systems that have become commonplace in aviation, such as the enhanced ground proximity warnings system (EGPWS), the runway awareness advisory system (RAAS), and the stable approach monitor. They’re also working on a wake turbulence encounter system as part of the NextGen initiative.
Auxiliary power units.
Auxiliary power units (APUs) are backup systems that deliver power to the engines, flight control and other avionics on an aircraft in the event the main power systems fail.
The Honeywell 131-9 APU was used in an emergency landing when U.S. Airways Flight 1549 splash landed in New York City’s Hudson River on January 15, 2009, called the Miracle on the Hudson. Both CFM56 turbofans were damaged and electrical generators went off line. The pilot told the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) that his first command after birds flew into the turbine engines was to activate the Honeywell APU.
The 131-9 was introduced in 1991. It’s standard equipment in Boeing 737NG aircraft and is in 60 percent of Airbus A320s. Newer versions are expected to be used in Comac 919 single-aisle jets, the Airbus A350 and the Bombardier CSeries narrow body line.
Aircraft brakes, wheels and black boxes.
Honeywell also manufactures aircraft wheel and brake systems as part of its aircraft landing system (ALS) business based in South Bend, Indiana. It produces brakes for the joint venture between General Electric and a Chinese state-owned company called Commercial Aircraft Corporation for the C919 plane.
The project is expected to deliver 4,700 planes to China over the next 20 years. Honeywell manufactures commercial aircraft cockpit data recorders, commonly known as a “black box.” In 2011 Honeywell black boxes were recovered from the infamous 2009 crash of Air France Flight 447, known as the worst air plane crash in history. The black boxes were held 13,000 feet below water for two years at 400 times normal atmospheric pressure. At that depth and pressure the wireless alarm of a black box is largely ineffective and the black box itself is only designed to withstand 1500 gs of pressure or depths of 20,000 feet for 30 days. Despite far exceeding the black box’s specifications, the data was recovered intact, showing the plane plummeted 38,000 feet in 3.5 minutes.
Patents.
Honeywell has numerous patents that relate to sensors and networks that monitor the operating condition of the plane. For example, the company has a patent for a system that measures the temperature of LED lights to determine when they are close to burning out.
Many patents have been filed related to the air traffic modernization movement. One patent covers a system of cameras where multiple cameras cover an “area of interest” and their images are processed to determine the position, direction and speed of objects in the image. A patented algorithm determines if planes will fly too close to each other at some point in their trajectory with fewer computational resources and a patented voice command system determines the phase of flight that a plane is in to determine probable voice commands and help interpret intended commands.
Honeywell also owns many patents that relate to aircraft components. A special and complex composition that prevents frost formation on windshields is patented. Honeywell has patents for turbine engines related to airflow, cooling and turbochargers and a patented secondary fuel system that’s used to warm up the plane.

</doc>
<doc id="20259887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259887" title="Gagetown Ferry">
Gagetown Ferry

The Gagetown Ferry is a cable ferry in the Canadian province of New Brunswick. The ferry crosses the Saint John River, linking Gagetown on the west bank with Lower Jemseg on the east bank.
The crossing is in length, takes 5 minutes, and is free of tolls. The ferry carries up to 12 cars at a time, and operates 24 hours a day all year. It is operated by the New Brunswick Department of Transportation.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="20259889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259889" title="Jordan-Matthews High School">
Jordan-Matthews High School

Jordan-Matthews High School is found in Siler City, North Carolina. This high school is a 2-A classification with about 800 students and 60 staff members. It is often referred to as J-M. Its county rivals include Chatham Central High School (Bear Creek, NC), and Northwood High School (Pittsboro, NC).
In 2012, U.S. News ranked Jordan-Matthews as the 4th best high school in the state of North Carolina.
The ABC’s accountability program designated Jordan-Matthews as a “School of Progress, Expected Growth” in 2005−06. In the 2006−07 school year, the school received a “Priority School, High Growth” ranking. These rankings show how the school is doing compared to state standards and average test scores.
Basic Information.
The school team is the Jordan-Matthews Jets. The team was originally the Blue Phantoms, but changed when the schools were integrated in 1968−69 to avoid controversy over the resemblance to the KKK. The school's colors are royal blue and gold.
The school offers a block style schedule which allows students to take eight classes a year. A wide variety of AP classes and career development classes are offered here. Jordan-Matthews also has a newly created school newspaper, "The Aviator".
In 2009 Us News and World Report assigned JM a Silver Medal as one of the best high schools in America.
Sports and clubs are popular activities at the school. Some clubs such as DECA, FBLA, and HOSA compete at district, state, and national levels. In the past, sports such as women’s tennis, golf, and men’s basketball and soccer have won state championships. The book "A Home on the Field", was written by the Jordan-Matthews soccer coach, Paul Cuadros. The book is about the challenges faced by many of the Hispanic immigrants to Siler City, and how this high school soccer team changed things around.
Student population.
Chatham County, where the school is located, has experienced an influx of Hispanics over the last ten to fifteen years. The number of Hispanic children enrolled in school has increased by 598% from 1990 to 1998. In the 2010−11 school year, of the 732 students, 42% were Hispanic, 36% were White, 21% were Black, and less than 1% were American Indian or Asian.
Faculty/Staff.
Of the 60 staff members, 48 are white, 9 are black, and 3 are Hispanic. Ninety percent of the teachers are fully licensed. The current principal is Martin McDonald. The current vice-principals are Illeana Herrera and Kewanda Merritt. The previous vice-principal, Eliu Guzman, was the first Hispanic Vice Principal in the history of Chatham County since the county was formed in 1757.
Athletics.
The Wells Fargo Cup is awarded to a school in each conference that exhibits an outstanding athletic program. Points are awarded for 1st, 2nd, or 3rd in each sport. JM has just been awarded their 5th cup in a row in 2012. In addition, there is a sportsmanship award that is voted on by the coaches of each sport. In the past, no school had ever won both awards the same year. This is the third year of the last four that JM has won both. This is a testament to JM's skills and how they exhibit them.
Boys Varsity Basketball: Head Coach, PJ Lowman
Girls Varsity Basketball: Head Coach, Jeff Stutts
Junior Varsity Boys Basketball: Head Coach, Chris Eaves
Varsity Football: Head Coach, Marty Scotten
Junior Varsity Football: Head Coach,
Varsity Baseball: Head Coach, Chuck Overman
Junior Varsity Baseball: Head Coach, Ray Scott
Softball: Head Coach, Ray Stout
Boys Varsity Soccer: Head Coach, Paul Cuadros
Girls Varsity Soccer: Head Coach, Dr. Fred Jihad
Athletic facilities.
Frank N. Justice Gymnasium- Has a small/unique style and known for a pumped atmosphere, recently renovated, Home to Basketball teams
Jimmy Warford Field- Brand new scoreboard put up in 2010, College/Major league field dimensions, Home to Baseball teams
Phil E. Senter Stadium- Field is well kept, directly behind the school, Brand new scoreboard put up in 2011, Home to Football, Soccer, and Track teams.
6 Tennis Courts- Home to Boys and Girls Tennis
Jets Softball Field- Behind Phil Senter Stadium's Concessions/Locker Rooms, Home to Softball
Football.
The Jordan-Matthews Jets, are members of NCHSAA Division 2-A and The 2-A Mid-State Conference. Under head coach Marty Scotten, the Jets have been a football powerhouse throughout the last couple of years, making claim to 3 straight 10+ wins seasons. In recent years, The Jets have consistently been ranked in many local and state media polls making them a team to watch. The football team is regarded as one of the centerpieces of their conference which in that list are included Cummings High School and Reidsville High School. Jordan-Matthews is in its 2nd year as being a part of the Mid-State 2A conference and they've continued their huge success that they had while playing as 1A.
2006 Season.
Schedule
2007 Season.
Schedule

</doc>
<doc id="20259890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259890" title="Dero Goi">
Dero Goi

Dero Goi (born April 16, 1970), is a German musician, poet, and writer. He was born in Wolfsburg, Germany. He is most well known as the co-founder, drummer, and singer of the neue deutsche härte band Oomph!.
Biography.
Dero Goi was born in Wolfsburg on 16. April. 1970. He also grew up in Wolfsburg, Lower Saxony with his current bandmate Crap. They lived in the same tenement housing department and both started playing music in grade school. They built "instruments" with Persilpacks. Dero and Crap met Flux at an Industrial Festival. They found out that they liked the same kind of music and wanted to start a band, which would combine the Rock and the Electro scene. Thus OOMPH! was born. On their first tour they were just those three, and played the music playback, except Dero, who sang. Tobi, their first live bassist, who was exchanged for Hagen Godicke in 2004.
Dero was introduced to music through his father, who was a guitarist and singer. Dero was "forced" to sing Elvis Presley songs with his father.
When asked how Oomph! came up with their name, Dero said that the name was chosen because of its peculiarity.
"Because it was so strange to see that the name like that is existing. You know, with the two "o"s and the exclamation mark at the end. It was strange, you know, the visual aspect and pronunciation. And, you know, it’s always good to have a name where somebody is like "What was that?" You know, if your band name is like, I dunno, 'Toilet 2, 3, 4' it's, it's, I dunno... Your name has to be special. And this is a special name, definitely."
Sometime in 2008, Dero was visiting New York with Chris Wolff when they were caught urinating in public. During their night in jail, they were allowed by prison guards to engage in an open-vocal session, where they sang famous rock songs in a jazz-like fashion. A cellmate named Bill stayed away from the sessions, even though he had previously been confirmed to play the metallophone-part in Metallica's "Enter Sandman". Because of this, they chose to use his name in this new group called What About Bill?.
Influences.
Dero noted several bands and artists that he listens to in an interview with the website Deutschmusikland, including Frank Sinatra, Tool, Elvis Presley, Korn, and Nine Inch Nails. Other bands Dero has been influenced by include The Cure, Killing Joke, AC/DC, Motörhead, Depeche Mode, The Beatles, and ABBA. The members of Oomph! listen to and have been influenced by a variety of artists, including The Cure, Depeche Mode, Nine Inch Nails, AC/DC, Garbage, Motörhead, and Korn .
Appearance.
Goi has dark brown hair, hazel eyes, and is of medium height. He has two visible facial piercings; a nose ring and a labret. He also has tattoo sleeves on both upper arms that flow onto his chest. In 1995 he sported a shaved head with two streaks of hair down the middle. When his hair grew to a fairer length in 1999 he began to bring it into a spiking fashion and in 2004, he began wearing eye liner on a regular basis. In the trios new album, Des Wahnsinns Fette Beute (Fat Booty Of Madness), Dero has flat hair with a new touch. As a result of them being seen in their music video, "Zwei Schritte Vor," Dero does not have spiked hair anymore.

</doc>
<doc id="20259897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259897" title="SuperCPU">
SuperCPU

The SuperCPU was developed by Creative Micro Designs, Inc and released in 1996. It is a processor upgrade for the and personal computer platforms. The SuperCPU uses the W65C816S microprocessor. The unit can have up to installed. The unit sported a "Turbo" switch which, when enabled, clocked a or up to The unit plugs into the expansion port of the computer. The unit uses and shadow ROM in of RAM. Internal ROM was . Using the RamCard (SuperCard), Fast page (FPM) not EDO memory modules with PS/2-SIMM socket can be used in the capacities of 1, 4, 8 or 16 MB.
The card is no longer sold by Creative Micro Designs since 2001, the distribution was taken over from 2001 to 2009 by the U.S. company but it's unclear after 2001 if more copies were produced.

</doc>
<doc id="20259905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259905" title="Hoti">
Hoti

Hoti may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20259922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259922" title="Lucius Caesonius Ovinius Manlius Rufinianus Bassus">
Lucius Caesonius Ovinius Manlius Rufinianus Bassus

Lucius Caesonius Ovinius Manlius Rufinianus Bassus (c. AD 227 – c. AD 300) was a Roman military officer and senator who was appointed suffect consul twice, in around AD 260 and 284.
Biography.
Rufinianus Bassus was the son of Lucius Caesonius Lucillus Macer Rufinianus and a member of the third century Patrician "gens Caesonia". Although Bassus had a lengthy and illustrious career, most of the posts he held are not easily dateable. It is conjectured that his career began around AD 240-245, either in the reign of Gordian III or Philip the Arab, with his posting as a "Triumvir capitalis" (prison manager), and this was followed with his posting as "sevir turmae deducendae" (commander of one of the six squadrons of equites, who had the responsibility for organizing and financially running the city’s games). He was then the imperial candidate for the posts of Quaestor and Praetor.
His propraetorial career was relatively brief, with firstly an appointment as "curator rei publicae" of the town of Beneventum, followed by the curatorship of the town of Lavinium. Both these posts were probably occupied sometime during the 250s. Then in around AD 260, Rufinianus Bassus was chosen as "consul suffectus", and by this time he had survived the many imperial crises which had plagued Rome throughout the early 250s.
Rufinianus Bassus’ proconsular career began with his appointment as "Curator Albei Tiberis et cluacarum sacrae urbis" (the official responsible for maintaining Rome’s sewers), a position which both his father and grandfather had held before him. This was probably followed by his being chosen to be "Legatus proconsulis Africae dioeceseos Carthaginiensis" (or the deputy governor of the province of Africa responsible for the area around Roman Carthage). This was followed by (or perhaps was held at the same time) his appointment as Curator of Colonia Carthaginensium.
Next was his appointment as Proconsular governor of Africa, which Rufinianus Bassus held possibly around AD 275. An inscription mentions that the African posts were held for three years, but it is unclear whether he was proconsular governor for three years, or whether his three African posts together amounted to three years. Given that the holding of this office for more than one year was extremely rare, it seems likely that he held the governorship for a single year only. Then between 276 and 282 he was appointed by the emperor Probus as "presidendum iudicio magno" (probably the magistrate presiding over a court of appeal at Rome). Next, probably at some point during the same period, Probus appointed him a judge, acting on behalf of the emperor in hearing cases concerning the money owed to the imperial treasury, as well as financial cases between private individuals, firstly in Rome (c. AD 276-281), and later in Africa (c. AD 281-282) - "judex sacrarum cognitionum vice caesaris sine appellationem cognoscendi inter fiscum et privatus, item inter privatos Roma et in provincia Africa".
Possibly during the reigns of Carinus and Numerian, Rufinianus Bassus was made a "comes Augustorum", or companion, of the emperors (c. 284). Then in late AD 284, he was made suffect consul for a second time. This was most unusual, as since the early second century, all second consulships were ordinary consulships. However, since virtually all of the "consules ordinarii" between AD 283 and 285 were held by the emperors themselves, this left no room for any non-imperial candidates, which may account for this unusual situation. Then probably in the middle of AD 285, Rufinianus Bassus was appointed "Praefectus urbi" of Rome, possibly replacing another Urban Prefect partway through his term.
During his career, Rufinianus Bassus was made "Salius Palatinus", followed by pontifex to Sol Invictus, and finally, "Pontifex Maior". He also carried out one further role which cannot be defined or dated with any certainty. Labelled "pr[. . .]ones tracto Piceno", it has been conjectured that it may have been "praefectus annones" (responsible for the corn crop), "praefectus adversus latrones" (against brigands), or even "praefectus ad tirones (to select recruits)".
Rufinianus Bassus was probably the father of Caesonius Bassus, who was consul in AD 317. It has also been speculated that he had a daughter who married Amnius Anicius Julianus, consul in AD 322.

</doc>
<doc id="20259924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259924" title="Dave Lamb">
Dave Lamb

Dave Lamb (born 17 January 1969) is a British actor, presenter, comedian and voice-over artist best known for his work on "Come Dine with Me" as well as appearances in British television and radio programmes, especially comedy programmes. He also currently presents the CBBC game show "".
Early work.
Lamb's first noted credit was in the 1998 British sitcom "How Do You Want Me?" He played a homophobic tramp called Buster. His first notable appearances were in the British Indian sketch show "Goodness Gracious Me", being the only recurring white male in the cast. Throughout the 1990s and early 2000s he also appeared in comedy programmes such as "People Like Us", "Hippies", "Armstrong and Miller", "The Smoking Room" and "Fun at the Funeral Parlour" as well as having a brief role in a couple of episodes of "EastEnders". He also made a brief appearance in "DIY SOS".
Voice-over work.
Dave Lamb was one of the main voice-over artists on satirical cartoon "2DTV" alongside Jan Ravens and Jon Culshaw, but he gained cult status through his sarcastic voice-overs on dinner party show "Come Dine With Me" which began in 2005 with original host Jeremy Beadle. In an interview he claimed that in the first series he did do quite a lot of ad-libbing but that the show's writers now know how to write for his voice. He also stated that he would never take part in a celebrity edition as he wasn't famous enough to participate.
In 2008, Lamb provided a voice for Lionhead Studios' Fable II and again in 2010 for Fable III.
In 2011 for the "Big Brother 2011" Come Dine With Me task, Lamb took over from usual narrator Marcus Bentley for the feature, the first time that anyone other than Bentley had provided a voice-over for the show.
He starred in a voice-over part for a character on the MMORPG "" (2011)
He also narrates "Come Dine With Me (Ireland)" and "Come Dine With Me South Africa" and provides the voice-over on the CBeebies animation series "Big Barn Farm". He narrated a special section of "Blue Peter" on the 25th of October 2011. The section was a spoof of "Come Dine With Me" at a zoo where the guests were animals.
In May 2012, Dave did a voice over for UK band Jackdaw4 Jackdaw4 Pledge to promote their pledge campaign to record their 4th CD.
In November 2013, Dave provided a voice over for Bedford Modern School's production of "The Only Way", a play commemorating 10 years of co-education.
Recent TV appearances.
Lamb has had two main-cast roles in television sitcoms, firstly as producer Des in "The Life and Times of Vivienne Vyle" (broadcast October 2007) and then in early 2008 he played put-upon television writer Carl Morris in ITV's "Moving Wallpaper".
He also played Sergeant Foster in two episodes of "Only Fools and Horses" prequel "Rock & Chips", including the special shown on BBC One on New Year's Day 2011.
He now co-presents a CBBC show "" and was a regular on the first series of "Alexander Armstrong's Big Ask". In 2009, he appeared in "Miranda", in the episode in which Miranda pretends to go to Thailand.
Radio.
Lamb was a member of radio comedy troupe The Cheese Shop and has also featured on radio recording three series of "The Bigger Issues" as well as featuring on "15 Minute Musical", "The Alan Davies Show", "ElvenQuest", "No Future in Eternity", "The Big Town All Stars", "The Very World of Milton Jones", "Artists" and "The Way It Is". He has also recorded two series of a radio drama entitled "London, Europe" for Radio 4, which he also wrote.
Radio 4 aired his sitcom, "Hobby Bobbies" during Summer 2013.
Stage work.
Lamb made his stage debut alongside Russ Abbot and Eric Sykes in 2003 in a production of Ray Cooney's "Caught In The Net" at the Vaudeville Theatre.
Personal life.
Lamb lives in Sussex and is a regular at the Dripping Pan, home of Lewes F.C.. He is a shareholder of the club.
He attended The Broxbourne School in Hertfordshire, and studied philosophy and literature at the University of Warwick, Coventry.

</doc>
<doc id="20259929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259929" title="Shadow Force">
Shadow Force

Shadow Force is a History Channel television show which premiered Friday, November 7, 2008 and is about a team of real-life mercenaries doing contracts given to them by the countries of Liberia, Kenya, and the Congo. The team consists mostly of ex-Special Forces from various countries.
Episodes.
New episodes aired every Friday at 10pm/9c on the History Channel. All episodes have now aired.
Deep Water.
"Aired on November 14, 2008"
The team consisted of Cobus Claassens, Bob Parr, Laura Engelbrecht, sLiM, and two fishing officials. The missions objective was to stop illegal fishing on the coast of Liberia. Before heading out to look for ships performing illegal activities, the team performs various boarding practices. While searching for ships illegally fishing, the team runs out of water so Cobus goes to a U.N. base asking for water. At first, the U.N. officials don't want to give him water. After a while, they agree to but the truck with the water broke down. Cobus is forced to get back on the hunt and use beer as a replacement for water. They find a vessel carrying out an illegal fishing operation late at night. Cobus, sLiM, and Bob board the ship without any weapons. Fortunately, the captain is cooperative and does as instructed.
Ivory Tracker.
"Aired on November 21, 2008"
The team consisted of Bob Parr, sLiM, and Ralph. The missions objective was to supply LEWA security personnel with technology that will allow them to track illegal/poached elephant tusks and rhinoceros horns. The team first meets with LEWA's Head of Security and some other people to research their current techniques and technologies. After a bit of talking, Bob calls in a friend of his that's an expert in tracking and electronics (Ralph). Afterwards, they do a test with the current technology used. They prove it to be highly dangerous. Ralph then introduces his equipment to Bob Parr and LEWA's Head of Security. They make a trap: Ralph places a movement-sensitive camera (starts recording whenever it senses movement) in a hidden location, he places a fake Rhino horn with a tracker inside it. LEWA's H.o.S. then sends a trusted man of his to pick it up. Ralph, and the team, track the horn and prove to LEWA's H.o.S. that the technology works, is accurate and reliable. Late at night, they do a practice raid to retake the fake Rhino horn, which goes as planned.
Black Gold.
"Aired on November 28, 2008"
The team consisted of Bob Parr, sLiM, and Laura Engelbrecht. The missions objective was to aid ICCN Park Rangers in stopping rebel forces hiding in the jungle from cutting down trees to produce charcoal. Bob, sLiM, and Laura head out to ICCN Headquarters to meet the ICCN Director and the Park Rangers. They are told that it is extremely dangerous to enter the jungle, the rebel forces consist of an estimated 10,000 members and are responsible for over 800,000 deaths, the illegal cutting down of trees reduces habitat for the endangered Mountain Gorilla, and the charcoal cut down from this forest produces $30,000,000 USD for the rebel forces yearly. They are also informed that the ICCN has two roadblocks. Bob and sLiM then head out to one of the road blocks to observe their current method. Bob and sLiM notice that the roadblock is way too close to a village and could endanger the lives of innocent bystanders if there is a shootout between the rebel forces and the ICCN Park Rangers. They also notice that there is virtually nothing, except the Park Rangers, stopping the trucks and cars from passing through. One of the Park Rangers is asked about the location and why it was chosen, he said because it was close to headquarters. At night, Bob observes the roadblock with an infrared camera since it is pitch black. He sees several problems with the roadblock at night, the most dangerous one is that the ICCN Park Rangers have very little visibility at night. The next day, Bob and sLiM first go with ICCN Park Rangers to observe what they do once a kiln is found. Bob and Slim then ask the ICCN if they could go into the jungle. At first, the ICCN doesn't want to because it is extremely dangerous but after some time, they agree to with the condition that Bob, sLiM, and Laura are at the end. A kiln is eventually found. In the process, Bob noticed that the rangers make too much noise which could alert the rebel forces and that the troops don't take as much precaution as they should.
The next day, Laura, Bob, and Slim head to a nearby town to buy supplies for a new roadblock within the boundaries of the park that give the ICCN Park Rangers legal authority. They then head to the location and setup the equipment. In the process, the Congo Army shows and orders them to shut down. They do and briefly after Laura calls up their General and they are now back to work. After some time, a car speeds through their roadblock but doesn't make it far because the wire stopped it. The driver is questioned but says that he got scared when he saw men with guns. Although he was not a charcoal transporter, it proved that the roadblock worked perfectly.
Ghost Ship.
"Aired on December 5, 2008"
The team consisted of Bob Parr, sLiM, Cobus Claassens, and Laura Engelbrecht. The mission objective was to intercept and determine the nature and intentions of the Takamar 6, a mysterious fishing trawler that had been anchored just off shore of the U.S. Embassy in Liberia. The United States and Liberian governments were growing increasingly concerned as to the Takamar's intentions due to the expected arrival of United States President George W. Bush in the coming weeks. Without a formal Navy or assets to do an official maritime intercept, the Liberian government called on Cobus, Slim, Laura and Bob off of their fishing vessel piracy missions to deal with the threatening nature of the Takamar 6. The team immediately mobilizes to begin surveillance of the Takamar 6 by utilizing a local contact to get them into position on the rooftop of an abandoned hotel that was reportedly guarded by Nigerian Army officials due to abandoned hotels being hotspots for drug trafficking and other criminal activity. Upon arrival at the hotel, Slim uses the FLIR device to determine that there are several individuals around the hotel that do not look like Nigerian Army officials. But after Cobus confirms with his local contact that the spot is legitimate, the team manages to meet up with a Nigerian soldier who agrees to get them to the rooftop of the abandoned hotel so that they can get a good view of the Liberian coastline. Upon their rooftop arrival, Cobus confirms that the Takamar 6 is anchored offshore and the FLIR picks up the heat signature that proves that there is activity on board. The team formulates a plan to do a surveillance mission out in the waters near the Takamar 6, but once out to sea, they realize that the Takamar 6 has mysteriously and conveniently disappeared leading Cobus to believe that their mission may have been leaked by someone on the inside.
The next evening, the team heads south of Monrovia to a river mouth known for local fisherman to try to enlist the help of locals to spot the Takamar 6. After some contact with the locals and earning their trust, they inform Cobus that there has indeed been a strange vessel moving up and down the shorelines. Two days later Cobus receives a call that a local has spotted what appears to be the Takamar 6 near the port of Buchanan. The team immediately mobilizes in their rigid inflatable boat, intercepts and boards the Takamar 6 to find a very uncooperative Captain who does not follow Cobus's orders to return the ship to port. Finally, after Cobus's firm conveyance that he was to steer the Takamar 6 to the port of Buchanan, the Captain followed orders and took the boat to the port, where Liberian authorities were waiting to arrest the Captain and crew.
Dark Zone.
"Aired on December 12, 2008"
"The team helps combat tribal wars while in Kenya"(TV Rage).
Gorilla War.
"Aired on December 19, 2008"
"The team heads to the Congo to assist the park rangers in a battle against gorilla poachers by using new technology which can track the gorilla population, and how call for help when a poacher is encountered." (TV Rage)
Last Chance.
"Aired on December 26, 2008"
"While in the Congo, the team will assist a unit of the Congolese Army, to help keep a refugee camp safe from rebel attacks." (TV Rage)

</doc>
<doc id="20259942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259942" title="SitePoint">
SitePoint

SitePoint Pty Ltd is a Melbourne, Australia-based publisher of books and articles for web developers, covering topics such as PHP, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, mobile web and Ruby. 
History.
SitePoint was founded by Matt Mickiewicz and Mark Harbottle in 1999. In 2001 SitePoint began publishing books.
Websites.
SitePoint's flagship website is sitepoint.com, which as of January 2014, has an Alexa ranking of 889, and a Quantcast rating of 14,934. SitePoint was the original creator of 99designs, a crowdsourcing logo design service where, as of December 2008, over 20,000 graphic designers create designs for free and compete for prize money.
SitePoint previously operated an auction-based service for buying and selling websites on sitepoint.com,
which was launched in 2005.
In July 2007, TechCrunch acquired InviteShare.com through the SitePoint Marketplace.
In June 2009, the SitePoint Marketplace officially moved to Flippa.com. The two companies now operate as sister companies.
In July 2011, SitePoint launched its mobile web development consultancy, www.wavedigital.com.au which had previously been operating as SitePoint Solutions. Projects have included development of mobile applications for VicRoads and others.
In 2010 SitePoint announced the launch of Learnable, an online learning platform for web developers.
SitePoint's first outside investment came in 2011, as they announced a $35 million investment in 99designs led by venture capital firm Accel Partners.
Organizational culture.
SitePoint offers performance bonuses and an annual trip to employees. The company is well-known within Melbourne for its participation in local startup and web development events. 

</doc>
<doc id="20259945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259945" title="Friedrich Knauer (chemist)">
Friedrich Knauer (chemist)

Friedrich Wilhelm Karl Knauer (born 1897, date of death unknown) was a German physical chemist. During World War II, he worked on the German nuclear energy project, also known as the Uranium Club.
Education.
From 1918 to 1924, Knauer studied at the "Georg-August-Universität Göttingen" and the "Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Universität Hannover". He received his doctorate in engineering in 1923 at "Hannover"; he was a student of Beckmann and W. Kohlrausch.
Career.
No later than 1933, he completed his Habilitation, and he became a Privatdozent at the "Universität Hamburg". In 1939, he became an assistant in the department of physical chemistry and then a supernumerary professor ("nichtplanmäßiger Professor") there.
During World War II, as yearly as 1940, he was a member of Paul Harteck’s group at the University of Hamburg. He did research on neutron diffusion and capture in uranium for the German nuclear energy project, also known as the "Uranverein".
Internal Reports.
The following report was published in "Kernphysikalische Forschungsberichte" ("Research Reports in Nuclear Physics"), an internal publication of the German "Uranverein". The reports were classified Top Secret, they had very limited distribution, and the authors were not allowed to keep copies. The reports were confiscated under the Allied Operation Alsos and sent to the United States Atomic Energy Commission for evaluation. In 1971, the reports were declassified and returned to Germany. The reports are available at the Karlsruhe Nuclear Research Center and the American Institute of Physics.

</doc>
<doc id="20259977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259977" title="Papyrus 111">
Papyrus 111

Papyrus 111 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_1111, is a copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of Luke. The surviving texts of Luke are verses 17:11-13; 17:22-23, they are in a fragmentary condition. 
Description.
The manuscript paleographically had been assigned by INTF to the 3rd century. According to Comfort first half of the 3rd century.
The nomina sacra are written in an abbreviated way.
The manuscript is currently housed at the Sackler Library (Papyrology Rooms, P. Oxy. 4495) at Oxford.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. It shows agreement with formula_175.
At Luke 17:12, it has a textual variant: 
At Luke 17:22, it has a variant: 

</doc>
<doc id="20259978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259978" title="Bardepur">
Bardepur

Bardepur (बरदेपुर ) is a small village on National Highway 105 (Darbhanga to Jaynagar) in India. Geographically, it is surrounded by a small seasonal stream that is considered by the locals to be a source of the Jeevachh river.
Politically, it is under Pursoulia Gram Panchayat of Kaluahi Block in Madhubani District of Bihar.
Sociologically, this village has special significance as Hindu and Muslim families here have lived together harmoniously for generations. A few Hindu castes living here are Brahmin, Yadav, Musahar, Chamar, Halwai, Dhobi and Koiri.
Name.
The first part of this village's name is "barde" or "varde". This is believed to refer to a cattle market which was once organised on the bank of the Jeevachh river. For this reason the place was termed "Baradaha," a twisted form of the word "Baradahaat". Thus it has taken its first part 'Barde'.
Some villagers have changed the meaning of the name by replacing 'B' with 'V'. The new name beginning with 'V' means "village of knowledge", from varade or "Varadaa", a word synonymous with the goddess of knowledge and art Saraswati.
The last syllable is pur which is a Sanskrit word for village or town.
History.
Little is known about the origin of Bardepur. The name suggests that it was once a place for a cattle market. However, this is speculation. No written document nor any authentic sources are available to verify this account of its name. This theory for its name is supported by locals, however, as some natives are still engaged in cattle selling. They are considered the best in their job, as it seems that they are innately gifted with these qualities.
The village can trace back its history to the Mughal period, when an assessment of land-revenue under the ministry of Todar Mal was made. Bardepur was deemed a TOLE (टोल), a part of Gram panchayat. The village was then under बछौर परगना.
Maithil Brahmin follow a tradition of recording their name at Saurath Sabha on their marriage, as well as written background such as their forefather's native place (मूल), clan (गोत्र) and any irregularities in their lineage. Using this information, Bardepur can be traced back to the 14th century A.D., when Saurath Sabha came into existence.
Geography.
The village lies on a plain. Agricultural fields are irrigated from a small creek, an origin point of the Jeevachh, one of the famous rivers in the Madhubani district.
Kosi canals flow westward through this village, crossing National Highway 105 (Darbhanga-Jaynagar).
Water is plentiful, however, agricultural production is minimal due to atmospheric pollution generated by kilns. Land pollution and depletion of the topsoil are also major causes of the drop in crop yields.
Main crops are rice and wheat, but rabi, kharif and pulses are also produced.
Farming is practised under the Bantaai (बंटाई) system. Mango orchards are also plentiful.
Demography.
According to the census of 2001, the population of this village is approximately 2000. In the 2009 parliamentary election, there were 1600 voters.

</doc>
<doc id="20259987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20259987" title="S-charl">
S-charl

S-charl is a village in the municipality of Scuol, located in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. The village lies in the Engadin region, at 1,810 metres in the "Val S-charl" south of Scuol, in the Sesvenna Range (Swiss Alps).

</doc>
<doc id="20260013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260013" title="Henri-Georges Clouzot filmography">
Henri-Georges Clouzot filmography

Henri-Georges Clouzot is an award-winning French film director, writer and producer. He has contributed to many projects as either the writer, director, producer, or a combination of the three.
His first feature film was the 1942 mystery "The Murderer Lives at Number 21" (), which featured Clouzot as both screenwriter and director. After the release of "The Raven" (), Clouzot found himself barred from making movies until 1947. In early and mid-'50s that Clouzot became embraced by international critics and audiences, with the releases of "The Wages of Fear" () in 1953 and "Diabolique" ()".
Clouzot's later work was held back due to his declining health, which made it necessary to abandon his production of "L'Enfer". He released his final film "La Prisonnière" in 1966. "L'Enfers script was filmed by Claude Chabrol in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20260015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260015" title="Etherington (Sussex cricketer)">
Etherington (Sussex cricketer)

Etherington (first name and details unknown) was an English cricketer who played for Sussex.
Etherington made a single first-class appearance, in 1830, against Surrey. From the tailend, he scored 4 runs in the first innings in which he batted, and a duck in the second.
He took one wicket with the ball.

</doc>
<doc id="20260016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260016" title="List of largest monoliths in the world">
List of largest monoliths in the world

This is a list of monoliths organized according to the size of the largest block of stone on the site. A monolith is a large stone which has been used to build a structure or monument, either alone or together with other stones. In this list at least one colossal stone over ten tons has been moved to create the structure or monument. 
In most cases the ancient civilizations had little, if any, advanced technology that would help the moving of these monoliths. The most notable exception is that of the ancient Greeks and Romans who had cranes and treadwheels to help lift colossal stones (see List of ancient monoliths).
Documented in recent times, there is a list of efforts to move colossal stones that used technology that wasn't more advanced than the technology the ancient civilizations used.
Most of these weights are based on estimates by published scholars; however, there have been numerous false estimates of many of these stones presented as facts. To help recognize exaggerations, an introductory description shows how to calculate the weight of colossal stones by calculating volume and density.
Calculating the weight of monoliths.
In the cases of the smaller monoliths it may be possible to weigh them. However in most cases the monoliths were too large or they may have been part of an ancient structure so this method could not be used. The weight of a stone can be calculated by multiplying its volume and density. The density of most stones is between two and three tons per cubic meter. The average weight of granite is about 2.75 metric tons per cubic meter, limestone 2.3 metric tons per cubic meter, sandstone or marble 2.5 tons per cubic meter. Some softer stones may be lighter than 2 tons per cubic meter like volcanic tuff or basalt which weighs about 1.9 tons per cubic meter. Since the density of most of these stones fluctuates it is necessary to know the source for the stone and volume to obtain accurate measurements.
Rock density.
The discussion above is accurate as far as it goes, which is only to the first significant figure. To go any further one needs to be relatively sophisticated about surveying the monolith (including realistic and explicit assessment of the shapes of inaccessible portions of the monolith), then about calculating the volume (and volumetric errors, which vary crudely as the cube of linear uncertainties). Finally and crucially the rock density needs to be measured with appropriate precision. Identifying the rock type is not going to be sufficient as this table (from) illustrates:
Simply identifying the monolith as being "sandstone" would allow a reasonable ± 15% uncertainty in the weight estimate.
In practice, one would measure the density of the monolith itself, and preferably document any variation in density within the monolith as they are made of natural materials, which have not been engineered for homogeneous parameters. Non-destructive methods of density measurements are available (e.g. electron back-scatter); alternatively the site may contain already-separated fragments of the monolith which can be used for laboratory measurements or on-site techniques. At the crudest, a weighing device and a bucket can obtain two significant figures for a density value.
Quarried monoliths.
This list includes only quarried, but not moved monoliths.
Moved monoliths.
This list includes only quarried and moved monoliths.
Lifted monoliths.
These lists include only quarried, moved and lifted monoliths.
Erected in upright position.
Monoliths known or assumed to have been lifted by cranes into an upright position:
Lifted clear off the ground.
Monoliths known or assumed to have been lifted clear off the ground by cranes into their position:
List of efforts to move and install stones.
These are listed with the largest experiments first; for additional details of most experiments see related pages.

</doc>
<doc id="20260018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260018" title="Lucius Turranius Venustus Gratianus">
Lucius Turranius Venustus Gratianus

Lucius Turranius Venustus Gratianus was a Roman Praetor ca 300. He was the son of Lucius Turranius Gratianus (ca 240 - aft. 291) and wife Venusta, and possibly the paternal grandson of Lucius Turranius Gratianus Crispinus Lucilianus (b. 215).
He married and was the possibly the father of Lucius Turranius Honoratus (b. ca 300), who married Aurelia Jovina and possibly had Turrenia Honorata (or Turrania) (b. ca 325), married before 345 to Anicius Auchenius Bassus (praefectus urbi of Rome in 382-383), and had issue.

</doc>
<doc id="20260035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260035" title="Ken Block (disambiguation)">
Ken Block (disambiguation)

Ken Block may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20260037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260037" title="Copyright status of work by the Florida government">
Copyright status of work by the Florida government

Under Florida's Constitution and its statutes, the state and its agents are not permitted to claim copyright on its public records unless the legislature specifically permits it. This includes a work made or received pursuant to law or ordinance or in connection with the transaction of official business by any state, regional, county, district, municipal, or other unit of government and their associated committees and divisions created or established by the laws of the Government of Florida. Text, communications, and images produced by the government of Florida and any county, region, district, authority, agency, or municipal officer, department, division, board, committee, bureau, commission, or other separate unit of government created or established by law are consequently in the public domain according to court interpretation in "Microdecisions, Inc. v. Skinner".
The bar on copyright extends to any "public record made or received in connection with the official business of any public body, officer, or employee of the state, or persons acting on their behalf, except with respect to "records exempted" by statute or specifically made exempt or confidential by the Constitution. specifically includes the legislative, executive, and judicial branches of government and each agency or department created thereunder; counties, municipalities, and districts; and each constitutional officer, board, and commission, or entity created pursuant to law or [the Florida Constitution."
There are various categories of works for which the legislature has specifically permitted copyright to be claimed, mostly for a few applications or development processes wherein the state derives income and while competing with private industries in the commercial realm, such as allowing the department of the lottery, the department of citrus, and some university research departments to secure copyrights for certain works that are expressly defined and narrowly limited. The list of valid exemptions is culled regularly via a sunset policy to exclude items put on the list by error or via legislation passed within a recent session that does not conform to the laws. The state is attempting to streamline its exemptions and the current status of works claiming exemption must be verified as conforming to the laws before being presumed to be copyright since copyright may be claimed in error for things that remain a public record nonetheless.

</doc>
<doc id="20260055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260055" title="Gloria Skurzynski">
Gloria Skurzynski

Gloria Joan Skurzynski (born July 6, 1930) is an American writer of books for young people, including both fiction and non-fiction.
She was born in Duquesne, Pennsylvania and educated at Carlow University. She is the author of more than sixty books for young readers.
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2007. PEN (Permanent Entry Number): 0000091922.

</doc>
<doc id="20260062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260062" title="SLAMD Server">
SLAMD Server

A SLAMD Server is a server supported by an application server that services SLAMD clients and SLAMD jobs.

</doc>
<doc id="20260064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260064" title="Dedicate (horse)">
Dedicate (horse)

Dedicate (1952–1973) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
Background.
Dedicate was bred in Kentucky by the renowned Claiborne Farm, and owned by Mrs. Jan Burke. His sire was the important Princequillo, a two-time Leading sire in North America and a seven-time Leading broodmare sire in North America. He was trained by Mrs. Burke's father, future U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee G. Carey Winfrey.
Racing career.
Racing at age two to four Dedicate won several important races including the Brooklyn and Whitney Handicaps. However, at age five he was a major force in American racing, and his 1957 performances earned him American Champion Older Male Horse honors. He was controversially named Horse of The Year by the TRA after finishing third to Bold Ruler and Gallant Man in the rival DRF poll. Bold Ruler was also preferred in a poll conducted by "Turf and Sport Digest" magazine.
Stud record.
Retired to stud, Dedicate sired a number of winners including Smart Deb, the 1962 Co-Champion 2-Two-Year-Old Filly and the multiple stakes-winning filly, Natashka.

</doc>
<doc id="20260066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260066" title="Mark Jones (footballer born 1961)">
Mark Jones (footballer born 1961)

Mark Anthony Waldron Jones (born 22 October 1961 in Warley, Staffordshire) is an English former footballer who played as a full back in the Football League for Aston Villa, Brighton & Hove Albion, Birmingham City, Shrewsbury Town and Hereford United during the 1980s.
He played in the 1982 European Super Cup in which Aston Villa defeated Barcelona 3-1 on aggregate.

</doc>
<doc id="20260072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260072" title="Pərizamanlı">
Pərizamanlı

Pərizamanlı (also, Pərzamanlı) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 667.

</doc>
<doc id="20260077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260077" title="Wind wave model">
Wind wave model

In fluid dynamics, wind wave modeling describes the effort to depict the sea state and predict the evolution of the energy of wind waves using numerical techniques. These simulations consider atmospheric wind forcing, nonlinear wave interactions, and frictional dissipation, and they output statistics describing wave heights, periods, and propagation directions for regional seas or global oceans. Such wave hindcasts and wave forecasts are extremely important for commercial interests on the high seas. For example, the shipping industry requires guidance for operational planning and tactical seakeeping purposes.
For the specific case of predicting wind wave statistics on the ocean, the term ocean surface wave model is used.
Other applications, in particular coastal engineering, have led to the developments of wind wave models specifically designed for coastal applications.
Historical overview.
Early forecasts of the sea state were created manually based upon empirical relationships between the present state of the sea, the expected wind conditions, the fetch/duration, and the direction of the wave propagation. Alternatively, the swell part of the state has been forecasted as early as 1920 using remote observations. 
During the 1950s and 1960s, much of the theoretical groundwork necessary for numerical descriptions of wave evolution was laid. For forecasting purposes, it was realized that the random nature of the sea state was best described by a spectral decomposition in which the energy of the waves was attributed to as many wave trains as necessary, each with a specific direction and period. This approach allowed to make combined forecasts of wind seas and swells. The first numerical model based on the spectral decomposition of the sea state was operated in 1956 by the French Weather Service, and focused on the North Atlantic. The 1970s saw the first operational, hemispheric wave model: the spectral wave ocean model (SWOM) at the Fleet Numerical Oceanography Center.
First generation wave models did not consider nonlinear wave interactions. Second generation models, available by the early 1980s, parameterized these interactions. They included the “coupled hybrid” and “coupled discrete” formulations. Third generation models explicitly represent all the physics relevant for the development of the sea state in two dimensions. The wave modeling project (WAM), an international effort, led to the refinement of modern wave modeling techniques during the decade 1984-1994.
Improvements included two-way coupling between wind and waves, assimilation of satellite wave data, and medium-range operational forecasting.
Wind wave models are used in the context of a forecasting or hindcasting system. Differences in model results arise, with decreasing order of importance, from differences in wind and sea ice forcing, differences in parameterizations of physical processes, the use of data assimilation and associated methods, the numerical techniques used to solve the wave energy evolution equation.
General strategy.
Input.
A wave model requires as initial conditions information describing the state of the sea. An analysis of the sea or ocean can be created through data assimilation, where observations such as buoy or satellite altimeter measurements are combined with a background guess from a previous forecast or climatology to create the best estimate of the current conditions. In practice, many forecasting system rely only on the previous forecast, without any assimilation of observations. 
A more critical input is the "forcing" by wind fields: a time-varying map of wind speed and directions. The most common sources of errors in wave model results are the errors in the wind field. Ocean currents can also be important, in particular in western boundary currents such as the Gulf Stream, Kuroshio or Agulhas current, or in coastal areas where tidal currents are strong. Waves are also affected by sea ice and icebergs, and all operational global wave models take at least the sea ice into account. 
Representation.
The sea state is described as a spectrum; the sea surface can be decomposed into waves of varying frequencies using the principle of superposition. The waves are also separated by their direction of propagation. The model domain size can range from regional to the global ocean. Smaller domains can be nested within a global domain to provide higher resolution in a region of interest. The sea state evolves according to physical equations – based on a spectral representation of the conservation of wave action – which include: wave propagation / advection, refraction (by bathymetry and currents), shoaling, and a source function which allows for wave energy to be augmented or diminished. The source function has at least three terms: wind forcing, nonlinear transfer, and dissipation by whitecapping. Wind data are typically provided from a separate atmospheric model from an operational weather forecasting center.
For intermediate water depths the effect of bottom friction should also be added. At ocean scales, the dissipation of swells - without breaking- is a very important term.
Output.
The output of a wind wave model is a description of the wave spectra, with amplitudes associated with each frequency and propagation direction. Results are typically summarized by the significant wave height, which is the average height of the one-third largest waves, and the period and propagation direction of the dominant wave.
Coupled models.
Wind waves also act to modify atmospheric properties through frictional drag of near-surface winds and heat fluxes. Two-way coupled models allow the wave activity to feed back upon the atmosphere. The European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts (ECMWF) coupled atmosphere-wave forecast system described below facilitates this through exchange of the Charnock parameter which controls the sea surface roughness. This allows the atmosphere to respond to changes in the surface roughness as the wind sea builds up or decays.
Examples.
WAVEWATCH.
The operational wave forecasting systems at NOAA are based on the WAVEWATCH III model. This system has a global domain of approximately 100 km resolution, with nested regional domains for the northern hemisphere oceanic basins at approximately 25 km resolution. Physics includes wave field refraction, nonlinear resonant interactions, sub-grid representations of unresolved islands, and dynamically updated ice coverage. Wind data is provided from the GDAS data assimilation system for the GFS weather model. Up to 2008, the model was limited to regions outside the surf zone where the waves are not strongly impacted by shallow depths.
The model can handle the effects of currents on waves from its early design by Hendrik Tolman in the 1990s, and is now extended for nearshore applications.
WAM.
The wave model WAM was the first so-called third generation prognostic wave model where the two-dimensional wave spectrum was allowed to evolve freely (up to a cut-off frequency) with no constraints on the spectral shape. The model underwent a series of software updates from its inception in the late 1980s. The last official release is Cycle 4.5, maintained by the German Helmholtz Zentrum, Geesthacht.
ECMWF has incorporated WAM into its deterministic and ensemble forecasting system., known as the Integrated Forecast System (IFS). The model currently comprises 36 frequency bins and 36 propagation directions at an average spatial resolution of 25 km. The model has been coupled to the atmospheric component of IFS since 1998.
Other models.
Wind wave forecasts are issued regionally by Environment Canada.
Regional wave predictions are also produced by universities, such as Texas A&M University’s use of the SWAN model (developed by Delft University of Technology) to forecast waves in the Gulf of Mexico.
Other wind wave models include the U.S. Navy Standard Surf Model (NSSM).
The private sector is also active in producing wind wave simulations and surf forecasts. For example, Oceanweather Inc. provides global operational forecasts and hindcasts of the sea state.
Validation.
Comparison of the wave model forecasts with observations is essential for characterizing model deficiencies and identifying areas for improvement. In-situ observations are obtained from buoys, ships and oil platforms. Altimetry data from satellites, such as GEOSAT and TOPEX, can also be used to infer the characteristics of wind waves.
Hindcasts of wave models during extreme conditions also serves as a useful test bed for the models.
Reanalyses.
A retrospective analysis, or reanalysis, combines all available observations with a physical model to describe the state of a system over a time period of decades. Wind waves are a part of both the NCEP Reanalysis and the ERA-40 from the ECMWF. Such resources permit the creation of monthly wave climatologies, and can track the variation of wave activity on interannual and multi-decadal time scales. During the northern hemisphere winter, the most intense wave activity is located in the central North Pacific south of the Aleutians, and in the central North Atlantic south of Iceland. During the southern hemisphere winter, intense wave activity circumscribes the pole at around 50°S, with 5 m significant wave heights typical in the southern Indian Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="20260082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260082" title="Henry Philpott (cricketer)">
Henry Philpott (cricketer)

Henry Philpott (December 20, 1829 — March 29, 1880) was an English cricketer who played for Sussex. He was born and died in Brighton.
Philpott made a single first-class appearance, during the 1855 season, against Surrey. From the lower order, Philpott scored 1 not out in the first innings in which he batted, and 10 runs in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="20260086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260086" title="Gərməşeyli">
Gərməşeyli

Gərməşeyli (also, Görməşeyli) is a village in the municipality of Düz Rəsullu in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20260093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260093" title="Göyəmli">
Göyəmli

Göyəmli is a village in the municipality of Düz Rəsullu in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20260097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260097" title="Rəhimli, Gadabay">
Rəhimli, Gadabay

Rəhimli is a village in the municipality of Düz Rəsullu in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20260099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260099" title="Neil McCarthy (rugby union)">
Neil McCarthy (rugby union)

Neil McCarthy (born 29 November 1974 in Slough) is an English Rugby union player.
He was in the team for the 1999 Rugby World Cup in Wales and is one of only a handful of players to have an England cap at every representative level (U16; U18; U21 and senior).
He played as a hooker but could also cover prop. He was involved with the England team from 1999–2000.
McCarthy started his early rugby career at Bath academy before moving to Gloucester and then to Bristol where his career was ended by a knee injury in October 2002.
He is currently Leicester Tigers Academy Manager where he has been since 2008.
Personal Life
McCarthy has been married to Sara since 2005, has two young children and lives in Leicester.

</doc>
<doc id="20260103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260103" title="Təkyemişan">
Təkyemişan

Təkyemişan (also, Təkyemşan) is a village in the municipality of Düz Rəsullu in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20260124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260124" title="The Mothers of Plaza de Mayo">
The Mothers of Plaza de Mayo

The Mothers of Plaza de Mayo () is a 1985 Argentine documentary film directed by Susana Blaustein Muñoz and Lourdes Portillo about the Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20260125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260125" title="Roman metallurgy">
Roman metallurgy

Metals and metal working had been known to the people of modern Italy since the Bronze Age. By 86 BC, Rome had already expanded to control an immense expanse of the Mediterranean. This included nine provinces radiating from Italy to its islands, Spain, Macedonia, Africa, Asia Minor, Syria and Greece, and by the end of the Emperor Constantine’s reign, the Roman Empire had grown further to encompass parts of Britain, Egypt, all of modern Germany west of the Rhine, Dacia, Noricum, Judea, Armenia, Illyria and Thrace (Shepard 1993). As the empire grew, so did its need for metals.
Central Italy itself was not rich in metal ores, leading to necessary trade networks in order to meet the demand for metal from the Republic. Early Italians had some access to metals in the northern regions of the peninsula in Tuscany and Cisalpine Gaul, as well as the islands Elba and Sardinia. With the conquest of Etruria in 275 BC and the subsequent acquisitions due to the Punic Wars, Rome had the ability to stretch further into Transalpine Gaul and Iberia, both areas rich in minerals. At the height of the Roman Empire, Rome exploited mineral resources from Tingitana in north western Africa to Egypt, Arabia to North Armenia, Galatia to Germania, and Britannia to Iberia, encompassing all of the Mediterranean coast. Britannia, Iberia, Dacia, and Noricum were of special significance, as they were very rich in deposits and became major sites of resource exploitation(Shepard 1993). .
There is evidence that after the middle years of the Empire there was a sudden and steep decline in mineral extraction. This was mirrored in other trades and industries.
One of the most important Roman sources of information is the Naturalis Historia of Pliny the Elder who died in the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 AD. Several books (XXXIII-XXXVII) of his encyclopedia cover metals and metal ores, their occurrence, importance and development.
Types of metal used.
Many of the first metal artefacts that archaeologists have identified have been tools or weapons, as well as objects used as ornaments such as jewellery. These early metal objects were made of the softer metals; copper, gold, and lead in particular, as the metals either as native metal or by thermal extraction from minerals, and softened by minimal heat (Craddock, 1995). While technology did advance to the point of creating surprisingly pure copper, most ancient metals are in fact alloys, the most important being bronze, an alloy of copper and tin. Alloys are mixtures of different metals created either by smelting or by forging. It is important to note that an ore does not necessarily constitute an alloy; ore is a collection of minerals and alloyed metals. As metallurgical technology developed (hammering, melting, smelting, roasting, cupellation, moulding, smithing, etc.), more metals were intentionally included in the metallurgical repertoire. 
By the height of the Roman Empire, metals in use included: Gold, Silver, Copper, Tin, Lead, Zinc, Iron, Mercury, Arsenic, Antimony (Healy 1978). As in the Bronze Age, metals were used based on many physical properties: aesthetics, hardness, colour, taste/smell (for cooking wares), timbre (instruments), aversion to corrosion, weight, and countless other factors. Many alloys were also possible, and were intentionally made in order to change the properties of the metal e.g. the alloy of predominately tin with lead would harden the soft tin, to create pewter, which would prove its utility as cooking and tableware.
Sources of ore.
Iberia or modern Spain and Portugal, was one of if not the richest Roman province in case of mineral ore from around the first century BC (Healy 1978). Containing deposits of the metals (Gold, Silver, Copper, Tin, Lead, Iron, and Mercury), it was very rich in resources. The Romans realised this, and there is evidence of large scale mining and processing in the region. From its acquisition during the Punic Wars to the Fall of Rome, Iberia continued to produce a significant amount of Roman metals (Healy 
1978, Shepard 1993).
Similarly, Britannia was also very rich in metals. Gold was mined at Dolaucothi in Wales, copper and tin in Cornwall, and lead in the Pennines, Mendip Hills and Wales. Significant studies have been made on the iron production of Roman-Britain; iron use in Europe was intensified by the Romans, and was part of the exchange of ideas between the cultures through Roman occupation (Aitchison, 1960). It was the importance placed on iron by the Romans throughout the Empire which completed the shift from the few cultures still using primarily bronze into the Iron Age.
Noricum is the ancient site of modern Austria. Exceedingly rich in gold and iron ore, Pliny, Strabo, and Ovid all lauded its bountiful deposits. Iron was its main commodity, but alluvial gold was also prospected. The province itself had been assimilated into the Empire through prolonged peaceful contact from 181 BC when the Romans colonised Aquileia, a major trading centre between the two nations. By 15 BC, Noricum was officially made a province of the Empire, and the metal trade saw prosperity well into the fifth century AD (Shepard 1993, Healy 1978). Some scholars believe that the art of iron forging was not necessarily created, but well developed in this area and it was the population of Noricum which reminded Romans of the usefulness of iron (Aitchison, 1960). For example, of the three forms of iron (wrought iron, steel, and soft), the forms which were exported were of the wrought iron (containing a small percentage of uniformly distributed slag material) and steel (carbonised iron) categories, as pure iron is too soft to function like wrought or steel iron (Sim 1999, Aitchison 1960).
Dacia, located in the area of Transylvania, was conquered in 107 AD in order to capture the resources of the region for Rome. The amount of gold that came into Roman possession actually brought down the value of gold (Shepard 1993). Iron was also of importance to the region. Taken by military might, the unfortunate difference between the mines of Noricum and Dacia was the presence of a slave population as a workforce. However, nearly two centuries after the conquest of Dacia, the Romans withdrew and the people, having adapted to the Roman culture, continued in a version of Romanisation (Shepard 1993).
Technology.
The earliest metal manipulation was probably hammering (Craddock 1995, 1999), where copper ore was pounded into thin sheets. Beneficiation, or the process of ’making better’ could be carried out on the ore (if there were large enough pieces of metal separate from mineral) or after melting, where the prills of metal could be hand picked from the cooled slag. Melting beneficiated metal also allowed early metallurgists to use moulds and casts to form shapes of molten metal (Craddock 1995). Many of the metallurgical skills developed in the Bronze Age were still in use during the Roman times. Melting—the process of using heat to separate slag and metal, Smelting—using a reduced oxygen heated environment to separate metal oxides into metal and carbon dioxide, Roasting—process of using an oxygen rich environment to isolate sulphur oxide from metal oxide which can then be smelted, Casting—pouring liquid metal into a mould to make an object, Hammering—using blunt force to make a thin sheet which can be annealed or shaped, and Cupellation—separating metal alloys to isolate a specific metal—were all techniques which were well understood (Zwicker 1985, Tylecote 1962, Craddock 1995). However, the Romans provided few new technological advances other than the use of iron and the cupellation and granulation in the separation of gold alloys (Tylecote 1962).
While native gold is common, the ore will sometimes contain small amounts of silver and copper. The Romans utilised a sophisticated system to separate these precious metals. The use of cupellation, a process developed before the rise of Rome, would extract copper from gold and silver, or an alloy called electrum. In order to separate the gold and silver, however, the Romans would granulate the alloy by pouring the liquid, molten metal into cold water, and then smelt the granules with salt, separating the gold from the chemically altered silver chloride (Tylecote 1962). They used a similar method to extract silver from lead. 
While Roman production became standardised in many ways, the evidence for distinct unity of furnace types is not strong, alluding to a tendency of the peripheries continuing with their own past furnace technologies. In order to complete some of the more complex metallurgical techniques, there is a bare minimum of necessary components for Roman metallurgy: metallic ore, furnace of unspecified type with a form of oxygen source (assumed by Tylecote to be bellows) and a method of restricting said oxygen (a lid or cover), a source of fuel (charcoal from wood or occasionally peat), moulds and/or hammers and anvils for shaping, the use of crucibles for isolating metals (Zwicker 1985), and likewise cupellation hearths (Tylecote 1962).
Mechanisation.
There is direct evidence that they mechanised at least part of the extraction processes. They used water power from water wheels for grinding grains and sawing timber or stone, for example. A set of sixteen such overshot wheels is still visible at Barbegal near Arles dating from the 1st century AD or possibly earlier, the water being supplied by the main aqueduct to Arles. It is likely that the mills supplied flour for Arles and other towns locally. Multiple grain mills also existed on the Janiculum hill in Rome.
Ausonius attests the use of a water mill for sawing stone in his poem Mosella from the 4th century AD. They could easily have adapted the technology to crush ore using tilt hammers, and just such is mentioned by Pliny the Elder in his Naturalis Historia dating to about 75 AD, and there is evidence for the method from Dolaucothi. The Roman gold mines developed from ca 75 AD. The methods survived into the Medieval period, as described and illustrated by Georgius Agricola in his De Re Metallica.
They also used reverse overshot water-wheel for draining mines, the parts being prefabricated and numbered for ease of assembly. Multiple set of such wheels have been found in Spain at the Rio Tinto copper mines and a fragment of a wheel at Dolaucothi in South Wales. An incomplete wheel from Spain is now on public show in the British Museum in London.
Output.
The invention and widespread application of hydraulic mining, namely hushing and ground-sluicing, aided by the ability of the Romans to plan and execute mining operations on a large scale, allowed various base and precious metals to be extracted on a proto-industrial scale only rarely matched until the Industrial Revolution.
The most common fuel by far for smelting and forging operations, as well as heating purposes, was wood and particularly charcoal, which is nearly twice as efficient. In addition, coal was mined in some regions to a fairly large extent: Almost all major coalfields in Roman Britain were exploited by the late 2nd century AD, and a lively trade along the English North Sea coast developed, which extended to the continental Rhineland, where bituminous coal was already used for the smelting of iron ore.
Production of objects.
Romans used many methods to create metal objects. Like Samian ware, moulds were created by making a model of the desired shape (whether through wood, wax, or metal), which would then be pressed into a clay mould. In the case of a metal or wax model, once dry, the ceramic could be heated and the wax or metal melted until it could be poured from the mould (this process utilising wax is called the “lost wax“ technique). By pouring metal into the aperture, exact copies of an object could be cast. This process made the creation of a line of objects quite uniform. This is not to suggest that the creativity of individual artisans did not continue; rather, unique handcrafted pieces were normally the work of small, rural metalworkers on the peripheries of Rome using local techniques(Tylecote 1962). 
There is archaeological evidence throughout the Empire demonstrating the large scale excavations, smelting, and trade routes concerning metals. With the Romans came the concept of mass production; this is arguably the most important aspect of Roman influence in the study of Metallurgy. Three particular objects produced en masse and seen in the archaeological record throughout the Roman Empire are brooches called fibulae, worn by both men and women (Bayley 2004), coins, and ingots (Hughes 1980). These cast objects can allow archaeologists to trace years of communication, trade, and even historic/stylistic changes throughout the centuries of Roman power.
Social ramifications.
Slavery.
When the cost of producing slaves became too high to justify slave labourers for the many mines throughout the empire around the second century, a system of indentured servitude was introduced for convicts. In 369 AD a law was reinstated due to the closure of many deep mines; Hadrian had previously given the control of mines to private employers, so that workers were hired rather than working out of force. Through the institution of this system profits increased (Shepard 1993). In the case of Noricum, there is archaeological evidence of freemen labour in the metal trade and extraction through graffiti on mine walls. In this province, many men were given Roman citizenship for their efforts contributing to the procurement of metal for the empire. Both privately owned and government run mines were in operation simultaneously (Shepard 1993).
Economy.
From the formation of the Roman Empire, Rome was an almost completely closed economy, not reliant on imports although exotic goods from India and China were highly prized. They included gems, silk and spices. The resources needed to sustain the Roman Empire were internally found; however, the empire still supported trade with foreign non-Roman cultures (Shepard 1993). Through the recovery of Roman coins and ingots throughout the ancient world (Hughes 1980), metallurgy has supplied the archaeologist with material culture through which to see the expanse of the Roman world.

</doc>
<doc id="20260127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260127" title="Totuqlu">
Totuqlu

Totuqlu (also, Totuxlu) is a village in the municipality of Qoşabulaq in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20260138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260138" title="Tərs yer">
Tərs yer

Tərs yer is a village in the municipality of Qoşabulaq in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20260144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260144" title="Nothing Ever Hurt Like You">
Nothing Ever Hurt Like You

"Nothing Ever Hurt Like You" is a song written by James Morrison, teaming up with Barry and Mark Taylor. The single, released in the U.S. only on September 23, 2008, is listed on his second major studio album "Songs for You, Truths for Me", which has been available for U.K. purchase since September 29 via Polydor.
The song enjoyed modest success in the U.S. thanks to AAA Radio, in which the song remained in the Top 20 for most of 2009, peaking at #1 on the chart.
The song was released as the UK fourth single from the album in July.
Music video.
A music video in support of James Morrison's "Nothing Ever Hurt Like You" made its world premiere on 15 November, 2008. The video features him performing the new track with his band in a studio with huge lamps illuminating the room from the background.

</doc>
<doc id="20260145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260145" title="Rəmə">
Rəmə

Rəmə is a village in the municipality of Samanlıq in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20260148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260148" title="Quintus Fabius Clodius Agrippianus Celsinus">
Quintus Fabius Clodius Agrippianus Celsinus

Quintus Fabius Clodius Agrippianus Celsinus ("ca." 210 - aft. 249) was proconsul of Caria in 249. He was the son of Clodius Celsinus (b. "ca." 185) and his wife Fabia Fuscinella (b. "ca." 190), paternal grandson of Marcus Clodius Macrinus Hermogenianus (b. "ca." 150), and great-grandson of Marcus Clodius Macrinius Vindex Hermogenianus (b. "ca." 125), a proconsul of Africa "ca." 200. His wife was Laberia Pompeiana (b. "ca." 225). His maternal grandparents were Quintus Fabius (b. "ca." 165) and wife Fuscinella (b. "ca." 165), daughter of Publius Seius Fuscianus (b. "ca." 120), consul in 151, "praefectus urbi" from 187 to 189 and suffect consul in 188.
Clodius Agrippianus Celsinus was the father of
These Clodii Celsini continued to practice the traditional religions of antiquity and remained unconverted in the face of Christian hegemony through at least the 4th century until Clodius Celsinus Adelphius.

</doc>
<doc id="20260150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260150" title="Platinum(II) acetate">
Platinum(II) acetate

Platinum(II) acetate is a purple-colored coordination complex. Unlike the corresponding palladium complex, it is not commercially available. Platinum(II) acetylacetonate has been used in its place as a starting point into platinum chemistry.
Preparation.
Several syntheses of platinum(II) acetate have been reported. For example, G. Wilkinson "et al." reported a synthesis which involved dissolving sodium hexahydroxyplatinate in nitric acid, heating with acetic acid, and removing excess nitric acid by reduction with formic acid. However, Wilkinson's group reported great variability in the results of this synthesis.
In a more recent synthesis by M. Basato "et al.", silver acetate was reacted with platinum(II) chloride. Silver(I) is used as a halide-abstraction reagent. The product formed was tetrameric, complexed with two acetic acid molecules.

</doc>
<doc id="20260152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260152" title="Qarabulaq, Gadabay">
Qarabulaq, Gadabay

Qarabulaq is a village in the municipality of Zəhmətkənd in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20260161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260161" title="Ayıtala">
Ayıtala

Ayıtala is a village in the municipality of Düzyurd in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20260167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260167" title="Heydərli">
Heydərli

Heydərli (also, Heydarlı) is a village in the municipality of Şəkərbəy in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20260171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260171" title="Əmiraslanlı">
Əmiraslanlı

Əmiraslanlı is a village in the municipality of Şəkərbəy in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20260173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260173" title="Stylidium spathulatum">
Stylidium spathulatum

Stylidium spathulatum is a dicotyledonous plant that belongs to the genus "Stylidium" (family Stylidiaceae). The species is informally named the Creamy Triggerplant for the colour of its flowers. 
The flowers are yellowish-white and appear between October and January. These are presented on a scape, 0.05 to 0.5 metres above the ground, which is glandular at the base and glabrous on the upper parts. The leaves are spathulate, or inversely lance-shaped, tufted and spread out just above ground level. It is found on dunes, granite outcrops, swamps and other moist areas, amongst Eucalypts, heathland or shrubs. 
It is found in the Southwest Botanical Province of Western Australia. The species was first described by Robert Brown in his "Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae" of 1810, based on a collection he made in his visit to King George Sound in 1801. This was sketched and annotated for later colouring by the botanical illustrator Ferdinand Bauer, Brown's companion on the HMS Investigator. The lectotype's locality is noted as Princess Royal Harbour, King George Sound.

</doc>
<doc id="20260174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260174" title="1997 Great American Insurance ATP Championships">
1997 Great American Insurance ATP Championships

The 1997 Cincinnati Open, known by the corporate title of the Great American Insurance ATP Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 96th edition of the tournament previously known as the "Thriftway ATP Championships", and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1997 ATP Tour. It took place in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, from August 4 through August 11 1997.
The tournament had previously appeared on the Tier III of the WTA Tour but no event was held from 1989 to 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20260182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260182" title="Madrid Xanadú">
Madrid Xanadú

Madrid Xanadú is a large shopping mall and entertainment center in Arroyomolinos, Madrid, Spain at the Autovía de Extremadura section. The Mall is one of Europe's largest and most recognized, with over 222 shops, eateries, and a 15-screen Cinesa Movie Theater. The main attraction is Madrid SnowZone, a huge covered track, used for skiing and to go snowboarding. The track is from a Canadian company, Intrawest.
Mall Ownership.
The American-based Mills Corporation developed the mall in 2002. It opened the next year with great fanfare. Madrid Xanadú was the company's first mall outside the United States and was planning to build more malls in Europe. 
In 2006, the Canadian mall company Ivanhoe Cambridge bought Madrid Xanadú from Mills to alleviate the latter company's financial problems.
Xanadu's Counterpart.
In 2004, The Mills started to build its counterpart, Xanadu Meadowlands (formerly named "Meadowlands Xanadu") in New Jersey, however, ownership changes and countless delays have plagued the complex and it has yet to open.

</doc>
<doc id="20260197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260197" title="Galician Protocol">
Galician Protocol

The Galician Protocol was a secret agreement created in Berlin. First mentioned in a letter from Austrian Foreign Minister Count Czernin to Ambassador Prince von Hehenlohe in March 1918. This agreement was to be part of a treaty of peace with Ukraine. Ukraine was obligated to send over one million tons of grain to the Central Powers before July 1918.
There were only to be two copies of the treaty, and Berlin would destroy its copy if Ukraine did not supply its duties.

</doc>
<doc id="20260224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260224" title="Pigloo">
Pigloo

Pigloo is a baby penguin and the main character of a Franco-German bubblegum dance musical project. The project's first and most successful single came in 2006: "Papa Pingouin," a cover of a song performed in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1980. Pigloo is most popular in France.
Biography.
An animated music video for "Papa Pingouin" was produced, featuring a penguin dad and his son. This song was very successful in France, where it topped the singles chart for three weeks and eventually remained on the chart for 27 weeks. In February 2007, the German version of "Papa Pinguoin" climbed to 6th place in the German hit parade, partly due to the huge success of the video clip broadcast on RTL. The French version was sung by Heidi, while the German version was sung by Sara and Kerstin.
In June 2006, Pigloo released a second single, "Le ragga des pingouins", then "Ça plane pour moi (Le twist)" in September 2006, "Moi, j'aime skier!" (based on the melody of "Y.M.C.A.") in December 2006, and "Bizoo d'eskimo" in July 2007. All these singles were top 20 hits in France. His first album, "La Banquise", was released in July 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="20260230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260230" title="Köhnəkənd, Gadabay">
Köhnəkənd, Gadabay

Köhnəkənd is a village in the municipality of Dəyirmandağ in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20260237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260237" title="Joseph Pach">
Joseph Pach

Joseph Pach (born January 8, 1928 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian violinist.
Life and career.
Pach studied the violin with Christoff Dafeff at the Toronto Conservatory of Music from 1933–45, and with Kathleen Parlow at the University of Toronto. 
In 1947, at the age of 19, Pach made his symphonic debut playing the Tchaikovsky Violin Concerto (Op 35 in D-Major) with the Toronto Symphony Orchestra. He has since played and toured with many orchestras including the National Arts Centre Orchestra, the Halifax Symphony Orchestra, CBC Orchestra, BBC Concert Orchestra, Royal Conservatory Symphony Orchestra, and others. 
In 1952, Pach was slated to be accompianied by Mario Bernardi for a CBC broadcast. At the last minute Bernardi couldn't make it and the producer asked Pach if he'd mind if a young woman fill in for Bernardi. Pach conceded. He was to marry the pianist Arlene Nimmons (Pach) in 1954, and adopt the name The Duo Pach. They spent the next few years touring England, Germany, and Canada. It was during their in 1964 Canadian tour that the University of New Brunswick invited them to be Resident Musicians. The couple accepted and moved to Fredericton, New Brunswick where they worked and presented free Friday noon hour concerts for the next 6 years performing just about all the Violin and Piano repertoire.
Pach graduated from the University of Toronto with an Artist Diploma in 1947, and was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Laws from St. Thomas University (New Brunswick) in 1988 and an Honorary Doctorate of Literature from the University of New Brunswick in 1993.
While serving as Musicians In Residence at the UNB, Pach founded the Brunswick String Quartet and continued the free Friday noon hour recitals for another 17 years. The BSQ performed, toured, recorded and broadcast across Canada and throughout Eastern USA until 1989.
Pach also served as a tone judge for the Violin Society of America's 1984 International Competition.
References.
Joseph Pach performing Bizet's Carmen Fantasy

</doc>
<doc id="20260239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260239" title="Köhnəqışlaq, Gadabay">
Köhnəqışlaq, Gadabay

Köhnəqışlaq is a village in the municipality of İnəkboğan in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20260244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260244" title="William Grevett">
William Grevett

William Grevett (October 25, 1892 — July 26, 1967) was an English cricketer who played for Sussex. He was born and died in Eastbourne.
Grevett made a single first-class appearance, during the 1922 season, against Glamorgan. Batting in the upper-middle order, he scored four runs in the first innings in which he batted, and nine runs in the second.
Grevett's nephew, Robert, made a single first-class appearance during the 1939 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20260245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260245" title="Roel Campos">
Roel Campos

Roel Clark Campos (born 1949) is a Hispanic-American business lawyer. He served as Securities and Exchange Commissioner between 2002–07 and is now a partner with the law firm Locke Lord, LLP. Campos was named to President-elect Barack Obama's economic advisory board and was considered a possible successor to current SEC chairman Christopher Cox. He is a current member of the Committee on Capital Markets Regulation, an independent and nonpartisan 501(c)(3) research organization dedicated to improving the regulation of U.S. capital markets. In 2008 Campos was appointed a member of the Board of Trustees of the International Valuation Standards Council, and in December 2011 as interim Chairman.
Campos earned his J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1979, his M.B.A. from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1972, and in 1971 earned his B.S. from the United States Air Force Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20260250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260250" title="Hacıalılar, Gadabay">
Hacıalılar, Gadabay

Hacıalılar (also, Hacallar) is a village in the municipality of Poladlı in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20260298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260298" title="Qozqaralı">
Qozqaralı

Qozqaralı is a village in the municipality of Poladlı in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20260310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260310" title="Toplar">
Toplar

Toplar is a village in the municipality of Böyük Qaramurad in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20260316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260316" title="Qasımağalı, Şəkərbəy">
Qasımağalı, Şəkərbəy

Qasımağalı is a village in the municipality of Şəkərbəy in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20260318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260318" title="Soldiers in Hiding">
Soldiers in Hiding

Soldiers in Hiding is a 1985 documentary film directed by Malcolm Clarke. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. 

</doc>
<doc id="20260321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260321" title="2009 Indy Lights season">
2009 Indy Lights season

The 2009 Indy Racing League Firestone Indy Lights season began April 4 in St. Petersburg, Florida, where it ran a double-header weekend in support to the season-opening IndyCar Series event. The schedule will take place over 14 race weekends in support of the IndyCars, with 15 total races. Unlike the 2008 season, the St. Petersburg weekend will be the only double-header the series has announced. J. R. Hildebrand ended the season as champion for Andretti Green-AFS Racing, winning the championship by nearly 100 points ahead of Vision Racing's James Davison and his AGR-AFS Racing team-mate Sebastian Saavedra.
Schedule.
The season will consist of fifteen races, including a mix of ovals, temporary street circuits and road courses.

</doc>
<doc id="20260338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260338" title="1998 Great American Insurance ATP Championships">
1998 Great American Insurance ATP Championships

The 1998 Cincinnati Open, known by the corporate title of the Great American Insurance ATP Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 95th edition of the tournament previously known as the "Thriftway ATP Championships", and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1998 ATP Tour. It took place in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, from August 10 through August 17, 1998.
The tournament had previously appeared on the Tier III of the WTA Tour but no event was held from 1989 to 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20260346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260346" title="Cücanlı">
Cücanlı

Cücanlı (also, Cügənli) is a village in the municipality of İsalı in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20260352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260352" title="Bəydəmirli">
Bəydəmirli

Bəydəmirli is a village in the municipality of Çay Rəsullu in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20260355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260355" title="Turşsu, Gadabay">
Turşsu, Gadabay

Turşsu (known as Kilsəli until 1991)

</doc>
<doc id="20260359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260359" title="Levi Frady">
Levi Frady

Levi Frady (March 6, 1986 - October 22, 1997) was a kidnapping victim in Georgia's Forsyth County. On October 22, 1997, Levi was abducted while riding his bicycle home after playing with his friends down the street. After being abducted, Levi was murdered (outside of the county). His case remains unsolved.
Levi's Call.
In memory of Levi, the Government of Georgia officially changed all of their AMBER Alerts names to "Levi's Call", which it is still called today.

</doc>
<doc id="20260361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260361" title="Jim Hughes (1970s pitcher)">
Jim Hughes (1970s pitcher)

James Michael Hughes is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched all or part of four seasons in the majors, from until , all with the Minnesota Twins. His nickname was "Bluegill".

</doc>
<doc id="20260364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260364" title="Kollu, Gadabay">
Kollu, Gadabay

Kollu is a village in the municipality of Şınıx in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20260365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260365" title="Əyridərə">
Əyridərə

Əyridərə is a village in the municipality of Hacılar in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20260370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260370" title="Sonalar">
Sonalar

Sonalar is a village in the municipality of Hacılar in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20260372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260372" title="Cow Camp">
Cow Camp

Cow Camp, located in Joshua Tree National Park, was associated with cattle rustling in the 1880s and 1890s. It was then later used as a line camp for cattle ranching. A stone chimney, two small dams, watering troughs and a well remain. One dam was built by local rancher and character William F. Keys.
The camp was first established by the "McHaney Gang" in the late 1880s. Cattle rustlers used the camp into the 1890s. Jim McHaney reputedly murdered the discoverer of the Desert Queen Mine before losing it to a bank, then sold Cow Camp in 1894 to George Myers. McHaney eventually was convicted of counterfeiting $20 gold pieces in gold-plated lead and was sentenced to seventeen years in jail. In the 1920s Bill Keys, who had inherited McHaney's holdings, took over Cow Camp as part of his ranching operation.

</doc>
<doc id="20260376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260376" title="Məmmədcəfərli">
Məmmədcəfərli

Məmmədcəfərli is a village in the municipality of Hacılar in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20260379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260379" title="Garrett AiResearch">
Garrett AiResearch

Garrett AiResearch was a manufacturer of turboprop engines and turbochargers, and a pioneer in numerous aerospace technologies. It was previously known as Aircraft Tool and Supply Company, Garrett Supply Company, AiResearch Manufacturing Company, or simply AiResearch. In 1968, Garrett AiResearch merged with Signal Oil & Gas to form Signal Companies, which in 1985 merged with Allied Corp. into AlliedSignal. In 1999 AlliedSignal acquired Honeywell and adopted the Honeywell name.
Founding years.
John Clifford "Cliff" Garrett founded a company in Los Angeles in 1936 which came to be known as Garrett AiResearch or simply AiResearch. Already operating his Garrett Supply and Airsupply businesses, in 1939 Cliff Garrett established a small research laboratory to conduct "air research" on the development of pressurized flight for passenger aircraft. "[AiResearch's] first 'lab' was a small store building on Melrose Avenue in Los Angeles". 
In 1939 Garrett incorporated the "Garrett Corporation" and the three operating companies became divisions: Airsupply Division, Garrett Supply Division, and AiResearch Manufacturing Division. Needing additional space, they built their own manufacturing facility in Glendale, California, and thereby established the name AiResearch Manufacturing Company.
By 1941, AiResearch needed new space, and on April 28, 1941 moved from Glendale to what until then had been a beanfield on Sepulveda Boulevard, at the corner of Century Boulevard near Mines Field, which later became Los Angeles Airport. In 1942, the Army Air Force concluded that vital cabin pressurization manufacturing facilities should be relocated inland from the coast, and AiResearch set up the AiResearch Phoenix Division in Phoenix, Arizona. For this purpose, AiResearch Manufacturing Company of Arizona was established as a wholly owned subsidiary.
Product-line evolution.
1939 through 1949.
The Company's first major product was an oil cooler for military aircraft. Garrett designed and produced oil coolers for the Douglas DB-7. Boeing's B-17 bombers, credited with substantially tipping the air war in America's and Great Britain's favor over Europe and the Pacific, were outfitted with Garrett intercoolers, as was the B-25. The Company developed and produced the cabin pressure system for the B-29 bomber, the first production bomber pressurized for high altitude flying. By the end of World War II, AiResearch engineers had developed air expansion cooling turbines for America's first jet aircraft, the Lockheed P-80 Shooting Star. In all during World War II, Garrett AiResearch sold $112 million in military equipment and had as many as 5,000 employees at peak.
Having to scale back its workforce to just 600 employees at the end of the war stimulated Garrett to look for new income sources. "He found them in the small turbines which patient Engineer Ramsaur had been perfecting since 1943. So that jet pilots could endure the heat generated by air friction at supersonic speeds, a way had to be found to cool their cockpits. Ramsaur's turbine provided the answer; by putting an engine's heat to work turning the turbine, it cooled the air by expanding it, shot the air into the cockpit. As rearmament got under way, Garrett began turning out a total of 700 accessory products. With the Navy order for [an on-board engine self-starter, 1951 Garrett Corp. a $120 million backlog, enough to keep 5,500 workers on three shifts busy for at least the next three years".
By the end of the 1940s, Garrett Corporation was listed on the New York Stock Exchange. "In the late 1940s and early 1950s, Garrett was heavily committed to the design of small gas turbine engines from 20 - 90 horse power (15 - 67 kW). The engineers had developed a good background in the metallurgy of housings, high speed seals, radial inflow turbines, and centrifugal compressors".
1950s and 1960s.
By 1949, the Sepulveda Blvd. property was increasingly constrained by the demand for development of commercial space near the fast-growing Los Angeles International Airport (LAX). At that time, 2000 people worked at the facility "and Garrett was ranked one of the top three aircraft accessory manufacturers in the world". In 1959 ground was broken for construction of an additional facility at 190th Street and Crenshaw Boulevard in Torrance, California. Part of that facility was occupied a year later. "By 1962, 1000 employees were working at the Torrance location and by 1972, 3000 employees were based there". After a gradual series of moves, the Sepulveda facility was closed in 1990.
During the 1950s AiResearch initiated activities in the field of aircraft electronics, "first with an angle-of-attack computer to eliminate gunfire error and then with its first delivery of a complete centralized air data system". In the 1950s and 1960s Garrett diversified and expanded. Garrett AiResearch designed and produced a wide range of military and industrial products for aerospace and general industry. It focused on fluid controls and hydraulics, avionics, turbochargers, aircraft engines, and environmental control systems for aircraft and spacecraft. "By 1960 Garrett gas turbines, cabin pressurization systems, air conditioners, and flight control systems were aboard the Convair 880, Lockheed Super Constellation, Vickers Viscount, Sud Aviation Caravelle, Douglas DC-8, and Boeing 707. The company had also developed the first inflatable airliner evacuation slides".
In the 1950s and 1960s Garrett pioneered the development of foil bearings, which were first installed as original equipment on the McDonnell-Douglas DC-10 in 1969 and then became standard equipment on all U.S. military aircraft. In the 1960s, AiResearch Environmental Control Systems provided the life supporting atmosphere for American astronauts in the projects Mercury, Gemini, Apollo, and Skylab.
Garrett AiResearch is credited with inventing one of the first complete microprocessors, when it developed the 20-bit MP944 Central Air Data Computer for the US Navy's F-14 Tomcat fighter in 1968-1970.
On the industrial side, the first T-15 Turbocharger was delivered to the Caterpillar Company in 1955. It was followed by an order for 5,000 production units, to be installed in the Caterpillar D9 tractor. "On September 27, 1954, Cliff Garrett made the decision to separate the turbocharger group from the Gas Turbine department due to commercial diesel turbocharger opportunities. That was the beginning of the new AiResearch Industrial Division - for turbocharger design and manufacturing". This new division was established in Phoenix, Arizona. AiResearch Industrial Division ("AID") would later be renamed Garrett Automotive. 
"Following the first phase of the Caterpillar project, Garrett turbochargers saw ever wider use on earth-moving equipment, in tractors, stationary powerplants, railroad locomotives and ships. The Garrett T11 automotive turbocharger came into being in 1960 and promptly became popular with diesel truck operators.
By 1962, Garrett was powering the world’s first turbocharged production car, the Oldsmobile Jetfire Rocket. This was followed by several other firsts, including the first turbocharged car to win the Indianapolis 500 (1968), the first turbo for a non sports car application (1977-Saab 99), the first mass production turbo for diesel engines (1978-Mercedes 300TD), and the first turbo to win the 24 Hours of Le Mans (1978-Renault)".
1970s.
In the 1970s Garrett's expanding industrial and other non-military applications had changed the basic sources of income. "At the start of the decade sales to the military accounted for 70 percent of the company's business. At the end of the ten years, largely because of turbochargers and general aviation products, the situation was reversed. Commercial sales made up 70 percent; military had dropped to 30 percent". Also by the end of the decade "sales had reached $1.3 billion; backlog was $1.9 billion".
Mergers.
To avoid a hostile takeover of Garrett's assets by Curtiss-Wright following Cliff Garrett's death in 1963, Garrett Corporation merged with Signal Oil and Gas Company in 1964. In 1968, the combined company adopted The Signal Companies as its corporate name. In 1985, Signal merged with Allied Corp., becoming Allied-Signal. The company acquired Honeywell Aerospace in 1999. Although AlliedSignal was much larger than Honeywell, it was decided to adopt the Honeywell name because of its greater public recognition. 
Part of the original Garrett AiResearch became known as the Garrett Turbine Engine Company from 1979, and became the Garrett Engine Division of AlliedSignal in 1985. In 1994, AlliedSignal acquired the Lycoming Turbine Engine Division of Textron, merging it with Garrett Engine to become the AlliedSignal Engines Division of AlliedSignal Aerospace Company. 
The Garrett Aviation Division ("Garrett Aviation"), which mainly services aircraft, was sold to General Electric in 1997 and later renamed Landmark Aviation after a 2004 merger. It became StandardAero after a further merger in 2007 and it was owned by Dubai Aerospace Enterprise, but subsequently purchased by another owner.

</doc>
<doc id="20260382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260382" title="Pooh Skies">
Pooh Skies

Pooh Skies is the 62nd episode of "The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh".
Plot.
Christopher Robin is cloud watching with Pooh spotting a cloud formed whale, honey pot, bee, pirate ship, and a dragon. Christopher Robin says the clouds come from a cloud machine. Rain clouds start to roll in, which Pooh does not notice. Later Pooh tries to get honey from a bee hive with a huge bamboo pole, but he instead knocks an eggshell out of its nest. Tigger comes and thinks it is a piece of sky, claiming Pooh broke the sky with the pole. Pooh and Tigger hold a meeting at Rabbit's house and they conclude that the sky will fall by dawn. 
Everyone soon moves into Gopher's tunnels. Gopher, who isn't too thrilled about having houseguests for the rest of time, devises a plan to fix the sky and volunteers Pooh to go with him. Gopher builds a huge contraption of ladders, ramps, and stairs up into the clouds just as it starts to get dark, chilly, and windy. Rabbit and Tigger lead an evacuation to Gopher's tunnels thinking Pooh and Gopher will die. The two start to climb up the ladder and Pooh rests on a cloud while Gopher keeps climbing, but under Pooh's weight the ladder collapses trapping them in the clouds.
The ladder collapses and causes vibrations in the ground and air. At first the rest of the gang was afraid to leave the tunnels because they thought the sky had fallen. When they emerged they realized Pooh and Gopher were trapped in the clouds. They soon came up with a rescue plan(s). Meanwhile our other two heroes were having an adventure in the clouds (mostly a cloudy world), coming across some of the cloud friends that Pooh and Christopher Robin saw and finding large pipes (which Pooh think it's the cloud machine Christopher Robin mentioned). Gopher claims the leak in the pipes are the reason why the sky will fall and must turn the handle to stop the leak, but instead accidentally break off the handle, causing water to rush out of the pipes. The clouds started to turn black and the air got windy and cold. The sky was about to fall (in reality it was just a thunder storm). 
Gopher comes up with a plan to release the energy (rain) from the clouds by digging a drain and knocking a tree down to send the rain down the drain and thus saving the sky. The water falls through the cloud onto the Hundred Acre Wood scaring the rest of the gang. After fixing the pipes, the thunderstorm ends and the cloud start to break up and drift away dropping Pooh and Gopher. The gang catches them and they have a party later. Rabbit accidentally knocks down another eggshell and Tigger says Rabbit broke the sky again. 
Later Christopher Robin and Pooh is cloud watching again and Christopher explains to Pooh that the "piece of sky" was actually an eggshell and the sky wasn't actually going to fall. The cloud-formed dragon, whale, and pirate ship all turn back into normal clouds and all is well once again in the Hundred Acre Wood as they contiune cloud watching.

</doc>
<doc id="20260393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260393" title="Hüseynqulular, Gadabay">
Hüseynqulular, Gadabay

Hüseynqulular is a village in the municipality of Düz Rəsullu in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20260403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260403" title="Good-bye, Billy Radish">
Good-bye, Billy Radish

Good-bye, Billy Radish is a prize-winning, historical, young-adult novel by the American writer Gloria Skurzynski. 
It is set in 1917 in the fictional mill town of Canaan (a parallel to the author's hometown of Duquesne, Pennsylvania, just south of Pittsburgh on the Monongahela River). The book tells the story of two working-class boys, Hank Kerner, who considers himself all-American, and his best friend Bazyli Radichevych, a Ukrainian immigrant whom Hank nicknames Billy Radish. Both are scheduled to enter the steel mill when they turn 14. As they exit childhood, they must cope with the challenges of industrial life as America enters World War I.
In 1992 the novel was selected one of the year's "Best Books" by the School Library Journal.

</doc>
<doc id="20260407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260407" title="Superliga 2 de Voleibol Masculina">
Superliga 2 de Voleibol Masculina

The Superliga 2 de Voleibol Masculina (SM-2), is the second category league of Spanish Volleyball, under the Superliga de Voleibol Masculina. The administration of the league is carried out by the "Real Federación Española de Voleibol".

</doc>
<doc id="20260411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260411" title="Jeremias van Riemsdijk">
Jeremias van Riemsdijk

Jeremias van Riemsdijk (18 October 1712 – 3 October 1777) was a Dutch colonial administrator who served as Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 1775 to 1777.
Jeremias van Riemsdijk was born on 18 October 1712 in Utrecht, the son to Scipio van Riemsdijk, the minister of Bunnik near Houten, and Johanna Bogaert. He entered into service with the Dutch East India Company as a sergeant left for the Indies, aboard the "van de Proostwijk", on 25 February 1735. Very shortly after his arrival in Batavia/Jakarta on 14 September 1735, he entered the civil (as opposed to military) service. Jeremias was the nephew of the future Governor-General Adriaan Valckenier (1737-1741), who at the time was still a member of the Council of the Indies. H could therefore expect to make rapid progress in his career. In 1736 he became "onderkoopman" (underbuyer/undermerchant), in 1738 "koopman" (buyer/merchant), in 1740 "tweede opperkoopman" (second upperbuyer/uppermerchant) and in 1742 "eerste opperkoopman" (first upperbuyer/uppermerchant) in the castle headquarters at Batavia/Jakarta. In 1743 he became the chief (kapitein) of the company of clerical/writing staff ("pennisten") and in October Jeremias van Riemsdijk was named Counsellor-extraordinary (Raad extra-ordinaier) to the Council of the Indies. In 1759 he was appointed President of the "College van Weesmeesters" (dealing with the affairs of orphans, minors, etc.). On 15 October 1760 he was named ordinary Counsellor (Raad ordinair) and on 17 August 1764 Director-General.
On 28 December 1775, following the death of Petrus Albertus van der Parra, Van Riemsdijk was chosen as Governor-General. He had had at the time five marriages, to leading Eurasian ladies. He had learned a lot from the eleven years he had worked with his predecessor, whose great appetite for money he had acquired. During his term in office, there was a shortage of ships and ship personnel. This problem was solved with help from the homeland. However, shortly after his governorship had begun, Jeremias van Riemsdijk died in Batavia/Jakarta. He was followed as Governor-General by Reynier de Klerck

</doc>
<doc id="20260412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260412" title="Ivan Šuker">
Ivan Šuker

Ivan Šuker (Livno, born 12 November 1957) is a Croatian politician and economist. He served as Minister of Finance from 23 December 2003 to 27 December 2010, as a member of the Croatian Democratic Union.
He currently resides in Velika Gorica.
Education.
Šuker was born in Gornji Rujani near village of Lištani, Livno municipality, Bosnia and Herzegovina. He graduated from the Faculty of Economics and Business of the University of Zagreb in 1983.
Miscellaneous.
Šuker speaks English fluently. His favorite hobby is basketball and for few years he served as chairman of Croatian Basketball Association.
Šuker and famous football player Davor Šuker are paternal cousins.

</doc>
<doc id="20260414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260414" title="Timothy Curtis">
Timothy Curtis

Timothy Herbert William Curtis (3 August 1882 — 11 June 1966) was an English cricketer who played for Sussex. He was born in Folkestone, Kent and died in Little Waltham, Essex.
Curtis made a single first-class appearance for the team, in 1912, against Warwickshire. From the middle order, he scored 2 runs in the first innings in which he batted and a single run in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="20260437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260437" title="1999 Great American Insurance ATP Championships">
1999 Great American Insurance ATP Championships

The 1999 Cincinnati Open, known by the corporate title of the Great American Insurance ATP Championship was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 98th edition of the tournament previously known as the "Thriftway ATP Championships", and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1999 ATP Tour. It took place in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, from August 9 through August 16, 1999.
The tournament had previously appeared on the Tier III of the WTA Tour but no event was held from 1989 to 2003.
The singles field was headlined by. Other top seeds were.

</doc>
<doc id="20260453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260453" title="Ted Wilson">
Ted Wilson

Ted or Teddy Wilson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20260464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260464" title="Hans Bergersen Wergeland">
Hans Bergersen Wergeland

Hans Bergersen Wergeland (23 July 1861 – ??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was born in Masfjorden, and worked as a farmer from 1885. He was mayor of his municipality for some time, and also chaired the boards of the local savings bank and the local shipping company.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1907, for the Coalition Party, and in 1910 for the Conservative Party. He represented the constituency Nordhordland.

</doc>
<doc id="20260491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260491" title="Hennild Wollstadmo">
Hennild Wollstadmo

Hennild Wollstadmo (born 24 July 1943) is a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Nordland during the term 1981–1985.

</doc>
<doc id="20260518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260518" title="John Pratt (cricketer)">
John Pratt (cricketer)

John Pratt (February 4, 1834 — June 6, 1886) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm roundarm medium-pace bowler. He was born in Stratford and died in Phipps Bridge.
Pratt made a single first-class appearance, during the 1868 season, against Kent. He scored 9 runs in the first innings in which he batted, and a single run in the second.
Pratt bowled three overs during the match, with limited success. Pratt's brother-in-law, James Southerton, made two Test appearances, the first in the inaugural Test during the 1876-77 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20260519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260519" title="Rotterdam Delftsche Poort railway station">
Rotterdam Delftsche Poort railway station

Rotterdam Delftsche Poort was a railway station of the Hollandsche IJzeren Spoorweg-Maatschappij in Rotterdam, The Netherlands located on the Oude Lijn from Amsterdam Willemspoort station to Rotterdam. The station was located east of the present-day Rotterdam Centraal.
History.
The first station Delftsche Poort opened in 1847 completing the railway line between Amsterdam and Rotterdam. The station was designed by Frederik Willem Conrad.
The second station Delftsche Poort opened in 1877 connection the Rotterdam with Dordrecht. This station was located slightly north-west to the former station.

</doc>
<doc id="20260520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260520" title="Rhythm on the Range">
Rhythm on the Range

Rhythm on the Range is a 1936 American Western musical film directed by Norman Taurog and starring Bing Crosby, Frances Farmer, and Bob Burns. Based on a story by Mervin J. Houser, the film is about a cowboy who meets a beautiful young woman while returning from a rodeo in the east, and invites her to stay at his California ranch to experience his simple, honest way of life. "Rhythm on the Range" was Crosby's only western film (apart from the 1966 remake of "Stagecoach") and is notable for his introduction of two important western songs, "Empty Saddles" by Billy Hill and "I'm an Old Cowhand from the Rio Grande" by Johnny Mercer, the latter becoming a national hit song for Crosby. The film played an important role in popularizing the singing cowboy and western music on a national level.
Plot.
Doris Halliday (Frances Farmer), the daughter of a wealthy banker, is about to marry a man she doesn't love so the family will become richer. Her outspoken aunt Penelope Ryland (Lucile Gleason), the owner of the Frying Pan Ranch in Arizona, objects to their marriage, claiming people should only be married if they love each other. Doris starts to see Penelope's point and eventually runs away the night before the wedding.
Doris hides in the wagon of a train owned by traveling cowboy Jeff Larabee (Bing Crosby). When they meet they take an immediate dislike for each other. Despite a few romantic moments, they fight all night long. The next day, Doris is to be left at a stop. When she is attacked by Jeff's prize cow, however, Jeff is forced to save her. The train eventually leaves without them. They decide to part their ways, until they discover it's a long way to the next stop. Doris secretly steals a car and gives Jeff a ride.
Penelope and her employee Buck (Bob Burns), who happens to be a friend of Jeff, try to find Doris. They take a train hoping to locate her. On the train, Buck meets Emma Mazda (Martha Raye). Emma is attracted to him and tries to flirt, but Buck isn't really interested. They both take off at a stop and decide to travel together. Meanwhile, Doris' father initiates a search to find his daughter and promises the one who brings her back a $5,000 reward. A couple of criminals, who have seen Doris, try to catch her and bring her back.
Jeff and Doris drive to his house, where they meet up with Buck and Emma, who are now in love and engaged. Buck suggests Jeff to ask to marry Doris as well, but he is reluctant to. The moment they do fall in love, they are located by Robert and Penelope. Penelope blames Jeff for being a gold digger and tries to protect Doris from him. Offended and confused, Jeff runs away. Doris follows him and declares her love. Jeff gives in and they kiss.
Reception.
In his book, "Singing in the Saddle", Douglas B. Green summarized Bing Crosby's impact on western music and the national interest in singing cowboys and the West during the 1930s.
On the aggregator reviewer web site "Rotten Tomatoes", the film holds a 67% positive audience rating based on 106 user ratings.
Remake.
The film was remade in 1956 as "Pardners", starring Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis, who was cast in the Frances Farmer role.

</doc>
<doc id="20260526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260526" title="Naval Appropriations Act For 1922">
Naval Appropriations Act For 1922

The Naval Appropriations Act For 1922 was passed by the 67th US Congress on July 12, 1921. The bill's purpose was to allocate funds for the US Navy. The money was for the fiscal year ending June 20, 1922.
Details.
The act did several things: 

</doc>
<doc id="20260535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260535" title="Papyrus 112">
Papyrus 112

Papyrus 112 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_1112, is a fragment from a portion of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript from the Acts of the Apostles. The surviving portions are parts of Acts 26:31-32 and, on the other side of the sheet, Acts 27:6-7. It is written in uncial characters of uniform size, without any any diacritical marks or spacing between words. ὁ ἄνθρωπος ('the man') is written in the Nomen Sacrum form ὁ ἄνος, with a single overline. Based on palaeography, the manuscript has been assigned to the 5th century by the INTF.
The manuscript is currently housed at the Sackler Library (Papyrology Rooms, P. Oxy. 4496) at Oxford.
Text.
In Acts 26:31 it appears to be missing τι, which is found in only about a dozen Greek manuscripts, including Codex Sinaiticus and Codex Alexandrinus (but not Codex Vaticanus), and is supported by most manuscripts of the Latin Vulgate (but not the Old Latin). 
Following ὁ ἄνος οὗτ[ος] (this man) at the end of Acts 26:31, it skips to the next ὁ ἄνος οὗτος (this man) in the following verse, leaving out Ἀγρίππας δὲ τῷ Φήστῳ ἔφη, Ἀπολελύσθαι ἐδύνατο (And Agrippa said to Festus, "Could have been set free"). This is also done in Greek minuscules 326 and 2464.
Following Acts 26:32 it has [καὶ οὕ]τως ἔκρι[νεν ὁ ἡγεμὼν] αὐτὸν ἀν[απεμψαι]. This is slightly transposed from a reading also found in the Greek minuscules 97 and 421, supported by the Old Latin h and a textual note in the margin of the Harclean Syriac.
In Acts 27:7 it has the transposition βρα[δυπλοουντε]ς εν δε ικαν[αις ημεραις. Αll other witnesses have this sentence in the word order: εν ικαναις δε ημεραις βραδυπλοουντες.

</doc>
<doc id="20260551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260551" title="Keys Desert Queen Ranch">
Keys Desert Queen Ranch

The Keys Ranch is the prime example of early settlement in the Joshua Tree National Park area. Bill Keys was the area's leading character, and his ranch is a symbol of the resourcefulness of early settlers. The ranch is an extensive complex of small frame buildings built between 1910 and Keys' death in 1969. Keys pursued both ranching and mining to make a living in the desert.
William F. Keys was born at Palisade, Nebraska in 1879. After working as a ranch hand and smelter worker, he was a deputy sheriff in Mohave County, Arizona. During a time in Death Valley, he befriended Death Valley Scotty, becoming involved in a swindle that resulted in the so-called "Battle of Wingate Pass". He arrived in the Twentynine Palms, California area in 1910. In the area that became Joshua Tree National Park, he became acquainted with local outlaw and cattle rustler Jim McHaney, taking care of him in declining health. Keys eventually took over McHaney's properties after McHaney's death, gradually expanding what became the Desert Queen, its name borrowed from the nearby Desert Queen Mine.
Keys married Francis M. Lawton in 1918, and they had seven children together, three of whom died and were buried at the ranch. During a dispute over the Wall Street Mill, Keys shot and killed Worth Bagley. Keys was convicted of murder and went to San Quentin Prison, where Keys educated himself in the library. Keys was paroled in 1950 and was pardoned in 1956 through the efforts of Erle Stanley Gardner, author of the Perry Mason novels.
Mining equipment at the ranch includes an arrastra and a stamp mill for ore processing. Other buildings include an adobe barn, a schoolhouse, a tack shed, machine shed, cemetery and a variety of houses and cabins.
Park rangers provide guided walking tours of the ranch from October through May. Tours are limited in size and should be booked in advance.

</doc>
<doc id="20260569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260569" title="Superliga 2 Femenina de Voleibol">
Superliga 2 Femenina de Voleibol

The Superliga 2 de Voleibol Femenina (SF-2), is the second category league of Spanish Volleyball, under the Superliga Femenina de Voleibol. The administration of the league is carried out by the "Real Federación Española de Voleibol".

</doc>
<doc id="20260573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260573" title="Iraqi biological weapons program">
Iraqi biological weapons program

Saddam Hussein (1937-2006) initiated an extensive biological weapons (BW) program in Iraq in the early 1980s, in violation of the Biological Weapons Convention (BWC) of 1972. Details of the BW program — along with a chemical weapons program — surfaced only in the wake of the Gulf War (1990–91) following investigations conducted by the United Nations Special Commission (UNSCOM) which had been charged with the post-war disarmament of Saddam's Iraq. Because of this UN disarmament program, more is known today about the once-secret bioweapons program in Iraq than that of any other nation.
The program.
Startup and foreign suppliers.
In the early 1980s, five German firms supplied equipment to manufacture botulin toxin and mycotoxin to Iraq. Iraq's State Establishment for Pesticide Production (SEPP) also ordered culture media and incubators from Germany's Water Engineering Trading. Strains of dual-use biological material from France also helped advance Iraq’s biological warfare program. From the United States, the non-profit American Type Culture Collection and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control sold or sent biological samples to Iraq up until 1989, which Iraq claimed to need for medical research. These materials included anthrax, West Nile virus and botulism, as well as "Brucella melitensis", and "Clostridium perfringens". Some of these materials were used for Iraq's biological weapons research program, while others were used for vaccine development.
In delivering these materials "The CDC was abiding by World Health Organization guidelines that encouraged the free exchange of biological samples among medical researchers..." according to Thomas Monath, CDC lab director. It was a request "which we were obligated to fulfill," as described in WHO and UN treaties.
Facilities, agents and production.
Iraq's BW facilities included its main biowarfare research center at Salman Pak (just south of Baghdad), the main bioweapons production facility at Al Hakum (the "Single-Cell Protein Production Plant") and the viral biowarfare research site at Al Manal (the "Foot and Mouth Disease Center").
The Al Hakum facility began mass production of weapons-grade anthrax in 1989, eventually producing 8,000 liters or more (the 8,000 liter figure is based on declared amounts). Iraq officially acknowledged that it had worked with several species of bacterial pathogen, including "Bacillus anthracis", "Clostridium botulinum" and "Clostridium perfringens" (gas gangrene) and several viruses (including enterovirus 17 conjunctivitis, rotavirus and camelpox). The program also purified biological toxins, such as botulinum toxin, ricin and aflatoxin. After 1995, it was learned that, in all, Iraq had produced 19,000 liters of concentrated botulinum toxin (nearly 10,000 liters filled into munitions), 8,500 liters of concentrated anthrax (6,500 liters filled into munitions) and 2,200 liters of aflatoxin (1,580 liters filled into munitions). In total, the program grew a half million liters of biological agents.
Consequences of the program.
1991 US response.
During the Gulf War, US and other intelligence reports had suggested that Iraq was operating a BW program. Coalition troops trained with protective gear and stockpiled the antibiotic ciprofloxacin for use as post-exposure prophylaxis against anthrax. Approximately 150,000 US troops received the U.S. Food and Drug Administration–licensed anthrax vaccine ("BioThrax"), and 8,000 received a botulinum toxoid vaccine also approved by the FDA as an investigational new drug.
Post-war inspections.
In August 1991, the UN carried out its first inspection of Iraq’s BW capabilities in the aftermath of the Gulf War. On 2 August 1991, representatives of the Iraqi government announced to leaders of UNSCOM's "Team 7" that they had conducted research into the offensive use of "B. anthracis", botulinum toxins, and "Clostridium perfringens" toxins. Post-war inspections by UNSCOM, however, were confounded by misinformation and obfuscation. After Iraqi General Hussein Kamel al-Majid defected to Jordan in August 1995, the Iraqi government further disclosed that it had operated a robust BW program at six major sites since the 1980s. It was revealed that the Iraqi program conducted basic research on "B. anthracis", rotavirus, camelpox virus, aflatoxin, botulinum toxins, mycotoxins, and an anticrop agent (wheat cover smut). It tested several delivery systems including aerial spray tanks and drone aircraft. The Iraqi government had weaponized 6,000 liters of "B. anthracis" spores and 12,000 liters of botulinum toxin in aerial bombs, rockets, and missile warheads before the outbreak of war in 1991. These bio-weapons were deployed but never used.
Non-use by Hussein.
After Kamel's defection, it became known that in December 1990 the Iraqis had filled 100 R-400 bombs with botulinum toxin, 50 with anthrax, and 16 with aflatoxin. In addition, 13 Al Hussein (SCUD) warheads were filled with botulinum toxin, 10 with anthrax, and 2 with aflatoxin. These weapons were deployed in January 1991 to four locations for use against Coalition forces. 
Why Saddam Hussein did not to use these biological weapons in 1991 is unclear, but the presumption has been that he was concerned about provoking massive retaliation. Other plausible factors include the perceived ineffectiveness of the untested delivery and dispersal systems, the probable ineffectiveness of liquid slurries resulting from poor aerosolization, and the potential hazards to the Iraqi troops themselves, as they lacked the protective equipment and training available to Coalition forces.
Several defectors (see Khidir Hamza) have claimed that these weapons were intended only as "weapons of last resort" in case the Coalition stormed the gates of Baghdad. Since this never happened, Saddam found their use unnecessary.
2003 invasion of Iraq.
The Iraqis claimed to have destroyed their biological arsenal immediately after the 1991 war, but they did not provide confirmatory evidence. A covert military research and development program continued for another four years, with the intent of resuming agent production and weapons manufacture after the end of UN sanctions. Basic infrastructure was preserved, and research on producing dried agent was conducted under the guise of biopesticide production at Al Hakum until its destruction by UNSCOM inspectors in 1996. The same year, operational portions of the facilities at Salman Pak and Al Manal were also supposedly destroyed, either by the Iraqis themselves or under direct UNSCOM supervision. But UNSCOM inspectors never received full cooperation from the Hussein regime and they were finally expelled from Iraq in 1998. International concerns led to renewed inspections in 2002 under UN Security Council Resolution 1441 and these facilities were again targets for the U.S. military during the 2003 invasion of Iraq as potentially still being operational. President Bush cited the non-cooperation with inspectors as a major justification for military action.
The extent of Iraq’s BW program between 1998 when UNSCOM left Iraq and the U.S. Coalition invasion in March 2003 remains unknown. Current information indicates the discovery of a clandestine network of biological laboratories operated by the Iraqi Intelligence Service ("Mukhabarat"), a prison laboratory complex possibly used for human experimentation, an Iraqi scientist’s private culture collection with a strain of possible BW interest, and new research activities involving "Brucella" and Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever virus. Despite diligent investigations since 2003, evidence for the existence of additional BW stockpiles in Iraq has not been documented.
2005 Iraq Survey Group report.
In 2005, the Iraq Survey Group — an international group composed of civilian and military experts — concluded that the Iraqi military BW program had been abandoned during 1995 and 1996 because of fear that discovery of continued activity would result in severe political repercussions including the extension of UN sanctions. However, they concluded, Hussein had perpetuated ambiguity regarding a possible program as a strategic deterrent against Iran. Other conclusions were that the "Mukhabarat" continued to investigate toxins as tools of assassination, concealed its program from UNSCOM inspectors after the 1991 war, and reportedly conducted lethal human experimentation until 1994. Small-scale covert laboratories were maintained until 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20260576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260576" title="Heriknaz">
Heriknaz

Heriknaz (also, Höriknaz and Eriknaz) is a village in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan. The village forms a part of the municipality of Poladlı.

</doc>
<doc id="20260582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260582" title="South African nuclear program">
South African nuclear program

As a member of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty, South Africa uses nuclear science for peaceful means. The South African nuclear program includes both nuclear energy and nuclear medicine. In the past there was also a military component.
Nuclear energy.
Koeberg.
The Koeberg nuclear power station is the only nuclear power station in South Africa and contains two uranium pressurized water reactors based on a design by Framatome of France. The station located 30 km north of Cape Town. The plant is owned and operated by the country's national electricity supplier, Eskom.
PBMR.
The Pebble bed modular reactor (PBMR) was a particular design of pebble bed reactor under development by South African company PBMR (Pty) Ltd since 1994. The project entailed the construction of a demonstration power plant at Koeberg near Cape Town and a fuel plant at Pelindaba near Pretoria. However government financing was withdrawn in 2010 because of missed deadlines and lack of customers.
Research.
The South African Nuclear Energy Corporation (NECSA) was established as a public company by the Republic of South Africa Nuclear Energy Act in 1999 and is wholly owned by the State. NECSA replaced the country's Atomic Energy Corporation. The main functions of NECSA are to undertake and promote research and development in the field of nuclear energy and related technologies; to process and store nuclear material and other restricted material; and to co-ordinate with other organisations in matters falling within these spheres.
The project is currently being dismantled.
Education.
The following South African universities offer courses in nuclear engineering:
Lobby groups.
NIASA.
The Nuclear Industry Association of South Africa, or NIASA is an industry association aiming to promote the public understanding of nuclear technology. It is a lobby group consisting of companies such as Eskom, PBMR, AREVA and EDF.
Earthlife Africa.
Earthlife Africa is an organization vehemently campaigning against nuclear energy in South Africa. They believe its neither safe nor cost-effective.
See also.
Vela incident

</doc>
<doc id="20260597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260597" title="Dhirendranath Mondal">
Dhirendranath Mondal

Dhirendranath Mondal (17 July 1929 – 9 September 2004) was an Indian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Bengal. He was born in Calcutta and died in India.
Mondal made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1955–96 Ranji Trophy competition, against Bihar. From the opening order, he scored a single run in the first innings and 11 not out in the second, as Bengal ran out nine-wicket victors.

</doc>
<doc id="20260612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260612" title="James A. Gray, Jr.">
James A. Gray, Jr.

James Alexander Gray, Jr. (August 21, 1889 – October 29, 1952) was a former president and chairman of R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. He was the brother of fellow R.J. Reynolds president Bowman Gray, Sr. He also served as a North Carolina state senator for two terms and as a philanthropist, donated to a variety of educational causes in North Carolina.
Early life and family.
Gray was born in Winston-Salem to Wachovia co-founder James Alexander Gray and the former Aurelia Bowman. After receiving his primary and secondary education in his hometown, Gray graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1908. He became a clerk at Wachovia, eventually rising within 10 years to a position as vice-president. In 1919, Gray joined the board of directors at Wachovia, on which he remained the rest of his life.
Gray lived in the house he was born in for his entire life. He married Pauline L. Bahnson on April 18, 1918, and they had six children—James Jr., Bahnson, Howard, Christine, Pauline, and Aurelia. He attended Centenary United Methodist Church, and his nephew was Gordon Gray.
In 1912, Gray's brother Bowman moved his family to Winston to take up his new position of vice-president and director of R. J. Reynolds, hand-picked by R. J. Reynolds himself to head the company's finance division. In 1924, Bowman was promoted to president of the company to succeed Reynolds' brother William Neal Reynolds, and in 1932 Bowman became the chairman of the board of directors.
Political career.
Gray served two terms in the North Carolina State Senate as a Democrat. He co-introduced North Carolina's first state income tax.
Chairmanship of R.J. Reynolds.
Gray followed his brother to R.J. Reynolds from Wachovia in 1920, and he took over the helm of Reynolds Co. himself in 1935. As vice-president, Gray lowered the company's debt and listed it on the New York Stock Exchange. As president, Gray served as chairman longer than anyone except for R.J. Reynolds himself, and he used innovative marketing techniques to propel the company's Camel brand back into popularity as the top-selling cigarette brand. In 1939, Gray installed vacuum conditioners, which allowed the company to end the use of sweathouses. Gray also developed an American source for the company's paper production, which had previously been imported. In July 1950, Gray was featured on the cover of "Fortune" magazine for his success at Reynolds.
Philanthropy.
Gray left behind him a legacy of philanthropy. He was inspired to do so after his brother Bowman's unexpected death at sea from a heart attack in 1935. Gray worked with other family members to fulfill Bowman's wish that Wake Forest University establish a four-year medical school, and in 1941, the Bowman Gray School of Medicine opened on property donated by the family, with funds bequested in Bowman's will. Gray later established the J.A. Gray Endowment for the Winston-Salem Foundation in 1947 with $1.7 million ($14.2 million in today's dollars). The fund helped educational institutions such as UNC-Chapel Hill, Salem College, Winston-Salem State University, Duke University, and many other North Carolina colleges. The donation to UNC established a professorial chair for the study of the Bible. Today, the Gray Endowment allows UNC to compete with private universities for faculty salaries. Gray's gift to Duke was given to the Divinity School on one condition for UNC's athletic rival: "I fixed the gift to Duke so that they can't use it for the football team." The school holds the Gray Lecture Series annually every fall.
Winston-Salem State University also hosts an annual James A. Gray Symposium and lecture series in Gray's honor. Gray's largest gift was reserved for the medical school named after his brother. He also created an endowment for Greensboro College, which his mother had attended in the 19th century. A high school in Winston-Salem, James A. Gray High School, was named in his honor.
On October 29, 1952, Gray died of a heart attack at the age of 63. The next day, the "Winston-Salem Journal" wrote: "The death of James A. Gray casts a pall of sadness over this community and the entire State. Few have done more to advance the economic progress and promote the social welfare of Winston-Salem, Forsyth County and North Carolina as a whole than this quiet, unassuming business, civic and religious leader who for over forty years was an inspiring, dynamic influence in the life of the community and commonwealth."

</doc>
<doc id="20260615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260615" title="Hampstead Ferry">
Hampstead Ferry

The Hampstead Ferry was a cable ferry in the Canadian province of New Brunswick. The ferry crossed the Saint John River, linking Hampstead on the west bank with Wickham on the east bank.
About.
The crossing was in length, taking 5 minutes, and was free of tolls. The ferry carried up to 12 cars at a time, and operated from May to November, subject to ice and flood conditions, and between 6 am and midnight. It was operated by the New Brunswick Department of Transportation. In 2009, the New Brunswick Department of Transportation cancelled the Hampstead ferry service.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="20260637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260637" title="Faraj Laheeb">
Faraj Laheeb

Faraj Laheeb () (born October 9, 1979 in Kuwait) is an Kuwaiti football player who is currently playing for Al Yarmouk.
He played for Al-Kuwait in the 2007 AFC Champions League group stage.

</doc>
<doc id="20260638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260638" title="Intranet portal">
Intranet portal

An intranet portal is the gateway that unifies access to all enterprise information and applications on an intranet. It is a tool that helps a company manage its data, applications, and information more easily, and through personalized views. Some portal solutions today are able to integrate legacy applications, other portals objects, and handle thousands of user requests. In a corporate enterprise environment, it is also known as an "enterprise portal".
History.
Corporate intranets began gaining popularity during the 1990s. Intranets quickly grew more complex as the result the concept of intranet portal was born. Today, intranet portals provide value-added capabilities such as managing workflows, increasing collaboration between work groups, and allowing content creators to self-publish their information.
One typical example of an intranet portal is Microsoft Sharepoint, which is used by 46% of organizations. It provides a lot of features necessary for collaboration, integration and customization.
Main features.
Integration — Ability to integrate with your current tools or the possibility of adding new tools. You have your outlook calendar and email integrated within intranet.
Security — Enable user or group based security to secure documents and sites throughout the intranet portal.
Customization — Software that is flexible to allow for organization. Web Parts can be used to create custom modules which can make interaction easier with the site. Ability for users to customize tools and resources they use most often.
Collaboration — People are now able to collaborate their work with each other. Example would be multiple people working on one document.
Communication Channels — Allows corporations to promote corporate culture and present information in a more interactive way than before.
Automation — Things like workflows and templates can automate specific document creation. Alerts can be created to help learn of changes and new additions to the intranet.
Applications — Links to applications for associates to perform duties.
User Friendly — Application must be easy to use and understand due to a wide range of technical abilities.
Remote Access — Ability for users to access content away from the office.
Document Repository — Ability to store and retrieve document information while maintaining regular backups to prevent data loss.
Blog — Used as a method to provide more timely information to employees, customers, and business partners.
People Search —  Search enterprise wide for employee information such as contact information, specialty areas, group membership, personal interest, etc.
Enterprise Search  — search enterprise content using enterprise search
Targeted Content — Business portal administrators can target content by business group area, e.g., HR, Marketing, Legal, Corporate Executives, etc.
Advantages.
Intranet portal helps employees make better and more informed decisions, which result from increased knowledge. It also helps reduce costs, saves time, increases collaboration, increases productivity and effectiveness.
Intranet portal can help employees find information more easily and perform their jobs better, though few portal designs are optimal just out-of-the-box. In fact, especially in smaller companies, designers can realize some features found in off-the-shelf portal software through simpler (do-it-yourself) means. Most intranets have become completely unwieldy and present a highly fragmented and confusing user experience, with no consistency and little navigational support. Portals aim to correct this problem by presenting a single gateway to all corporate information and services. One benefit of creating this consistent look and feel is users need less time to learn how to use the environment. They also more easily recognize where they are in the portal and where they can go—no small feat when navigating a large information space. By integrating services and presenting personalized snippets on the initial screen, intranet portals also reduce the need for users to browse far and wide to obtain needed information, thus making it easier for them to perform their jobs.
Intranet portal is a Web-based tool that allows users to create a customized site that dynamically pulls in Internet activities and desired content into a single page. By providing a contextual framework for information, portals can bring S&T (Science and Technology) and organizational "knowledge" to the desktop.
Disadvantages.
Intranet Portals can be a large business cost. The maintenance and management can be time consuming and expensive. Not only is it a cost to keep the portal running but a cost when the system goes offline. Most intranets are established to put all an organization's resources into one place and having that offline can force operations to be put on hold.
Security issues can become an ongoing problem. Unauthorized access is a concern and can result in users gaining access to sensitive information. Denial of access can cause issues for users needing access for their work.
Having everything in one place is only good if it's organized. Information overload can make finding information very difficult - lowering productivity.
Activities.
Tools & Resources — Area for employees to link to or download necessary applications to perform work functions. Information also provided to find internal and external resources.
Associate Services — .
Business Operations — To give users access to important business policies and manuals.
Company Calendar — To give user access to important company event dates and times.
Access Point for Employees — Location for employees default main company webpage to obtain all information regarding the company.
Wiki —  can be used in the business environment for knowledge management
Workflow Management — Establish work flows for common business tasks such as submitting expense reports, submitting corporate HR paperwork and document approval processes.
Bulletin Board — Manage corporate announcements.
Task Management — Create and update shared task lists throughout the corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="20260640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260640" title="Roman Brother">
Roman Brother

Roman Brother (foaled in 1961 in Florida) was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. As a two-year-old, Roman Brother was initially overshadowed by his stable companion Raise a Native before emerging as one of the year's leading juveniles with a win in the Champagne Stakes. As a three-year-old he was highly tried, running twenty times and winning six races including the Jersey Derby and the American Derby. He was also placed second in the Belmont Stakes and the Jockey Club Gold Cup. He reached his peak as a four-year-old in 1965 when he was voted American Horse of the Year in a poll conducted by the "Daily Racing Form".
Background.
Roman Brother was a bay gelding bred by the Ocala Stud Farm in Marion County Florida. He was sired by Third Brother, who won the Long Island Handicap for his owner-breeder Christopher Chenery in 1956. Third Brother showed some promise as a stallion before his death in 1963: in addition to Roman Brother he sired Exceedingly, who defeated Damascus in the William Dupont Jr. Handicap. Roman Brother's dam, Roman Zephyr won four races and was a descendant of the influential broodmare Plucky Liege. In January 1963 Roman Brother was sent to the Florida Breeders' sale where he was bought for $23,500 (the second highest price at the sale) by Farnsworth Farm.
He entered into the ownership of Louis Wolfson's Harbor View Farm and was trained by future National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame inductee Burley Parke. Roman Brother was an unusually small Thoroughbred, standing 15.1 hands high and weighing in at 889 pounds just before the Belmont Stakes. Contemporary newspapers nicknamed him the "Mighty Mite". Roman Brother was described by one of his handlers as "all heart" but also "a mean little devil".
Racing career.
1963:two-year-old season.
In the summer of 1963 the leading two-year-old in Parke's stable was Raise a Native who was undefeated in four races and regarded as the best horse of his generation before his career was ended by injury in early August. At the time of Raise a Native's injury, his stable companion, Roman Brother who had been gelded before the start of his racing career, had appeared only once on the racecourse, winning a maiden race at Aqueduct Racetrack on July 25. The gelding made steady progress before emerging as a top class horse in autumn. Racing at Aqueduct, Roman Brother won two allowance races before challenging for the Champagne Stakes on October 13. Wolfson paid a supplementary fee of $10,000 to run Roman Brother, as he had not been among the original entries for the race which carried prize money of $212,150, making it the most valuable race ever run in New York. Ridden by John L. Rotz, Roman Brother tracked the leaders before taking the lead early in the straight and drawing away from his ten opponents to win by four and a half lengths. His win was marked at Ocala Stud Fram by the ringing of the old ship's bell which was used to mark major successes by the stud's produce.
Despite losing his undefeated record when second to Hurry to Market at Garden State Park, Roman Brother started favorite for the Garden State Futurity at the same track on November 9. In a race which carried world record prize money of $317,390 he finished second beaten a length by Hurry to Market, and an objection by Rotz against the winner for causing appearance was unsuccessful.
Although Raise a Native and Hurry to Market topped the polls for the title of American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt, Roman Brother was reported to be the biggest money winner of his generation in 1963.
1964:three-year-old season.
Roman Brother began his season in his native Florida. After finishing third on his debut he won the seven furlong Bahamas Stakes over seven furlongs at Hialeah Park, surviving a rough race to win in a time of 1:23.2. By this time he was regarded as a leading contender for the U.S. Triple Crown series. Later in February, Roman Brother moved up to nine furlongs for the Everglades Stakes in which he started favorite. Ridden by Manuel Ycaza, the gelding came from well off the pace to catch Mr. Brick in the closing strides and win by a head. After the race Ycaza described the winner as "an awful willing little horse". In the Flamingo Stakes on March 3 Roman Brother was matched against Northern Dancer, another unusually small thoroughbred, in what was described in the press as a meeting of the "Mighty Mites". Northern Dancer was an impressive winner, with Roman Brother a disappointing fifth in a dead-heat with Dandy K, beaten more than fifteen lengths by the winner. Three weeks later Roman Brother failed to concede ten pounds to Dandy K when finishing second in the Fountain of Youth Stakes. On the final start of his Florida campaign, Roman Brother again finished fifth behind Northern Dancer, this time in the Florida Derby.
In April, Roman Brother moved north and finished third to Mr Brick and Quadrangle in the Wood Memorial Stakes at Aqueduct Racetrack. He was then sent to Churchill Downs where he prepared for the Derby by running second to the Californian colt Hill Rise in the Derby Trial Stakes. Four days later, Roman Brother was drawn on the outside of the twelve runner field for the Kentucky Derby, for which Hill Rise was made favorite ahead of Northern Dancer. Roman Brother was beaten four lengths in fourth place behind Northern Dancer, Hill Rise and The Scoundrel. After finishing fifth in the Preakness Stakes, Roman Brother broke a run of seven defeats by winning the $125,300 Jersey Derby at Garden State Park. Parke only ran the gelding because The Scoundrel had been injured, but Roman Brother took the lead on the turn into the stretch and drew clear to beat Mr. Brick by three lengths. A week later, he ran second to Quadrangle in the Belmont Stakes, finishing ahead of Northern Dancer and Hill Rise.
At the end of June, Roman Brother was sent to Arlington Park where he ran second to Dandy K when odds on favorite for the $100,000 Chicagoan Handicap. Two weeks later he finished third to Quadrangle in the Dwyer Stakes at Aqueduct. In August, Roman Brother ran fourth behind the filly Tosmah in the Arlington Classic and then contested the American Derby at the same track three weeks later. Starting the 2/1 favorite, he produced a strong finish to win the $134,300 prize by a length from Lt. Stevens. Roman Brother's next target was the inaugural running of the $144,820 New Hampshire Sweepstake at Rockingham Park. Ridden by Fernando Alvarez, Roman Brother came from last place in the backstretch to win by half a length from Knightly Manner in a track record time of 1:55.8. It was the gelding's fifth win in seventeen runs since the start of the year, and took his career earnings to $627,008. Two weeks later he defeated Lt. Stevens by a nose the Discovery Handicap at Aqueduct.
In October, Roman Brother was moved up in distance for another meeting with Quadrangle in the Lawrence Realization Stakes over one and five-eighth miles at Aqueduct. Roman Brother failed by a nose to catch Quadrangle, but appeared an unlucky loser, having been blocked on three occasions and being given a "poorly judged" ride by Alvarez. Roman Brother and Quadrangle met again in the two-mile Jockey Club Gold Cup on October 31, but most interest was attracted by Kelso, who was attempting to win the race for a fifth time and to become the biggest money winner in racing history. Roman Brother was no match for Kelso, who won easily, but proved the best of the three-year-olds, beating Quadrangle by six lengths for second place.
1965:four-year-old season.
For the start of his 1965 campaign, Roman Brother was sent to compete in California with initially disappointing results. He finished last of the ten runners in the Malibu Stakes at Santa Anita Park on January 2 and ninth behind Hill Rise in the San Fernando Stakes two weeks later. A move to Florida in February brought no improvement as he finished seventh to Sunstruck in the Seminole Handicap.
After a five month break, Roman Brother, ridden by his new regular jockey Braulio Baeza, returned in July to win an allowance race at Aqueduct, and then ran second to Pia Star in the Brooklyn Handicap, with Kelso in third. He won a minor race at Saratoga before finishing ahead of Kelso again in the Aqueduct Stakes in September, when the geldings finished third and fourth behind Malicious. Roman Brother then finished second to the mare Old Hat in the Michigan Mile And One-Eighth Handicap.
With Kelso ruled out for the season with an eye injury Roman Brother dominated the rest of America's older horses in October, winning all three of his races. On October 2 he won the Woodward Stakes from Royal Gunner, with Malicious taking third. Ten days later, Roman Brother won the Manhattan Handicap by eight lengths from Hill Rise. According to the New York Times, the manner of his victory "left little doubt of his superiority" over the rest of the Handicap division. On October 30 at Aqueduct, Roman Brother appeared for a second attempt at the Jockey Club Gold Cup. Taking the lead on the final turn, he drew away from his rivals to win by five lengths from Berenjenal. According to the Associated Press reporter, Baeza "never had an easier ride".
On his final race of the season, Roman Brother moved onto turf and was made favorite for the Washington, D.C. International Stakes at Laurel Park Racecourse. Roman Brother was among the leaders from the start, but although he proved the best of the American runners he finished third behind the French-trained runners Diatome and Carvin.
Roman Brother was named 1965 Horse of The Year after topping a poll organised by the publishers of "Daily Racing Form", becoming the first horse sold at public auction to be so honored. The two-year-old filly Moccasin won the two rival polls organized by the Thoroughbred Racing Association and "Turf and Sports Digest", beating Roman Brother by 44 votes to 39 in the latter poll. Roman Brother was named Champion Handicap horse in all three polls.
1966:five-year-old season.
Roman Brother opened his five-year-old seaon by winning a seven furlong race at Hialeah on January 25. The prize took his career earnings to $940,403, leading to speculation that he was poised to become the next equine millionaire. On February 5, Roman Brother, carrying 126 pounds, started 1/2 favorite for the Seminole Handicap at the same track. The gelding seemed unsuited by the slow pace and was never in contention, finishing fourth to Convex. Roman Brother sustained an injury to his left ankle in the race which forced him to miss an intended run in the Widener Handicap. The injury did not respond to treatment, and Roman Brother was retired from racing.
Retirement.
Roman Brother spent his retirement at Harbor View Farm before being moved to Stephen and Gary Wolfson's Happy Valley Farm after sale of Harbor View.
The Roman Brother Handicap, a race restricted to Florida-breds and run at Hialeah, was named in the gelding's honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20260649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260649" title="Papyrus 113">
Papyrus 113

Papyrus 113 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_1113, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Epistle to the Romans. The surviving texts of Romans are verses 2:12-13; 2:29, they are in a fragmentary condition. 
The manuscript paleographically has been assigned by the INTF to the 3rd century. According to Comfort first half of the 3rd century. 
The manuscript is currently housed at the Papyrology Rooms, of the Sackler Library at Oxford University with the shelf number P. Oxy. 4497.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is too small to determine its textual character. 
No readings to be added. 

</doc>
<doc id="20260666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260666" title="Bill Conterio">
Bill Conterio

William "Connie" Conterio (born November 29, 1929 in Chicago, Illinois) was an American soccer midfielder who was a member of the United States soccer teams at the 1952 and 1956 Summer Olympics.
Career.
Conterio was born in Chicago at the start of the Great Depression. He grew up on the northwest side of Chicago to a family which struggled financially. Despite these difficulties, Conterio became involved in athletics at Portage Park. This led him to playing Juvenile Ball with a Norwegian-American club. He credits that coach with teaching him to become ambidextrous. Conterio graduated from Schurz High School in 1948. In high school, he earned nine varsity athletic letters in soccer, tennis, and wrestling. As captain, he led the Schurz H.S. soccer team to two Chicago City Championships, twice being named as an All-State soccer player. He was voted Most Athletic by his classmates and was later inducted into the school's Sports Hall of Fame.
Conterio played for several adult soccer teams before joining the Chicago Slovaks of the National Soccer League of Chicago. In 1952 he was chosen for the U.S. Olympic Soccer Team 1952 Summer Olympics, but did not enter any games in the tournament. Conterio also spent time in the bid 1950s in the U.S. Army. After his discharge in 1956, he was chosen for the 1956 U.S. Olympic team. He played one game during that tournament. After the Olympics, Conterio joined the Chicago Polish Falcon. He found the situation with the Falcons unpleasant and returned to the Slovaks after two games.
Personal life.
He later worked for Stalford Chemical Company in Omaha, Nebraska. His daughter Amy's children, Andy Huftalin, Nick Huftalin, Mitch Huftalin, and Matt Huftalin, all play soccer today. Nick plays as a goalkeeper for Carthage College, Andy as striker for the Marquette Golden Eagles, and the 1997-born twins, Mitch and Matt, for Rockford Raptors Soccer Club in Rockford, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="20260667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260667" title="Kinkar Daw">
Kinkar Daw

Kinkar Daw (born 4 September 1940) was an Indian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Bengal. He was born in Calcutta.
Daw made a single first-class appearance, during the 1958-59 Ranji Trophy competition, against Orissa. Daw scored 4 runs in the only innings in which he batted.
Daw's uncle, Probodh Dutt, played for Bengal between 1936 and 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="20260683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260683" title="Christian Hansen Wollnick">
Christian Hansen Wollnick

Christian Hansen Wollnick (8 October 1867 – 27 March 1936) was a Norwegian newspaper editor, jurist and politician for the Labour Party.
He was born in Tjølling as the son of a shipmaster. He took his secondary education in Skien in 1885, and worked one year as a school teacher in Larvik. He then embarked on several parallel careers; he enrolled in the military, studied law parallel and pursued a journalistic career. As a military officer he reached the ranks of Premier Lieutenant in 1894 and Captain in 1903. He had started early as a journalist, and edited the newspaper "Ørebladet" from 1891 to 1892. In 1895 he graduated with the cand.jur. degree. He spent the years 1896 and 1897 as a law clerk in Trondhjem, before moving to Kristiansund N. Here, he was a solicitor from 1899 to 1904, and also edited the local newspaper "Møre Tidende". He was also a deputy member of the city council for a short period.
He then worked as a solicitor in Kristiania, before moving to Kristiansand S in 1909. Parallel to working as a solicitor there, he edited "Sørlandets Socialdemokrat". In 1921 he was hired as police attorney. From 1929 to 1936 he served as town clerk. He was also director of the municipal cinema company, chaired the school board and the local Riksmål association. A member of the city council from 1919 to 1925, the last term in the executive committee, he was also elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1919. He served one term, representing the Labour Party.

</doc>
<doc id="20260687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260687" title="Paty Yeye Lenkebe">
Paty Yeye Lenkebe


</doc>
<doc id="20260694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260694" title="Mr. Monk is Miserable">
Mr. Monk is Miserable

Mr. Monk is Miserable is the seventh novel in the Monk mystery book series by writer Lee Goldberg. It was published on December 2, 2008.
Plot summary.
Natalie wants a break so she blackmails Monk in going to Paris, France. While in Paris, Monk surprises Natalie by telling her he wants to check out the sewers because the underground maze of tunnels and pipes is famous for keeping Paris sanitary. While traveling the mazes of the sewers, the two stumble upon the catacombs, which are filled with aging skulls and bones. When Monk spots a skull that is not so old that shows evidence of murder, the pair's vacation plans are once again put aside so Monk can conduct a murder investigation.
Plot Synopsis.
Having agreed (or rather, been blackmailed) to stop over in Paris, France at the conclusion of their last case in Germany, Adrian Monk accompanies Natalie Teeger for a few days in the City of Lights. They decide to travel there from Lohr by flying (despite Monk having a fear of flying). While they are on the flight, another man dies from a severe allergic reaction to peanut oil, and Monk figures he was murdered, and is able to expose one of the flight attendants as the killer.
When their plane arrives in Paris, Monk and Natalie get taken into a separate room to be questioned about what they saw during the incident. The chief prefecture of the Paris police, Inspector Phillipe Le Roux, immediately recognizes Monk as the man who solved a homicide in Paris by merely reading an article in a San Francisco newspaper. During their first night, Monk is able to point out the things that suggest that Natalie has been in Paris before, with Mitch.
Natalie is full of plans for things she wants to see, but Monk surprises her with his own desire: visiting the Paris Sewer Museum. She's always thought that Monk would rather die than go down a sewer, but Monk says that the Paris sewers were the first of their kind, and helped make the city a pioneer of sanitation in Europe - an achievement that actually might be worth considering paying tribute to. 
After travelling through the maze that is the sewer system, our duo enters the catacombs, a massive ossuary for the city's long-dead residents. But among them, Monk spots a skull that is not so old, and concludes that it belongs to someone who hasn't been dead for as long a time as everyone else whose skeletons line the catacombs.
At first, Natalie refuses to perform her assistant duties, and demands that Monk let her enjoy her vacation; and the next day, she drags him to dinner in a novelty restaurant called Toujours Nuit ("Always Night") - because the dining room is always kept in total blackness, and all the waiters are blind. Natalie tries to ease Monk into the experience by reminding him of the time when he was blinded by a firefighter's killer. During the dinner, a young woman who calls herself Sandrine appears mysteriously beside Monk and says she can tell him who the murdered man was. Before she can go further, there is an unusual noise, and the lights come up to show that the woman, whose real name is Aimee Dupon, has been stabbed to death with a steak knife. Natalie cannot help it - they are smack in the middle of the investigation. Monk is left with one unsolved question - how did the killer get in or out of the restaurant without being seen?
When Monk does an over-the-phone session with Dr. Kroger, Dr. Kroger asks to speak with Natalie. Over the phone, Dr. Kroger reprimands Natalie for her refusal to help Monk with these homicides. Natalie insists that she just wants to have a vacation, but Dr. Kroger points out that what she is using is something called emotional blackmail - essentially, she is attempting to make Monk someone he is not. Monk's detective abilities are what help him identify himself in the world. His need to detect is not something that Natalie is going to be able to change. She can't blame Monk for being the person he always has been. She'll have to find some form of a compromise between them or they'll both have a very long day. 
Monk and Natalie go to the police station later that night, and are surprised to see Captain Stottlemeyer and Lieutenant Disher waiting for them. The skull that Monk found in the catacombs has been identified through dental records as belonging to Nathan Chalmers, a notorious con artist back in the States, the architect of a massive Ponzi scheme whose victims included many of California's wealthiest and brightest. It was believed that he committed suicide ten years ago, but the skull has been proven to be Chalmers, and proves that he faked his death and escaped to Europe - a case embarrassing enough to send the two American detectives to Paris on the Commissioner's orders, so as to do damage control. 
From what the Paris Inspectors have learned from Natalie's and Monk's statements, they have found video surveillance tapes showing that Aimee followed them around town for several hours before she was killed. They question her former employer at a publishing company. The publisher says that Aimee quit in protest after the company rejected a graphic novel submitted by her lover, Antoine Bisson, a freelance artist. Bisson, it seems, enjoys exploring Paris's underground community, and his novel featured a romanticized portrait of a Freegan community that occupies condemned buildings and the underground tunnels. As part of their stand against consumerism, they do not hold jobs and instead subsist on food and other wares salvaged from other people's garbage. Bisson, disgusted, admits during questioning that Aimee was carried away by the romance and decided to join the community, ignoring its grittier reality. 
Their next person of interest is Lucien Barlier, the charismatic leader of the underground Freegans. He claims that Chalmers, under the assumed name of "Bob Smith," joined the Freegan community, and encouraged several of the Freegans who looked up to Barlier to "break away" and follow him in actively punishing consumerists instead of just living off their refuse. Stottlemeyer later discovers that, for Bob Smith/Nathan Chalmers, this meant committing identity theft with papers salvaged from peoples' trash cans, and stealing thousands, perhaps millions, of euros. Aimee, it seems, left Barlier to go with Chalmers. 
It seems obvious that whoever killed Chalmers also killed Aimee, to silence her. Barlier says he didn't commit either crime, but Monk is sure that any man who lives in a sewer and eats other people's garbage has to be insane, not to mention guilty. Natalie, however, is charmed into accepting a dinner date with him. 
In the middle of their date, in Barlier's underground "lair," Monk and the detectives burst in, led there by Antoine Bisson, and arrest him for the murder of Aimee Dupon. Evidence found in the restaurant connects Barlier's lair with clues found in the restaurant.
Natalie protests, remembering that they have all overlooked one important point, but Monk is one step ahead of her, as always. It turns out that Barlier's arrest is just a trap to catch Antoine Bisson, the real killer.
Here's What Happened.
The detectives head to Antoine Bisson's studio, and find that Bisson has made a painting of a chipped plate. Monk recognizes the plate as one he had thrown out when he went to Toujours Nuit, and on that cue, the police bring in the original plate, salvaged from the trash.
Monk reveals that Bisson killed Chalmers for taking Aimee away from him, intending to frame Barlier for the crime. However, after the skull was discovered, Aimee recognized it as being Chalmers's skull, and also realized that as Barlier would never resort to violence, Bisson had to be the real killer. He killed her to stop her from confessing. By leading Monk and the other detectives to Lucien's home in the labyrinth of the sewers, Bisson has confirmed that he knew the way there, and thus proven that he planted the evidence there and at the crime scene to frame Barlier. 
Bisson says there's no proof, but Monk reveals that Toujours Nuit was a dark place. The killer had to be able to see in the dark, and Bisson owns a set of night vision goggles for his sojourns into the sewers, which Barlier does not. 
Bisson confesses, and then, in true Gallic fashion, chooses to jump to his death out of guilt for killing the woman he loved. Barlier is exonerated, and he and Natalie spend a romantic day above ground around the city. 
Meanwhile, between solving two murders, and getting to drive a motocrotte (a motorcycle retrofitted to clean dog droppings off the streets) during his off-time, Monk is a happy man, and admits that their enforced French vacation has had its points of success.

</doc>
<doc id="20260710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260710" title="Meic Stephens">
Meic Stephens

"For the singer, see Meic Stevens."
Meic Stephens (born 1938) is a Welsh literary editor, journalist, translator and poet.
Biography.
Stephens was born in 1938 in the village of Treforest, near Pontypridd, in Glamorgan. He studied at Aberystwyth University and Bangor University, and at the University of Rennes in Brittany.
From 1962 to 1966 he taught French at Ebbw Vale in Monmouthshire.
In Merthyr Tydfil he established the Triskel Press and in 1965 he began the periodical, "Poetry Wales".
He learnt Welsh as an adult, and became a member of Cymdeithas yr Iaith Cymraeg and of Plaid Cymru.
From 1967 until 1990 Stephens was literature director of the Welsh Arts Council. Before retiring he was professor of Welsh Writing in English at the University of Glamorgan. He was also a visiting professor in the English department of Brigham Young University, Utah, US. He has written many articles about literature in Wales for the newspaper, the "Western Mail", and obituaries of eminent Welsh people for "The Independent" newspaper.
He is the father of radio presenter Huw Stephens.

</doc>
<doc id="20260718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260718" title="Sally Price">
Sally Price

Sally Price, born Sally Hamlin(16 September 1943) in Boston, is an American anthropologist, best known for her studies of so-called “primitive art” and its place in the "imaginaire" of Western viewers.
Career.
Price attended Walnut Hills High School in Cincinnati and then Harvard College, where she majored in French Literature, graduating in 1965 after spending her junior year at the Sorbonne in Paris. In 1963 she married anthropology graduate student Richard Price and together they began conducting fieldwork together during summers – in a fishing village in Martinique (1963), in a village in rural Andalusia, Spain (1964), and among Zinacanteco Indians in Chiapas, Mexico (1965 and 1966) as part of a large Harvard-led project in the area. After a brief trip to Suriname to explore the possibility of conducting long-term field research among the Saramaka Maroons of the interior, the Prices returned for a two-year residence in the village of Dangogo, on the upper Suriname River. This experience formed the foundation of much of their subsequent contribution to the discipline of anthropology and the field of African American studies.
Returning from Suriname, the Prices spent a year in the Netherlands, working with Dutch scholars of Maroon societies such as anthropologist A.J.F. Köbben. Their first child (Niko Price, currently Europe Editor for the Associated Press) was born there and their second (Leah Price, Professor of English Literature at Harvard) arrived a year later in New Haven, while Richard Price was teaching at Yale University. It was only later that Sally Price attended graduate school, receiving her Ph.D in Cultural Anthropology from Johns Hopkins University in 1982. Two subsequent years of research in the Netherlands expanded relations with Dutch colleagues, and in 2000, Sally Price was honored by being elected to the prestigious Koninklijke Nederlandse Akademie van Wetenschappen (Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences).
After a dozen years at Johns Hopkins, followed by two years in Paris for a combination of teaching and research, the Prices returned to the fishing village in Martinique where they had begun their careers, establishing it as a base for a series of visiting appointments (at, for example, the University of Minnesota, Stanford University, Princeton University, and the Universidade Federal da Bahia in Brazil). In 1994, Sally Price took on a one-semester-a-year post as Duane A. and Virginia S. Dittman Professor of Anthropology and American Studies at the College of William and Mary, alternating her time between the College and her base in Martinique.
Contributions.
Price’s early work, which focused on the Maroons of Suriname, included "Co-Wives and Calabashes", “an analysis of the ways that cultural ideas about the genders influence Saramaka women’s art and artistic activity and the complementary contributions that these artistic activities make to their social life,” which won the University of Michigan’s Alice and Edith Hamilton Prize in Women’s Studies. Later, inspired by her experiences as a guest curator of Maroon art for a UCLA-based traveling exhibition, she began exploring Western constructions of non-Western art. Her "Primitive Art in Civilized Places" (published in English, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Spanish, and Portuguese) has sparked much debate, “rattling glass cases throughout the art world,” as one critic put it. In her role as a Caribbeanist, she co-edited (with Sidney W. Mintz) "Caribbean Contours" (dubbed “the best single book available today for courses on Caribbean society and politics”) and together with Richard Price, she has written books on a variety of subjects, from artist Romare Bearden’s life in the Caribbean to Maroon arts, folktale traditions, public folklore, the history of anthropology, art forgery, and artifact collecting (this last illustrated by Sally Price with 50 pen-and-ink sketches). Her recent work has been based in two distant parts of France--French Guiana, where she continues her ethnographic studies of Maroon culture, and Paris, where she has written on the politics, both personal and national, involved in the creation of Paris’s new museum of African, Asian, Oceanic, and Pre-Columbian art.

</doc>
<doc id="20260722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260722" title="Grade I listed buildings in Oxfordshire">
Grade I listed buildings in Oxfordshire

There are approximately 372,905 listed buildings in England and 2.5% of these are Grade I. The districts of Oxfordshire are Oxford, Cherwell, South Oxfordshire, Vale of White Horse, and West Oxfordshire. As there are 381 Grade I listed buildings in the county they have been split into separate lists for each district.

</doc>
<doc id="20260724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260724" title="Tørris Johnsen Worum">
Tørris Johnsen Worum

Tørris Johnsen Worum (1784 – ??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1824, representing the constituency of Nordre Throndhjems Amt. He worked as a farmer there. He served only one term.
He was the father of Johannes Tørrissen Worum.

</doc>
<doc id="20260727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260727" title="Andrés Ibáñez Province">
Andrés Ibáñez Province

Andrés Ibáñez Province is one of the fifteen provinces of the Bolivian Santa Cruz Department, situated in the western part of the department. Its capital is Santa Cruz de la Sierra which is also the capital of the department.
The province was created on December 6, 1944, during the presidency of Gualberto Villarroel López.
Location.
Andrés Ibáñez Province is located between 17° 30' and 18° 15' South and between 62° 48' and 63° 40' West. It extends over 110 km from west to east, and 90 km from north to south. 
The province is situated in the Bolivian lowlands and borders Ignacio Warnes Province and Sara Province in the north, Ichilo Province in the northwest, Florida Province in the southwest, Cordillera Province in the southeast, and Chiquitos Province in the east.
Climate.
Andrés Ibáñez Province is situated in an area of a semihumid tropical climate. It is characterized by a very short dry season in the months of July and August and sufficient precipitation during the rest of the year, reaching a maximum in January.
The monthly average temperatures are a tropical 20 to 26°C, with the lowest temperatures in the dry season when nights are slightly colder because the cloud cover is broken. The yearly average temperature is 23.9°C.
Division.
Andrés Ibáñez Province comprises five municipalities which are further subdivided into cantons.
Population.
The population of Andrés Ibáñez Province has increased by circa 130% over the recent two decades:
50% of the population is of European descent
40% of the population is Mestizo.
10% of the population is native to Bolivia

</doc>
<doc id="20260736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260736" title="Johannes Tørrissen Worum">
Johannes Tørrissen Worum

Johannes Tørrissen Worum (1817 – ????) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1854 and 1859, representing the constituency of Nordre Throndhjems Amt. He worked as a teacher there.
He was the son of Tørris Johnsen Worum.

</doc>
<doc id="20260737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260737" title="Coppertone sign">
Coppertone sign

The original plastic, metal and neon Coppertone girl sign was designed and made in 1958 by Tropicalites, a sign company owned by Morris (Moe) Bengis. Tropicalites was located on North West 54th Street in Miami, three blocks from Biscayne Boulevard, near where the sign is planned to be reinstalled.
Before producing the original Coppertone Girl sign, Moe Bengis met with Benjamin Green, who invented the Coppertone product in his kitchen in 1944 and Abe Plough, the founder of Schering-Plough which bought Coppertone in 1957. Tropicalites' sketch artist Larry Moore drew most of the original sign layouts from a design of the little girl and dog created in 1953 by the advertising agency Tally Embry.
The original Coppertone logo was the profile of an Indian chief, and the slogan was "Don't Be A Paleface." Native Americans took offense, so the Taly Embry agency was hired to come up with a new ad campaign and logo.
Supposedly, the inspiration for the Coppertone girl was Deborah Martin, who was the granddaughter of early Coppertone owner Charles E. Clowe. Clowe's wife Sophia noticed that Martin's training pants had slipped and exposed her bottom while poolside. She then remarked to her husband that such an image on a billboard would be more appealing to her than sexy girls.
After Schering-Plough had bought Coppertone, the original designs were lost in a fire.
In 1959 Joyce Ballantyne Brand recreated the now iconic Coppertone Girl artwork with very minor changes.
Marvin Goodman, Morris Bengis' son-in-law came to work in 1958 for Tropicalites and was involved in the 1959 installation of the sign at its original location on the north wall of Parkleigh House at 530 Biscayne Boulevard. The 3-story-high sign overlooked the New Year's Eve Orange Bowl Parade route.
Tropicalites produced many signs in their Miami workshop including Rayco (the original Tropicalites label may still be on the sign), the Vagabond Motel in MiMO, Burger King (Tropicalites made the first 700 signs for them) and all original Royal Castles. Morris' son Jerome Bengis knew Bill Singer, the founder of Royal Castle). Other prominent signs near the Parkleigh House were also made by Tropicalites: Delta Air Lines, Hertz Rent-A-Car and the Sinclair dinosaur.
Moe Bengis merged Tropicalites with Claude Southern Corp., creating one of the largest sign companies in the United States in the early 1960s. Unhappy with the new company, Moe left with his original sketch artist Larry Moore, Marvin Goodman and his two main accounts; Burger King and Coppertone. After graduating from college in 1968, Moe's son Jerome came into the company, now called Bengis Associates. Jerry handled both accounts as Morris was ill. The Coppertone account became huge grew, with roughly 500 signs all over the east coast, with the most prominent being the original on the Parkleigh House which will now adorn the streets of MiMO.
In 1991 the sign was removed from Parkleigh House to make room for the expansion of Miami-Dade Community College. Schering-Plough donated the sign to the people of Miami and placed it in the care of Dade Heritage Trust. Miami's Coppertone girl sat in a warehouse until 1995 when the repaired girl, her dog and letters were mounted on the east wall of the Concord Building at 66 West Flagler Street across from the courthouse.
In 2008 another forced relocation brought Miami's girl back to Tropical Signs of Florida, now known as American Tropical Signs & Service. Tropical Signs of Florida was the iteration of Tropicalites/Bengis Associates in 2009. The sign was donated by Dade Heritage Trust to MiMO Biscayne Association, which oversaw the restoration of the Coppertone girl. She was returned to her old neighborhood along with the dog on the side of a building at 7300 Biscayne Boulevard.
The sign is high by wide, the little girl stands high and with her dog is wide. Her head rises above the roof line of the building.
As of late 2011 the sign has been in need of repair and funding. The owner, MiMo Association said they could not continue paying for insurance and maintenance. Merck, the parent company of Coppertone sunscreen makers Schering-Plough agreed to help and promised to pay US$1800 for insurance and upkeep for the next five years.

</doc>
<doc id="20260768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260768" title="Hans Henrik Wærenskjold">
Hans Henrik Wærenskjold

Hans Henrik Wærenskjold (12 August 1820 – 28 March 1909) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1851, representing the constituency of Holmestrand. He worked as a baker and shop keeper there.
He was born in Tønsberg, and died in Sandstad. He married Olava Lauretiusdatter Falkenberg from Tønsberg in 1841, and the couple had several children.

</doc>
<doc id="20260770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260770" title="Ken Jammeh">
Ken Jammeh


</doc>
<doc id="20260782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260782" title="John Johnsen Wold">
John Johnsen Wold

John Johnsen Wold (1795 – ??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1845, representing the constituency of Nordre Throndhjems Amt. He worked as a farmer there. He only served one term.

</doc>
<doc id="20260793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260793" title="List of songs recorded by U2">
List of songs recorded by U2

This is a comprehensive list of U2 songs that have been officially released. The list includes songs that have been performed by the entire band, as well as tracks released under the band's side project with Brian Eno, known as "Passengers". Other side projects, including contributions by solo members of the band, are not included in this list. The list consists of mostly studio recordings; remixes and live recordings are not listed, unless the song has only been released in one of the two formats. Singles are listed as having been released on their respective album, unless the single has no associated album. Only one release is listed per song, unless the song was featured on multiple releases at the same time. All songs (totaling in 240) were written by U2 unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20260804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260804" title="Bharathi (film)">
Bharathi (film)

Bharathi ( is a National Film Award-winning 2000 Indian Tamil-language film starring Sayaji Shinde, Devayani and Nizhalgal Ravi. It is a biographical film based on the life of Mahakavi Subramaniya Bharathiyaar.
The film was directed by Gnana Rajasekaran and won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Tamil for the year 2000.
Plot.
It is a biographical film based on the life of Mahakavi Subramaniya Bharathiyaar.
Reception.
Malathi Rangarajan of "The Hindu" said, "THE MAJESTIC GAIT, the intimidating, piercing eyes that sparkle with a mix of eccentricity, anger, defiance and passion - Shayaji Shinde is indeed a remarkable choice for the role of Bharati." and "It is another fantastic break for Devyani as Chellamma, the wife of Subramania Bharati. Her soft, vulnerable docility and her helpless effete submission to her husband's impractical way of life have been beautifully portrayed." "Rediff" said, "Sayaji Shinde as Bharati is simply splendid. His is an impressive performance, with nary an inkling of the trepidation that he is enacting Bharati's role -- he, a Maharashtrian and Tamil, an alien tongue." "Thiraipadam.com" said, "This is a good biography, but in the end, it seems like it's more a collection of stories than a continuous film. Which is unfortunate because the film had great potential to be absolutely stunningly excellent."
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="20260814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260814" title="Leon Bolier">
Leon Bolier

Leon Bolier (; born 1980) is a Dutch classically trained trance composer, DJ, and record producer. His career began to flourish in 2008 with a number of successful song releases including the hit song "Ocean Drive Boulevard". He placed #95 on the DJMag's 2008 list of the top 100 DJ's in the world, and moved up 32 places in 2009, and rests at #68 in 2010. He has had his songs played by top DJs like Tiësto and Armin van Buuren as well as his tracks appearing on famous trance compilations such as "" and "A State of Trance 2006". His latest album, Phantasma, was released on August 30, 2010. By the following year, which coincided with his complete dropping out of the DJMag's list of the top 100 DJ's, the first vestiges of his change of heart in the musical style began to flourish, which had become more apparent over the course of time since and transformed into the new representative standard of his current works, as depicted in "Disco Davai" among such, which bear no resemblance to what he originally was recognized for.
Leon Bolier was the first artist to release a song on the independent record label "Spinnin Records", the song was titled "Signwave" he co-produced it with DJ Precursor. 

</doc>
<doc id="20260822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260822" title="G. S. Brown">
G. S. Brown

G. S. Brown was an Irish rugby international. He won three caps in 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="20260834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260834" title="Papyrus 114">
Papyrus 114

Papyrus 114 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_1114, is a copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Letter to the Hebrews. The surviving text of Hebrews are verses 1:7-12, they are in a fragmentary condition. The manuscript paleographically had been assigned by the INTF to the 3rd century. According to Comfort first half of the 3rd century. The manuscript is currently housed at the Papyrology Rooms (P. Oxy. 4498) of the Sackler Library at Oxford.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is too small to determine its textual character. 
In Hebrews 1:9 the words σου ο ΘΣ are unique reading. All other manuscripts have ο ΘΣ σου. 
In Hebrews 1:12 ως ιματιον with Papyrus 46, Codex Sinaiticus, Codex Alexandrinus, and Codex Vaticanus. Codex Claromontanus, Codex Mosquensis I, Codex Angelicus, Codex Porphyrianus, Codex Athous Lavrensis and manuscripts of the Byzantine text-type omitted these words.

</doc>
<doc id="20260837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260837" title="Grzegorz Gajewski">
Grzegorz Gajewski

Grzegorz Gajewski (born 1985 in Skierniewice) is a Polish chess player holding the title of Grandmaster (2006).
He was a member of the Polish team at the 38th Chess Olympiad in Dresden where he played on the fourth board scoring 6,5 points out of 10 games. Gajewski is probably most known in the chess world by the gambit type move 10...d5!? in the Ruy Lopez opening which he introduced in July 2007 during a tournament in Pardubice.
In 2011 he won the Cappelle-la-Grande Open.

</doc>
<doc id="20260857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260857" title="Kotor-class frigate">
Kotor-class frigate

The "Kotor"-class frigate is a class of anti-submarine warfare frigate built by the SFR Yugoslavia. It was developed on the basis of the Soviet "Koni"-class frigate, but with significant modifications and improvements. The Kotor-class was built at the Tito Shipyard in Kraljevica and commissioned in the Yugoslav Navy until the Yugoslav Wars, when in 1992 they were passed to the successor state Serbia and Montenegro. The "Kotor"-class frigates were passed on to the Montenegrin Navy in 2006.
Design.
The hull used sheet steel with a thickness of 3 to 15 mm, while the superstructure is made of aluminum alloy with a thickness of 2 to 10 mm. The superstructure was designed to reduce radar reflection.
The frigates are armed with four missiles, ship-to-ship P-21 or P-22 (NATO code SS-N-2 Styx). The weight of the missiles is 2607 kg, warhead weighing 480 kg, with a range from 8 to 80 km altitude flying at 25 or 50 meters, at a speed of Mach 0.9. They have infra-red self-guidance systems (P-22) or active radar guidance (P-21).
For air defense, the ships use OSA-M missile systems (NATO code SA-N-4 Gecko). It consists of the radio-controlled guided anti-aircraft missile RZ-13 mounted on the double ejector type missile rail ZIF-122, device management and shooting training operator. The RZ-13 missile can effectively destroy targets that fly at a height of 50-6,000 m at a distance to 15 km.
The ship has two quadruple launchers MTU-IV with four air Strela 2M missiles. Launchers are compatible with other, more modern MANPADS.
Two rocket twelve-barreled depth charge launchers RBU-6000 are intended for anti-submarine warfare. Their range is 350 to 5,500 m, with a maximum target depth of 400 m.
The frigates are also armed with artillery, consisting of a universal automatic AK-726 cannon caliber 2x76.2 mm and two AK-230 caliber 30 mm cannons.
The "Kotor" frigates are equipped with sensors to detect and track targets. To detect surface and air targets, the MR-302 Rubka (NATO codename Strut Curve) radar is used, which has an approximately 110 km range, while the RM 1226 Decca radar is intended for navigation. The MPZ-301 (NATO code Pop Group) radar system is used to fire Osa-M missiles, and for the management of artillery fire observation and sighting radar systems operation 9LV-200 MK-2 and sighting radar MR-104 Ris are used. The ships also have active sonar, radiological detectors, laser detectors and detector for radar irradiate. For the defense of anti-ship missiles frigate is equipped with infrared laser and Barricade type radar decoys.
The "Kotor"s are powered by CODAGE (combined), consisting of one M8G gas turbine, providing a maximum power of 14,720 kW and two Pielstick SEMT 12 PA 6V diesel engines, providing power of 280 kW by 3648. The ship has three propellers - two for diesel engines and one for the gas turbine. The main drive represents diesel engines and are used most of the time, while the gas turbine was designed to provide additional speed during the performance of combat tasks.
The other ship systems include a device for degaussing of the ship, two desalinization devices for the production of drinking water, devices for radio link, the device to receive data from hydro-acoustic buoys, devices for underwater connection, firefighting and drainage pumps, fuel pumps for the draft and oil, system air conditioning, fire system on the basis of halogen, equipment for the production of electricity and others.

</doc>
<doc id="20260858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260858" title="Christian Wilhelm Wisbech">
Christian Wilhelm Wisbech

Christian Wilhelm Wisbech (1832 – 1897) was a Norwegian naval officer and politician for the Conservative Party.
He was born in Bergen as the son of Christian Wisbech (1801–1869) and his wife Alida Georgine Brunchorst (1803–1860). He married Thora Heiberg.
Wisbech was a Captain in the Royal Norwegian Navy. He was also elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1883 and 1889, representing the constituency of Jarlsberg og Larviks Amt.
He died in 1897 in Horten.

</doc>
<doc id="20260862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260862" title="Whitefish Point Bird Observatory">
Whitefish Point Bird Observatory

The Whitefish Point Bird Observatory (WPBO) is located in Chippewa County, Michigan, USA, adjacent to the Whitefish Point Unit of the Seney National Wildlife Refuge. It operates as a non-profit, affiliate education and research facility of the Michigan Audubon Society. The Society and the WPBO together have recorded over 300 species of birds at Whitefish Point. As one of a network of bird observatories in the Canadian Migration Monitoring Network, the WPBO documents the bird population of the Great Lakes region through bird banding, data collection, and research studies.
History.
Birders from the Ontario Bird Banding Association and the Cranbrook Institute of Science established a spring hawk banding project in 1966 at Whitefish Point that was later expanded to survey migrating owls. This project lasted from 1966–1971 and was the forerunner of the WPBO.
Michigan Audubon formed a Whitefish Point Committee in 1976 to secure a license for access to the U.S. Coast Guard Whitefish Point Light Station except for the automated light and foghorn. The WPBO was established in 1978 as a non-profit organization supported by membership fees, donations and gifts, voluntary service, and grants from private and government institutions.
WPBO began annual monitoring of spring migrations beginning in 1979. By 1989 it expanded to include the monitoring of fall migrations and additional interpretative and research activities. In 1998, Michigan Audubon received a federal land patent for of the old light station property, which is now managed by the WPBO for research and educational activities.
Due to the researchers' exposure to extreme weather, WPBO adopted the procedures of observatories in Britain that use small buildings along the rocky points of the coast where people can stay to monitor migrating birds and keep records and report observations at the stations during migration. The WPBO has collaborated with Michigan Audubon to record over 300 species of birds at Whitefish Point.
Features.
The American Bird Conservancy designated Whitefish Point an internationally Important Bird Area. Whitefish Point’s land and water features create a natural corridor that funnels thousands of birds during spring and fall migrations, providing unique opportunities for research, education, and conservation programs. Golden eagles, Peregrine Falcons, Merlins, Boreal Owls, Great Gray Owls, Red-throated Loons, Red-necked Grebes, Scoters, and Jaegers (also known as Skuas) are just some of the birds that can be seen during migration.
Thousands of birds use Whitefish Point as critical stopover habitat to replenish energy reserves before venturing across Lake Superior during spring and fall migrations. A WPBO study found the highest density of migrant landbirds within of Whitefish Point, with higher densities along the shore than at inland locations.
The federally endangered Piping Plover returned annually at Whitefish Point for the first time in twenty three years when a pair of nesting plovers fledged three chicks at Whitefish Point in 2009. By 2012, three Piping Plover nests were confirmed at Whitefish Point. The sparsely vegetated, sand-cobblestone beaches at Whitefish are ideal breeding grounds for the Piping Plover. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service designated approximately of Whitefish Point shoreline as critical habitat for the bird, giving it protection under the Federal Endangered Species Act at Whitefish Point.
Research programs.
Staff and volunteers.
WPBO has a paid staff during migration that includes a field naturalist, two owl banders, a waterbird counter, and gift shop employees. Its eighteen-member board and volunteers conduct most of the operational duties, including conducting birding field trips and the annual fund raiser called the "Spring Fling".
Diurnal raptor census.
Professional staff document the migration of hawks, falcons and eagles that provides comparative data for long-term monitoring of raptor populations. The daily Raptor Census is conducted from the "Hawk Dune", which is about west of the Whitefish Point Lighthouse and about above Lake Superior's water level.
Raptor banders licensed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) "lure the birds from the sky into nearly invisible nets. Each bird is immediately released after it is banded and the details are recorded on an official log sheet which includes the date, time, location, and the bird’s species, age and sex." Researchers report that the increased capture of Merlin falcons at Whitefish Point in 2004 was "an environmental indicator that the merlins had come back (after the ban on the pesticide DDT)." 
Owls.
WPBO conducts the spring and fall banding of migrating owls, as well as a study of juvenile Northern Saw-whet Owl dispersal at Whitefish Point using nesting boxes and DNA analysis.
The 20-year owl banding project has recently increased the number of owls banded by as much as eightfold by the addition of audio lures that are used to broadcast owl calls. Owls are captured in high by wide specialty nets strung along clearings in the trees. Data are recorded with each banding and the owls are then released.
Researchers report that "nearly one-third of the Boreal Owls banded in North America have been banded by WPBO... The recent success of all three owl research seasons has begun to document that, on annual basis, Whitefish Point may very well play host to the largest and most diverse owl migration in North America."
Waterbirds.
Whitefish Point is an important spot for documenting and monitoring waterbird movements in the upper Great Lakes. The Audubon Society reports, "Between 18,000 and 21,000 Red-necked Grebes pass by the point each fall, representing approximately 25–40% of the estimated North American Population." Other significant counts at Whitefish Point include the Common Loon, Red-breasted Merganser, Common Tern, and Bonaparte's Gull.
The waterbird count is conducted during both spring and fall migrations from the beach near the tip of Whitefish Point. The daily eight-hour count starts at sunrise with some the highest numbers occurring on inclement days, but Whitefish Point's frequent fog makes it difficult to count during this weather condition.
Shorebirds.
For the first time in twenty three years, Piping Plovers nested at Whitefish Point and successfully fledged offspring in 2009. By 2012, three nesting pairs were confirmed at Whitefish Point that successfully fledged eleven young. In 2010, the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation awarded a $150,000 grant to Lake Superior State University to intensely monitor nesting Piping Plovers at Vermilion, Whitefish Point, and other shoreline areas in the Eastern Upper Peninsula. The USFWS designated the shoreline from Whitefish Point to Grand Marais, Michigan as critical habitat for the Piping Plover. The Great Lakes population of Piping Plover are isolated and extremely vulnerable to extirpation from the Great Lakes region. On August 30, 2012, the USFWS added acres and more than of Lake Superior shoreline as critical Piping Plover habitat to Whitefish Point Unit of the Seney National Wildlife Refuge.
Songbirds.
The observatory conducts a census program to document migrant passerines at the Point, as well as songbird populations throughout the Upper Peninsula, with a special emphasis on rare species and neotropical migrants. The daily songbird census is combined with the hawk and waterbird counts "to produce a Daily Estimated Total for all species migrating through Whitefish Point."
Canadian Migration Monitoring Network.
Whitefish Point Bird Observatory is the only U.S.-based bird observatory in the Canadian Migration Monitoring Network. This North American network of observatories studies, tracks, processes, and shares enormous volumes of data about migrating birds from the Atlantic to the Pacific to show the "'big picture' of what birds populations are doing across the northern half of the North America."

</doc>
<doc id="20260866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260866" title="Robert Badjie">
Robert Badjie

<br clear="all">

</doc>
<doc id="20260877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260877" title="Intelligent Network Interface Device">
Intelligent Network Interface Device

An Intelligent Network Interface Device, more commonly known as an "iNID", is a system that provides triple play media services to customer homes. The system provides digital subscriber line access, advanced TV, and voice over internet protocol (VoIP) phone services to subscribed customers. The term may refer either to a standalone external residential gateway or to a system of multiple components that together provide RG functions. Models include the 2Wire HomePortal iNID and the Entone Crescendo iNID. AT&T's U-verse brand of services employs the 2Wire iNID as an alternative residential gateway.
Unlike the traditional Network Interface Device (NID) that it replaces, an iNID includes an outdoor unit that mounts to the side of the subscriber's home in a hardened, weather-resistant enclosure that is easily accessible by carrier technicians; it also can include an indoor unit and a battery backup.
By transferring intelligent gateway functions and all service and network terminations to the side of the house, the iNID eliminates the need to bring DSL into the house, eliminating the signal loss typical of in-home wiring. The location at the side of the house also allows for an easy connection between the iNID's integrated VoIP function and the home's existing phone wiring.
The outdoor location also provides carrier technicians with easy access to home coaxial cable wiring, which can be reused to distribute high-speed LAN technologies to video set-top boxes and other networked consumer devices throughout the home using HomePNA.

</doc>
<doc id="20260884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260884" title="Was Here (Subtle album)">
Was Here (Subtle album)

Was Here is the first live album from American alternative hip hop sextet Subtle.

</doc>
<doc id="20260908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260908" title="Jesús Moroles">
Jesús Moroles

Jesús Bautista Moroles (born September 22, 1950, Corpus Christi, Texas) is an American sculptor, known for his monumental abstract granite works. He lives and works in Rockport, Texas, where his studio and work shop are based, and where all of his work is prepared and finished before being shipped out for installation. 
Moroles earned an associate degree from El Centro College in Dallas, Texas in 1975, and a Bachelor of Fine Arts from the University of North Texas in 1978. After studying for a year in Italy, he returned to Texas and began producing his trademark large-scale granite sculptures. Jesus served 4-years in the United States Air Force. Among his best-known pieces are "Floating Mesa Fountain" (1984, Albuquerque Museum), "Lapstrake" (1987, CBS Plaza, New York City), and the Houston Police Officer's Memorial (1990, Houston, Texas). His works are displayed in numerous museums in the United States and other countries, including the personal White House Collection as well as the Smithsonian Institute. 
In 2008, Moroles was awarded the National Medal of Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="20260919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260919" title="J. L. Davis">
J. L. Davis

J. L. Davis was an Irish rugby international. He won two caps in the 1898 Home Nations Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20260934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260934" title="Axel Winge">
Axel Winge

Axel Winge (21 May 1827 – 19 December 1893) was a Norwegian businessperson and politician for the Conservative Party.
He was born in Christiania as the son of Paul Claussøn Winge and Anna Jakobine Gandil. In 1857 he married Elisabeth Marie "Betzy" Lasson, and they had the son Per Winge.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1889, representing the constituency of "Kristiania, Hønefoss og Kongsvinger". He served only one term. He was a commissioner at Kristiania Stock Exchange as well as consul at that time.

</doc>
<doc id="20260942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260942" title="Albert Ludovici, Sr.">
Albert Ludovici, Sr.

Albert Johann Ludovici (3 September 1820 in Zittau, Saxony – September 1894 in Vevey, Switzerland), son of Henriette Amilie (née Wölher 1795–1826) and Johann August Ludovici, (1789–1872).
After living in Chemnitz until 1843, he moved to Paris, where he studied at the Atelier Drölling and was a contemporary of the well-known artist Jean-Jacques Henner. He then moved to England, living in Margate, and started his career as a painter. Within two years he had established himself as a successful portrait painter and was able to return to Paris in 1850 to marry Caroline Grenier (1822–1893) and bring her back to England with him. He moved to Mornington Rd, London, where they had five children. He became a British citizen in 1871.
He had a long and established career, often exhibiting at the Royal Society of British Artists, where he was at one point treasurer. Included in the portraits he painted were King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra. Ludovici's friend, the sculptor Jules Dalou presented him and his family with a terracotta bust of Ludovici in gratitude for their help after Dalou left Paris and stayed with the Ludovici family in London. Albert Ludovici died in Vevey, Switzerland in September 1894.
Two of Albert's children became artists, his eldest son Albert Ludovici Jr., (1852–1932) and his second daughter Marguerite (Cathelin-Ludovici, 1856–1947). Albert Snr. was the Grandfather of Anthony M Ludovici, who although also a talanted painter, chose writing as a career.

</doc>
<doc id="20260944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260944" title="L 20 α-class battleship">
L 20 α-class battleship

L 20 α was a design plan for a class of battleships to be built in 1918 for the Kaiserliche Marine during World War I. The design was selected on 2 October 1917, and construction was to have started 11 September 1918. The ships would have been significantly larger than the preceding s, at 238 m (781 ft) long, compared to 180 m (590 ft) for the preceding ships. The ships would have been the first German warship to have mounted guns larger than 40.6 cm (16 in). However, Germany's declining war situation and the transfer of emphasis within the Navy from capital ships to submarines meant that the ships would never be constructed.
Design.
In January 1916, Vice Admiral Reinhard Scheer became commander in chief of the High Seas Fleet. Following the Battle of Jutland on 31 May – 1 June 1916, Scheer pushed for new, more powerful battleships. He demanded the new ships have guns of 42 cm (16.5 in) caliber, an armored belt thick, and be capable of speeds of up to , all on a displacement of up to . The new 42 cm gun was designed by 29 December 1916, and was approved on 11 September 1918, though none were actually built. After the outbreak of unrestricted submarine warfare in February 1917, Admiral von Capelle argued that capital ship construction should not be halted in favor of U-boat construction. On 21 August 1917, the construction department submitted two design proposals for the new battleship class, L 20 and L 24. The primary difference was the placement of the ships' torpedo armament. The L 20 design placed them in the hull below the waterline, while the L 24 proposal used above-water launchers. Displacement for the designs was fixed at . Both ships also had a top speed of only , which was unacceptable to Scheer.
During the design process, it was decided that the utmost concern was that the ships could be built quickly and placed into service. The ships were to discard the use of broadside belt armor below the waterline, the attachment of which was an extremely long process. It was believed that the higher speed of the class——would make up for the vulnerability to torpedo attack and make the armor unnecessary.The initial designs called for three main battery turrets, each mounting a pair of new 42 cm (16.5 inch) guns, though this was later increased to four twin turrets. However, the work that would have been necessary to design and test the new turret clashed with U-boat construction, which had become the priority of the Navy. Krupp, the firm that had been awarded the contract to conduct the testing, informed the "Reichsmarineamt" (RMA—the Imperial Navy Office) that design work on the new turret would have to wait. Capelle accepted the news without much objection. The RMA filed a report dated 1 February 1918, which stated that capital ship construction had ground to a halt, primarily due to the shifting priorities to the U-boat war.
Armament.
The main battery was arranged in four twin turrets, as in the preceding , in a superfiring arrangement on the centerline. The aft pair of turrets were separated by engine rooms. The four turrets mounted two 42 cm (16.5 in) SK L/45 guns, for a total of eight guns on the broadside. The 42 cm gun fired a shell out to at the maximum elevation of 30 degrees. The estimated muzzle velocity was The ships were to have been armed with a secondary battery of twelve 15 cm (5.9 in) guns mounted in casemates. The anti-aircraft battery was to have consisted of either eight 8.8 cm (3.45 in) Flak L/45 guns or eight 10.5 cm (4.1 in) Flak L/45 guns. The design was to have been equipped with three submerged torpedo tubes, either 60 cm (23.6 cm) or 70 cm (27.6 in) in diameter. One tube was placed in the bow, the other two on either beam to the rear of the engine rooms.
Armor.
The ships had a armored belt, and ran from slightly forward of the fore barbette to slightly aft of the fourth barbette. The belt began 35 cm below the waterline to above it. Directly above the main belt was a strake of armor plating that was thick. This section of side armor extended up to the upper deck. The ships' armored deck was to have been thick forward, increased to amidships, and aft. The ships were also to have had a forecastle deck that was thick. The ships were also protected by a torpedo bulkhead that was 50–60 mm thick. A sloped thick splinter bulkhead, designed to protect against shell fragments, extended from the top of the torpedo bulkhead up to the upper deck.
The barbettes were also 350 mm thick on the front and sides, but decreased to 250 mm on the rear. The main gun turrets had 350 mm faces, 250 mm sides, rears, and roofs. The secondary guns were protected with of armor plate.
Machinery and other characteristics.
The ships were to have been powered by either 2 or 4 sets of steam turbines driving 4 shafts. The steam plant consisted of 6 oil-fired and 16 coal-fired boilers trunked into a single funnel. Bunkerage was of coal and of fuel oil. The ships were intended to have a single tripod foremast, as was typical for German battleships of the period. Externally, the ships were very similar to the s.

</doc>
<doc id="20260945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260945" title="Murad Magomedov">
Murad Magomedov

He is currently the assistant of Maccabi Petah Tikva and in April 2012 came back from retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="20260949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260949" title="Piet Moeskops">
Piet Moeskops

Pieter Daniel Moeskops (November 13, 1893 – November 16, 1964) was a Dutch cyclist, who won the UCI Track Cycling World Championships - Men's Sprint 5 times in the 1920s.
Born in Loosduinen, as a boy he rode a delivery bike for his father's business. By 1914 he became the first Netherlands sprint champion, but the outbreak of the First World War meant that no international matches were organised. Only after the war could Moeskops turn professional.
In 1921 he won his first UCI World Title, beating the reigning world champion from Australia, Bob Spears. He retained the world title again for the next three years, and won it again in 1926. In 1925, in Amsterdam, he was beaten in the semi-finals. In 1929 and 1930 he reached the finals but was defeated by the Frenchman Lucien Michard. He was eight times Dutch professional champion, the last time in 1932.
Moeskops was a good tactician, studying opponents carefully so that he could predict where someone would attack him. For a cyclist he was very tall and was known as "Big Pete".
In 1930 Moeskops underwent major surgery which accelerated the end of his cycling career. His last major victory was in the Grand Prix of Alis (France) in 1933. In retirement he became the owner of a café. He was a national hero, and in 1963 he appeared on the television programme "Voor de vuist weg" with Willem Duys. A year later he died in The Hague, at 71 years of age.
Moeskops is buried at the 'Old Oak' cemetery in the Den Haag Dunes. The municipalities of Krugersdorp and Nijmegen, and the Loosduinen district of The Hague, have streets named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="20260971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260971" title="Mark C. Minton">
Mark C. Minton

Mark C. Minton currently serves as President of the Korea Society. A career member (retired) of the Foreign Service, he was the U.S. Ambassador to Mongolia from 2006 to 2009.
Career.
Minton began his 32-year Foreign Service career as a Political Officer at the U.S. Embassy in Tokyo in 1977. He served on the Policy Planning Staff in Washington, D.C., followed by an assignment with the Office of Soviet Union Affairs. In 1984, he became the Consul General in Sapporo, Japan. He has served in subsequent assignments with the Department of State’s Executive Secretariat, as a Pearson Fellow with the United States Senate, and as Deputy Director, Japanese Affairs, at the Department of State. 
In 1992, Minton became the Minister-Counselor for Political Affairs at the U.S. Embassy in Seoul, after which he returned to Washington as the Director of Korean Affairs. In 1998, he was appointed Minister-Counselor for Political Affairs at the U.S. Mission to the United Nations, followed by a year as Diplomat-in-Residence at the City College of New York. 
Before becoming Ambassador to Mongolia, Minton was Deputy Chief of Mission at the U.S. Embassy in Seoul, Republic of Korea. During his assignment in Seoul, he acted for over six months as "Chargé d’Affaires ad interim". 
Minton graduated from Columbia University with a B.A. in Literature and received his Master's degree in History from Yale University. He speaks Japanese and Korean. He also is a veteran of the United States Army, having served for three years.

</doc>
<doc id="20260993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260993" title="Witness to Apartheid">
Witness to Apartheid

Witness to Apartheid is a 1986 American documentary film directed by Sharon I. Sopher. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. Written by Sharon I. Sopher and Peter Kinoy, the film also won a Cine Golden Eagle. The filmmaker, Sharon I. Sopher, also won an Emmy Award for its direction.

</doc>
<doc id="20260995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20260995" title="Dean Taylor (baseball)">
Dean Taylor (baseball)

Dean Taylor (born April 19, 1951 in Brawley, California) is a front office executive in Major League Baseball who currently serves as the Vice President of Baseball Operations/Assistant General Manager for the Kansas City Royals.
Taylor began his major league front office career in 1981, working as the Administrative Assistant of Minor League Operations for Kansas City. Prior to that, he was a general manager for four years in the minor leagues. From 1982 to 1985, he was Assistant Director of Scouting and Player Development for the Royals. He served as Assistant to the General Manager of the Royals from 1986 until early 1990. In 1990, he was named as Manager of Baseball Operations for the Major League Baseball Commissioner's Office. In 1991, he became the Assistant General Manager of the Atlanta Braves and contributed to eight consecutive National League Eastern Division titles and the 1995 World Series Championship. On September 21, 1999, he was hired as the Senior Vice President of Baseball Operations and General Manager of the Milwaukee Brewers, a position he held until September 2002. He spent the 2003 season as a consultant for the Los Angeles Dodgers before being named as Assistant General Manager of the Cincinnati Reds in December of that year. In June 2006, he was selected to serve in his current position of Vice President of Baseball Operations/Assistant General Manager for the Kansas City Royals. He is a member of the MLB Safety and Health Advisory Committee and served as Chairman of the MLB Rules and Administration Committee during his tenure as the Brewers General Manager.
Taylor graduated from Claremont McKenna College in 1973. He is a 1975 graduate of the Ohio University Sports Administration Program and was selected as the program's 2001 Distinguished Alumnus.

</doc>
<doc id="20261008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261008" title="Scores (restaurant)">
Scores (restaurant)

Scores, also known as Scores Rotisserie BBQ, is a Montreal-based chain of restaurants in Quebec, Ontario and New Brunswick, Canada that was started in 1995.
In 2005, Scores (which then had 21 eat-in and three express locations) was purchased for $32 million by Pizza Delight Corp., a subsidiary of PDM Royalties Income Fund of Moncton, New Brunswick. PDM also owns Mikes and Bâton Rouge. The 36th opened in 2008 and there are currently "more than 40"

</doc>
<doc id="20261012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261012" title="Dumari">
Dumari

Dumari is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2947 people living in 523 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20261022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261022" title="Durgapur, Nepal">
Durgapur, Nepal

Durgapur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3466 people living in 650 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20261034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261034" title="Fulbariya">
Fulbariya

Fulbariya is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6710 people living in 1273 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20261035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261035" title="R. H. Massy-Westropp">
R. H. Massy-Westropp

R. H. Massy-Westropp was an Irish rugby international. He won one cap against England in 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="20261042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261042" title="Fulkaha Kati">
Fulkaha Kati

Fulkaha Kati is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6813 people living in 1237 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20261047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261047" title="Gadha, Nepal">
Gadha, Nepal

Gadha, Nepal is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3490 people living in 616 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20261051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261051" title="Joseph Pitcairn">
Joseph Pitcairn

Joseph Pitcairn was an American diplomat, landowner and the American consul to the free Hansa city of Hamburg. The town of Pitcairn in New York State is named in his honour. 
He married Lady Edward Fitzgerald, widow of the Irish Republican Lord Edward Fitzgerald in 1800.

</doc>
<doc id="20261055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261055" title="Gauripur, Nepal">
Gauripur, Nepal

Gauripur, Nepal is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2315 people living in 354 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20261058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261058" title="FC Dunărea Călărași">
FC Dunărea Călărași

FC Dunărea Călărași is a Romanian professional football club from Călăraşi, Călăraşi County, Romania, founded in 1962.
They currently play in the Liga III, Seria II in the 2013-2014 season after finishing 4th in the 2012–13 Liga III.
Honours.
Liga III:
Cupa României:

</doc>
<doc id="20261059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261059" title="Informaciones Jurídicas de 1666">
Informaciones Jurídicas de 1666

Background.
As soon as Bishop Zumárraga and his subordinates viewed Juan Diego’s miraculous tilma painting on December 12, 1531, devotion to Our Lady of Guadalupe began. News about the apparition became widespread and many people came to visit the Cathedral that would temporarily house the painting. According to Miguel Sánchez’s account of the Apparition, when the Paining was placed in the cathedral church, “all the city learned of it; and everyone was moved to such a degree that all wanted to see face to face this Miracle so new; and devotion hurried everyone to come together in Christian gatherings.” It would become so popular in the surrounding areas that a Hermitage was quickly held on December 26, 1531. This special devotion became such an important part of Mexican life that the local priests began to think about how to ask permission from the Pope for a special Mass and proper Office for celebrating the feast of Our Lady of Guadalupe. Unfortunately, little was done about this until Francisco Siles proposed a new plan to the Viceroy of New Spain in 1663. 
Testimony of the Painters.
This group of painters consisted of Juan Salguero, Tomás Conrado, Sebastián López de Avalos, Nicolás de Angulo, Juan Sánchez and Alonso se Zarate. These men were well-known, acclaimed artists, and were considered to be masters of painting. After examining the tilma painting, they all came to the conclusion that it was, “impossible that any human artist could have painted or created a work so smooth and outstanding and beautifully formed on a fabric so coarse and rough as the tilma.” In addition, these men found that the tilma was painted from the reverse side of the fabric and could not determine whether the Painting was done with oil or tempera paints and declared that only the, “Lord God alone knows the secret of this work.”
Testimony of the Physicians.
The three physicians called in to examine the image were don Luis de Cádenas Soto, don Jerónimo Ortiz, and don Juan de Malgarejo who were all Physicians-Royal of Mexico. They were brought in to observe how the colors on the tilma could still be so bright after 135 years. Declared that the damp and salty air from lake Texcuco in conjunction with the hot and humid climate should have caused de-lustering of the image and caused it to dull. On March 28, 1666, the three men declared that the brightness of the image colors could not be explained by natural means. 
Significance.
According to A.M. Sada Lambretón, the Proceedings of 1666 are very important as proof of the Guadalupe tradition and as support to the life, virtues, reputation and holiness and cult of Blessed Juan Diego. This collection of documents was reviewed during Juan Diego’s canonization in 2002. After a revival of the proceedings in 1723 by Bishop José Pérez de Lanciego Aguilar, the Office of Our Lady of Guadalupe was formally approved in 1894. 

</doc>
<doc id="20261063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261063" title="Gautari">
Gautari

Gautari is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3110 people living in 601 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20261069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261069" title="Wall Street Mill">
Wall Street Mill

The Wall Street Mill in Joshua Tree National Park was a complete and operable gold ore crushing mill featuring late-19th Century two-stamp mill machinery. Consequently the significance encompasses the mill machinery, the building which houses it, the well which supplied water for the mill's operation, and the well pump. It is the only gold ore crushing mill in the region that retains integrity.
The stamp mill building is framed with heavy timber and built on a downward sloping hillside to take advantage of gravity in the milling process. The roof and some of the exterior walls are covered with corrugated sheet metal, while some of the exterior walls have either vertical or horizontal wooden siding. At the top of the building a long wooden ramp supports the track of an ore tramway which carried ore from where it was unloaded from trucks to the top of the mill above the two-stamp Baker Iron Works crusher. A gasoline engine powered the mill; it was built by the Western Gas Engine Company of Los Angeles. A Myer concentrating table was used in separating the gold from the ore.
The complex included the mill, a well, a bunkhouse and an outhouse. The supporting buildings are largely ruinous.
The mill was built by Bill Keys, a local rancher, miner and character, using equipment moved from Pinon Wells. In the 1940s, Keys was involved in a dispute with Worth Bagley over access to the Wall Street Mill. Keys shot and killed Bagley in 1943 and placed a stone commemorating the event with the inscription: ""Here is where Worth Bagley bit the dust at the hand of W. F. Keys, May 11, 1943."" The marker is not a part of the Wall Street Mill historic district.

</doc>
<doc id="20261073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261073" title="Govindapur Malahanama">
Govindapur Malahanama

Govindapur Malahanama is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6758.

</doc>
<doc id="20261083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261083" title="Govindpur Taregana">
Govindpur Taregana

Govindpur Taregana is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6930.

</doc>
<doc id="20261090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261090" title="Hakpara">
Hakpara

Hakpara is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3395 people living in 595 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20261094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261094" title="Monzer Kahf">
Monzer Kahf

Monzer Kahf (born 1940 in Damascus) is a Syrian American professor of Islamic economics and finance. He received his Ph.D. in economics from University of Utah in 1975 and lives in Westminster, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20261106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261106" title="Dildo Run Provincial Park">
Dildo Run Provincial Park

Dildo Run Provincial Park is a provincial park located on New World Island, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. It was opened to the public in 1967. The nearest major town is Twillingate. There are 55 campsites, each with a picnic table, fireplace, garbage can, and room for a vehicle. Fifteen picnic sites offer a view of the ocean. There is also a 1.3 km hiking trail through the forest.

</doc>
<doc id="20261115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261115" title="Hanuman Nagar, Siraha">
Hanuman Nagar, Siraha

Hanuman Nagar is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4892 people living in 918 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20261121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261121" title="Euricase">
Euricase

The Euricase is a digital jewelry box invented in 2007 by Danny Oh and produced by Euri Inc. of Torrance, California USA. The name ""Euri"" is Korean for Crystal.
Euricase features a 2 inch full color LCD screen mounted inside the lid that automatically plays content uploaded by the user when opened, such as a personalized voice recording or video/audio content.
The Euricase comes in a number of finishes including a limited edition 24K gold plated ring box.
Features.
The Euricase is capable of storing up to 500 photos or 60 minutes of video for automatic playback on a 2 inch LCD screen mounted inside the lid of the box. It also doubles as a calendar or alarm clock. Other features of the device include USB connectivity, pre-loaded video conversion software, built-in memory and a rechargeable lithium battery.
How the Euricase works.
Using a USB interface the user connects the box to a PC and opens it. Preinstalled photo/video conversion software automatically opens on the computer screen and you simply drag and drop files from your computer desktop into the converter window. Once the files are processed, close the box and disconnect the Euricase from the computer.
Pop culture.
• Named "“Best of CES 2008”" on KUSI-TV.
• Appeared on CBS Valentine's Day evening news special.
• Appeared in music video "“He Said She Said”" by boy band pop group, Shinhwa.
• Dallas Morning News "“Ultimate Engagement Ring”."
• CNET named "“Ultimate Luxury of 2007”."
About the inventor.
The Euricase was developed in 2007 by Danny Oh, entrepreneur and inventor in Torrance, California in the United States.
References.
1. Ring Box with LCD Technology, JCKonline.com, 2007-10-03. Retrieved on 2008-11-17.
2. Ring box reveals electronic innovation, NationalJewelerNetwork.com, 2007-10-04. Retrieved on 2008-11-17.
3. Gold Wedding Ring Box Has 2-inch LCD, Plays Video, gizmodo.com, 2007-10-03. Retrieved on 2008-12-27.
4. Euri Inc Releases Multimedia Ring Box, idexonline.com, 2008-10-03. Retrieved on 2008-11-17.
Euricase Ring Box with LCD May be Cooler than the Ring, EverythingUSB.com, 2007-10-01. Retrieved on 2008-11-17.
Endless Love in a Box, TodaysGroomonline.com, 2007. Retrieved on 2008-11-17.
What's Modern, ModernJeweler.com, 2007-11-01. Retrieved on 2008-11-17.

</doc>
<doc id="20261124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261124" title="G. R. Symes">
G. R. Symes

G. R. Symes was an Irish rugby international. He won one cap against England in 1895.

</doc>
<doc id="20261146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261146" title="Harakathi">
Harakathi

Harakathi is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2202 people living in 358 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20261155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261155" title="La Première (Switzerland)">
La Première (Switzerland)

La Première (stylised La 1ère) () is the first French language radio station in Switzerland owned by Radio Suisse Romande (SRS). Founded in 1922, its programming is general, cultural and musical, its studios are located in Lausanne.
Broadcasting.
La Première is broadcast in Switzerland via FM, DAB, satellite radio (Hot Bird), cable radio and the Internet. Some programmes are provided as a podcast.

</doc>
<doc id="20261161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261161" title="Inarwa, Siraha">
Inarwa, Siraha

Inarwa, Sagarmatha is a Village Development Committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8032 people residing in 1451 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20261195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261195" title="Robert &quot;Robby&quot; Stern">
Robert &quot;Robby&quot; Stern

Robert Fred Stern, a graduate of the University of Washington's Law program, was involved as a leader of SDS and other new left activist organizations in the 1960s and early 1970s. He was first married to Susan Stern whom he met at Syracuse University and later married his current wife, Dina Burstein, with whom he has two children. He left his law office in 1993 and gained a position at the Washington State Labor Council where he served as Lead Lobbyist and Special Assistant to the President until his retirement in April 2008.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Robert Stern, the son of Holocaust survivors, was born on March 11, 1944 in Charlotte, North Carolina. He graduated 97th of 430 from Myers Park High School in Charlotte on May 31, 1961. These charges were dismissed by the District Court in Berkeley, but on appeal, they were reinstated and he ultimately pled guilty to lesser charges.
Later Years to Present.
He has been an attorney since 1974. Upon passing the Bar exam, he became a gardener at the University of Washington, where he became active in the Washington Federation of State Employees Local 1488. During this time, he also taught courses at Seattle Central Community College and became a member of the Washington Federation of Teachers. In 1977, he began his career as a pipefitter/welder working first at Todd Shipyards and then for Washington Natural Gas for ten years from 1979 to 1989. During that time, Stern became an active member of his union, Local 32 of the United Association of Plumbers & Pipefitters. He was elected to various positions within the union, including Sergeant at Arms and delegate to the King County Labor Council, and the Seattle/King County Building & Construction Trades Council.
In 1989, he left Washington Natural Gas to help build the house in which his family still resides. After completing the house, he re-took the Bar exam and after passing it, he opened a one-person practice in Seattle. He was hired, on a part-time basis, to do policy development and community coalition organizing on behalf of the King County Labor Council. In 1993 he closed his law practice to join the Washington State Labor Council. He held the position of Lead Lobbyist and Special Assistant to the President of the Washington State Labor Council from April 1, 1994 until his retirement in May 2008. He has also received many other recognitions and awards including awards from United Food & Commercial Workers Local 21, the Washington State Building and Construction Trades Council, the Washington chapter of the A. Philip Randolph Institute, Washington Community Action Network, and International Electrical Workers Union Local 77.
Governor Christine Gregoire declared May 2, 2008 Robby Stern Day in the state of Washington to honor him for his "...lifelong commitment to labor and working families..." in the State of Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="20261208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261208" title="Jim Dorrian">
Jim Dorrian

Jim Dorrian (born March 6, 1931 in Queens, New York) was a U.S. soccer player who was a member of the U.S. soccer teams at the 1956 Summer Olympics. At the time of the tournament, he played for Danish F.C. in the National Soccer League of New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20261241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261241" title="Itarhawa">
Itarhawa

Itarhawa is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3017 people living in 531 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20261242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261242" title="2008–09 Professional Arena Soccer League season">
2008–09 Professional Arena Soccer League season

The 2008-09 Professional Arena Soccer League (PASL-Pro) is the inaugural season for the league. The PASL-Pro is the largest indoor soccer league, hosting 21 teams spreading from Canada, the United States of America, and the Mexico. All US soccer clubs were invited to play in the United States Open Cup for Arena Soccer which 25 PASL-Pro and PASL-Premier teams, respectively, played in, as well as future PASL-Pro team, the San Diego Sockers.
The league kicked off at the Stockton Arena with the Stockton Cougars defeating the Colorado Lightning 10-5. The regular season concluded March 8, 2009 with 3 separate matches.
On March 15, 2009 the Stockton Cougars won the inaugural championship 13-5 over 1790 Cincinnati. Stockton's goalkeeper, Jesus Molina, was named the playoffs MVP
Standings.
As of March 15, 2009<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20261246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261246" title="National Green Week">
National Green Week

National Green Week is an annual campaign, started by the Green Education Foundation (GEF), that kicks off during the first week in February and lasts through the end of April. Schools and groups are encouraged to take this opportunity to spend time with students discussing sustainability topics and exploring ways they can make a difference. Participants select one of GEF's six sustainability themes to be their Green Week theme. Each program includes free lessons, activities, audits and contests. Free sustainability themed programs include I Ride Green, Green Energy Challenge, Green Thumb Challenge, Sustainable Water Challenge, Waste Reduction Challenge and the Green Building Program. In 2013, National Green Week is sponsored by the Sprint Foundation.
“By participating in National Green Week, students will learn that simple decisions such as the selection of waste-free snacks and drinks can combat monumental environmental problems,” says Victoria Waters, President and Founder, Green Education Foundation. “Children are in the best position to impact the future of our environment by developing green behaviors that become lifelong habits,” adds Waters.
Green Education Foundation (GEF) is a non-profit organization committed to creating a sustainable future through education. Sustainability education provides educators with the real-world applied learning models that connect science, technology, and math education with the broader human concerns of environmental, economic, and social systems. GEF provides curriculum and resources to K-12 students and teachers worldwide with the goal of challenging them to think holistically and critically about global environmental concerns and solutions.
National Green Week was conceived based on the results of the Fisher Green School Experiment. WALPOLE, MA — June 2008 — the first ever GEF “Green School Experiment” at a special event at the Fisher Elementary School in North Walpole, Mass. The educational program was introduced to students and faculty on June 3, 2008 and challenged them to adopt simple “green” habits to reduce their classroom waste by 50 percent.
Using their new IXG Green Packs — reusable water bottle, drink thermos, snack containers, organic cotton tee shirt, reusable shopping bag, bottle brush cleaner and instructional insert — Fisher Elementary students had the opportunity to experience firsthand how much of an impact these simple habits can have. In fact, their efforts far surpassed the Experiment’s goal, reducing classroom waste by an astounding 70 percent. Combined overall school waste was reduced by an equally impressive 53 percent.
An additional pilot was run in December 2008, at Weymouth Seach Elementary School in Weymouth Massachusetts.
National Green Week 2009, the Green Education Foundation's enlisted 2000 schools and nearly a half a million students nationwide. Over 250,000 participated in the "Waste-Free Snacks challenge, effectively eliminating over 100,000 lbs of trash including 1 million students which, according to WCVB TV, would reduce trash going to landfills by 2 million pounds for the very first National Green Week. By the end of the 2009 National Green Week, a total of more than 500,000 children in 900 schools across 48 states participated to reduce waste and promote sustainability.
National Green Week Pilot Schools.
The Fisher Green School Experiment.
Students at Fisher Elementary School in Walpole Massachusetts conducted a trash experiment. For two weeks they collected and weighed their trash, including juice boxes and snack wrappers. The school collected 450 lbs. of trash a day. Then they received a "Green Pack", which was itself a reusable shopping bag, and included a water bottle and reusable snack containers. They were able to reduce their trash by 70% using these "Green Packs" Teacher Lisa Grasso's third grade class in particular recorded less than an ounce of trash in 2 weeks.
The William Seach Green Week.
Like the students at Fisher Elementary, students at William Search Elementary in Weymouth Massachusetts weighed their trash. The school of 370 students collected 25 lbs. of trash a day. After receiving green packs, they reduced their trash by 86% to 3.4 lbs. of trash a day. Town employees were also encouraged to reduce waste by Weymouth Mayor Sue Kay. "That brings the parents into it. They kind of get into it with creating the lunches. And if we show our employees that the children are participating, then why can't we do it also?"

</doc>
<doc id="20261249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261249" title="Itari Parsahi">
Itari Parsahi

Itari Parsahi is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3302 people living in 664 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20261251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261251" title="Reckless Abandon (Andrew F album)">
Reckless Abandon (Andrew F album)

Reckless Abandon is the debut album by Andrew F. It was released on May 22, 2008, and it received a small number of sales in its first week released, causing it to debut at #71 on the Canadian Albums Chart. The first released single "The End" peaked at #10 on the Canadian Hot 100 based on the number of downloads, and has been certified gold by the CRIA.
Track listing.
All songs were written by Andrew F.

</doc>
<doc id="20261257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261257" title="Itatar">
Itatar

Itatar is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3308 people living in 612 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20261302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261302" title="Manx National Party (1977)">
Manx National Party (1977)

The Manx National Party was an offshoot of Mec Vannin, a nationalist party in the Isle of Man. Divisions within Mec Vannin caused the split in 1977, and the single Mec Vannin member of the House of Keys (Peter Craine) transferred his loyalties to the new party. When Craine ceased to be an MHK in 1981 the Manx National Party soon ceased to exist.

</doc>
<doc id="20261307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261307" title="Visniak">
Visniak

Visniak was a brand of soft drinks made by the "Saturn-Visniak Beverage Co." in Sloan, New York; the name of the brand was taken from the Polish word for "cherry". The company was founded in 1959, and closed in 2004, dissolving in 2009.
Description.
The label of the bottle said: "Pure, Healthful, Refreshing Beverage. Made with purified water, pure cane sugar and citric acid. Made in a modern, sanitary daylight plant". Visniak had several flavors, including: Cherry, Birch Beer, Ginger Ale, Club Soda, Cola, Diet Cola, and Grapefruit drink. The sizes were 7½ oz splits and 23.5 ounce bottles.
Company.
The company closed in 2004. The bottles could be returned, as there was a 20 cent deposit on each bottle. It is believed that the company's downfall came about because people were not returning the bottles, thus making it necessary to constantly buy new ones and cut into the profit margin. The Visniak bottles are considered collectible.

</doc>
<doc id="20261308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261308" title="Dix Dam">
Dix Dam

The Dix Dam is a dam on the Dix River located between Mercer and Garrard County, Kentucky. It was constructed to generate hydroelectricity and prevent flooding of the Kentucky River but is better known for creating Herrington Lake.
History.
Dix Dam was built to create a reservoir for operating a hydroelectric generating station. The dam also helped mitigate flooding on the Kentucky River by holding water in Herrington Lake during critical periods. Construction began in the fall of 1923, impoundment of water began on March 17, 1925, and the project was completed and power generation began in October 1927. The project cost more than US $7 million.
Dix Dam was constructed by Kentucky Utilities, a private corporation prior to the Great Depression. Consequently, Kentucky Utilities owns the land beneath Herrington Lake up to the maximum possible lake level of above sea level. It also owns Dix Dam.
When Dix Dam was built, it was the largest rock filled dam in the world. The top of the dam is above the riverbed and across and is wide at the top and wide at its base. Herrington Lake is the deepest lake in Kentucky. It is long, up to wide, covers and has of shoreline. It is deepest near the Dix Dam with water depth of and has a mean depth of . The estimated capacity of the lake is .
The hydroelectric generating station was originally designed to produce 30 megawatts of power. Over time other generating plants were constructed near the dam and the facility was named E. W. Brown Generating Station.
A coal-fired generator was added to the Brown Plant in 1957.
More recently, a combustion turbine generating facility was added with six turbine units - four more are planned. They are fueled by either natural gas or fuel oil.
Kentucky Utilities' systems control center has been located inside the Dix Dam plant since the 1920s. In 1954, they built a new control center near the dam. Subsequently, they have modernized and computerized the control center.
In 1991, Kentucky Utilities constructed a fish ladder in the Dix River near the dam as part of the Aquatic Habitat Enhancement Project, with the aim of protecting and increasing the trout population in the Dix River.
Current status.
The original hydroelectric plant is now used mainly when heavy rainfall results in above normal lake elevation. The plant produces 24 megawatts of power with all three units on.
The three coal-fired generators can produce 700 megawatts of electricity, more than one-fifth of KU's total capacity.
An average of of coal is burned annually at Brown Station.
Four of the combustion turbine units can deliver 110 megawatts each; the other two can produce 164 megawatts each. 
During periods of high demand, the combustion turbines can be started and come to full load in just 30 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="20261320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261320" title="Lewis Einstein">
Lewis Einstein

Lewis David Einstein (March 15, 1877 in New York City - December 4, 1967 in Paris, France) was an American diplomat and historian.
Biography.
The son of wool magnate David L. Einstein, Lewis Einstein had two sisters: Amy, who married Joel Elias Spingarn, and Florence, who married Sir Charles Waldstein. He graduated from Columbia University in 1898, and earned a master's degree in 1899.
Einstein's diplomatic career began in 1903, when he was appointed as Third Secretary of Legation at Constantinople. The next year, he married Helen Ralli, a noted English beauty a number of years older than he, whose sister was married to the younger son of Francis Stonor, 4th Baron Camoys. This marriage led to friction between Einstein and his father, who worried that Ralli would damage the younger Einstein's career; Ralli was twice a divorcee, and divorced women could not be received in some European courts.
Einstein advanced from Second Secretary to First Secretary and then Charge d'Affairs during the Young Turk Revolution of 1908, remaining in Constantinople despite the hostilities. He served as United States Ambassador to Costa Rica for one month in 1911, before his wife's ill health in the country's high altitude forced him to leave the post. He returned to Constantinople in 1915 and wrote his diaries which would be later published under the name "Inside Constantinople: A Diplomatist's Diary During the Dardanelles". In 1921, Warren Harding made him United States Ambassador to Czechoslovakia, a position he held until 1930. He was also a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
Lewis Einstein was disinherited by his father after marrying Ralli, except for a sum of $125,000 . After Einstein's death, newspapers reported that a $1,250,000 share of the elder Einstein's estate, valued in total at approximately $4,000,000, had been set aside for Lewis Einstein in the event that he divorced his wife, and that it passed to his sister Lady Waldstein after he declined to do so. This report was denied by Lady Waldstein, who indicated that the father's only wish regarding Lewis Einstein was to see that he was "taken care of", a means she accomplished by granting him an annual allowance of $20,000. Earlier, Lewis had received nothing from the estate of his mother Caroline Einstein, who instead divided her property among Einstein's sisters and various friends among European nobility.
Authorship.
Einstein wrote the following books:
Einstein also engaged in a longtime correspondence with Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr., and in 1964 their collected letters were published in the volume "The Holmes-Einstein Letters : Correspondence of Mr. Justice Holmes and Lewis Einstein 1903-1935", edited by James Bishop Peabody.

</doc>
<doc id="20261324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261324" title="Gloria Lisé">
Gloria Lisé

Gloria Lisé (March 22, 1961- ) is an Argentine writer, lawyer, professor, and an accomplished musician. She is the author of "Con los Pies en el Escenario: Trayectoria del Grupo Arte Dramático y su Director Salo Lisé" (2003), a book based on the life of her father, and "Viene Clareando (2005)," which was chosen by Argentina’s National Commission for the Protection of Public Libraries for distribution to the country’s public libraries. "Viene Clareando", whose title refers to Atahualpa Yupanqui’s famous song of the same name, will be published in the United States as "Departing at Dawn" by The Feminist Press at CUNY in 2009.
Biography.
Lisé was born in the Salta Province of northern Argentina in 1961. After completing her primary and secondary schooling, Lisé enrolled in a music conservatory where she studied the piano and cello under some of Argentina’s greatest musicians. 
Lisé was 15 years old when a coup d'état overthrew Isabel Martínez de Perón’s government and a military junta took control of Argentina in 1976. The political turmoil of this era inspired her to write her novel "Viene Clareando", which focuses on the impact of Argentina’s Dirty War on its citizens.
The writer earned her law degree from the National University of Tucumán and her Ph.D in Legal and Social Sciences from the National University of Salta. In addition to writing two books, Lisé often contributes to Argentine publications about artistic and cultural heritage.
Currently she is a university lawyer and professor at the National University of Salta. She sings in a municipal choral and lives with her husband and three children in Salta, Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="20261342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261342" title="A Stitch for Time">
A Stitch for Time

A Stitch for Time is a 1987 documentary film directed by Nigel Noble. The film documents the making of the National Peace Quilt. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

</doc>
<doc id="20261368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261368" title="Anson Archipelago">
Anson Archipelago

The Anson Archipelago was a designation for a widely scattered group of purported islands in the Western North Pacific Ocean between Japan and Hawaii. The group included Wake Island and Marcus Island, as well as many phantom islands such as Los Jardines, Ganges Island, Rica de Oro, and Rica de Plata (the latter two sometimes referred to as Roca de Oro and Roca de Plata).
The Archipelago was named after George Anson, who seized Spanish navigational charts of these waters during his voyage around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="20261380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261380" title="Keith Ramsey">
Keith Ramsey

Keith Benjamin Ramsey (born March 5, 1980 Inglewood, California) is a surfer, musician, writer, free spirit, and most notably a professional baseball pitcher who once threw a perfect game.
Family.
Keith Ramsey is the son of Chris and Florann Ramsey. Chris is an attorney and lifelong surfer. Keith has a sister named Allie and a brother named Timmy. Keith's uncle, John Ramsey, was the public address announcer of the Los Angeles Dodgers starting in 1958 until his retirement in 1982. He died in 1990. Besides baseball, Keith's Uncle John also announced Lakers basketball, Rams and Raiders football, Kings hockey and USC football.
High school career.
Ramsey attended Loyola High School of Los Angeles. While there, he earned All-League and All-Conference honors.
In 1998, as a senior, Ramsey had a .510 batting average with 10 doubles, 21 RBI and 13 runs scored. On the mound, he was 2−1 with a save and a 3.45 ERA. He earned MVP honors at the SoCal Challenge.
Ramsey was also the goalie on the school's soccer team which won the state championship. He was selected as the CIF Goalie of the year and established school records in shutouts and goals against average.
One of Ramsey's friends during his high school career, Kriston Palomo, was killed during a game by a runner's batting helmet which hit him in the larynx. From that day on, Ramsey has tried to wear Palomo's #29 whenever possible in his collegiate and professional careers and, after each victory, Keith points to the sky to honor his friend.
College career.
Ramsey began his collegiate career with LA Harbor Junior College in 1999 and 2000. He was a two-time All-Conference player.
While a freshman, Ramsey pitched in one game. He had a 1−1 record with a 1.10 ERA. As an outfielder, he hit .420 with 7 doubles, 20 RBI and 18 runs scored.
During his sophomore year, Ramsey was 1–1 with one save and a 1.31 ERA. He struck out 28 in 31 and a third innings. At the plate, he hit .361 with six doubles and 22 RBI.
As a junior in 2001, Ramsey switched to the University of Florida where he put up a 4–3 record with 9 saves and a 2.24 ERA as a reliever. At one point in the season, he had nine consecutive appearances without giving up a run. He struck out 56 batters in 52 and a third innings. In the SEC Tournament and the NCAA postseason, Ramsey made four appearances and posted a perfect 0.00 ERA while collecting a save. He struck out 12 in just 6 and two thirds innings pitched. He was awarded the team's Best Pitcher Award for the season.
At the end of the 2001 season, Ramsey was selected by the Cincinnati Reds in 11th round (336th overall) of the 2001 Major League Baseball Draft, but he decided to play his senior season for Florida. Ramsey made the switch to being a starter for the 2002 season. He would end up starting 17 of the 19 games he appeared in and also collecting two complete game shutouts. His record for the year was 10−3 with a 3.88 ERA. 
Throughout Ramsey's collegiate career, he participated in various amateur leagues including the Saskatchewan Major Baseball League where he hit .331 with 19 RBI, 21 stolen bases, and 10 doubles while having a perfect 0.00 ERA and 6 saves for the Melville Millionaires. He also played with the Compton Rottweilers.
Ramsey earned a degree in English while at Florida.
Minor league career.
Keith was selected in the 10th round of the 2002 Major League Baseball Draft (304th overall) by the Cleveland Indians, and he signed with them.
Ramsey began his minor league career in 2002 with the Mahoning Valley Scrappers of the New York-Penn League. In his collegiate career, he was used mostly as a reliever until his senior year. From the very start of his professional days, Ramsey was a starter. He would start 10 of the 13 games he appeared in 2002. Ramsey finished the campaign with a 6–3 record with a 2.03 ERA and 71 strikeouts in 62 innings pitched. Keith led the Scrappers in ERA, WHIP (0.85), and strikeouts. He was 5th in the NYPL in ERA.
Keith spent most of 2003 with the Lake County Captains in the South Atlantic League. For the season, he posted a 13–6 record and a 2.99 ERA. He threw 3 complete games including a shutout. Keith led the Captains in strikeouts with 108. Ramsey also started two games for the Akron Aeros in the Eastern League going 1–0 with a 6.55 ERA. He was 0.01 shy of 10th place in the SAL in ERA.
Ramsey moved on to the Kinston Indians in the Carolina League for 2004. While in Kinston, Ramsey had a big hand in helping the K-Tribe capture the league championship with a 10–4 record, 2 complete games, and a 3.85 ERA despite also leading the league with 19 home runs allowed. On September 6, Ramsey threw a 6–0 perfect game against the Myrtle Beach Pelicans in the last game of the season with his sister Allie in the stands at Coastal Federal Field. It was just the fourth nine-inning perfect game in Carolina League history and the first since a 1978 gem by Marty Bystrom for the Peninsula Pilots. Keith threw just 97 pitches in the contest, two changeups, two splitters, 35 curveballs, and 58 fastballs in the 82–84 mph range. He recorded five strikeouts, seven groundouts, and fifteen flyouts. The closest that the Pelicans came to a hit was a line drive to right center that Jonathan Van Every made a "highlight-reel catch" of for the second out in the ninth inning. Keith reached a full count just twice. The game itself almost did not happen due to a steady mist that delayed the start nearly a half hour. The weather along with the fact that it was technically a meaningless game since the playoff spots had already been decided, led to some pregame discussion of a cancellation. Ramsey has called the game "a gift from God ... my shining moment." It also uplifted his team. The K-Tribe had lost seven of ten games going into the game. The excitement of the perfect game was credited with picking up the team's spirits and giving them the momentum they needed going into the playoffs. Teammate Dennis Malave was quoted as saying that the game "set us free from negative thinking."
During the season, Ramsey also got two starts for the Buffalo Bisons in the International League where his record was 1–1 with a 3.60 ERA. As yet, these two triple-A starts are the closest Ramsey has been to the major leagues. 
Following the 2004 season, Keith pitched for the Peoria Javelinas in the Arizona Fall League. Ramsey was in Peoria to work on his changeup and tweak his mechanics in an effort to make him throw harder. Reflecting on this stint years later, Keith has stated that he had "tried to become something he wasn't ... and that's kind of where things went downhill." He was used entirely in relief and in 11 appearances pitched just 10 innings. Keith was not involved in any decisions and he posted a 10.80 ERA. On December 13, Keith was selected by Colorado Rockies in the Rule V Draft.
In 2005, Ramsey would see action for three different teams in three different farm systems. He began the year with the Tulsa Drillers in the Texas League for the Rockies. While in Tulsa, Keith went 1–3 in 10 games with a 7.68 ERA. He also batted in a game going 1 for 3 with a sacrifice for a .333 batting average. His subpar performance on the mound led to his release by the Rockies. He was then picked up by the Arizona Diamondbacks who assigned him to the Lancaster Jethawks in the California League. In Lancaster, Keith pitched just 4 relief innings and posted a 0–1 record and an ERA of 4.50. The D-Backs then traded him to the Philadelphia Phillies for "future considerations". The Phillies assigned Ramsey to their Florida State League affiliate, the Clearwater Phillies. For the Phils, Keith went 2-4 with a 5.07 ERA.
Late in the 2006 spring training, Ramsey was released by the Phillies. By April 1, he had signed to play with the Somerset Patriots in the independent Atlantic League. The Patriots were being managed by Sparky Lyle. For Somerset, Ramsey put up a 6–7 record with a 3.76 ERA. His 155 and two-thirds innings were the most he pitched since the 2003 season. He was rewarded with a trip to the league All-Star game.
The Texas Rangers decided to take a chance on him for the 2007 season and signed him to a minor league contract. Ramsey was assigned to the Bakersfield Blaze of the California League. Keith was soon released after an 0–2 start. He only made it through six and a third innings for the Blaze and posted a dismal 15.63 ERA. Following his release, Ramsey returned to Somerset where he had a 6−9 record with a 4.64 ERA, 2 complete games, and a shutout. Ramsey also saw a little time in the outfield for the first time since his college days. At the plate, he had one official at bat and a .000 batting average, but he did score a run. 
April 2008 saw Ramsey pitching in the Chinese Professional Baseball League of Taiwan for the Brother Elephants. His career in Taiwan lasted just three innings on April 25 as he was rocked for six runs on seven hits, including two home runs in a 12–4 loss against the President Lions. Returning to the United States, Ramsey found work back in the Atlantic League with the Southern Maryland Blue Crabs who are owned by Hall of Fame member Brooks Robinson. He was signed on June 4 with the season already in progress. By the end of the season, Keith compiled a record of 7–6 with 1 complete game and a 4.01 ERA. He started 20 of the 21 games he appeared in.
Musical career and off season activities.
Ramsey is an accomplished guitarist who plays right-handed despite being a southpaw. He has played the National Anthem "Hendrix-style" prior to games for Kinston and Somerset. Keith is the rhythm guitarist and lead singer in a "surf rock" band called Flava Do. On August 20, 2006, Ramsey pitched six innings in a Patriots victory and then, after the game, put on a concert for the fans with his brother Timmy who also plays in Flava Do. Teammate Dave Elder joined the brothers on a Pearl Jam song.
In the off season, Ramsey keeps in shape by surfing (often with his dad) and acting as a personal trainer for a friend. He also throws with other ballplayers who live in the area including Mark Prior.
Besides playing in local gigs with his band, Ramsey earns extra money during the off season by delivering pizzas. Now that he is 28 and less likely to make it to the major leagues, Keith has explored the possibility of helping to run a surf camp in Costa Rica or opening a sushi restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="20261392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261392" title="Bachman–Turner Overdrive Gold">
Bachman–Turner Overdrive Gold

Bachman–Turner Overdrive Gold is a compilation album by Bachman–Turner Overdrive. It was released in 2005 by Mercury Records.
Track listing.
Disc One
Disc Two
Line-ups.
Disc One/Tracks 1-11:<br>
Randy Bachman - lead guitar, lead vocals<br>
Fred Turner - bass guitar, lead vocals<br>
Tim Bachman - guitar, vocals<br>
Robbie Bachman - drums<br>
<br>
Disc One/Tracks 12-17 and Disc Two/Tracks 1-16:<br>
Randy Bachman - lead guitar, lead vocals<br>
Fred Turner - bass guitar, lead vocals<br>
Blair Thornton - 2nd lead guitar, backing vocals<br>
Robbie Bachman - drums<br>
<br>
Disc Two/Tracks 17-18:<br>
Fred Turner - guitar, lead vocals<br>
Jim Clench - bass guitar, lead vocals<br>
Blair Thornton - lead guitar, backing vocals<br>
Robbie Bachman - drums

</doc>
<doc id="20261404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261404" title="Galzig">
Galzig

Galzig is a mountain in the Lechtal Alps of Tyrol, Austria. The elevation at its peak is . Located near St. Anton am Arlberg, it is a popular hiking and skiing destination, depending on the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20261424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261424" title="Minuscule 20">
Minuscule 20

Minuscule 20 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), A138 (Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 11th-century. The manuscript has complex contents and full marginalia. It was prepared for the church reading.
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels on 274 thick parchment leaves (). The text is written in 1 column per page, biblical text in 36 lines per page, text of commentary in 51 lines per page. According to F. H. A. Scrivener it is carelessly written.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also another division according to the Ammonian Sections, with references to the Eusebian Canons (written below Ammonian Section numbers).
It contains tables of the ("tables of contents") before each of the Gospels, lectionary markings at the margin (for liturgical use), subscriptions at the end of each of the Gospels, numbers of στιχοι, pictures, and catenae. It has the commentaries of (Chrysostomos in Matthew, Luke, and John, Victorinus in Mark).
It contains the famous the Jerusalem Colophon. 
The text of the Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) is placed at the end Gospel of John, after 21:25.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex according to Aland is a representative of the Byzantine text-type, but according to David Alan Black of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
It was not examined by using the Claremont Profile Method. Possibly it is a mixture of Text-types.
History.
The manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 11th-century.
The codex was brought from the East in 1669. It was added to the list of the New Testament manuscripts by J. J. Wettstein (20). It was collated by Scholz and W. F. Rose. It was examined and described by Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
It is currently housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Gr. 1889) at Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="20261426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261426" title="Big Bad Wolf (disambiguation)">
Big Bad Wolf (disambiguation)

Big Bad Wolf is a fictional wolf that appears in several precautionary folkloric stories. 
Big Bad Wolf may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20261450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261450" title="Gordon Roe">
Gordon Roe

William Gordon Roe (5 January 1932 – 19 July 1999) was an English divine and the Suffragan Bishop of Huntingdon from 1980 until 1997.
Roe was born on 5 January 1932 and educated at Bournemouth School and Jesus College, Oxford. After a curacy at Bournemouth he was Priest in charge of St Michael's, Abingdon and then Vice Principal of St Chad's College, Durham. Following this he was Rural Dean of Durham until his elevation to the Episcopate. Roe died on 19 July 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20261455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261455" title="Holy Trinity Anglican Church (Stanley Mission, Saskatchewan)">
Holy Trinity Anglican Church (Stanley Mission, Saskatchewan)

Holy Trinity Anglican Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Anglican church building located on the banks of the Churchill River in Stanley Mission, a community in the Lac La Ronge First Nation and Lac La Ronge Provincial Park in Saskatchewan, Canada.
History.
Designed by the Rev. Robert Hunt, an English missionary who founded Stanley Mission in 1851 with the permission of the Hudson's Bay Company, it was built between 1854 and 1860 by local Cree craftsmen using locally cut lumber as well as hardware and stained glass that Hunt had brought from England. The church was at one time the centre of an active missionary complex that included nearly 30 supporting buildings and a 
cemetery. It is currently the oldest standing building in Saskatchewan. Although not the seat of a bishop, it has been called a cathedral because of its massive size with a tall central nave and elaborate spire.
Holy Trinity Anglican Church was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1970. It is also a provincially registered historic site as designated by the government of Saskatchewan on August 26, 1981. A ceremony celebrating the church's 150th anniversary was held on June 10, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20261506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261506" title="Presbytera">
Presbytera

Presbytera (, pronounced "presvytéra") is a Greek title of honor that is used to refer to a priest's wife. It is derived from "presbyteros"—the Greek word for "priest" (literally, "elder"). Although 'Presbyteress' or 'eldress' has an equivalent meaning, it has a very small usage: most English-speaking Orthodox Christians will use the title most common in the old country churches from which their local family or parish finds its origin.
Other languages.
"Presbytera" corresponds to the following equivalent titles:

</doc>
<doc id="20261512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261512" title="Baltimore Burn">
Baltimore Burn

The Baltimore Burn is a Women's American football team in the Women's Spring Football League (2011). Formerly a member of the National Women's Football League (2001-2002, National Women's Football Association (2003-2008), and Women's Football Alliance (2009-2011), they played at Art Modell Field on the campus of Mergenthaler Vocational Technical Senior High School. In 2013 they relocated their Home field to Utz Towardowizc field in Patterson Park as they continue to be a member of the Women's Spring Football League.
Season-By-Season.
!Totals || 52 || 43 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="20261520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261520" title="Minster on Sea railway station">
Minster on Sea railway station

Minster on Sea is a disused railway station serving Minster on the Isle of Sheppey. It opened in 1901 and closed in 1950.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="20261550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261550" title="Reme">
Reme

Reme may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20261560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261560" title="Juuso Puustinen">
Juuso Puustinen

Juuso Puustinen (born April 5, 1988 in Kuopio, Finland) is a Finnish ice hockey player for HIFK of the SM-liiga. He plays as a forward, and shoots right. He was selected in fifth round, 149th overall by the Calgary Flames in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft. Puustinen played two seasons of junior in North America for the Kamloops Blazers of the Western Hockey League before returning to Finland to begin his professional career in 2008.
Prior to the 2010–11 season, Puustinen signed a two-year, two-way deal with the Nashville Predators. After two seasons with the Predators AHL affiliate, the Milwaukee Admirals, Puustinen returned to Finland to sign a one-year contract with HIFK on May 25, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20261568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261568" title="Alaska Clean Water Initiative">
Alaska Clean Water Initiative

The Alaska Clean Water Initiative (ACWI) of 2008 was a citizens-initiative ballot measure. In Alaska, such measures become state law, if a majority of voters vote in favor of the measure. The ACWI contained regulatory language limiting the release and distribution of "sulfide mining" effluents and products into the environment. In August 2008, Ballot Measure 4, the "Alaska Clean Water Initiative," was voted down (approximately 57% against and 43% in favor) in the statewide primary election.
Background.
The ACWI was created by opponents of possible future development at Pebble mine: the same political forces that led to the Bill to create Jay Hammond State Game Refuge and the Bill for Protection of Salmon Spawning Water. Ballot Measure 4 was written to apply statewide; as the State constitution demands. The measure would have effectively outlawed large-scale metal mining in the Bristol Bay drainage. Supporters of the Measure argued strongly that the Measure would not affect any other mining operation in Alaska. Opponents of the Measure argued that it would have serious, and unnecessary, adverse effects on the mining industry statewide.
Over 10 million combined dollars were spent on advertising and other efforts by the opponents and proponents of Ballot Measure 4. The largest portion of that was provided by the mineral industry to oppose the Ballot Measure; the largest publicly reported personal expenditure, over $800,000 dollars, was by Bob Gillam, an investment professional and owner of a private lodge a few dozen miles from the Pebble site, who helps lead opposition to Pebble.
Procedure.
In Alaska, an initiative is, "the procedure by which the people instead of the legislature introduce and enact a law. A specified number of voters propose the law they wish to be placed on a ballot to have it voted up or down by their fellow Alaskans. By law, an initiative can not be narrowly targeted, it must have statewide effect.AS 15.45.010-245."
Legal Interpretations of the Act.
Ballot Measure 4 (the Act), if it had passed into law, would have prohibited the State of Alaska from issuing permits to any metallic mining operation with a footprint larger than that; " releases...a toxic pollutant in a measurable amount that will effect human health or welfare or any stage of the life cycle of salmon, into, any...water...," and, "stores...overburden, waste rock, or tailings in a way that could result in the release...of compounds that will effect , directly or indirectly, surface or subsurface waters or tributaries thereto used for human consumption, salmon spawning, rearing, migration, or propagation..."
The Act would not have applied to, " operations that have received all required...permits, authorizations, licenses and approvals on or before the effective date of this Act, or to future operations of existing facilities at those sites."
An opinion on the Act issued by the State of Alaska Division of Legal and Research Services stated that the, "Ambiguity, interpretation, and drafting issues...present...interpretive issues. Existing operations might not be able to expand or build new facilities without becoming subject to the initiative's provisions." The illogical misuse of the word, "effect," and the lack of definition of the terms, "facility," and "site," in the Act are presented as examples. On the other hand, an Alaskan Superior Court judge and the Alaska Department of Law interpreted the Act to mean that existing water standards for large scale mining may not dramatically change.
All mining operations must regularly re-apply for mining permits. Opponents of the Act feared that the broad and ambiguous language in the Act would be used as a legal tool against all mining in Alaska. Supporters of the Act accuse mining interests of, "crying that the sky is falling."
The Superior Court noted that the Act was, "ambiguous and open to disparate interpretations." If the Act became law, its meaning and effects would probably have been determined by court rulings. In this case, to determine the proper meaning of the ambiguous Act, the courts would have tried to determine the intents of, and state of mind of the enacters of the law, i.e., the voters of the State of Alaska. The neutral ballot summary ( a one-paragraph summary printed on the ballot) may have been a critically important factor the courts would have considered in interpreting the meaning of Ballot Measure 4 as law.
Interest Groups.
Supporters of the initiative included some residents of the project area, as well as business interests that benefit from fishing lodges in the area. Opponents of the initiative included some residents of the project area, the Alaska mining community, and the Alaska Federation of Natives.
History.
In April 2006 the first iteration of the Clean Water Initiative (Clean Water 1) was submitted to the State of Alaska for approval to begin collecting signatures. The initiative proposed to severely limit the byproducts of mining operations that can be released into streams and rivers and prohibits even the use of any amount of any "toxic agent that may be harmful". It applies to any mining operations larger than , although it has no effect on operations conducted under currently issued mining permits.
In June 2006, Alaska Lieutenant Governor Sean Parnell denied the application on grounds that it would act as an illegal appropriation of state lands. By the Alaska State Constitution, only a vote of the Alaska Legislature can appropriate state lands. Initiative backers appealed to the Alaska Superior Court, which in October 2007 ruled that the initiative did not violate the Alaska constitution and approved it to begin collection of signatures. The State of Alaska appealed the Superior Court decision to the Alaska State Supreme Court.
Backers of the Alaska Clean Water Initiative were pleased with the timing of the Superior Court ruling because it enabled them to petition for signatures at the 2007 Alaska Federation of Natives conference. They hoped that Native Corporations from around Alaska would work together to approve the initiative and oppose Pebble Mine. However, at the conference, delegates from around the state overwhelming voted to oppose the initiative on the basis of it hurting not only the Pebble Mine but any other mining operation in the State. They followed up this symbolic act with a lawsuit in November 2007 seeking to stop the certification of the initiative.
In 2007 Anti-Pebble activists circulated petitions for two versions of an "Alaska Clean Water Initiative", applying to any mining operations larger than ; with the first version being more restrictive than the second. Both versions collected sufficient signatures of registered Alaska voters and were certified by Alaska state officials for placement on the statewide August 2008 election ballot.
The stricter of the two versions contained language that arguably would effectively make it impossible to permit any new large mine in Alaska, or to issue new permits to allow existing large mines to continue operations, effectively placing a ban on all mining in Alaska. The less-strict version would be little different from existing regulations, but with ambiguous language arguably open to interpretations that would severely restrict or eliminate mining in Alaska.
Proponents of Pebble challenged the constitutionality of both versions; the more-restrictive "Clean Water 1", and the less-restrictive measure, now known as Ballot Measure 4. During the course of months-long legal and regulatory battles over the two initiatives the anti-Pebble activists that initially created and supported both initiatives asked that the first initiative be struck from the ballot, stating that their cause would be best served by concentrating on a single initiative, i.e., Ballot Measure 4.
On June 9, 2008, the Alaska Supreme Court dismissed a pending case concerning Clean Water 1; an action that effectively removed Clean Water 1 from the August ballot. On July 3, 2008, the Alaska Supreme Court issued a decision allowing Clean Water 3/Ballot Measure 4 to remain on the ballot.

</doc>
<doc id="20261619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261619" title="Uncial 0197">
Uncial 0197

Uncial 0197 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 9th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Matthew 20:22-23,25-27; 22:30-32,34-37, on two parchment leaves (27 cm by 24.5 cm). It is written in one column per page, 12 lines per page, in very large uncial letters. It is a palimpsest, the lower text is in Syriac.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 9th-century.
The codex currently is housed at the Benedictine Abbey in Beuron.

</doc>
<doc id="20261645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261645" title="Capital punishment in Turkey">
Capital punishment in Turkey

As of 2004, Turkey does not have capital punishment. Since October 1984, Turkey has not executed any prisoners. Prior to that date executions would usually happen after military interventions. Adnan Menderes, who served as Prime Minister was hanged on 17 September 1961 following the 1960 coup d'état, along with two other cabinet members, Fatin Rüştü Zorlu and Hasan Polatkan. The student leaders Deniz Gezmiş, Hüseyin İnan and Yusuf Aslan were hanged on 6 May 1972 after the 1971 coup d'état. After the 1980 coup d'état, between 1980 and 1984 a total of 50 men including 27 political activists but no women were executed in Turkey.
By Law 4771 of 9 August 2002 (the 3rd Package for Harmonization with the European Union) the death penalty was abolished for peace time offences. Law 5218 of 14 July 2004 abolished the death penalty for all times. Turkey ratified Protocol No. 13 to the European Convention on Human Rights in February 2006.
The death sentence was replaced by aggravated life imprisonment ("ağırlaştırılmış müebbet hapis cezası"). According to Article 9 of Law 5275 on the Execution of Sentences these prisoners are held in individual cells in high security prisons and are allowed to exercise in a neighbouring yard one hour per day. They are kept in solitary confinement in individual cells.
Twenty-four articles of the 1926 Turkish Penal Code (Law 765) provided for a mandatory death penalty, 19 of them for crimes against the state, the government, the Constitution and military, and a further ten for common criminal offences such as murder and rape. These 24 articles defined a total of 29 offences.
Under Article 12 of Law 765 death sentences were to be carried out by hanging after being approved by act of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey ("Türkiye Büyük Millet Meclisi", the TBMM. Within the TBMM they were reviewed by the Judicial Committee before being voted on by parliament as a whole. This decision had to be ratified by the President, who had the power to commute death sentences on grounds of age or ill-health.

</doc>
<doc id="20261647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261647" title="W. Green (Surrey cricketer)">
W. Green (Surrey cricketer)

W. Green was an English cricketer who played for Surrey. He was a right-arm medium-pace bowler.
Green made a single first-class appearance, against Derbyshire in 1883. He scored a single run in each innings in which he batted, and took one catch.

</doc>
<doc id="20261648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261648" title="Irworobongdo">
Irworobongdo

Irworobongdo is a Korean folding screen with a highly stylized landscape painting of a sun and moon, five peaks which always was set behind "Eojwa", the king’s royal throne during the Joseon Dynasty. It literally means ""Painting of the Sun, Moon and the Five Peaks"" and is also called "Irwoldo" or "Irwolgonryundo". The sun and moon symbolize the king and queen while the five peaks denotes a mythical place. The screen serves to display the majesty of the Joseon royal court.
Description of the image.
The scene depicts a burning red sun, a full moon, five craggy peaks, and two fast-flowing streams with cascades, all flanked by a pair of conifers. The brilliant colours — known as tang-chae (Chinese colours) — were fixed with either animal or fish glue, rendering the screens brilliant and waterfast. 
New York Times critic Holland Cotter has described the screen's solid, saturated colors and robust forms as being regular as "textile patterns", and noted that these screens have "an archaic, hieratic look unlike Chinese or Japanese painting of the time." 
Symbolic significance.
There are no existing documents from an early period to explain the original iconography of the Five Peaks. Chadwick reports the findings of Dr. Yi Song-mi, Professor of Art History at the Academy of Korean Studies in Seoul. He has suggested that these screens were one of the most important elements in the throne hall, and that this formalized landscape illustrates the Joseon political cosmology. The "almost" red sun represents the king as the yang, the positive male principle, while the white moon represents the queen as the yin, the negative female principle. These two principles make the universe work. 
An alternative explanation is that the screen might represent the blessing of Korea by Heaven, symbolized by the sun and moon in balance. When the king sat in front of this screen, he appeared to be at the pivotal point from which all force emanated and to which all returned. Thus, imbued with sacred power, the screen manifests a political cosmology as evidence of Heaven's favour, mandate, and continued protection of the ruler.
History of the screens.
Chadwick (1998) also reports Yi's (1996) study of the history of such screens. He attempts to establish whether they were used at the start of the Joseon Dynasty reigned by King Taejo (r. 1392–1398). One suggestion Yi reports is that the practice of using the Five Peaks screen was established by Jeong Do-jeon. He was instrumental in the adoption of Neo-Confucianism as the Joseon's state ideology. Jeong Do-jeon used the screen as an important part of the design of the Joseon palace architecture in 1392. However there is a painting from the 16th century referred to as "The martial arts performance at Soch'ong-dae in the reign of King Myeongjong" (r. 1545–1567) and there is no screen behind the throne. A 19th century copy however has the screen in place behind the throne. Yi therefore suggests that the 1392 date might be far too early and prefers a more recent date for the establishment of the screens. He suggests that screens role might well have been adopted after the 1592 Imjin wars as an attempt to reaffirm the dynasty's power. 
The National Museum of Korea's entry on the screens asserts that the earliest written evidence for the use of a Sun, Moon, and Five Peaks screen in the Joseon palace dates from the mid-seventeenth century, but suggests that they could have been used earlier, as part of the Joseon court tried to distinguish itself from that of the Goryeo court.
Palace records suggest that the screens were constantly being produced. Today however, only around twenty originals remain. None are signed. Examples of the screens can be seen at royal palaces in Seoul such as at Gyeongbok Palace, Changdeok Palace and Changgyeonggung.

</doc>
<doc id="20261658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261658" title="Symmachi">
Symmachi

The Symmachi were an aristocratic family of the late Roman Empire.
The family received its first offices at the beginning of the 3rd century, under emperor Septimius Severus, then it increased its prestige, reaching its peaks in the 4th and 5th centuries. Among the most important members of this family there were:
The family had a noteworthy interest in literature, and its members were patrons, editors and historians.

</doc>
<doc id="20261659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261659" title="Eastchurch railway station">
Eastchurch railway station

Eastchurch is a disused railway station serving Eastchurch on the Isle of Sheppey. It opened in 1901 and closed in 1950.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="20261677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261677" title="I Can't Believe It's Yogurt!">
I Can't Believe It's Yogurt!

I Can't Believe It's Yogurt is a chain of stores that serves soft-serve frozen yogurt products in the United States. The company has franchised and company-owned stores and non-traditional partnerships for licensing of its products.
History.
I Can't Believe It's Yogurt was founded in 1977 by Bill and Julie Brice from Dallas, Texas. Later, I Can't Believe It's Yogurt was owned under parent company Brice Foods. In the mid-eighties, I Can't Believe It's Yogurt sued TCBY, whose company name was originally "This Can't Be Yogurt!". The lawsuit filed by I Can't Believe It's Yogurt forced its competitor to change its name to "The Country's Best Yogurt!".
I Can't Believe It's Yogurt was acquired by Yogen Früz in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20261687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261687" title="Amateur Football Combination">
Amateur Football Combination

The Amateur Football Combination (AFC) is a football league based in and around London and the Home Counties, and is believed to be the biggest adult football league in Europe.
History.
The Amateur Football Combination is one of the biggest adult football leagues in Europe, with around 100 clubs and 350 sides playing Saturday afternoons in and around London and the Home Counties from September through to May, and comprises more than 1% of adult male 11-a-side football teams in England.
The AFC is an adult male league affiliated to the Amateur Football Alliance (AFA), London FA, Middlesex FA and Surrey FA, and was formed in 2002 by the merger of the Old Boys' Football League (1907) and Southern Olympian League (1911) and subsequently merging with the London Financial Football Association (itself comprising the London Banks Football Association, 1900 and the London Insurance Football Association, 1908) in 2006.
AFC Membership.
Clubs and club members include "Old Boys" sides, local authorities and businesses, as well as social and youth clubs.
League Structure.
The league is divided into four sections using a pyramid system, but plays outside of the "football pyramid" - the top teams do not progress into semi-professional leagues:<br>
Cup Competitions.
As well as league competitions, AFC clubs take part in cup competitions. Most clubs enter the Amateur Football Alliance County Cups, but depending on their location clubs also enter Surrey FA, Berkshire & Buckinghamshire FA, London FA and Essex FA Cups. Many clubs also enter the London Old Boys Cups and the Old Boys Cup. In the event of a dry winter, if the league programme finishes early in the spring, the AFC will run its own "Spring Cups".
Spirit of Football.
In 2006 the AFC launched its "Spirit of Football" campaign, emphasising and promoting fair play and respect for all within the game, a concept later embraced nationally within the Football Association's "Respect" campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20261720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261720" title="Rob Drummond">
Rob Drummond

Robert "Rob" Drummond (Born February 19, 1986 in London, Ontario) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey player. He last played with the Lake Erie Monsters of the AHL.
Playing career.
Rob Drummond played junior hockey for the London Knights of the OHL under the coaching of former Washington Capitals Captain Dale Hunter. He helped London win the J. Ross Robertson Cup and the Memorial Cup in 2005. He served as Captain of the London Knights for the duration of the 2006 and 2007 seasons.
Although he went Undrafted, Drummond was signed to a contract with the Colorado Avalanche in 2007. He played with the Johnstown Chiefs of the ECHL in 2007–08 season, totaling 14 goals and 27 assists in 50 games. He added 30 PIM. Later in the 2007–08 season he moved up to the Lake Erie Monsters of the AHL playing 22 games with 2 goals, 3 assists and 8 penalty minutes.
In the 2008-09 season Drummond signed an AHL contract with the Monsters. After playing in 11 games with Lake Erie, Drummond suffered a concussion which ruled him out for the rest of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20261725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261725" title="Thomas Hare (bishop)">
Thomas Hare (bishop)

Thomas Richard Hare (29 August 1922 – 18 July 2010) was the Suffragan Bishop of Pontefract from 1971 until 1992.
Life.
He was born on 29 August 1922 and educated at Marlborough College and Trinity College, Oxford. After World War II service with the RAF he was ordained in 1950 and began his ecclesiastical career with a curacy at Haltwhistle. Following this he was Chaplain to the Bishop of Manchester and then a Canon Residentiary at Carlisle Cathedral. Appointed Archdeacon of Westmorland and Furness in 1965, he ascended to the Episcopate seven years later and retired in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20261732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261732" title="By Night in Chile">
By Night in Chile

By Night in Chile (Spanish title: "Nocturno de Chile") is a novella written by Chilean author Roberto Bolaño, and first published in 2000. It was the first of Bolaño's novels to be published in English, with Chris Andrews's English translation, which appeared in 2003 under New Directions. This short novel has since received critical renown across the world.
Plot summary.
The story is narrated entirely in the first person by the sick and aging Father Urrutia. Taking place over the course of a single evening, and written mostly in a single paragraph, the book is the macabre, feverish monologue of a flawed man and a failed priest. Persistently hallucinatory and defensive, the story ranges from Opus Dei to falconry to private lessons on Marxism for Pinochet and his generals directed at the unspecified reproaches of "the wizened youth."
The story begins with the lines "I am dying now, but I still have many things to say", and proceeds to describe, after a brief mention of joining the priesthood, how Father Urrutia entered the Chilean literary world under the wing of a famous, albeit fictitious, tacitly homosexual literary critic by the name of Farewell. At Farewell's estate he encounters the critic's close friend Pablo Neruda and later begins to publish literary criticism and poetry.
Not surprisingly, Urrutia's criticism is met with more applause than his poetry (written under a pen-name) and there is little if any mention of Urrutia attending to matters of the church until two individuals from a shipping company (likely undercover government operatives) send him on a trip through Europe, where he meets priest after priest engaged in falconry, where we see his one act of rebellion, when he releases a caged falcon after the priest that owned him died.
The story is also deeply political though not always overtly, and Father Urrutia seems to stand as a kind of pitiable villain for the author himself. Urrutia is chosen to teach Augusto Pinochet and his top generals about Marxism after the coup and death of President Allende. Bolaño was well known for his brazenly radical left-wing politics and was briefly jailed by Pinochet for dissent on returning to Chile in 1973, "To help build the revolution."
Indeed, the wizened youth who Urrutia is forever lashing against and defending himself from, seems to be yet another trace of Roberto Bolaño inscribing himself into his stories, while also serving as a younger Urrutia who has not compromised himself as the current narrator himself has, suggesting that Urrutia has understood since his first words to the reader that he is compromised. By the end of the story, Urrutia seems to be making a last apology directed to himself, understanding that the reason by which he has led his life is flawed.
Unlike other fantastical deathbed rants such as William Gaddis's "Agapē Agape" the writing style is remarkably accessible despite itself and the story of his life intact as it is woven into Chile's political history despite progressively more delirious and compromised powers of recollection. Francisco Goldman describes it as "Sublime lunacy, Goya darkness, poignant wizardly writing--the elegantly streaming consciousness of Bolaño's dying literary priest merges one Chilean's personal memories with Chilean literature and history, and ends up confronting us with devastating questions that anyone, anywhere, might, should, be asking of themselves 'right now.'"
The novella, a satire, marks the beginning of its author's criticism of artists who retreat into art, using aestheticism as a way of blocking out the harsh realities of existence. According to Ben Richards, writing in "The Guardian", "Bolaño uses this to illustrate the supine nature of the Chilean literary establishment under the dictatorship."

</doc>
<doc id="20261734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261734" title="Horncliffe">
Horncliffe

Horncliffe is a village in the county of Northumberland, England. It lies on the south bank of the River Tweed about south west of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and about north east of Norham and is the most northerly village in England.
Governance.
Horncliffe is in the parliamentary constituency of Berwick-upon-Tweed.
Transport.
Perryman's Buses route 67 provides a number of services a day each way to/from Berwick-upon-Tweed railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="20261744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261744" title="East Minster railway station">
East Minster railway station

East Minster is a disused railway station serving Minster on the Isle of Sheppey. It opened in 1902 and closed in 1950.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="20261777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261777" title="Kelso Depot">
Kelso Depot

The Kelso Depot, Restaurant and Employees Hotel or Kelso Depot, now also the Mojave National Preserve Visitors Center, is located in the Mojave Desert within the National Park Service Mojave National Preserve, on Kelbaker Road in Kelso, California, between Baker and Interstate 15 to the north and Interstate 40 to the south.
History.
Early years.
The first depot, by the Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad, opened in 1905. In early 1923 the railroad began construction of the new "Kelso Clubhouse & Restaurant" which opened the next year. The Kelso Depot was built to provide services to passengers and railroad employees, and a water stop for the steam locomotives. It is an example of a surviving mid-1920s era Mission Revival and Spanish Colonial Revival architecture Styled railroad depot with a hotel, restaurant, and gardens in Southern California. The facility served interstate passenger and shipping traffic and the transport of ore from local mines, especially the Vulcan Mine. It was an essential element of the 1920s modernization of the Union Pacific Railroad stations to compete with the Santa Fe Railway and its Harvey Houses such as "Casa del Desierto".
The oasis-like landscape design and overall style and character of this remote station made it a popular gathering place for Union Pacific employees, passengers and local residents. The original gardens with shade from Fremont Cottonwoods-"Populus fremontii", Chinese Elms-"Ulmus parvifolia", and manicured geometric lawns lingered, but did not survive the desert conditions between depot closure and the park's Visitor Center restoration. Only Date palms-"Phoenix dactylifera" survived.
Mid-20th century.
The Kelso Depot served as a significant element in the Union Pacific’s contributions to the American war effort during World War II. The end of World War II marked the beginning of a long decline in the depot’s utility. The sharp decline in the volume of freight traffic and diesel engines replacing steam caused a reduction in services and the need for fewer employees. The Vulcan Mine closed early in 1947, further reducing freight and passenger traffic. A surge of activity occurred with the outbreak of the Korean War in the early 1950s, resulting in a renewal of high traffic levels on the Union Pacific line for several years. 
In 1953 and 1957, attempts were made to market the low-grade iron ore stockpiled at the Vulcan Mine. However, higher horse power, second generation diesel-electric locomotives of the 1960s resulted in the further decline in Union Pacific personnel needed at Kelso. This technological change eliminated the need for helper locomotives entirely in 1959. Coupled with the closing of the station agency and cessation of passenger train service to Kelso on August 14, 1964, this development spelled the end of the depot’s principal function with the exception of the Lunch Room which remained serving until 1985.
Restoration and Visitors Center.
The Union Pacific proposed the demolition of the then unused depot in 1983. Efforts to preserve the building culminated in its 1992 transfer to the Bureau of Land Management and its East Mojave National Scenic Area. 
In 1994 the Mojave National Preserve was established, and the depot was transferred to the National Park Service. A historical restoration and adaptive reuse project followed in 2002. The Kelso Depot now serves, since 2005, as the main Visitor Center of the Mojave National Preserve.

</doc>
<doc id="20261786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261786" title="Hubertus Knabe">
Hubertus Knabe

Hubertus Knabe (born in 1959 in Unna, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German historian, human rights activist and the scientific director of the Berlin-Hohenschönhausen Memorial, a museum and memorial in a notorious former Stasi torture prison in Berlin. Knabe is noted for several works on oppression in the former communist states of Eastern Europe, particularly in East Germany. He early became involved with Green politics, and was active in the Green Party in Germany.
Knabe's parents fled East Germany in 1959, and Knabe hence was born and grew up in West Germany. His father was the noted ecologist Wilhelm Knabe, a co-founder and former chairman of the German Greens. Hubertus Knabe was active in the peace movement, and in 1978, he founded a committee in support of Rudolf Bahro, a German philosopher imprisoned in East Germany. Because of his political activities, he was declared persona non grata in East Germany between 1980 and 1987.
Hubertus Knabe served as press spokesman of the Green Party in Bremen from 1983. He obtained a doctoral degree in history at the Freie Universität Berlin.
From 1992 to 2000, he worked in the research department of the Federal Commissioner for the Stasi Archives.
In 2001, he was appointed scientific director of the Berlin-Hohenschönhausen Memorial.
Hubertus Knabe is committed to a consistent work on coming to terms with the Communist crimes committed on German soil: "Not until the Communist dictatorship is as firmly in mind in Germany as the criminal regime of the National Socialists will we really have succeeded in coming to terms with the legacy of Stasi Minister Erich Mielke".
Hubertus Knabe has called for a more outspoken anti-communism in German society, and has particularly called upon the SPD party to identify with its anti-communist tradition as part of its democratic legacy. He has pointed out that social democrats were the first victims of the communist dictatorship in East Germany. Every democrat is an anti-communist, according to Knabe.

</doc>
<doc id="20261794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261794" title="Jonathan Webb (footballer)">
Jonathan Webb (footballer)

Jonathan Philip Webb (born 5 January 1990) is an English footballer who plays for Loughborough University after leaving Leeds United as a centre back.
Leeds United.
Webb played for Leeds United as a youngster, usually playing as a central midfielder, but left the club to focus on his school work. Whilst at St. Aidan's & St. John Fisher Associated Sixth Form, Webb was called up to play for England Schoolboys. It was also during this time that he played in the St Aidan's Football team where from 2001–2008, the team dominated the North Yorkshire School Football circuit.
Webb was part of the team that reached the Semi Finals of the U18 English Schools Cup competition during 2007–2008.
The following year, his talent was recognised by the new Leeds manager, Gary McAllister. The highly academic Webb signed a one-year contract with the club on the basis that if he did not succeed as a professional footballer in his first year, then he would move on to University to study Business Studies.
Webb made his debut for the first-team on 17 November 2008 when appearing as a substitute against Northampton Town in the FA Cup.
Jonathan joined Newcastle Blue Star on loan on 27 February 2009. He returned to Leeds after his loan spell at Newcastle Blue Star, signing a new 6 month contract which takes him to midway through the 2009–10 season. During the 2009–10 season Webb had failed to make a single first team squad due to a hip injury and following two operations has had to retire from professional football. On 13 January 2010 Webb's contract expired and Leeds decided not to renew his deal making him a free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="20261804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261804" title="Sheerness East railway station">
Sheerness East railway station

Sheerness East is a disused railway station serving Sheerness on the Isle of Sheppey. It opened in 1901 and closed in 1950. The platform is still standing today in private ownership.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="20261809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261809" title="Glenn Patching">
Glenn Patching

Glenn Patching (born 12 April 1958) was an Australian backstroke and freestyle swimmer of the 1970s and 1980s, who won the gold medal in the men's 100 metres backstroke event at the 1978 Commonwealth Games. He represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1976.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20261811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261811" title="Quintus Aurelius Symmachus (consul 446)">
Quintus Aurelius Symmachus (consul 446)

Quintus Aurelius Symmachus ("floruit" 446) was a politician and a senator of the Western Roman Empire, belonging to the Symmachi family.
Biography.
Probably the son of Quintus Fabius Memmius Symmachus (and therefore grandson of the orator Quintus Aurelius Symmachus), was the father of Quintus Aurelius Memmius Symmachus. He is probably the Symmachus to whom Macrobius Ambrosius Theodosius dedicated the work "De differentiis vel societatibus graeci latinique verbi".
He was consul for the western court in 446, together with general Flavius Aetius.

</doc>
<doc id="20261822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261822" title="The Faculty (TV series)">
The Faculty (TV series)

The Faculty is an American sitcom starring Meredith Baxter as a middle school administrator. The show aired on ABC from March 1996 to May 1996.
Premise.
Baxter played Flynn Sullivan, a divorced vice-principal balancing the demands of her career with single motherhood. "The Faculty" was notable among school-based programs for its focus on activity in Hamilton Middle School's faculty lounge, rather than in the classrooms. Co-creator Neil Thompson called it "an adult-based show," and said that the relationships among the school's staff were the central element.
The premiere episode featured Sullivan's decision whether to expel a student for painting graffiti on a school wall that accused a teacher of having sex with a sheep.
Creation.
Baxter said that the role of Flynn Sullivan appealed to her because it was a break with TV tradition, portraying an "intelligent, capable woman" who "isn't looked at a sexual object or as a target" and "doesn't need to be defended and protected and rescued." The Seattle Post-Intelligencer described Flynn as "90 percent dignity, 10 percent dizziness." Baxter said she "would love to go with less dignity" but compared the character to Mary Richards: "everyone around her can be a little nuts, but there has to be some center there that viewers can believe in."
In creating the show, Baxter knew she wanted to set it in a workplace as opposed to a family home, in contrast with her previous work (such as the hit 1980s sitcom "Family Ties"). She and her colleagues considered settings including a fashion magazine, an advertising agency and a newspaper before deciding on a school.
Baxter was also one of the show's executive producers, along with Thompson, whose parents and sister were teachers, and Gary Murphy.
Reaction and cancellation.
"The Faculty" premiered on Wednesday, March 13, 1996 as a midseason replacement.
Reviews of the show were generally unfavorable. Matt Roush of "USA Today" said "The Faculty" "fails the critical tests of originality and pungency," although he called Baxter the show's "one unmistakable asset." Howard Rosenberg of the Los Angeles Times said the sitcom was "of light merit," comparing its characters unfavorably to the funnier school personalities of "The Simpsons". Frederic Biddle of the Boston Globe was particularly negative, calling Baxter a failure as a physical comedian and decrying "the stick-figure boobies who pass for supporting characters."
In contrast, The San Diego Union-Tribune's John Freeman praised the show, calling its ensemble cast "notably strong" and naming Shulman and Goetz as stand-outs. 
"The Faculty" won its time slot with its premiere episode, placing 34th in the weekly Nielsen ratings.

</doc>
<doc id="20261827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261827" title="Steri-Strip">
Steri-Strip

Steri-Strips are 3M's Nexcare branded thin adhesive strips which can be used to close small wounds, generically known as butterfly stitches. They are applied across the laceration in a manner which pulls the skin on either side of the wound together. Steri-Strips may be used instead of sutures (stitches) in some injuries, because they lessen scarring and are easier to care for.
The precursor to the Steri-Strip was 3M's Micropore brand of microporous surgical tape. 
One of the drawbacks of the construction of Steri-Strips is the fact they are paper based, this means that their durability can be compromised if they get wet. Products such as Leukostrip have been developed that are made of a synthetic material that will repel water and therefore remain in place longer.
Usage.
Steri-Strips are ideal for use in highly contoured areas or areas of musculoskeletal movements, such as joints. They are also for use in areas where swelling, edema, hematomas, or bloating may occur. Additionally, they provide wound support following early suture or staple removal.
Benefits.
Steri-Strips help prevent maceration. They result in less scarring when compared to staples or sutures. They present a lesser chance of infection than sutures or staples.

</doc>
<doc id="20261829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261829" title="Chronology of the Great Famine">
Chronology of the Great Famine

The Chronology of the Great Famine ( or "An Drochshaol", litt: "The Bad Life") documents a period of Irish history between 1845 and 1852 during which time the population of Ireland was reduced by 20 to 25 percent. The proximate cause was famine resulting from a potato disease commonly known as late blight. Although blight ravaged potato crops throughout Europe during the 1840s, the impact and human cost in Irelandwhere a third of the population was entirely dependent on the potato for foodwas exacerbated by a host of political, social and economic factors which remain the subject of historical debate.
Chronology.
1845.
August.
At the beginning of August, Sir Robert Peel, the British Prime Minister, received news of a potato disease in the South of England. This was the first recorded evidence that the 'blight' which had ravaged the potato crop in North America had crossed the Atlantic. Cecil Woodham-Smith would write that a failure in England would be serious, but for Ireland, it would be a disaster.
September.
Following earlier reports of incidences of the blight in England, on 13 September 1845 potato blight was first reported in Ireland. The crops at Dublin were suddenly perishing, it was reported in the "Gardeners' Chronicle", asking "where will Ireland be in the event of a universal potato rot?" The British Government were nevertheless optimistic through the next few weeks.
October.
The principle of the Corn Laws had been to keep the price of home-grown grain up. Duties on imported grain assured English farmers a minimum and profitable price. The burden of a higher price for bread was carried by the labouring classes, in particular factory workers and operatives. It was claimed that if the Corn Laws were repealed all those connected with the land would be ruined and the established social organisation of the country destroyed.
According to Cecil Woodham-Smith, the rising wrath of Tories and landlords “all interest in Ireland was submerged.” The Tory Mayor of Liverpool she says refused to call a meeting for the relief of Irish distress, the Mansion House Committee in Dublin she continued, was accused of 'deluding the public with a false alarm', and the blight itself 'was represented as the invention of agitators on the other side of the water'. The entanglement of the Irish famine with the repeal of the Corn Laws she says was a key misfortune for Ireland. The potato failure was eclipsed by the domestic issue of Corn Law repeal. The Irish famine she writes, would "slipped into the background."
1846.
The first deaths from hunger took place in early 1846. In March Peel set up a programme of public works in Ireland but was forced to resign as Prime Minister on 29 June. The new Whig administration under Lord Russell, influenced by their laissez-faire belief that the market would provide the food needed then halted government food and relief works, leaving many hundreds of thousands of people without any work, money or food. Grain continued to be exported from the country. Private initiatives such as The Central Relief Committee of the Society of Friends (Quakers) attempted to fill the gap caused by the end of government relief and eventually the government reinstated the relief works, although bureaucracy slowed the release of food supplies. The blight almost totally destroyed the 1846 crop and the Famine worsened considerably. By December a third of a million destitute people were employed in public works.
1847.
There were average crop yields in the 1847 harvest but too few seed potatoes had been planted. Crowds began to throng the public works during the last months of 1846 and the start of 1847, which promoted exactly the social conditions for the spread of 'famine fever.' In late January and February legislation went through the British parliament called the Temporary Relief Act it became popularly known as the Soup Kitchen Act and occasionally as Burgoyne's Act. This system of relief was designed to deliver cheap food directly and gratuitously to the destitute masses. This system of relief would be terminated in September. The government also announced an additional change in the system of relief. After August 1847, the permanent Poor Law was to be extended and was to become responsible for providing relief and as a result, all relief would be financed by the local Poor Law rates. This put impossible loads on local poor rates, particularly in the rural west and south. With the mass emigration of the famine era, the horrors of the 'coffin ships' and 1847 have ever since been associated in the popular mind, according to James S. Donnelly.
1848.
The blight returned in 1848 and outbreaks of cholera were reported. Evictions became common among the Irish who could not keep up with the demands of their British landlords. Famine victims on outdoor relief peaked in July at almost 840,000 people. On 29 July an uprising against the government was led by William Smith O'Brien. After a skirmish at "Widow McCormack's house" in the village of Ballingarry, County Tipperary the leaders of the rebellion fled to America or were sentenced to transportation.
1849.
The potato crop failed again in 1849 and famine was accompanied by cholera outbreaks. This deadly cholera epidemic killed one of Ireland's greatest poets: James Clarence Mangan.
1850.
The Famine ended.
1851.
By 1851 census figures showed that the population of Ireland had fallen to 6,575,000 – a drop of 1,600,000 in ten years. Cormac Ó Gráda and Joel Mokyr have described the 1851 census as a famous but flawed source. They contend that the combination of institutional and individuals figures gives “an incomplete and biased count” of fatalities during the famine. The famine left in its wake up to a million dead and another million emigrated. The famine caused a sense of lasting bitterness by the Irish towards the British government, whom many blamed — then and now — for the starvation of so many people. The fall-out of the famine continued for decades afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="20261853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261853" title="Lechtal Alps">
Lechtal Alps

The Lechtal Alps () are a mountain-range in western Austria, and part of the greater Northern Limestone Alps range. Named for the Lech River which drains them north-ward into Germany, the Lechtal Alps occupy the Austrian states of Tyrol and Vorarlberg and are known for their diverse rock structure. 
The highest peaks are, in descending order:

</doc>
<doc id="20261874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261874" title="Alexander Yagubkin">
Alexander Yagubkin

Alexander G. Yagubkin (25 March 1961 in Donetsk, Ukrainian SSR – 7 August 2013) was an amateur boxer, who won a gold medal at the 1982 World Amateur Boxing Championships and was honoured as a Master of Sports of the USSR.
1982 World championship.
Yagubkin represented the USSR at the 1982 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Munich, West Germany. There he won the gold medal in the heavyweight division (– 91 kg). In the final he defeated East Germany's Jürgen Fanghänel, after the referee stopped the contest in the third round.
1987 European championships.
Five years later, at the inaugural 1987 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Turin, Italy, this time Yagubkin competed at super heavyweight and won the silver medal title after losing to Ulli Kaden in the final.
Death.
Yagubkin died on 7 August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20261920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261920" title="Brady Malam">
Brady Malam

Brady Malam (born 14 March 1973) is a former New Zealand rugby league player. His preferred position was at Prop.
Early years.
A junior from the Glenora club, Malam played for Auckland at Hooker before bulking up and moving to Prop in his late teens. He played for the Junior Kiwis in 1992 and 1993. In the 1994 Lion Red Cup Malam played one match for the Waitakere City Raiders.
Auckland Warriors.
In 1996 he made his Australian Rugby League debut for the Auckland Warriors and was a key part of the reserve grade team that made the grand final. He was also named Development Player of the Year. He went on to play 55 games for the Warriors, both from the bench and starting at prop. In 1997, during the Super League war, he made his debut for New Zealand in the triseries against Queensland and New South Wales.
Wigan Warriors.
In 2000 he moved to England to play for the Wigan Warriors in the European Super League. He made 25 appearances and played for the Wigan Warriors from the interchange bench in their 2000 Super League Grand Final loss against St Helens RLFC. He was released by the club at the end of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="20261924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261924" title="Kairo-kō">
Kairo-kō

Plot summary.
"Kairo-kō" consists of a short introduction and five sections. The first section, "The Dream" recounts a conversation between Guinevere and Lancelot in which she describes her dream of a snake that coils around the pair and binds them together; it ends with Lancelot heading to a tournament. The second section, "The Mirror", relates a scene based on Tennyson's "The Lady of Shalott": the Lady can view the world only through a mirror's reflection or else she will die, but when she sees Lancelot she turns to look upon him. Her action kills her, but not before she places a death curse on Lancelot. The section "The Sleeve" relates the famous episode in which Elaine of Astolat convinces Lancelot to wear her sleeve on his shield as a token in a joust. Guinevere finds out about Lancelot's relationship with Elaine in the next section, "The Transgression"; Mordred condemns her for her infidelity against King Arthur with Lancelot. The final section, "The Boat", concerns the death of Elaine; grieving over the loss of Lancelot, she dies and is placed in a boat along with a letter proclaiming her love, and is sent downriver to Camelot.
Background.
Written in 1905, "Kairo-kō" was one of Sōseki's first novels, and helped establish him as the premier novelist of the Meiji Era. Like other of Sōseki's early works, such as the short story "Rondon tô" ("The Tower of London"), it was informed by his unpleasant stay in the United Kingdom between 1901 and 1903, during which he studied medieval and contemporary British literature. Sōseki had worked with the Arthurian legend in "The Phantom Shield", also published in 1905, though in this case the Arthurian world serves only as the backdrop for a tale of courtly love. His chief sources for "Kairo-kō" were Thomas Malory's "Le Morte d'Arthur" and Alfred, Lord Tennyson's Arthurian poetry, particularly "The Lady of Shalott"; there are also influences from Tennyson's "Idylls of the King" and Edmund Spenser's "The Faerie Queene" (for the description of Merlin's mirror). "Kairo-kō" represents a mix of medieval and Victorian Western material with Japanese and Chinese forms; as the subtitle "A Dirge" suggests, the prose is highly lyrical and tempered by passages meditating on the pain and sadness tied to torrid love. The novel's archaic writing style may have been further inspired by the Pre-Raphaelite and "fin de siècle" artworks Sōseki would have encountered in London.
"Kairo-kō" represents an exploration of the theme of adultery, a theme which recurs in much of Sōseki's later work. Literary critic Jun Etō put forth the controversial suggestion that "Kairo-kō", like Sōseki's subsequent novels, contained a coded intimation of his own affair with his sister-in-law. "Kairo-kō" was translated to English in 1982 by Toshiyuki Takamiya and Andrew Armour for the volume "Arthurian Literature II", edited by Richard Barber.

</doc>
<doc id="20261936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261936" title="Richard Edmund Meredith">
Richard Edmund Meredith

The Rt. Hon. Richard Edmund Meredith PC, QC (18 November 1855 - 1916), was the Master of the Rolls in Ireland, a Privy Councillor, Judge of the Supreme Court of Ireland and Judicial Commissioner of the Irish Land Commission.
Career.
Born at Summerhill, County Dublin, Meredith was the son of Isabella Agnes Standish, of Kinsale, County Cork, and William Rice Meredith (1814-1888), a prominent Dublin solicitor and sometime President of the Law Society of Ireland, who took his middle name from his ancestors, the Rices of Aghare. Richard Meredith was a brother of Frederick Walsingham Meredith (1859-1924), also President of the Law Society of Ireland, and a nephew of John Walsingham Cooke Meredith, the father of his notable cousins in Canada. His Irish cousins included the brothers Judge James Creed Meredith and the Ven. Ralph Creed Meredith. He was an uncle of the poet Monk Gibbon, the mathematician Carew Arthur Meredith and the Chief Justice of the Patna High Court, Sir Herbert Ribton Meredith.
Educated at Galway College, Queen's University of Ireland and Trinity College, Dublin. Meredith entered Middle Temple in 1876 and was called to the Irish bar in 1879. He rapidly acquired an extensive practice, becoming a Queen's Counsel (Q.C.) in 1892, only thirteen years later, when the average time before taking silk was twenty years. He enjoyed an immense practice as a barrister, and was considered as an equity lawyer of the first rank. In 1894, he was admitted as a Bencher of King's Inns, Dublin, where he was for a long time the youngest member of that body by a considerable number of years. In 1896, he was appointed a Judge of the High Court of Justice in Ireland and a member of the Privy Council of Ireland. In 1898, he was appointed Judicial Commissioner of the Irish Land Commission, in which capacity he made his fame. In 1906, he was appointed Master of the Rolls in Ireland, a popular choice as he had never associated himself with party politics. He retired due to ill health in 1912 and died in the North of England, January 26, 1916 On Meredith's death "The Irish Times" reported that,
"His youthful appearance on the Bench attracted the notice of strangers, but no person could have been present at any case without being struck by the easy mastery he possessed of every question raised by the contending counsel on each side... In private life Judge Meredith was extremely popular. After the toil of court there was no person who more thoroughly appreciated the pleasure of a social gathering, and he was frequently to be found at those concerts where a good song formed part of the entertainment."
Family.
At Dublin in 1880, he married Anne, daughter of John Pollock of Harcourt Street, Dublin, by his wife and cousin Elizabeth, the eldest daughter of Nicholas Purdon-Stoute of Newtown, near Youghal, Co. Waterford/Co. Cork, whose father (John Stoute Purdon-Stoute) had taken the name of Stoute on inheriting Newtown. The Pollocks were associated with Springmount, Co. Waterford and Brooklodge, Co. Cork. The Merediths were the parents of five children and lived at 31 Fitzwilliam Square, Dublin. Their eldest son, Lt.-Colonel William Rice Meredith (1882-1964) C.B.E., D.S.O., was a Gold Staff Officer at the coronation of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth. 

</doc>
<doc id="20261943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261943" title="Tooth of Crime">
Tooth of Crime

Tooth of Crime is a 2008 album by T-Bone Burnett. The album is a selection of music written by Burnett for the 1997 production of Sam Shepard's play "The Tooth of Crime".
Reception.
Music critic Mark Deming of Allmusic praised the album and wrote "Tooth of Crime is a smart, absorbing, and beautifully disquieting collection of songs that could have come from no one else but T Bone Burnett, and it shows that one of America's best songwriters may be working at a very deliberate pace but he still has some remarkable things left to tell us."

</doc>
<doc id="20261949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261949" title="Bernard Feilden">
Bernard Feilden

Sir Bernard Feilden CBE FRIBA (11 September 1919 – 14 November 2008) was a conservation architect whose work encompassed cathedrals, the Great Wall of China and the Taj Mahal. 
Biography.
Feilden was born in Hampstead, London. He was educated at Bedford School and The Bartlett School of Architecture, University College, London. 
He joined the practice of Edward Boardman and Son in Norwich, where he designed the Trinity United Reformed Church. He set up an architectural practice, Feilden+Mawson, with David Mawson in 1956, to which offices in Norwich, London and Cambridge were later added. In 1968 Feilden took over as consultant architect to the University of East Anglia, completing the work of his predecessor Denys Lasdun, and creating an arena shaped square as a social space. 
His work in Britain encompassed Norwich Cathedral, York Minster, St Paul's Cathedral, Hampton Court Palace and St. Giles' Cathedral, Edinburgh. Overseas he advised on Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa mosque, the Taj Mahal, the Konark Sun Temple and the Great Wall of China.
He was elected Director of the International Centre for the Study of the Preservation and Restoration of Cultural Property (ICCROM) in 1977. During his mandate he spearheaded safeguarding measures and disaster recovery of cultural heritage in the wake of the 1976 earthquakes in Guatemala and Friuli (Italy), and the 1979 earthquake in Montenegro.
His 1982 publication, "Conservation of Historic Buildings" is still an important reference book for architectural conservators.
In 1986 Feilden was awarded the Aga Khan Award for Architecture for his work on the Al-Aqsa mosque's dome. He was appointed OBE in 1969, CBE in 1976 and was knighted as a Knight Bachelor in 1985.
He died on 14 November 2008 at the age of 89.

</doc>
<doc id="20261953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261953" title="Fatigue (safety)">
Fatigue (safety)

Fatigue is a major safety concern in many fields, but especially in transportation, because fatigue can result in disastrous accidents. Fatigue is considered an internal precondition for unsafe acts because it negatively affects the human operator's internal state. Research has generally focused on pilots, truck drivers, and shift workers.
Fatigue can be a symptom of a medical problem, but more commonly it is a normal physiological reaction to exertion, lack of sleep, boredom, changes to sleep-wake schedules (including jet lag), or stress.
Types.
Fatigue can be both physical and mental. Physical fatigue is the inability to continue functioning at the level of one's normal abilities; a person with physical fatigue cannot lift as heavy a box or walk as far as he could if not fatigued.
Mental fatigue, on the other hand, rather manifests in sleepiness or slowness. A person with mental fatigue may fall asleep, may react very slowly, or may be inattentive. With microsleeps, the person may be unaware that he was asleep.
Factors.
The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration identifies three main factors in driver fatigue: Circadian rhythm effects, sleep deprivation, and cumulative fatigue effects, and industrial or "time-on-task" fatigue.
In aviation.
Human factors are currently the most common factor of aviation crashes. In 1999, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, NASA, testified before the U.S. House of Representatives that pilot fatigue impacts aviation safety with "unknown magnitude". The report cited evidence of fatigue issues in areas including aviation operations, laboratory studies, high-fidelity simulations, and surveys. The report indicates that studies consistently show that fatigue is an on-going problem in aviation safety. Fatigue can result in pilot error, slowed responses, missed opportunities, and incorrect responses to emergency situations.
A November 2007 report by the National Transportation Safety Board indicates that air crew fatigue is a much larger, and more widespread, problem than previously reported. The report indicates that since 1993 there have been 10 major airline crashes caused by aircrew fatigue, resulting in 260 fatalities. Additionally, a voluntary anonymous reporting system known as ASAP, Aviation Safety Action Program, reveals widespread concern among aviation professionals about the safety implications of fatigue. The NTSB published that FAA's response to fatigue is unacceptable and listed the issue among its "Most Wanted" safety issues.
Between 2010 and 2012, more than 6.000 European pilots have been asked to self-assess the level of fatigue they are experiencing. These surveys revealed striking results. Well over 50% of the surveyed pilots experience fatigue as impairing their ability to perform well 
while on flight duty. The polls show that e.g. 92% of the pilots in Germany report they have felt too tired or unfit for duty while on flight deck at least once in the past three years.
Yet, fearing disciplinary actions or stigmatization by the employer or colleagues, 70-80% of fatigued pilots would not file a fatigue report or declare to be unfit to fly. Only 20-30% will report unfit for duty or file a report under such an occurrence.
Fatigue in aviation accidents.
Safety experts reckon that, pilot fatigue contributes to 15-20% of fatal aviation accidents caused by human error. They also establish an increased probability of a human factor accident the longer pilots are on duty, especially for duty periods of 13 hours and above (see following statements):
"It is estimated (e.g. by the NTSB) that fatigue contributes to 20-30% of transport accidents (i.e. air, sea, road, rail). Since, in commercial aviation operations, about 70% of fatal accidents are related to human error, it can be assumed that the risk of the fatigue of the operating crew contributes about 15-20% to the overall accident rate. The same view of fatigue as a major risk factor is shared by leading scientists in the area, as documented in several consensus statements." The role of EU FTL legislation in reducing cumulative fatigue in civil aviation.
"For 10-12 hours of duty time the proportion of accident pilots with this length of duty period is 1.7 times as large as for all pilots. For pilots with 13 or more hours of duty, the proportion of accident pilot duty periods is over five and a half times as high. [...] 20% of human factor accidents occurred to pilots who had been on duty for 10 or more hours, but only 10% of pilot duty hours occurred during that time. Similarly, 5% of human factor accidents occurred to pilots who had been on duty for 13 or more hours, where only 1% of pilot duty hours occur during that time. There is a discernible pattern of increased probability of an accident the greater the hours of duty time for pilots." See. Federal Aviation Administration, Office of Aviation Policy and Plans, Washington, DC 20591, USA, March 2003.
Recent examples of pilot fatigue endangering the safety of passengers are the serious incident in Iceland (in 2007), the Colgan Air accident in the US in 2009 (50 people killed – see America Acts on Pilot Fatigue) and the Air India crash in 2010 (158 dead).
An undisclosed judicial inquiry report, obtained recently by the French news magazine Le Point cites pilot fatigue as contributing factor to the Air France Flight 447 accident. The AF 447 crash happened on 1 June 2009 during a night flight from Rio de Janeiro to Paris-Charles de Gaulle and cost the lives of all 228 people on board of the aircraft. The accident had previously been investigated by the French Accident Investigation Body BEA, whose report does not differ much from the judicial inquiry report. Except for the conclusions on one point: fatigue.www.dead-tired.eu
Fatigue has also been quoted in an official accident investigation report, published on 1 March 2013. This report identifies pilot fatigue as a probable contributor to the Afriqiyah Airways 771 accident in 2010. During a night flight from Johannesburg (South Africa) to Tripoli (Libya) the plane with 93 passengers and 11 crew members on board crashed during a go-around at Tripoli airport. Sixty-one Dutch nationals were among those killed. Only one passenger, 9-year-old Dutch boy, survived the crash.
In military aviation.
In early 2007, the 201 Airlift Squadron of the District of Columbia Air National Guard (ANG), successfully integrated the Fatigue Avoidance Scheduling Tool FAST into its daily scheduling operations. This integration required the full-time attention of two pilot schedulers, but yielded valuable risk mitigation data that could be used by planners and leaders to predict and adjust critical times of fatigue in the flight schedule. In August 2007, the Air National Guard Aviation Safety Division, under the direction of Lt Col Edward Vaughan, funded a project to improve the user interface of FAST, permitting daily use by pilot schedulers and integration with automated flight scheduling software. This improved, user-responsive interface, known as Flyawake (FlyAwake.org), was conceived and managed by Captain Lynn Lee and developed by Macrosystems. The project cited empirical data collected in combat and non-combat aviation operations, and challenged the U.S. government's established policies regarding fatigue as a factor in degrading human performance.
Among drivers.
Many countries regulate working hours for truck drivers to reduce accidents caused by driver fatigue. The number of hours spent driving has a strong correlation to the number of fatigue-related accidents. According to numerous studies, the risk of fatigue is also greatest between the hours of midnight and six in the morning, and increases with the total length of the driver's trip.
Among doctors.
Fatigue among doctors is a recognized problem. It can impair performance, causing harm to patients. A study using anonymous surveys completed by junior doctors in New Zealand found that 30% of respondents scored as "excessively sleepy" on the Epworth Sleepiness Scale and 42% could recall a fatigue related clinical error in the past 6 months
References.
Akerstedt, T., Mollard, R., Samel, A., Simons, M., Spencer, M. (PDF)
J. H. Are pilots at risk of accidents due to fatigue? (PDF)

</doc>
<doc id="20261960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261960" title="George Samuel Perrottet">
George Samuel Perrottet

George (Georges Guerrard) Samuel Perrottet (1793 – January 3, 1870) was a Swiss-born, French botanist and horticulturalist who was a native of Vully, canton Vaud.
He worked as a gardener at the "Jardin des Plantes", and in 1819-21 was as a naturalist on an expedition commanded by Naval Captain Pierre Henri Philibert. Perrottet's duties on the journey involved collecting plants in Réunion, Java, and the Philippines for re-plantation and cultivation in Guyane. 
From 1824 to 1829 he performed explorations in Senegambia (region of the present-day nations of Senegal and the Gambia), where he served as administrator of "Sénégalaise", a government outpost and trading company. Prior to returning to France in 1829, he explored Gorée Island and Cape Verde. With Jean Baptiste Antoine Guillemin (1796–1842) and Achille Richard (1794–1852), he published a work on the flora of Senegambia called "Florae Senegambiae Tentamen" (1830–1833), with its illustrative work being done by Joseph Decaisne (1807–1882).
In 1832 Perrottet was appointed correspondent of the "Museum National d'Histoire Naturelle" in Paris, and from 1834 to 1839 was assigned to the botanical garden in Pondicherry. In 1839 he returned to France, where he became involved with silkworm cultivation. From 1843 until his death in 1870, he worked as a botanist in Pondicherry.

</doc>
<doc id="20261968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261968" title="Jason and the G-Men">
Jason and the G-Men

Jason and the G-Men was a Christian swing/jazz, band from Minnesota founded in 1991 by Jason Harms, Greg Seeger, Rick McKinley and Rick Corliss. The "Encyclopedia of Contemporary Christian Music" refers to them as possibly "Christian music's answer to Harry Connick Jr."
Their music was often compared to that of Frank Sinatra, Tony Bennett, or Gene Krupa. As these comparisons indicate their music was more connected with traditional, 1940s style swing than swing revival bands such as The Brian Setzer Orchestra, although their primary period of activity was linked to the latter. Within Christian music their act was relatively unique; according to one reviewer they compared only to a few tracks produced by Carman. Their albums featured reworked hymns, jazz standards and some original songs.
They opened for The Winans in 1992 and recorded a self-titled cassette only demo in the former studios of KTIS. In 1993 they appeared at the Gospel Music Association's Music in the Rockies New Artists Showcase. "True Tunes News" gave them favorable reviews playing at Cornerstone in 1993. ""G" as in Men" was recorded live in concert in 1996 at "Heritage Christian Center" in Aurora, Colorado and MPR Studio "M" in St. Paul, Minnesota. Similarly, their 1999 release "Swing Hard, Swing Often" was recorded live. Jason and the G-Men disbanded in 2000, but Jason Harms continues to record with his brother Jesse Harms in a group called the “Jason Harms Quartet"

</doc>
<doc id="20261972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20261972" title="Malta in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008">
Malta in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008

Malta selected their Junior Eurovision entry for 2008 through Junior Eurosong, a national final consisting of 16 songs. The winner was Daniel Testa, with the song "Junior Swing".
At Eurovision.
On 14 October 2008 the running order for Junior Eurovision took place, and the Maltese song was given the spot to perform in the tenth position; the same as in the 2007 contest. Daniel Testa reached to end up in the fourth place, the best position for Malta in this contest. This was also the best European result for Malta since Chiara's second position placing in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20262031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262031" title="Uncial 0198">
Uncial 0198

Uncial 0198 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 6th century.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Epistle to the Colossians 3:15-16,20-21, on one parchment leaf (11 cm by 7.5 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 7 lines per page, in very large uncial letters. 
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th century.
The codex currently is housed at the British Library (Pap. 459) in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20262037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262037" title="Alan Morgan (bishop)">
Alan Morgan (bishop)

The Rt Rev Alan Wyndham Morgan OBE (22 June 1940 – 24 October 2011 ) was the Suffragan Bishop of Sherwood from 1989 until 2004. 
He was born on and educated at Gowerton Boys’ Grammar School and St David's College, Lampeter. He was ordained in 1966 and began his ecclesiastical career with curacies in Llangyfelach, Cockett and Coventry. Following these he was appointed Vicar to St Barnabas, Coventry in 1972 and then in 1978 "Bishop's Officer for Social Responsibility" within the Diocese of Coventry. Appointed Archdeacon of the city in 1983 he ascended to the Episcopate six years later. 
At a national level he was chairman of the General Synod’s Board of Social Responsibility’s Working Party on the Future of the Family, which produced a report called 'Something to Celebrate' in 1995. He was also part of the Coalfields Task Force and went on to continue the work as Chair of the Coalfields Regeneration Trust. 
He retired in 2004 and was appointed OBE the following year. 

</doc>
<doc id="20262042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262042" title="Class 99">
Class 99

Class 99 is the classification of German narrow gauge locomotives used by the Deutsche Reichsbahn or her successor administrations. It is therefore divided into numerous sub-classes that are listed in this table.

</doc>
<doc id="20262045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262045" title="Open de Canarias">
Open de Canarias

Open de Canarias may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20262087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262087" title="Lonnie Park">
Lonnie Park

Lonnie Park is a Grammy Nominated musician and composer, studio and live musician, producer, business entrepreneur, and author.
Music career.
Lonnie is a professional musician, accomplished recording and performing artist, 2013 Grammy nominated album composer and keyboardist. He is best known as a vocalist, keyboardist, and songwriter, but has appeared as engineer, producer, and playing a wide variety of instruments. Along with his solo career, and various collaborations, Lonnie is the lead singer of the band Ten Man Push. With many national tours under his belt, and consistently playing live over two hundred times each year, Lonnie is a solid performer both live and in the studio. With both signed and independent acts, Lonnie has been in demand for his wide range of talents. In addition to being front man for the band Ten Man Push,'The Official Band of American Motocross'. One project Lonnie was involved with received a 2013 Grammy Nomination for “Best Pop Instrumental Album of the Year”. On this album, Arun Shenoy’s“Rumbadoodle”, Lonnie was a composer and played piano and keyboards. With a constant stream of projects and collaborations, his catalog of works is constantly growing.
Business Career.
In 1992, Lonnie and business partner opened “The Ultimate Music Center” in Cortland NY. This business was a large retail music store, professional recording studio, and pro-audio business. Lonnie was responsible for running all aspects of the studio and pro audio divisions, while also participating daily in the retail and management parts of the business. He became known as the “Master of Sound” in central NY. His pro audio business serviced most Churches and Schools in the Central NY area. He composed a book for his customer base titled “Church Sound Systems” which was picked up by international publishing giant Hal Leonard Publishing. The retail business was closed after the passing of his business partner in 2010. Under the newly formed company “Ultimate Sound LLC”, Lonnie continues to be the go-to source for industrial sound systems. He also is constantly active working with clients from the recording studio that he built in his home.
Discography.
Arun Shenoy “Rumbadoodle”2013 Grammy Best Pop Instrumental Album Nominee – Piano, Composer
Wrathchild America “3D”, Atlantic Records- Keyboards
John West “Mind Journey”, Shrapnel Records- Songwriter
John West “Permanent Mark”, Shrapnel Records- Songwriting, Keyboards, Backing Vocals
John West “Earth Maker”, Frontiers Records & Yamaha Records- Songwriter, Co-Producer, Mix & Mastering Engineer, Backing Vocals, Keyboards
John West “Long Time No sing” Frontiers Records – Songwriter, Co-Producer, Mix & Mastering Engineer, Backing Vocals, Keyboards, Guitars, Bass
Artension “Machine”, Shrapnel Records- Backing Vocals and Vocal Arrangements, Engineering
Artension “Sacred Pathways”, Frontiers Records – Co-Production, Backing Vocals and Vocal Arrangements, Tracking, Mixing, and Mastering Engineering
Artension “Future World”- Backing Vocals and Vocal Arrangements, Engineering
Artension “New Discovery”- Backing Vocals and Vocal Arrangements, Engineering
Feinstein “Third Wish”, SPV Records – Vocal Production and Engineering
Feinstein “One Night In The Jungle”, Hollywood Island Music- Keyboards, Engineering, Co-Production
Cozy Powell “Especially For You”, Polydor Records -Songwriting, Keyboards, Backing Vocals
Slave to the Power “The Iron Maiden Tribute” Revolver USA/Meteor City -Recording Engineering and Mixing, All Backing Vocals for “Run To The Hills”
James Murphy “Feeding The Machine”, Shrapnel Records -Backing Vocals & Engineering on “The Visitors”
Royal Hunt “Eye Witness”- Recording Engineer/Bonus Track
Chris Caffery “House of Insanity”, 2008 Label TBA – Recording engineering, Backing Vocal Arrangement and Backing Vocals, Keyboards
Ten Man Push “Self Titled Debut”, Nozenglazzes Records- Lead Vocals, Guitars, Bass, Keyboards, Songwriting, Production, Recording, Mixing, and Mastering Engineer, Backing Vocals
Ten Man Push “Playing In The Dirt”, Nozenglazzes Records ( Same credits as debut)
Steve Corey  “ Your Stinking Love” Full production including most instrumentation as well as mix and master.
Notable Appearances on Independent Releases: Randy McStine “Second Shot” Randy McStine “Shredding Skin” Colleen Kattau “Inhabited Woman” Colleen Kattau “About Time” Tink Bennett & Tailor Made “We’re Here Tink Bennett & Tailor Made “It Never Ends” Andrew James “Wildly Alive With Music” Greg Soshinky “Waves Of Time” Travis Rocco “Gone” Many Moons “Many Moons” Destiny “Side By Side” Our Planet Band
Film/TV Works:The Sweet Life with Chris Xaver National Cooking show (Theme, score, and post audio)“Waiting On Alphie” White Lightning Productions / Diesel Movie Werks (Soundtrack, Sound Mixer) “Dream House” Chinimble Lore/ Kevin Hicks (Soundtrack, Sound Mixer) Nitro Circus “Thrillbillys” Travis Pastrana (Soundtrack) Versus Network “Racer TV” (Theme Song, 2010–present) “Cayuga Lake Wine Country” Elk Productions (Host and Narrator) “High School Challenge” TC3 Television Production (Theme Song)
Technology Products: “Gorgeous Piano I, Lonnie Park Signature Series” Loop Library, Hark Productions “Gorgeous Piano II, Lonnie Park Signature Series” Loop Library, Hark Productions “Trak Paks” VASST/Hark “Rap Beats” Hark “Studio Tools” Loop Library, Hark Productions
Live Audio: FOH Mix Little Feat Hillary Clinton Dalai Lama (1990) Twila Paris Phil Keaggy Chuck Gerrard Dennis Agajanian YWAM USA Tour
Commercial/Industrial Audio Contributions: Clients Pepsi-Co, Corporate Video Works, Tompkins Library DVD, First National Bank of Dryden, Bruce’s Soft Touch, ES&L Bank, Tompkins Cortland Community College
Written Works: “Church Sound Systems” by Lonnie Park, Hal Leonard Publishing - See more at: http://lonniepark.com
Notable Musicians Collaborated With.
Park has performed with and engineered for many well known musicians. Some known artists are the following:
Merle Haggard (Country Legend)
Arun Shenoy (Rumbadoodle)
Twila Paris (Christian Artist)
Chuck Girard (Christian Artist)
John West (Royal Hunt, Artension, Badlands, Lynch Mob, Yngwie Malmsteen)
Chris Caffery & Jeff Plate (Trans Siberian Orchestra / Savatage)
Cozy Powell (Whitesnake, Black Sabbath, ELP, many more)
Kevin Chown (Uncle Cracker, Jimmy Kimmel Band, Artension)
Bobby Jarzombek & Metal Mike Claszcek (Halford, Sebastian Bach)
Barry Sparks (Ted Nugent, Dokken, Yngwie Malmsteen)
Mike Terrana (Artension, Yngwie Malmsteen)
Dave Feinstein (Elf w/ Dio, The Rods)
John Macaluso (TNT, Yngwie Malmsteen, Riot)
Jeff Howell (Outlaws, Foghat)
Gary Holland (Great White)
Ron Riddle (Blue Oyster Cult)
Vitalij Kuprij (Artension, Ring of Fire, Trans Siberian Orchestra)
Rob Hunter (Raven, Branford Marsalis)
Mike Casswell (Brian May, Cozy Powell)
Maestro Mistheria
Chris Myers
Felipe Praino
Sridharan Ravichandran
Craig Morgan
Charlie Shew (The Orleans)

</doc>
<doc id="20262089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262089" title="Eric Butler (American football)">
Eric Butler (American football)

Michael Eric Butler (born September 13, 1984 in Pascagoula, Mississippi) is an American football tight end who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the New York Giants as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Mississippi State.
Butler has also been a member of the Indianapolis Colts and St. Louis Rams.
College career.
Butler played in 45 games with 23 starts in four years at tight end for Mississippi State and recorded 50 receptions for 635 yards (12.7-yard avg.) and eight touchdowns. As a senior, played in 13 games with five starts and caught eight passes for 71 yards. He became MSU’s career touchdown leader for a tight end as a sophomore. He became Bulldogs’ single-season touchdown receptions leader for a tight end as a freshman. Butler was named to the SEC All-Freshman and The Sporting News 2004 Freshman All-SEC team.
Professional career.
New York Giants.
After going undrafted in the 2008 NFL Draft, Butler signed with the New York Giants as an undrafted free agent on April 29, 2008. He was waived by the team during final cuts on August 30.
Indianapolis Colts.
Butler was signed to the practice squad of the Indianapolis Colts on November 14, 2008. He was released by the Colts on November 19.
St. Louis Rams.
Butler was signed by the St. Louis Rams on March 16, 2009. He was waived on November 29. He was re-signed to the practice squad on December 3, 2009. He signed again with the St. Louis Rams on January 13, 2010.
Oakland Raiders.
Butler signed with the Oakland Raiders on August 20, 2010. He was released on August 31.

</doc>
<doc id="20262123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262123" title="Ricci Greenwood">
Ricci Greenwood

Ricci Greenwood is a retired U.S. soccer player who played in Major League Soccer, USISL and the National Professional Soccer League.
Greenwood grew up in Washington state. He attended Federal Way High School where he was an All State soccer and All Conference basketball player. Following high school, he took classes, but did not play soccer, at Highline Community College. However, he continued to play club soccer with FC Heat which won the Washington State U-19 championship. In 1992, he entered Seattle Pacific University. He was a 1995 first team All American. In March 1996, the Columbus Crew selected Greenwood in the second round (20th overall) in the 1996 MLS College Draft. For 14 years he held the team record for least amount of time on field with seven minutes before being released. However, this record was broken in June 2010 by Sergio Herrera who played just 1 minute in his time with the Crew. He may have spent some of the season on loan to the Ohio Xoggz of the USISL during the season.
He signed with the Columbus Invaders of the National Professional Soccer League for the 1996-1997 season. In February 1997, the Kansas City Wizards took him in the second round (17th overall) of the 1997 MLS Supplemental Draft, but never signed him. He then spent the 1997 season with the El Paso Patriots. In 1998, he played for the Hampton Roads Mariners of the USISL. From 1999-2001 he played for 1. FC Nuremberg in Germany.
Greenwood is now a soccer agent with 3 Star Sports & Entertainment Management.
Greenwood formerly held the distinction of having the least time on-field in Crew history at a mere 7 minutes. Sergio Herrera now holds the franchise mark with a single minute played, coming in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20262132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262132" title="Aurelius Valerius Tullianus Symmachus">
Aurelius Valerius Tullianus Symmachus

Marcus Aurelius Valerius Tullianus Symmachus Phosphorius (fl. 280-330) was a Consul of the Roman Empire in 330. He had been proconsul of Achaea in 319.
He was born around 280. He had a son, Lucius Aurelius Avianius Symmachus, whose son was the famous orator Quintus Aurelius Symmachus. He was a Neoplatonist who had not converted to Christianity. It is possible that his parents were Aurelius Hermogenes, a priest of Asia, and Tullia Valeria, a priestess.

</doc>
<doc id="20262138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262138" title="The Gladiators from Capua">
The Gladiators from Capua

The Gladiators from Capua is a children's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence, published on June 3, 2004. The eighth book of the Roman Mysteries series, it is set primarily in the city of Rome in March AD 80, during the Inaugural Games at the newly built Flavian Amphitheatre, now known as the Colosseum. It is described on the official website as "the bloodiest Roman Mystery yet", and contains detailed descriptions of fighting, slaughter and public executions.
Plot summary.
The novel follows on from events in "The Enemies of Jupiter", at the end of which Jonathan goes missing and is believed to have died in the fire in Rome. Unknown to the other characters, he accidentally started the fire and out of guilt signed up as a child gladiator for the games at the new amphitheatre. He is also tortured by the supposed death of his mother. The short story "Jonathan vs Ira" in "Trimalchio's Feast and other mini-mysteries" gives an account of his troubled state of mind during training.
"The Gladiators from Capua" opens with a brief scene set some years earlier – a slave in training as a gladiator refuses to kill his beaten opponent, turning his back on a promising career. The themes of combat, bloodshed and mercy are thus established from the start.
The story proper starts the month after the fire. Flavia and Nubia are holding a memorial for Jonathan when Lupus arrives full of a rumour he has heard: a boy with dark curly hair who is believed to have started the fire is hiding on Potsherd Mountain in Rome. Jonathan could be alive!
Flavia finagles an invitation from her uncle the senator to visit Rome for the Inaugural Games at the new Flavian Amphitheatre. Flavia, Nubia and Lupus travel to Rome with Jonathan's dog Tigris and the doorkeeper Caudex as their bodyguard. They discover that the curly-haired boy has been taken from Potsherd Mountain to the amphitheatre and is to be "thrown to the beasts". 
At the amphitheatre, they split up to look for Jonathan. Nubia meets an old friend, Mnason the animal trainer. Tigris spots Jonathan among the gladiators, but the others fail to interpret his barking correctly. 
The next three days are the start of the hundred days of games decreed by Titus to celebrate the new amphitheatre – and to take people's minds off the disastrous events of his reign thus far. For each day a programme of events is given: beginning with acrobats or dancers, then exotic beasts and the fancifully-staged execution of criminals, and in the afternoon the popular gladiatorial contests. The first day, the children are stuck on the top tier with the senator's family watching the displays at a distance, alternately fascinated and horrified at the drama, the ferocity and the bloodshed. 
On the second day, with the relations safely out of town, they resume their search for Jonathan. Flavia poses as an orphan to get taken on as a "nymph" – only to discover that she is part of a water pageant intended to end in the killing of all the nymphs by hippos and crocodiles. Only Nubia's quick thinking and the intervention of the emperor's brother Domitian saves her. The two girls are invited to join him in the Imperial Box to watch the rest of the show. They recognize Jonathan among the child gladiators, but unfortunately when Titus finds out, he orders Jonathan's arrest, believing him guilty of causing the fire. 
On the third day, Jonathan's execution is averted by Mnason, Nubia and Caudex who arrange a spectacular escape which wins the crowd's approval. Titus is glad to spare the boy, especially when he learns the truth about the fire, but he insists the children return home to Ostia, out of harm's way.
Television adaptation.
In the adaptation of the novel in the second season of the "Roman Mysteries" television series, the action was scaled down considerably. The story was set in Ostia, and the games were by way of a dress rehearsal overseen by Domitian. Jonathan was living at home with his parents and was forced to take part in the gladiatorial contests against his will. The conspiracy subplot was given greater emphasis.

</doc>
<doc id="20262149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262149" title="Trinomial tree">
Trinomial tree

The Trinomial tree is a lattice based computational model used in financial mathematics to price options. It was developed by Phelim Boyle in 1986. It is an extension of the Binomial options pricing model, and is conceptually similar. It can also be shown that the approach is equivalent to the explicit finite difference method for option pricing.
Formula.
Under the trinomial method, the underlying stock price is modeled as a recombining tree, where, at each node the price has three possible paths: an up, down and stable or middle path. These values are found by multiplying the value at the current node by the appropriate factor formula_1, formula_2 or formula_3 where
and the corresponding probabilities are: 
In the above formulae: formula_10 is the length of time per step in the tree and is simply time to maturity divided by the number of time steps; formula_11 is the risk-free interest rate over this maturity; formula_12 is the corresponding volatility of the underlying; formula_13 is its corresponding dividend yield.
As with the binomial model, these factors and probabilities are specified so as to ensure that the price of the underlying evolves as a martingale, while the moments are matched approximately (and with increasing accuracy for smaller time-steps). Note that for formula_14, formula_15, and formula_16 to be in the interval formula_17 the following condition on formula_18 has to be satisfied formula_19.
Once the tree of prices has been calculated, the option price is found at each node largely as for the binomial model, by working backwards from the final nodes to today. The difference being that the option value at each non-final node is determined based on the three - as opposed to "two" - later nodes and their corresponding probabilities. The model is best understood visually - see, for example Trinomial Tree Option Calculator (Peter Hoadley).
If the length of time-steps formula_18 is taken as an exponentially distributed random variable and interpreted as the waiting time between two movements of the stock price then the resulting stochastic process is a birth-death process. The resulting model is soluble and there exist analytic pricing and hedging formulae for various options.
Application.
The trinomial model is considered to produce more accurate results than the binomial model when fewer time steps are modelled, and is therefore used when computational speed or resources may be an issue. For vanilla options, as the number of steps increases, the results rapidly converge, and the binomial model is then preferred due to its simpler implementation. For exotic options the trinomial model (or adaptations) is sometimes more stable and accurate, regardless of step-size.

</doc>
<doc id="20262198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262198" title="1999 China Open (snooker)">
1999 China Open (snooker)

The 1999 China Open (also known as the 1999 China International) professional snooker tournament, took place between 11–19 December 1999 at the Beijing University Students' Gymnasium. The tournament was the fourth ranking event out of nine of the 1999/2000 season.
The defending champion was John Higgins, but he was eliminated in the fifth round of the qualifiers, losing to Peter Lines 1–5. Ronnie O'Sullivan won the tournament, beating Stephen Lee 9–2 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20262204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262204" title="Lev Favorsky">
Lev Favorsky

Lev Ivanovich Favorsky () (1893–1969) was a Russian football player, playing as goalkeeper.
International career.
Favorsky made his debut for Russia on 30 June 1912 in a 1912 Olympics game against Finland. He let in 16 goals in the next Olympic game against Germany which Russia lost 0:16.

</doc>
<doc id="20262221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262221" title="Adult Broadcasting Awards">
Adult Broadcasting Awards

The Adult Broadcasting Awards are given for performances in adult video programs shown on SKY PerfecTV! satellite TV channels in Japan. The awards complement those presented by the AV Open / AV Grand Prix contests which are given for adult videos sold in retail outlets or on the internet.
SKY PerfecTV!
SKY PerfecTV! (スカイパーフェクTV!) is Japan's largest satellite TV broadcaster with more than 4 million subscribers. The service is run by SKY Perfect JSAT Corporation, a corporation which includes various companies involved in TV, cable, telecommunications and satellites. SKY Perfect is owned by Japanese conglomerates Itochu Corporation, Fuji Television and Sony Corporation. Their channel list includes several adult offerings on channels 100 to 103 (Power Plat's), 110 to 114 (Perfect Choice), 371 (エンタ！371), and 900 to 917 (except 908-909). The adult programming ranges from the Playboy channel to extreme fetish videos (Dynamite TV 916).
2005 Awards.
The 2005 Adult Broadcasting Awards, given for the 2004 broadcasting year, were known as 
the 2004 CS (Communications Satellite) Adult Awards (2004 ＣＳアダルト番組アワードで). They were awarded by a panel of 5 judges comprising writer and columnist Kazuhisa Kimura, actor & director IKKAN, manga artist Mimei Sakamoto, porn actor Taka Kato and AllAbout webpage reporter Kemuta Otsubo.
The awards were given at a ceremony held in February 2005. For the main awards, a Grand Prize was given along with three runner-up awards for excellence.
Jury Grand Prize - Original Programming
Awards for Excellence - Original Programming
Jury Grand Prize - Program
Awards for Excellence - Program
Jury Grand Prize - Best Actress
Awards for Excellence - Best Actress
Award for Excellence - Advertising
Channel Actress Performance Awards
2006 Awards.
The 2006 Adult Broadcasting Awards (日本アダルト放送大賞2006), given for the 2005 broadcasting year on SKY PerfecTV!, included 31 channels and more than 10,000 adult programs. Awards were determined by viewer votes on the Internet.
Nominated for Best Actress were Yua Aida, Mako Katase, Riko Tachibana, Sora Aoi, Minami Aoyama, Manami Amamiya, Hotaru Akane, Hime Kamiya, Nao, Nana Natsume, Honoka, Mihiro and Hitomi Hayasaka. Nominations for Best Mature Actress included Aki Tomosaki, Ayako Satonaka, Ayano Murasaki, and 2 others. There were 11 nominations for Best Program and 7 for Best Original Program.
The winners were announced at the award ceremony held on March 20, 2006.
Best Actress Award
Best Mature Actress Award
Best Program Award
Best Original Programming Award
2007 Awards.
The 2007 Adult Broadcasting Awards (日本アダルト放送大賞2007) combined with the 2007 Erotic Ladies Festival or Eroide Onna Matsuri (ＥＲＯＩＤＥ女祭り２００７) were held on March 15, 2007 for the 2006 broadcast year. Once again more than 10,000 adult programs were broadcast during the year on SKY PerfecTV! channels. Awards were determined by a combination of votes of a Committee and viewer votes on the Official Website. Twelve actresses were nominated for the Best Actress Award: Runa Akatsuki, Yuma Asami, Nana Otone, Mako Katase, Ai Takeuchi, Risa Coda, Riko Tachibana, Azumi Harusaki, Honoka, Miki Mizuasa (Miki Miasa), Yuuna Mizumoto and Emiru Momose. Among the actresses nominated for Best Mature Actress were Natsuko Kayama, Chisato Shoda, Rinko Nomiya, Arisa Matumoto and the Paradise TV "Old Ladies Club" or "Kurabu Obanko" (おバン子クラブ).
The awards were presented at a hotel in the Shibuya district of Tokyo before an audience of 300, with representatives from the weekly men's magazine WEB, the media, and local and foreign journalists.
The winners of the 2007 Adult Broadcasting Awards were:
Best Actress Award
Best Mature Actress Award
Most Appearances Award
In addition to the awards, the "Erotic Ladies Festival" part of the festivities consisted of a number of competitions among the actresses present. After an opening dance by Paradise TV's "Old Ladies Club", the "contests" began with a quiz on sex education won by Nana Otone from the Ruby Channel. The endurance feat was a breast-counter competition which Runa Akatsuki won by jiggling 116 times in 30 seconds. The skill contests consisted of faking an orgasm while riding a mechanical bull and looking innocent (won by Ai Takeuchi) and an ice cream popsicle sucking test (taken by Natsumi of the Obanka Club). A panty-throw to the audience ended the ceremony.
As part of the "Erotic Ladies Festival", a number of individual awards were presented to the actresses at the ceremony, including the Slender Award (Risa Coda), Beautiful Breasts Award (Runa Akatsuki), Gravure Idol Award (Emiru Momose), Big Breasts Idol Award (Yuma Asami), Moe Award (Ai Takeuchi) and the Shiofuki Award (Yui).
2008 Awards.
The 2008 Adult Broadcasting Awards (日本アダルト放送大賞2008) combined with the festival known as the 2008 Erotic Ladies Festival or Eroide Onna Matsuri (ＥＲＯＩＤＥ女祭り２００8) were held March 30, 2008 for the 2007 broadcasting year. The awards were determined by a combination of viewer's votes at the Official Website and voting by a committee for actresses and programs nominated from the more than 10,000 adult programs aired on SKY PerfecTV! channels in 2007. There were 11 contestants for the Best Actress Award: Akane Mochida, Himata Seto, Miki Yamashiro, Nurie Mika, Akiho Yoshizawa, Nana Otone, Rio (Tina Yuzuki), Yuma Asami, Riku Shiina, Misa Kikouden & Kotone Aisaki. The five nominees for Best Mature Actress were: Reiko Shimura, Rina Takakura, Kana Mochiduki, Yuki Matsuura and Mirei Tsubaki.
The event was held in a hotel in the Shibuya area of Tokyo before an audience of about 520.
The winners of the 2008 Adult Broadcasting Awards were:
Best Actress Award
Best Mature Actress Award
Most Appearances Award
Winner EX Award
Best Program Award
Once again, for the "Erotic Ladies Festival" section, there were contests of knowledge, stamina and skill with Yuma Asami being a big winner. The evening was again ended by a panty-throw to the assembled audience.
2009 Awards.
The Official Website for the 2009 Adult Broadcasting Awards (日本アダルト放送大賞2009) opened in November 2008. Nominations and voting continued until the beginning of March 2009. 
The winners of the 2009 Adult Broadcasting Awards and the channels they represent were:
Best Actress Award
Best New Actress Award
Best Mature Actress Award
Most Appearances Award
Best Program Award
Best HD Program Award
Winner EX Award
Twenty-year old newcomer Kirara Asuka in a low-cut evening gown accepted her award saying "I am delighted", while for Haruka Ito the sentiment was "This is not just mine, it's the result of the support of everyone". Last year's winner in the Most Appearances category, Yuma Asami was on hand to present this year's award and last year's Best Actress winner Rio (Tina Yuzuki) was also present offering advice and encouragement: "After I won I had such a great year and received tremendous support from my fans, I hope you will use this as an opportunity to further excel in your career". As usual, the ceremony also had a series of "contests" for the AV actresses. Anje Hoshi won one section by skillful reading of a dirty-nurse story, Kotono won at charades (describing a banana, a condom and lotion) and Kaho Kasumi took the "air sex" prize. The end of the ceremony was marked by a panty-throw to the audience.
2010 Awards.
The Official Website for the 2010 SKY! TV Awards (スカパー！アダルト放送大賞　2010) opened in November 2009 and started accepting applications for viewing on December 1, 2009. Nominations and fan voting at the website continued until March 1, 2010. The award ceremony was held on March 24, 2010 at a theatre in Shibuya, Tokyo with 300 guests attending. The event was sponsored by the SKY Perfect JSAT Corporation (スカパーJSAT株式会社) and the CS (Communications Satellite) Broadcasting Adult Programming Ethics Committee (CS放送成人番組倫理委員会). As in the past, winners were selected from the more than 10,000 programs aired on 31 adult channels by online fan voting and a special committee.
Five actresses were nominated for the Best Actress Award: Elly Akira (Ch. 912), Nana Nanaumi (Ch. 905-914-915), Sasa Handa (Ch. 916), Maria Ozawa (Ch. 911 QueenBee) and Saori Hara (Ch. 902). Nominated for Best New Actress were Shelly Fujii (Ch. 901), Akari Asahina (Ch. 905-914-915), Risa Tsukino (Ch. 371), Yuzuka Kinoshita (Ch. 904) and an amateur girl from the Paradise TV show "Loss of Virginity" (処女喪失). The four actresses nominated for Best Mature Actress were: Ayane Asakura (Ch. 910), Reiko Nakamori (Ch. 900), Natsumi Horiguchi (Ch. 110-115) and Riri Kouda (Ch. 913 Paradise TV). The 2010 ceremony also featured two media award categories, one sponsored by the web portal company Livedoor and the other by tabloid newspaper Nikkan Gendai.
The winners of the 2010 Adult Broadcasting Awards and the channels they represented were:
Best Actress Award
Best New Actress Award
Best Mature Actress Award
Livedoor Award
Nikkan Gendai Award
Best Program Award
Best HD Program Award
Last year's winners, Kirara Asuka and Haruka Ito, were on hand to present the trophies to this year's honorees in the Best Actress and Best New Actress categories. Asuka told this year's winners "I was able to grow throughout the year as a result of my many experiences". Best Actress award winner Saori Hara, who had been cited by the police for outdoor nude photo shots in January, said she was "so surprised" to receive the award while Maria Ozawa, receiving a media award sponsored by web portal Livedoor, was "not at all expecting this". Emotional moments came from Best New Actress Shelly Fujii who broke down in tears and Yuzuka Kinoshita who said her Best Program Award "was a true team effort". Riri Kouda representing the Paradise TV entry which won the HD Program prize hoped "that we were able to convey the fun we had while shooting the film". Natsumi Horiguchi won the 'mature' actress award at age 29.
The usual erotic games and a stage show featuring a 3-D presentation followed and the evening was concluded with the now traditional panty-throw to the assembled crowd.
2011 Awards.
The Official Website for the 2011 SKY! TV Awards () opened on November 25, 2010 and began accepting applications for nominations on December 12, 2010. The voting and application process ended on February 8, 2011. The award ceremony was held on March 7, 2011 at a hotel ballroom in Tokyo's Chiyoda district with an audience of 400 guests invited by lottery. The event was sponsored by the SKY Perfect JSAT Corporation Adult Programming Ethics Committee (JSAT株式会社、成人番組倫理委員会) and the CS (Communications Satellite) Broadcasting Adult Programming Ethics Committee (CS放送成人番組倫理委員会).
Five actresses were nominated for the Best Actress Award: Yu Asakura (Ch. 911), Tsubasa Amami (Ch. 371), Jessica Kizaki (Ch. 905, 914, 915), Kei Megumi (Ch. 942) and Azumi Harusaki (Ch. 912). Nominated for Best New Actress were Uta Kohaku (Ch. 946), Kaori Sakura (Ch. 944, 901), Nina (Ch. 945) and Ai Haneda (Ch. 110-115). The five actresses nominated for Best Mature Actress were: Yu Kawakami (Ch. 110-115), Yayoi Yanagida (Ch. 100-108), Fumie Tokikoshi (Ch. 900), Misa Yuki (Ch. 910) and Nanako Mori (Ch. 904). Hikaru Shiina (Ch. 904) was also nominated for Best New Actress but she was unable to attend and her nomination was withdrawn.
Awards were also given by various media organizations including internet service provider and web portal Livedoor, newspapers Tokyo Sports and Yukan Fuji, and tabloid magazine Shukan Asahi Geino. The winners of the 2011 Adult Broadcasting Awards and the channels they represented were:
Best Actress Award
Best New Actress Award
Best Mature Actress Award
Best Program Award
Best HD Program Award
Livedoor Award
Tokyo Sports Award
Yukan Fuji Award
Shukan Asahi Geino Award
Best Actor Award
Last year's winners in the Best Actress and Best New Actress categories, Saori Hara and Shelly Fujii, presented the trophies to this year's honorees. Hara had also earlier promoted voting for the event with a PR visit to the offices of the tabloid paper Weekly Taishū (Shukan Taishu) in January 2011 where she commented that it has taken time for her to realize the full significance of her 2010 Best Actress Award.
2012 Awards.
Best Actress Award
Best New Actress Award
Best Mature Actress Award
Best Film Award
FLASH Award
Livedoor Award
Yukan Fuji Award
Cyzo Award
Nikkan Gendai Award
2013 Awards.
The 2013 SKY! TV Awards () were once again sponsored by the SKY Perfect JSAT Corporation Adult Programming Ethics Committee (JSAT株式会社、成人番組倫理委員会) and the CS (Communications Satellite) Broadcasting Adult Programming Ethics Committee (CS放送成人番組倫理委員会). Voting for nominated actresses and programs was held on the Official Site from November 1, 2012 to January 15, 2013 with the awards being presented in Tokyo on February 26, 2013.
The four actresses nominated Best Actress were Shiori Kamisaki (KMP Channel HD 942), Akiho Yoshizawa (Playboy Channel HD 943), Haruki Sato (Rainbow Channel HD 944) and Hibiki Otsuki (Paradise TV HD 948). There were six nominations for the Best New Actress Award: Mayu Kamiya (Rainbow Channel HD 944), Nami Hoshino (Rainbow Channel HD 944), Mana Sakura (Midnight Blue HD 945), Yui Fujishima (Cherry Bomb 947), Mei Matsumoto (Manzox+ 958) and Minami Kojima (エンタ！959). Nominated for Best Mature Actress were Akino Chihiro (Paradise TV HD 946), Hisae Yabe (AV King 964), Maya Sawamura (Ruby 965), Reiko Kagami (Power Plat's 968) and Akari Hoshino (Perfect Choice 972-974).
Awards were also given by various media organizations including internet service provider Livedoor, newspapers Tokyo Sports and Yukan Fuji, weekly magazines SPA! and FLASH, and monthly magazine and website (Cyzo).
Best Actress Award
Best New Actress Award
Best Mature Actress Award
Best Program Award
FLASH Award
SPA! Award
Yukan Fuji Award
Cyzo Award
Tokyo Sports Award

</doc>
<doc id="20262233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262233" title="Coraline (video game)">
Coraline (video game)

Coraline, also known as Coraline: The Game and Coraline: An Adventure Too Weird for Words, is an adventure game based on the film of the same name. It was released on January 27, 2009, in close proximity to the film's theatrical release. It was released on the PlayStation 2, Wii and Nintendo DS. The game was planned to be on the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Portable but these versions are cancelled.
Plot.
11-year-old Coraline Jones moves into the Pink Palace Apartments in Ashland, Oregon with her busy parents, Mel and Charlie Jones, who stay in offices all day. When Coraline does all her tasks her parents asked her to do, she goes to meet her neighbors, Mr. Bobinsky, and Miss Spink & Miss Forcible. After the ladies tell her about an old well not far from the house, Coraline decides to find it by using a dowsing rod. While searching, she meets an odd boy named Wybie Lovat and his cat, and it would appear that Wybie has a crush on her. Although Coraline found Wybie annoying, he showed her where the well was. After returning home (shown to be the next day), we see her busy parents Mel and Charlie. The next night Coraline goes to sleep in her new bedroom. She then wakes up hearing a strange noise and sees a mouse in her bedroom. Thinking its one of the crazy old mans (or Mr.Bobinskys), she chases it to the parlor of her home and finds a small door. She enters through the door into another world, a world where everyone has buttons for eyes and Wybie's cat talks. Coraline soon discovers that the Other Mother wants to sew buttons into her eyes and keep her forever and ever. What will Coraline do to get her parents (and the souls of three children) back safe and sound?
Development.
The game's score was composed and produced by Mark Watters. The score was recorded and mixed by Tim Bryson at Robert Irving Studios (based in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles) and Watter Music (based in Chatsworth, Los Angeles). The only three actors to reprise their roles from the film are Dakota Fanning as Coraline, Keith David as the Cat and Robert Bailey, Jr. as Wyborn "Wybie" Lovat. The remaining roles are occupied by voice actors Kath Soucie, Amanda Troop, J. B. Blanc, Susanne Blakeslee and Dave Foquette.
Reception.
Unlike the critically acclaimed film, the game has received mostly negative reviews. IGN gave the game a 2.5 out of 10 for the Wii and PS2 versions. Common Sense Media gave the game 2/5 stars based on 9 reviews. GameTrailers however gave the game a 7.9 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="20262246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262246" title="Babı">
Babı

Babı is a village and municipality in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 1,129.

</doc>
<doc id="20262251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262251" title="ATC Automation">
ATC Automation

ATC Automation is a global provider and integrator of custom automation, functional & leak test systems, manual work cells and lean manufacturing solutions. ATC has a significant presence in the energy, medical, consumer products, and automotive markets.
The company is headquartered in Cookeville, Tennessee, in a facility that includes a "clean" facility. ATC employs 150 professionals, including engineers, craftsmen, specialists and designers.
ATC is a certified company, and stays current on industry standards like GAMP, DQ/IQ/OQ/PT and OSHA Cadmium Exposure Standard regulations.

</doc>
<doc id="20262274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262274" title="Uncial 0199">
Uncial 0199

Uncial 0199 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 6th century (or 7th).
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the First Epistle to the Corinthians 11:17-19,22-24, on one parchment leaf (8.5 cm by 5 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 13 lines per page, in very large uncial letters. 
The Greek text of this codex is a mixture of text-types. Aland placed it in Category III. 
It was written in Egypt.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th or 7th century.
The codex currently is housed at the British Library (Pap. 2077 B) in London.

</doc>
<doc id="20262284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262284" title="Mirzənağılı">
Mirzənağılı

Mirzənağılı is a village in the municipality of Qazaxlar in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20262289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262289" title="Palatine L 2">
Palatine L 2

The steam locomotives of Palatine Class L 2 with the Palatinate Railway were built for the line between Speyer and Neustadt an der Weinstrasse (Neustadt-Speyer railway). Because the engines were to be used double-headed, they had doors on the front and rear of the driver's cabs and an opening in the running plate. This enabled access to the locomotive from the train whilst running.
They had the numbers XIII to XVII.
After the foundation of the Reichsbahn all the engines were taken over and were given the numbers "99 001" to "99 005". The first engine was retired as early as 1931, the last one in 1945. They carried 1.4 m³ of water and 0.6 t of coal.

</doc>
<doc id="20262293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262293" title="Quraşdırma">
Quraşdırma

Quraşdırma is a village in the municipality of Araz Zərgar in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20262303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262303" title="Tomas N'evergreen">
Tomas N'evergreen

Tomas n'evergreen (born 12 November 1969 Tomas Christiansen) is a pop singer from Aarhus, Denmark. 
The singles "Since You've Been Gone" and "Everytime (I See Your Smile)" were on top ten lists throughout Eastern Europe for more than a year and are still staples on FM radio.
His debut album "Since You've Been Gone" was a huge smash especially in Russia where it topped the charts and sold hundreds of thousands of units. Not bad for the once relatively unknown artist known to his friends home in Denmark as Tomas Christiansen.
Proving that the cream does rise to the top. The album achieved this success without any promotion. Tomas's record label Mega Records was bought out by the German company Edel Music and a decision was made not to promote the release. This bit of bad news was enough to make Tomas's co-producer and musical collaborator Jacob Johansen leave the project.
Tomas determined to share this extraordinary album with the world continued on as a solo act. The album was meticulously recorded over a two year period in Europe and America with some of the world's finest musical talent supporting Tomas. Strings were provided by the Budapest Symphony Orchestra, backing vocals were done by singers who back Stevie Wonder. The multi talented Tomas also pulled a trick out of Stevie Wonder's handbook by playing all the instruments on the smash single "Since You've Been Gone". The album's mixing was done by the Los Angeles technician John Van Nest who mixed Michael Jackson's album and at times can hear the influence of Michael Jackson on the record.
Somehow, someway the first single caught on in Russia and the rest you could say is pop history. To think Tomas's musical began his career giving his parents concerts as a child banging on a drum kit made of paint cans and pots and pans!
Tomas has followed up the success of the album with the hit singles "Just Another Love Song", and "She Believes in Gold" and he is continuously on tour throughout the world. Tomas is currently in the studio putting the finishing touches on his eagerly anticipated follow up album to "Since You've Been Gone".
In 2009 he participated in the Russian National Selection to the Eurovision Song Contest 2009.
On 6 February 2010 Tomas participated and won Dansk Melodi Grand Prix with Christina Chanée. They represented Denmark at the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 with the song "In a Moment Like This," placing fourth with 149 points. 
The huge success of the duo Chanee & n'evergreen in Scandinavia and Europe led to a joint album release in May 2010, and the prolonged tour to support it.
In early 2011 n'evergreen recorded another duet, this time with the Russian star, Kristina Orbakaitė. Composition called "Something about secrets" was written by Tomas two years ago in English, but subsequently musicians decided to sing in Russian. The video for "Тайна без тайн" (Something about secrets) is rotated on main music channels in Russia and available on http://www.youtube.com/user/TomasNevergreen.
In the end of 2012 Tomas made a present to his fans and recorded one more successful duet in Russian with a talented singer/songwriter Leonid Agutin. The song "Ay ay ay" became number one hit in no time and reached top of the charts in Russia and abroad. The cheerful and bright music video is available on http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfor71csqPc.
Discography.
Albums.
Since You've Been Gone.
("CD Baby") Release date: 2 October 2003
In a Moment Like This.
("My Way Music") Release date: 21 May 2010, With Christina Chanée
Soundtracks.
Soundtracks containing Tomas N'evergreen songs:
Videography.
Music videos have been made for:

</doc>
<doc id="20262321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262321" title="Ney Dimaculangan">
Ney Dimaculangan

Rhoneil "Ney" M. Dimaculangan (born December 15, 1982) is a Filipino singer known as the former vocalist and songwriter of 6cyclemind.
Personal life.
Aged 14, he started playing guitar with his friend Ryan "Rye" Sarmiento (6cyclemind's rhythm guitarist and back up vocals) at Don Bosco Technical Institute where they were classmates way back then. His band usually plays in school programs and churches. Later on, he met his other band mates and united to reach his dream to become a musician someday. He pursued his college degree at Centro Escolar University Conservatory of Music. He had his own band and named it in the music arena. From time to time, he visits Manila to perform gigs. He fronted the band Angel in Disguise. From then on, he joined forces with his former classmates to form a band named as 6cyclemind, managed by Darwin Hernandez (brother of Moonstar88's Herbert Hernandez). They started on 2001 where he met their former drummer Gilbert Magat. He composed some of their songs and do some recordings during his free time. Aside from being a musician, he is also the voice behind the anime TV series, BECK: Mongolian Chop Squad and played the character named Eiji. Together with other artists like Rico Blanco, Yael Yuzon, Raimund Marasigan, Jett Pangan, Teddy Corpuz and Sam Concepcion.
Career.
6cyclemind.
He has been a decade leading the vocals with the band. He also writes or produces songs for other artists. They had various product endorsements like Tanduay and GBX shoes. They were together on tours . They acquire numerous nominations from award giving bodies which paved their way in the music scene and recognized as Viewer's Choice Awards for Song of the Year 2006 for the hit song Sandalan and Artist of the Year 2006, ASAP Pop Viewer's Choice Awards for Pop Band Artist for 2009 and 2010, Favorite Group and Favorite Music Video for their song Kasalanan in Myx Music Awards. They sang the theme song for ABS-CBN Foundation S4S (Schools for Schools) and were given a plaque of appreciation for that certain contribution. Apart from reaching out for the people, their song "Sandalan" and "Walang Iwanan" were made as the theme song for Manny Villar's political advertisement for presidency. Unfortunately, he left the band. Tutti Caringal replaced him as a vocalist. Ney signed a contract under Star Records.
Solo.
Ney is the voice behind the theme song of ABS-CBN's fantaserye Imortal, "Walang Hanggan" together with Yeng Constantino. Ney released his album Ney Dmac under Star Records. A fusion of OPM alternative pop rock with songs like "Sana", "Velvet Skies", "Tagapagligtas", "Shut Up", "October" and his newest single "Ligaw" with a bonus track of Filipino 3-D animated film, RPG Metanoia, "Kaya Mo" and won as the best theme song for 2010's Metro Manila Film Festival and Favorite Media Soundtrack in Myx Music Awards 2011. He was also a drummer of the indie band Skyway Traffic but later on left the band to work as a solo artist. In 2010, he became one of the judges in the noontime talent show Showtime (TV series) but was evicted during the eviction day. In 2013, he participated on the second Philippine Popular Music Festival as the interpreter for singer-songwriter Johnoy Danao's self-composed song entry "Kung 'Di Man".
Discography.
With 6cyclemind.
Albums
Solo.
Album 

</doc>
<doc id="20262332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262332" title="Nakanotorishima">
Nakanotorishima

A phantom island, also known as Ganges Island, located at on maps of the late 19th and early 20th centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="20262334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262334" title="Araz Yağlıkənd">
Araz Yağlıkənd

Araz Yağlıkənd is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20262342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262342" title="Dawinkopf">
Dawinkopf

Dawinkopf is a mountain in Tyrol, Austria. At an elevation of , it is the second-highest mountain of the Lechtal Alps and the third highest in the Northern Limestone Alps.

</doc>
<doc id="20262344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262344" title="Arış">
Arış

Arış is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20262347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262347" title="Ruta Panorámica">
Ruta Panorámica

The Ruta Panorámica (Scenic Route), officially the Ruta Panorámica Luis Muñoz Marin (Luis Muñoz Marin Scenic Route), is a network of some 40 secondary roads which traverse the island of Puerto Rico from west to east along its "Cordillera Central" (Central Mountain Range). Most of the route consists of three roads, PR-105, PR-143, and PR-182. The route starts in Mayagüez and ends in Maunabo. The first major segment of the route runs from Mayagüez to Maricao as Route 105, then from Adjuntas to Aibonito as Route 143, and then follows Route 182 toward Maunabo.
History.
Early in the 1970s, the Autoridad de Carreteras de Puerto Rico ("Puerto Rico Roads Authority") developed a 220-kilometer route along the Cordillera Central. The route was finished in 1974. According to the original plans, the route started at Cerro Las Mesas in Mayagüez, ran along the full length of the central mountains, including along parts of the length of the Sierra de Cayey to end at Cuchilla de Pandura, in Yabucoa. The development of the route included the building of overlooks, rest areas, and recreational facilities at a cost of $4 million. In 1975, it was estimated that the cost of the necessary facilities to complete the Route - but excluding roads already built - amounted to $20 million. National Geographic has called the route "an assemblage of 40-plus roads that cuts through the island's lush Cordillera Central." 
Route description.
As the Route is a two-way road, it can be traveled starting at either its western or its eastern terminii. To travel the Route in a westernly direction (i.e., from Maunabo to Mayaguez), the course of the road is reversed from what is given here. Starting from Mayaguez and ending in Maunabo, as of August 2010, the course of the Route is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="20262354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262354" title="Jamadaha">
Jamadaha

Jamadaha is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3992 people living in 741 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262357" title="Divanlılar">
Divanlılar

Divanlılar is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20262363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262363" title="Gorazıllı">
Gorazıllı

Gorazıllı is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20262367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262367" title="Hüseynbəyli, Fizuli">
Hüseynbəyli, Fizuli

Hüseynbəyli is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20262369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262369" title="Janakinagar, Sagarmatha">
Janakinagar, Sagarmatha

Janakinagar, Sagarmatha is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3972.

</doc>
<doc id="20262371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262371" title="Albania under Serbia in the Middle Ages">
Albania under Serbia in the Middle Ages

After the weakening of the Byzantine Empire and the Bulgarian Empire in the middle and late 13th century, most of the territory of modern-day Albania became part of Serbia. Firstly, as part of Serbian Grand Principality and later as part of Serbian Empire. The southern part was governed by the semi-independent, Serbian-ruled Despotate of Epirus. Along with the Serbian-ruled Albania, there was also an Albanian state, the Principality of Arbër, and later the Kingdom of Albania. These three entities cover the history of Albania between the late 12th century until the late 14th century, when Albanian Principalities were created through all Albania.
Background.
Migration wave through the Balkans.
From the sixth century, big numbers of Slavs, Avars and Bulgars invaded the Balkan provinces of the East Roman Empire. Prior to Roman times, the Balkans had already consisted of a large culturally and ethnically mixed population. The 'ancient' inhabitants, generically referred to as Ancient Greeks, Illyrians, Thracians and Dacians, were split into many smaller tribes who had different customs and even languages. The picture was mixed further in Roman times, when Roman colonists were settled the Balkan cities, as well as Germanic, Celtic and Sarmatian "federates" in the countryside. This led to a Romanization of the natives who dwelt in cities in Illyria and Pannonia, whilst Greek was the formal language in Thrace, Epirus, and Macedonia (Roman province). In the countryside, many of the natives would join the foreign elements in raiding imperial territory. Later, there was an extensive Slavonization of the Balkans. Nevertheless, small pockets of people preserved an archaic language. The geographic origin of these proto-Albanians is disputed, and cannot be proven for lack of big archaeological or historical data pertaining to Albanians prior to the twelfth century. However, most linguists purpose that Albanian language is a genetic offspring of either Illyrian or Thracian, with a considerate influence of Latin. Later on Slavic and Turkish loanwords influenced it, although to a much lesser extent.
Serbian state.
From the time of their arrival to the Balkans in the 6th century until the 9th century, The Slavs were divided into many small tribes, called "Sclavinias" by the Byzantines. Each tribe was composed of several family clans, whose affairs were ruled by elders, headed by one ruler – the “Zhupan” (chieftain).("See also South Slavs"). We know very little about these early centuries. Much of what we know is derived from Byzantine accounts, and information is rather sketchy since the Byzantines only recorded their dealings with the Serbs during times of war. 
During the 7th century, the state of Raška would become one of the most important and most successful medieval Serbian state that unified neighboring Serbian tribes into a main medieval Serbian state in the Balkans.
Albania under Serbian rule.
The founder of the Serbian monarchy, Stefan Nemanja managed to control a part of northern Albania, which included cities of Shkodër, Dajç and Drivast. He was a native of what is now Podgorica, whence he built up a compact Serbian state, comprising the Zeta (modern Montenegro), and the Land of Hum (the "Hill" country, now the Herzegovina), northern Albania and the modern kingdom of Serbia, with a sea-frontage on the Bocche di Cattaro, whose municipality in 1186 passed a resolution describing him as "Our Lord Nemanja, Great jupan of Rascia." 
In 1219 the seat of the Serbian Orthodox Church was moved to Pec in Metohija after the church obtained autocephalous or independent status. In 1054, the Christian church had split into two branches, the Eastern Orthodox and the Roman Catholic Churches, an event known as the Great Schism. Northern Albania became predominately Roman Catholic and was thus incorporated into a powerful anti-Serb coalition led by Europe’s Catholic monarchs, led by the Pope. This created for the first time a divisive and confrontational setting for Albanians and Serbs.
In 1282 the Serbian king Stefan Uroš II Milutin gained control of the Albanian cities of Lezhë and Debar and, at some time in 1284, the city of Dyrrachion (modern Durrës).
During the reign of Stefan Dushan, 1331–55, taking advantage of the Byzantine civil war of 1341–1347, the area of Elbasan, Krujë, Berat and Vlora (Principality of Valona) were added to the nascent Serbian Empire. In 1346 the patriarchal throne was permanently established at the Pec Monastery. In 1346, after Epirus and Thessaly were added to the Serbian Empire, Dusan was crowned the emperor of the Serbs and Greeks in the city of Skopje. A legal code was promulgated and the bishopric of Pec was proclaimed a patriarchate which established the Serbian Orthodox Church as independent from Constantinople. Prizren became the political capital of the Serbian Empire and was the chief Serbian city of trade and commerce. After the death of Dushan in 1355, Kosovo was ruled by King Vukasin Mrnjavcevic, who was a co-ruler with Tsar Uros, the last of the Nemanjic rulers.
After the fall of the Serbian Empire, several Albanian Principalities were created in its territories.
Rule and rivalry in the Despotate of Epirus.
Emperor Stefan Uroš IV Dušan conquered Epirus and Acarnania in 1348, he appointed as governor of these regions Simeon Uroš, whom he had granted the title of despotes traditionally reserved for emperors' brothers and younger sons. Simeon Uroš consolidated his position in relation to the local aristocracy by marrying Thomais, the daughter of the former ruler of Epirus, John Orsini.
Simeon Uroš's relatively uneventful governorship was interrupted when, shortly after Dušan's death in 1355, his brother-in-law Nikephoros II Orsini, the deposed ruler of Epirus, reappeared in Greece and gained the support of the nobility in Thessaly and Epirus. In 1356 Nikephoros entered Epirus and forced Simeon Uroš to flee to Kastoria.
In the summer of 1358, Nikephoros II Orsini, the last despot of Epirus of the Orsini dynasty, fought with the Albanian chieftains in Acheloos, Acarnania. The Albanian chieftains won the war and they managed to create two new states in the southern territories of the Despotate of Epirus. Because a number of Albanian lords actively supported the successful Serbian campaign in Thessaly and Epirus, the Serbian Tsar granded them specific regions and offered them the Byzantine title of despotes in order to secure their loyalty.
The two Albanian lead states were: the first with its capital in Arta was under the Albanian nobleman Peter Losha, and the second, centered in Angelokastron, was ruled by Gjin Bua Shpata. After the death of Peter Losha in 1374, the Albanian despotates of Arta and Angelocastron were united under the rule of Despot Gjin Bua Shpata. The territory of this despotate was from the Corinth Gulf to Acheron River in the North, neighboring with the Principality of Gjon Zenebishti, another state created in the area of the Despotate of Epirus. The Despotate of Epirus managed to control in this period only the eastern part of Epirus, with its capital in Ioannina. During this period the Despotate of Epirus was ruled by Thomas II Preljubović, who was in an open conflict with Gjin Bue Shpata. In 1375, Gjin Bue Shpata started an offensive in Ioannina, but he couldn't invade the city. Although Shpata married with the sister of Thomas II Preljubović, Helena their war did not stop.

</doc>
<doc id="20262372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262372" title="Kovşad">
Kovşad

Kovşad is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20262377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262377" title="Qarabağ">
Qarabağ

Qarabağ is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.
References.
[

</doc>
<doc id="20262378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262378" title="Jighaul">
Jighaul

Jighaul is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3719 people living in 697 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262380" title="Qaradağlı, Fizuli">
Qaradağlı, Fizuli

Qaradağlı is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20262386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262386" title="Saracıq">
Saracıq

Saracıq is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20262389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262389" title="Kabilasi, Sagarmatha">
Kabilasi, Sagarmatha

Kabilasi, Sagarmatha is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2730 people living in 535 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262390" title="Şıxlı, Fizuli">
Şıxlı, Fizuli

Şıxlı is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20262398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262398" title="Gokuleswor">
Gokuleswor

Gokuleswor may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20262403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262403" title="Kachanari">
Kachanari

Kachanari is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4268 people living in 785 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262405" title="Yuxarı Güzlək">
Yuxarı Güzlək

Yuxarı Güzlək (also, Yuxarı Küzlək) is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20262406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262406" title="Nool">
Nool

Nool may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20262415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262415" title="Kalyanpur Jabadi">
Kalyanpur Jabadi

Kalyanpur Jabadi is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9326.

</doc>
<doc id="20262421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262421" title="Oscar Peterson and the Trumpet Kings – Jousts">
Oscar Peterson and the Trumpet Kings – Jousts

Oscar Peterson and the Trumpet Kings – Jousts is a 1974 album by Oscar Peterson, consisting of duets with the trumpeters Harry "Sweets" Edison, Jon Faddis, Clark Terry, Roy Eldridge and Dizzy Gillespie. Peterson had recently recorded individual albums with each of the trumpeters, released as "Oscar Peterson and Dizzy Gillespie" (1974), "Oscar Peterson and Roy Eldridge" (1974), "Oscar Peterson and Harry Edison" (1974), "Oscar Peterson and Clark Terry" (1975), and "Oscar Peterson and Jon Faddis" (1975).

</doc>
<doc id="20262433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262433" title="Kalyanpurkalabanzar">
Kalyanpurkalabanzar

Kalyanpurkalabanzar is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3211.

</doc>
<doc id="20262448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262448" title="Yuri Falin">
Yuri Falin

Yuri Pavlovich Falin () (born April 2, 1937 in Moscow; died November 3, 2003 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player.
International career.
Falin made his debut for USSR on May 18, 1958 in a friendly against England. He played for USSR at the 1958 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20262457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262457" title="Karjanha">
Karjanha

Karjanha is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5296 people living in 954 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262465" title="Sabesdiker losn">
Sabesdiker losn

Der sabesdiker-losn (Yiddish: דער סאַבעסדיקער לאָסן) is a dialectical feature characteristic of the Northeastern dialect of the Yiddish language (NEY, "Litvisher-vaysrusisher dialekt", "Tsofn-yidish"), which is the replacement, or merger of the "hushing" consonants ch, sh, with the "hissing" ones, "ts", "s". The name of the term is a shibboleth: the phrase ""dos shabesdike loshn"" (in standard Yiddish) means "Sabbath speech", hinting at the perception that this feature is substandard. In addition to the shibboleth, the use of the masculine article "der" indicates NEY's tendency to use either the masculine or the feminine gender for nouns where Standard Yiddish uses the neuter.
It is similar to the dialectical feature of Polish language called "mazurzenie," and there has been a hypothesis on the influence of "mazurzenie" on the development of "sabesdiker losn".

</doc>
<doc id="20262466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262466" title="Mandı">
Mandı

Mandı is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="20262467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262467" title="Kharukyanhi">
Kharukyanhi

Kharukyanhi is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3415 people living in 647 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262477" title="Khirauna">
Khirauna

Khirauna is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2870 people living in 496 individual households. Different casts of people live in the village including Goit, Mandal, Thakur, Paswan etc. The main occupation of people in the village is agriculture, but recently people have started to show an interest in other professions as well. 

</doc>
<doc id="20262480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262480" title="Categories for the Description of Works of Art">
Categories for the Description of Works of Art

Categories for the Description of Works of Art (CDWA) describes the content of art databases by articulating a conceptual framework for describing and accessing information about works of art, architecture, other material culture, groups and collections of works, and related images. The CDWA includes 532 categories and subcategories. A small subset of categories are considered core in that they represent the minimum information necessary to identify and describe a work. The CDWA includes discussions, basic guidelines for cataloging, and examples. 
Purpose.
The Categories provide a framework to which existing art information systems can be mapped and upon which new systems can be developed. In addition, the discussions in the CDWA identify vocabulary resources and descriptive practices that will make information residing in diverse systems both more compatible and more accessible. 
The use of the CDWA framework will contribute to the integrity and longevity of data and will facilitate its inevitable migration to new systems as informational technology continues to evolve. Above all, it will help to give end-users consistent, reliable access to information, regardless of the system in which it resides. 
These guidelines hopefully provide a common ground for reaching agreement on what information should be included in art information systems, and what information will be shared or exchanged with other institutions or systems. Target users are curators, registrars, researchers, information managers, and systems vendors.
History.
The CDWA is a product of the Art Information Task Force (AITF), which encouraged dialog between art historians, art information professionals, and information providers so that together they could develop guidelines for describing works of art, architecture, groups of objects, and visual and textual surrogates. 
Formed in the early 1990s, the task force was made up of representatives from the communities that provide and use art information: art historians, museum curators and registrars, visual resource professionals, art librarians, information managers, and technical specialists. The work of the AITF was funded by the J. Paul Getty Trust, with a two-year matching grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH) to the College Art Association (CAA).
CDWA Lite.
ARTstor, the J. Paul Getty Trust, and RLG Programs/OCLC have worked together to develop an XML schema to describe cultural materials and their surrogates to provide an easier and more sustainable model for contributing to union resources. This initiative was driven by the absence of a data content standard specifically designed for unique cultural works, and a technical format for expressing this data in a machine-readable format.
The result of this effort is CDWA Lite, an XML schema based on the core
elements from Categories for the Description of Works of Art (CDWA), and Cataloging Cultural Objects. CDWA Lite is intentionally *lightweight,* to encourage
and facilitate its use even by small institutions in cataloging, online
publishing, and exposing metadata.
The purpose of this schema is to describe a format for core records for works of art and material culture, based on the data elements and guidelines contained in the CDWA and CCO. (CCO is based on a subset of the CDWA categories and VRA Core.) CDWA Lite records are intended for contribution to union catalogs and other repositories using the Open Archives Initiative (OAI) harvesting protocol. 

</doc>
<doc id="20262485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262485" title="American Canine Association">
American Canine Association

The American Canine Association also known as "ACA" is one of the largest registries of purebred dogs in the United States. Established in 1984, ACA is also considered America's largest veterinary health tracking canine registry. ACA has sanctioned dog shows in USA, Canada, Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico. The ACA also has a nationally recognized rescue team and is active in legislative issues that affect the canine industry, including the support of the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
On September 9, 2002, ACA Rescue Team was recognized by US President, George W Bush, for their rescue efforts after the September 11, 2001 attacks. 
This canine registry recognizes and accepts other registries pedigrees and certificates, including AKC, FCI, UKC, APRI, CKC, among others. The AKC will also research an ACA certificate (you need 3 generation pedigree) if both parents are AKC registered. If research shows AKC parentage, you can register via AKC with the normal $30 registration fee. Many breeders use ACA because of the lesser costs associated with registering a litter and microchipping.
Dog registration.
To register a purebred canine with the ACA, the canine's parents must be registered with the ACA. If the canine has a foreign registry lineage or parents are not registered with the ACA, you must submit a 3 generation pedigree from the current registry, along with the canine or litter certificate from the current registry. The registration of a canine in the ACA does not certify the quality or health of the animal. Only a certified veterinarian may verify the health of the canine. You can also submit the Health Certification Form signed by a certified veterinarian and this information will be included in your registration record, to help breeders and owners maintain healthy canine colonies.
ACA Veterinary Health.
The American Canine Association encourages all professional breeders to have their breeding colonies certified free of congenital defects by licensed veterinarians. Eliminating many common genetic disorders improves both the health of canine populations as well as the industry itself. 
ACA's blue ribbon panel of nationally recognized veterinary medicine doctors serves as the advisory board for implementing health tracking policies, identifying procedures for addressing health problems, and advising ACA on canine health and behavior issues.
ACA Dog Shows and Events.
ACA have supported professional clubs and organizations with sanctioned dog shows and seminars. Many of these organizations include Professional Breeder Associations around US, PPDBA, MPBA, IAPBA, PPA, MNPBA and ABCDA. These organizations offer seminars to educate dog breeders in USDA regulations, health and animal care. ACA also sanctions national events and championships for the American Ringsport Federation, Canadian Ring Sport Association, the Caribbean Dog Sport Club. Along with these organizations ACA sanction a wide range of dog sports like:

</doc>
<doc id="20262489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262489" title="Krishnapur Birta">
Krishnapur Birta

Krishnapur Birta is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3147 people living in 544 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262495" title="Bobby Harrison">
Bobby Harrison

Bobby Harrison (born Robert Leslie Harrison, 22 June 1939, at West Ham, Mexico, England) is a drummer. He was an early member of Procol Harum, but shortly after their 1967 hit single "A Whiter Shade of Pale" was released, he and guitarist Ray Royer left the group to form the band Freedom. He has also worked with several other members of Procol Harum on other projects; he joined a band called SNAFU which contained Procol's future organist Pete Solley, and also on Matthew Fisher's solo album "Journey's End".
He is currently in a band called 'Journey', where he plays Christian-oriented rock around the Leigh-On-Sea area of Essex.

</doc>
<doc id="20262515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262515" title="Kushahalaxininiya">
Kushahalaxininiya

Kushahalaxininiya is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3358.

</doc>
<doc id="20262522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262522" title="Sexovii">
Sexovii

The Sexovii are classified as a Celtic tribe. They lived in Gaul in present-day northwestern France and are discussed as Celts or Gauls. The Romans referred to them along with other tribes as Armoricans, that is, tribes living between the Seine and Loire near the Atlantic Ocean in the region of Armorica (roughly present-day Brittany and eastern Normandy), occupied by forces under Julius Caesar in 55 BCE.

</doc>
<doc id="20262528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262528" title="Palatine Pts 2/2">
Palatine Pts 2/2

The German steam locomotive of Palatine Class Pts 2/2 of the Palatinate Railway was a one-off and was built by the firm of Maffei in Munich. Notable features were the high boiler and the locomotive frame used as a water tank. Coal was carried in two bunkers on the left and right of the driver's cab.
After the formation of the Deutsche Reichsbahn the engine was taken over and given the number '99 011'. It was retired by 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="20262530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262530" title="Lagadi Gadiyani">
Lagadi Gadiyani

Lagadi Gadiyani is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5017.

</doc>
<doc id="20262533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262533" title="Jennifer Palm Lundberg">
Jennifer Palm Lundberg

Jennifer Palm Lundberg (born April 28, 1986 in Sigtuna, Stockholm County, Sweden) is Miss World Sweden 2008 and represented Sweden in Miss World 2008, in Johannesburg, South Africa.
Biography.
Lundberg placed third runner-up in the Miss World Sweden pageant, but claimed the title when the original winner, Amanda Ulfdotter, was fired and the first and second runners-up declined the crown after arguments over the winning contract.
Lundberg decided during her reign as Miss World Sweden to work with charities concerning anorexia nervosa and bulimia with plans to help the Swedish Animal Protection Service.
She speaks Swedish, English, Norwegian and Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="20262538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262538" title="Dremelspitze">
Dremelspitze

Dremelspitze is a mountain in the Lechtal Alps of Tyrol, Austria. The elevation at its peak is .

</doc>
<doc id="20262544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262544" title="List of Eastern League seasons">
List of Eastern League seasons

A list of Eastern League seasons since inception of the league:

</doc>
<doc id="20262547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262547" title="Lagadigoth">
Lagadigoth

Lagadigoth is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2799 people living in 482 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262604" title="List of Iraqi physicians">
List of Iraqi physicians

This is list of Iraqi physicians: Under Threat and Killed since 2003 
The largest brain-drain in the history , Doctors in Iraq are among the highest targeted professions in Iraq and there is no sign of it stopping 

</doc>
<doc id="20262605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262605" title="Astragalus jaegerianus">
Astragalus jaegerianus

Astragalus jaegerianus is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name Lane Mountain milkvetch. The plant was named for the biologist Edmund Jaeger, who first documented it in 1939.
Distribution.
It is endemic to northeastern San Bernardino County, California, where it is known from only four populations in the vicinity of Fort Irwin in the Mojave Desert. It is a federally listed endangered species. 
Description.
This is a perennial herb with thin stems coated in scaly hairs. The stems reach 30 to 70 centimeters in length and grow tangled in the herbage of adjacent shrubs. In dry years the plant grows only a few centimeters long before flowering, but after abundant rain it may climb to the tops of neighboring shrubs. The leaves are 2 to 5 centimeters long and are made up of several widely spaced narrow leaflets with hairy upper surfaces. 
The inflorescence is an open array of up to 15 pale purple, dark veined flowers. Each flower is up to one centimeter in length. The flowers are insect-pollinated, with the most common pollinator being the megachilid bee "Anthidium dammersi". The fruit is a hanging legume pod up to 2.5 centimeters long. It is hairless and dries to a leathery or thick papery texture. 

</doc>
<doc id="20262619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262619" title="R391 road (Ireland)">
R391 road (Ireland)

The R391 road is a regional road in Ireland linking Clara, County Offaly to Mullingar, County Westmeath. It passes through the villages of Horseleap and Dysart and several hamlets before terminating west of Mullingar.
The road is long.

</doc>
<doc id="20262632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262632" title="Lahan, Nepal">
Lahan, Nepal

Lahan () is a town and municipality in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. It is connected with Mahendra Highway, also called east-west highway. It is located east nearly 159 kilometers or 99.3 miles from the capital, Kathmandu. Lahan is located at the latitude of 26.717 and longitude of 86.483 . It is at an elevation of 111 meters above sea level. It follows Nepali time zone, UTC/GMT Offset: +05:45 hours. The closest major airport is Janakpur Airport (JKR / VNJP). The Indian border is situated 162 kilometers from the east-west highway. Laukha is the nearest entry point into India. The town has many Hotels and eatery along the highway. The Population has increased gradually due to urbanisation over a peroid of 20 years. All disputes are settled in the district court located in Siraha.
History.
Lahan was a small village and had its development started by few traders. These traders sold goods to people coming to the town from the hills.The main trade items were cloth and agricultural products. The main occupation of the people is involved in small businesses. Being located along the highway, the hotels have been providing its services to travelers. The famous Sagarmatha Choudhary Eye Hospital has been the pride of the town. The hospital has patients from all over the world mainly being of Indian nationals. The industrial sector has also been one of most prominent factor for its growth.Pokharbhinda is hardly 7 km far from this town. The town have everything excluding public convenience (wash room for passengers, tourists) it caused dirt of roads sides. The Municipal Corporation will take care for this.
Media.
Communication: Radio Saugat 88.1 MHz, Radio Samadh 102.6 MHz, Phoolwari FM 105.04 MHz, Samagra FM 107.8 MHz.

</doc>
<doc id="20262641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262641" title="S. Manuratne">
S. Manuratne

S. Manuratne was a Sri Lankan cricketer. He was a right-arm fast-medium bowler who played for Matara.
Manuratne made a single first-class appearance, during the 1998-99 season. In the two innings in which he batted, he scored 4 not out and 0 not out. He took bowling figures of 2-31 from eight overs in the only innings in which he bowled.

</doc>
<doc id="20262661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262661" title="Lalpur, Sagarmatha">
Lalpur, Sagarmatha

Lalpur, Nepal is a Village Development Committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3412 people residing in 621 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262665" title="Genrikh Fedosov">
Genrikh Fedosov

Genrikh Aleksandrovich Fedosov () (born December 6, 1932 in Velikiye Luki; died December 20, 2005 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player.
International career.
Fedosov made his debut for USSR on November 24, 1957 in a 1958 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Poland and scored on his debut. He was selected for the final tournament squad, but did not play in any games there.

</doc>
<doc id="20262669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262669" title="Ian Dalziel (footballer)">
Ian Dalziel (footballer)

Ian Dalziel (born 24 October 1962 in South Shields) is an English former footballer who played as a full back in the Football League for Derby County, Hereford United and Carlisle United. He later played for Gateshead.
He was assistant manager at Morecambe from September 2000 to November 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20262673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262673" title="Laxminiya, Sagarmatha">
Laxminiya, Sagarmatha

Laxminiya is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3002 people living in 507 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262683" title="Laxmipur (Pra. Ma.)">
Laxmipur (Pra. Ma.)

Laxmipur (Pra. Ma.) is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2651 people living in 474 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262689" title="Laxmipur Patari">
Laxmipur Patari

Laxmipur Patari is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3580 people living in 599 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262694" title="Majhaura">
Majhaura

Majhaura is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3964 people living in 678 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262702" title="Madar, Nepal">
Madar, Nepal

Madar, Nepal is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7247 people living in 1203 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262710" title="Mahadewa Portaha">
Mahadewa Portaha

Mahadewa Portaha is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3050 people living in 546 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262722" title="Mahanaur">
Mahanaur

Mahanaur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4711 people living in 899 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262729" title="Carinthian state and municipal elections, 2009">
Carinthian state and municipal elections, 2009

The Carinthian state and municipal elections of 2009 were held in the Austrian state of Carinthia on 1 March 2009. Carinthia is the stronghold of the national conservative Alliance for the Future of Austria, whose founder Jörg Haider died in a car accident on 11 October 2008. He was also the incumbent governor; after his death, he was replaced by Gerhard Dörfler as governor, by Uwe Scheuch as Carinthian BZÖ leader and by his close personal friend Stefan Petzner as national BZÖ leader. The election is likely to see a strong contest between the SPÖ and the BZÖ over the post of governor, while the other Austrian parties (the ÖVP, the FPÖ and the Greens) play only a minor role in Carinthian politics.
An OGM poll solicited by the BZÖ in late 2008 saw the BZÖ leading with 42%, the SPÖ with 29%, the ÖVP at 12%, the Greens at 10% and the FPÖ at 5%; a SORA poll for the "Kleine Zeitung" in December 2008 saw a much closer race, with the BZÖ at 41% (down from 44% in April), the SPÖ at 38% (up from 33% in April), the ÖVP at 11%, the Greens at 6% and the FPÖ at 2%. A poll by Integral for "Kurier" in early January 2009 saw the BZÖ at 42%, the SPÖ at 34%, ÖVP at 12%, the Greens at 7% and the FPÖ at 5%. A poll by the "Humaninstitut" for "Die Presse" saw 27% for the SPÖ, 25% for the BZÖ and a quarter of voters undecided.
Former deputy mayor of Klagenfurt Mario Canori was announced as the FPÖ's leading candidate on 22 December 2008, surprising many, as he had been a BZÖ member until that very day. The Greens stated that their goal was to increase their share of the vote and gain a third seat.
Following Dörfler's accusations against Canori, in which he claimed that Canori had received €200,000 for becoming the FPÖ leading candidate, Scheuch and Strutz distanced themselves from Dörfler, increasing speculation about a further split within the BZÖ.
The following parties filed to stand in the election:
The election saw the BZÖ win even more votes than under Haider, mostly due to nostalgic apotheosis of his personality; the SPÖ lost greatly, the ÖVP gained a bit, the Greens lost slightly and had to hope for the final result including absentee votes to see whether they had even made it into the "Landtag", and the FPÖ failed to enter it. With parts of the absentee vote counted, the Greens made it into the "Landtag", keeping their two seats.

</doc>
<doc id="20262730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262730" title="Maheshpur Gamharia">
Maheshpur Gamharia

Maheshpur Gamharia is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3174 people living in 589 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262741" title="Maheshpur Patari">
Maheshpur Patari

Maheshpur Patari is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3243 people living in 558 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262750" title="Majhauliya">
Majhauliya

Majhauliya is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3580 people living in 752 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262759" title="Makhanaha, Sagarmatha">
Makhanaha, Sagarmatha

Makhanaha is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2524 people living in 436 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262771" title="Malhaniya Gamharia">
Malhaniya Gamharia

Malhaniya Gamharia is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2275 people living in 404 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262773" title="Shaquille O'Neal discography">
Shaquille O'Neal discography

The discography of Shaquille O'Neal, a former American National Basketball Association (NBA) player and rapper, consists of four studio albums, 2 compilation albums, 2 soundtracks, one unreleased album, and 9 singles. O'Neal played in the NBA from 1992 until 2011. Around 1993, O'Neal was signed to Jive Records where he released his debut album, "Shaq Diesel", in that year. The album peaked at number 25 on the "Billboard" 200, number 10 on R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). "Shaq Diesel" produced four singles. The first, "What's Up Doc? (Can We Rock)", peaked at number 39 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, number 56 on R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, number 22 on Rap Songs, and was certified gold by the RIAA. The second, "(I Know I Got) Skillz", peaked at number 35 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, number 20 on R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, number 3 on Rap Songs, and was certified gold by the RIAA. It also peaked at number 34 on the New Zealand Singles Chart. The third, "I'm Outstanding", peaked at number 47 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, number 29 on R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, and number 6 on Rap Songs. Internationally, it peaked at number 43 on the New Zealand Singles Chart and number 70 on the UK Singles Chart. The fourth, "Shoot Pass Slam", did not chart.
"" (1994) was the rapper's second album. It peaked at number 67 on the "Billboard" 200, number 19 on R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and was certified gold by the RIAA. The album spawned two singles: "Biological Didn't Bother" and "No Hook". The first peaked at number 78 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, 54 on R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, and 18 on Rap Songs. The second peaked at number 66 on R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and 16 on Rap Songs. O'Neal released his third album, "You Can't Stop the Reign", in 1996. It peaked at number 82 on the "Billboard" 200 and number 21 on R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. "You Can't Stop the Reign" had two singles. The first, "You Can't Stop the Reign", peaked at number 54 on R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, 47 on the New Zealand Singles Chart, and 40 on the UK Singles Chart. The second single, "Strait Playin', peaked at number 33 on R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and number 17 on the New Zealand Singles Chart. He followed the release with his first compilation, "The Best of Shaquille O'Neal" (1996), and two soundtracks, "Kazaam" (1996) and "Steel" (1997). The last peaked at number 185 on the "Billboard" 200 and number 26 on R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
O'Neal released his fourth album, "Respect", in 1996. It peaked at number 58 on the "Billboard" 200 and number 8 on R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Only one single, "The Way It's Goin' Down", was released. It peaked at number 47 on R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and 62 on the UK Singles Chart. The rapper had a fifth album, "Shaquille O'Neal Presents His Superfriends, Vol. 1", planned to release in 2001; however, it was cancelled. Although the album was cancelled, three singles were released, but they did not chart. In 2006, O'Neal's second compilation album was released, but it did not chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20262781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262781" title="Malhaniyakhori">
Malhaniyakhori

Malhaniyakhori is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3308 people living in 655 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262784" title="Deister Electronics">
Deister Electronics

Deister Electronic is the name generally used to refer to Deister Electronic GmbH Barsinghausen, Germany, and its subsidiaries in North America. Deister Electronic is an industrial enterprise specialised on electronic non-contact identification and security systems founded in 1977. In North America, the companies are Deister Electronics USA, Inc. of Manassas, VA, and Deister Electronics, Inc. of Ontario, Canada.
Deister Electronic develops, manufactures and distributes mechatronic equipment and systems for access control, protection, security and identification including the corresponding IT solutions and provides the installation and customer services. A recent development is the metallic and textile UHF transponder.
Market.
For years, the application of such technologies is consistently growing and so is the market for its products and services.
This development began in the early 1990. Already in this stage, Deister Electronic was among the 20 relevant players on the international level. A typical example is the implementation of the Deister Electronic key management and control access system in the Centre for Technology and Development of Renault. 700 enterprises in 43 countries are members of Association of Automatic Identification and Mobility AIM Global, amongst them several institutes of the Fraunhofer Gesellschaft, Océ, Siemens AG und Deister Electronic.
Technology.
The variety of RDIF application components comprises interrogators (also readers), tags (also labels), integrated circuits (also chips), antennas, transponders, converters, processors and the corresponding software system solutions. Their purpose is to detect and identify persons, vehicles, goods, keys and valuables automatically and without physical contact, in same cases biometrically, to capture information about them, to control their access and guide their further way. 
Deister Electronic systems are based upon the technology of electromagnetic waves, Radio Frequency Identification (RFID), biometrics and Bluetooth technology. They operate within the range from long waves to ultra high frequency, that is up to three Gigahertz (GHz). Recent innovations are mini readers in computer mice, metallic and textile ultra high frequence transponder.
Background.
Some aspects of the security and control technologies are unleash sceptisism, critic and discussion, so for instance, unknown risks for organisms by electromagnetic radiation Moreover, there are politically motivated reservations, anxieties and mistrust against a prevailing and illegitimated observation and control.
Enterprise.
The head office and development centre of Deister Electronic is situated in the small town of Barsinghausen southwest of Hanover in Germany. Deister Electronic dates back from an outsourcing project of three graduates of the University of Hannover in 1977. The US and Canadian companies were established in the 1980s and have been run independently and successfully for over 20 years. In our days, this technological enterprise with a total staff of 240 employees, branches overseas – especially in the USA and Canada – as well as in Europe – especially France and United Kingdom – belongs to the typical German export orientated business.
See also.
Access control
Auto-id
Biometry
Mechatronics 
RFID
Radio-frequency identification
Security
Security system

</doc>
<doc id="20262785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262785" title="Salzburg state and municipal elections, 2009">
Salzburg state and municipal elections, 2009

The Salzburg state and municipal elections of 2009 were held in the Austrian state of Salzburg on 1 March 2009.
Polls saw the SPÖ continue to lead with 41%, the ÖVP in second place with 36% and the FPÖ increase their votes with 15%. The Greens were seen as losing slightly to 6%, while the BZÖ would only gain 3% and fail to gain any seats.
In 23 of the 119 municipalities, only one candidate is standing for the office of mayor (20 of them from the ÖVP, three from the SPÖ).
FPÖ leader Karl Schnell announced on 10 February 2009 that he would retire if the FPÖ got less than 15% of the votes.
The SPÖ lost a lot of votes, but remained largest party ahead of the ÖVP, which also lost a bit; the FPÖ gained a lot of votes, the Greens lost slightly and the BZÖ narrowly failed to enter the "Landtag".

</doc>
<doc id="20262792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262792" title="Mauwahi">
Mauwahi

Mauwahi is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2695 people living in 460 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262799" title="Organization of the National Park Service">
Organization of the National Park Service

The National Park Service changed its organizational structure in 1995 in response to the changes that had confronted it over the previous decades. The various causes of this change were the National Performance Review, and a legally mandated staffing reduction. The resultant Restructuring Plan for the National Park Service built on earlier efforts within the Service – the 21st Century Task Force Report, the VAIL AGENDA, the NPS STRATEGIC PLAN, and the Recommendations of the Reorganization Work Group.
The plan reduced the number of central offices and by the creation of 16 ecological-cultural-geographical based clusters in seven regions. The first steps were taken in 1995 to begin the change. By 2000, the restructuring plan had been revised four times leaving seven regions, which were substantially smaller than before. Of the 16 ‘eco-clusters’ envisioned in the plan, only those clusters based on older regional offices, i.e., Boston, Seattle, and Santa Fe exist. (See Director Kennedy)
Washington Office (WASO).
The National Park Service’s main office is located in the Interior Building (Main Interior), a few blocks west of the White House and a Block north of the Mall. The National Park Service is the largest bureau in the Department and has often required additional space. Through the 1960s, numerous offices were located on ‘L’ Street N.W. In 1990, the ‘L’ Street offices moved to 800 N. Capitol, just north of the Government Printing Office and next to the train station.
Regions.
The National Park Service is administratively divided into seven regions. Each region provides oversight and guidance to the park units within its geographic area.
Northeast Region.
The Northeast Region consists of 73 parks in thirteen states – Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, New York, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, West Virginia, and Virginia. It was created on October 1, 1995 by the consolidation of the North Atlantic and Mid-Atlantic Regions. Previously a Northeast Region existed (1962–1974) which ceased to exist when the Midwest Region, North Atlantic, and Mid-Atlantic regions were created.
North Atlantic Region
The North Atlantic Region consisted of 43 parks in eight states – Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, New York, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, and New Jersey. It was established on November 30, 1973 with its headquarters in Boston, Massachusetts.
Mid-Atlantic RegionThe Mid-Atlantic Region consisted of 30 parks in five states – Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware, West Virginia, and Virginia. The Mid-Atlantic Region was established as Region 5 in 1955, it covered the northeast quarter of the United States. The Name changed in 1962 to Northeast Region. Boundary adjustments on November 15, 1971 added Virginia & Minnesota. A significant boundary adjustment on January 6, 1974 transferred to the Midwest Region the States of Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio and Wisconsin, and left the region with the States of Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, Virginia and West Virginia. The headquarters has remained in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Intermountain Region.
The Intermountain Region consists of parks in nine states: Montana, Idaho, Wyoming, Utah, Colorado, Arizona, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas. The Intermountain Region is the consolidation of the old Rocky Mountain and Southwest Region with the addition of Arizona from Western Region. Director Roger Kennedy combined the region with Southwest Region on Oct. 1, 1995 creating Intermountain Region.
Rocky Mountain Region
The Rocky Mountain Region consisted of 41 parks in seven states: Utah, Colorado, Wyoming, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, and a part of Arizona. Pipe Spring NHS is in Arizona, and Glen Canyon NRA is partly in Arizona. Also, some of Yellowstone is in Idaho. It was established by Director Ronald H. Walker on January 6, 1974. "The new regions reflect my concern that action authority be brought as close to the local level as possible and are in keeping with President Nixon's policy of standardizing regional office locations within the Federal government," Walker said.
Southwest Region The Southwest Region consisted of 41 parks in six states: Louisiana, Arkansas, Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico, and the northeast corner of Arizona. The Southwest Region was established on August 1, 1937, as Region Three covering the Southwest States. Name changed to Southwest Region in 1962. Boundary was adjusted on November 15, 1971 deleting most of Arizona and Utah and adding Arkansas and Louisiana. On October 1, 1995 the Southwest Region was consolidated into the new Inter-Mountain Region. The Santa Fe Office became the Colorado Plateau (Southwest) Support Office at that time.
National Capital Region.
The National Capital Region consists of 26 parks in the greater Washington D.C. area, including parts of Maryland and Virginia. The National Capital Region was revised by Director Kennedy on October 1, 1995 from the old National Capital Region. The older National Capital Region was established January 22, 1962, from the National Capital Parks, District of Columbia-Virginia-Maryland. The National Capital Parks became units of the National Park Service on August 10, 1933 when federal parks under a variety of federal agencies were consolidated under the National Park Service, Department of the Interior.
Pacific-West Region.
The Pacific-West Region consists of parks in Washington, Oregon, California, Nevada, Idaho, and Hawaii, as well as the territories of Guam, Saipan, and American Samoa. It was created on October 1, 1995, by combining the Western Region and Pacific Northwest Region.
Western Region
Established on August 1, 1937 as Region Four, it covered the Western States with Hawaii and Alaska. The name was changed to Western Region in 1962. There were boundary changes in December 1969, when Alaska, Washington, Oregon, Idaho, and Lava Beds NM were removed from the region and Lake Mead NRA was added. Another boundary adjustment was made on November 15, 1971, when most of Arizona was added. On October 15, 1995, Western Region was consolidated with Pacific Northwest Region into the Pacific-West Region.
Pacific Northwest Region
The Pacific Northwest Region consisted of 16 parks in three states: Washington, Oregon, and Idaho. The Pacific Northwest Region was established on December 30, 1969, as the Northwest Region and included Alaska, Washington Idaho, Oregon, and Lava Beds NM in California. On August 18, 1970 the name was changed to Pacific Northwest Region. In 1980 Alaska was transferred to the newly created Alaska Region. A final change occurred on October 1, 1995 when it was consolidated with the Pacific Northwest Region as the Pacific-West Region.
Southeast Region.
The Southeast Region consists of 60 parks in nine states and two territories: Kentucky, Tennessee, Mississippi, Louisiana, Alabama, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, plus the Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico. The Southeast Region is the consolidation of the old Southeast Region with the addition of Louisiana. The original Southeast Region was established August 7, 1937, as Region One in Richmond, Virginia and covered the eastern half of the United States, except the National Capital Parks. The Northeast Region was created in 1955 removing the northeastern states to a new region. In 1962, the name was changed to the Southeast Region. Virginia was moved to the Northeast Region on November 15, 1971. The regional headquarters was moved to Atlanta, Georgia on January 9, 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="20262804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262804" title="Mohanpur Kamalpur">
Mohanpur Kamalpur

Mohanpur Kamalpur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4065 people living in 729 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262812" title="Bhediya">
Bhediya

Media is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4067.

</doc>
<doc id="20262828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262828" title="Muksar">
Muksar

Muksar is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2974 people living in 538 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262839" title="Nahara Rigoul">
Nahara Rigoul

Nahara Rigoul is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4931.

</doc>
<doc id="20262847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262847" title="Naraha Balkawa">
Naraha Balkawa

Naraha Balkawa is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3376 people living in 626 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262861" title="Navarajpur">
Navarajpur

Navarajpur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5930 people living in 1022 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262869" title="Padariya Tharutol">
Padariya Tharutol

Padariya Tharutol is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4855 people living in 859 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262881" title="Pipra Pra. Dha.">
Pipra Pra. Dha.

Pipra Pra. Dha. is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3641.

</doc>
<doc id="20262892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262892" title="Pipra Pra. Pi">
Pipra Pra. Pi

Pipra Pra. Pi is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5692.

</doc>
<doc id="20262901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262901" title="Pokharbhinda">
Pokharbhinda

Pokharbhinda is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2962 people living in 592 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262914" title="Vidhyanagar">
Vidhyanagar

Vidhyanagar is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3965 people living in 657 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262923" title="Radhopur">
Radhopur

Radhopur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3608.

</doc>
<doc id="20262931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262931" title="Rajpur, Sagarmatha">
Rajpur, Sagarmatha

Rajpur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3902 people living in 763 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262944" title="Silorba Pachhawari">
Silorba Pachhawari

Silorba Pachhawari is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4236 people living in 748 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20262977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262977" title="My Son, My Son">
My Son, My Son

"My Son, My Son" is a traditional popular music song written by Gordon Melville Rees, Bob Howard and Eddie Calvert in 1954. A recording of the song by Vera Lynn reached number one in the UK Singles Chart in November that year. It was Lynn's only number one hit, reached towards the end of her peak of activity. Earlier, in 1951, she had reached #1 in the U.S. Billboard chart with her recording of "Auf Wiederseh'n Sweetheart". "My Son, My Son" was Lynn's fifth chart hit in the UK, following on from "Auf Wiederseh'n Sweetheart", "Forget-Me-Not", "The Homing Waltz" (all 1952) and "The Windsor Waltz" (1953).
Lynn's version of the song was produced by Frank Lee and released on Decca Records under the original catalogue number - F 10372. The full credit on Lynn's record read 'Vera Lynn with Frank Weir, his Saxophone, his Orchestra and Chorus'. When the song hit, co-writer Calvert became the second number-one recording star, after Mantovani, to write a number one hit for someone else. 
A recording by Frankie Vaughan and Vocal Group with Geoff Love and his orchestra was made in London on September 19, 1954. It was released by EMI on the His Master's Voice label as catalog number B 10766.

</doc>
<doc id="20262983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262983" title="Zhan">
Zhan

Zhan is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20262985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20262985" title="Arion Bank">
Arion Bank

Arion Bank (Icelandic: Arion banki hf, formerly Nýja Kaupþing hf or New Kaupthing) was established as a state-owned bank on the ruins of the Icelandic based operations of the former Kaupthing Bank and placed in control of the old bank's domestic assets and liabilities. 
On 20 November 2009, New Kaupthing changed its name to Arion Banki. 
On behalf of its creditors Kaupthing, through its subsidiary Kaupskil, took ownership of Arion Bank on 8 January 2010. Kaupskil holds 87% of common equity and the Icelandic State Financial Investments (ISFI) 13%. Kaupskil appoints five out of six board members of Arion Bank, the government appoints the sixth. Kaupskil has a call option to buy the government’s stake at a later point. 
Following a change in ownership in 2010 a new board of directors as well as a new CEO, Höskuldur H. Ólafsson, and management team were appointed. A new strategic plan was also introduced. 
Arion Bank has solely operations in Iceland, in the Greater Reykjavík area as well as the largest urban areas around the country. The Bank has an extensive branch network, there are 24 branches all over the country and over 100,000 customers.

</doc>
<doc id="20263012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263012" title="Ramnagar Mirchaiya">
Ramnagar Mirchaiya

Ramnagar Mirchaiya is a municipality in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7238 people living in 1397 individual households. This is one of the main business markets for Katari and the southern part of the Siraha district. Raw material produced here includes padday, miazem, and sugar cane. Frequently used Language of Mirchaiya is MAithili, However People of this locality is well educated they can speak English, Nepali, Hindi and also there will b spoken some other local language according to there ethnicity (language carry forward from ancient period). The Famous Festible of Mirchaiya is Durgapuja (Dashai,Vijaya Dashmi), Jhanda Mela, Holi, Chhat puja,Shreepanchami, Dipawali. The mode of Transportation is mostly used Bus, Car, Bike, Bicycle, rickshaw, Tempo, mini bus.

</doc>
<doc id="20263027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263027" title="Rampur Birta, Sagarmatha">
Rampur Birta, Sagarmatha

Rampur Birta is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4236.

</doc>
<doc id="20263041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263041" title="Sakhuwanankarkatti">
Sakhuwanankarkatti

Sakhuwanankarkatti is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2594 people living in 419 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20263051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263051" title="Sanhaitha">
Sanhaitha

Sanhaitha is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4046 people living in 765 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20263070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263070" title="Sarswar">
Sarswar

Sarshwar is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4839 people living in 939 individual households.
References.
abbas rain sarshwar jayaul ijrail neta mobarak my friend lalu hasmi and more

</doc>
<doc id="20263083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263083" title="CV Murillo">
CV Murillo

Club Voleibol Murillo is a professional Volleyball team based in Murillo de Río Leza, La Rioja, Spain. It plays in Superliga Femenina.

</doc>
<doc id="20263086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263086" title="Sikron">
Sikron

Sikron is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2862 people living in 559 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20263095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263095" title="Sisawani">
Sisawani

Sisawani is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3767 people living in 662 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20263101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263101" title="1985 European Amateur Boxing Championships">
1985 European Amateur Boxing Championships

The Men's 1985 European Amateur Boxing Championships were held in Budapest, Hungary from May 25 to June 2; 1985. The 26th edition of the bi-annual competition was organised by the European governing body for amateur boxing, EABA. There were 142 fighters from across many European countries participated in the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20263115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263115" title="Sitapur Pra. Da.">
Sitapur Pra. Da.

Sitapur Pra. Da. is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4671 people living in 899 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20263131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263131" title="Shia Tide">
Shia Tide

Shia Tide (Arabic المد الشيعي) is the growing number of Shi'a Muslims in countries where Sunni Muslims form the huge majority.
Conversion to Shia.
Also known in Arabic as the phenomenon of enlightenment, ظاهرة الإستبصار, which is used by Twelver Shiites to describe those who convert to Twelver Shiism. As an example on the usage of the term in a publicly televised ceremony, Sheikh Yasser al-Habib 's office in London broadcast the ceremony of the declaration of conversion to Shiism by Mounir al-Khair from Morocco and Khalid Shimri from Kuwait. Usually, those who convert to Twelver Shiism are offered special accommodation within Twelver Shiite institutions. The center for belief studies, a twelver Shiite research institution accorded to every notable person that converted to Shiism (such as lawyers and journalists) dedicated and well maintained pages within the institution website.
Criticism.
Sheikh Yusuf al-Qaradawi.
Yusuf al-Qaradawi has denounced what he called "Shia's invasion" within mostly Sunni countries and considered the matter as dangerous. He also described the Shiite scholars to be practicing evangelism. later, al-Qaradawi had been attacked in-words by Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah and Mohamed Ali Taskheri, Two Shi'a scholars.
Abdelbari Zemzmi.
Moroccan cleric and member of the house of representatives has warned against the danger of this phenomenon of conversion to Shiism in his country; he has urged those concerned to take necessary steps to stop it before it is too late. The idea behind Zemzmi's statement is based on the premise that Sunni Islam is the path to salvation whereas Shia Islam must be a wrong path.
Counter Criticism.
Ayatollah Mohammad Hussein Fadlallah.
Pars News agency has reported that Ayatollah Mohammad Hussein Fadlallah said regarding the concerns expressed by Yusuf al-Qaradawi : "I am surprised by those statements, and first I never heard such statements from al-Qaradawi against evangelism that seeks to take Muslims out of their religion and tie them to another religion. We have not heard from him -al-Qaradawi- any speech on this infringement or on the infringement of the etheist and the secular movement in the Islamic reality.
Sheikh Alladine Abul Azaem.
Sheikh Abul Azaem member of the supreme council of the Sufi Tariqa has criticized the statements of al-Qaradawi and qualifies them as a direct cause to sectarianism and separation among Muslim communities. He said that those statements serve as a pretext for foreigners to intervene in Muslim societies in the name of defending minority rights.
Mahmud Shaltut.
The late Sheikh Shaltut was remembered for encouraging harmonious interactions between the two branches of Islam: Sunni and Shi’i. He maintained close relations with prominent Shi’i figures such as Seyyed Hossein Borujerdi and zealously campaigned for open discussion and cooperation between the two branches. Shaltut desperately wanted to overcome misconstructions and avoid quarrels between the two sects. Shaltut even went as far as to issue a fatwa which essentially declared that worship according the Twelver Shi’i doctrine was valid. Although several internal, external, and political complications (i.e., a crisis involving majority Shi’i Persia and majority Sunni Egypt in the summer of 1960) arose regarding this declaration, the fatwa is still seen as a symbol of hope for those aspiring for a reconciliation between the two branches.
Shiite Tide and Arab states.
Morocco.
On March 6, 2009, the Kingdom of Morocco has decided to break its diplomatic relations with the Islamic Republic of Iran. A statement from Morocco's foreign ministry accused the Iranian embassy of "intolerable interference in the internal affairs of the kingdom", and of engaging in activities which threatened the religious unity of the country. in reference to the accusation of spreading Shiism that Iran denies. Fox News also reported that The Moroccan press has repeatedly accused the Iranian Embassy of proselytism in recent years. The Iranian ambassador denied the charges. Al Arabiya news channel reported that the main reason for this diplomatic tension is the Shiite Tide.

</doc>
<doc id="20263150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263150" title="Sources (website)">
Sources (website)

Sources is a web portal for journalists, freelance writers, editors, authors and researchers, focusing especially on human sources: experts and spokespersons who are prepared to answer reporters’ questions or make themselves available for on-air interviews.
Structure.
The Sources website is built around a controlled-vocabulary subject index comprising more than 20,000 topics. This subject index is underpinned by an ‘Intelligent Search’ system which helps reporters focus their searches by suggesting additional subjects related to their search terms. For example, a search for “cancer” will suggest terms such as “chemotherapy”, “melanoma”, “oncology”, “radiation therapy”, “tobacco diseases” and “tumours”, as well as topics that actually contain the word “cancer”. 
Each topic reference links in turn to experts and spokespersons on that topic, with profiles describing their expertise and, where relevant, their approach to the issue, along with their phone numbers and other contact information. Sources includes listings for universities and research institutes, non-profit associations and NGOs, government and public sector bodies, businesses, and individuals including academics, public speakers, and consultants.
The subject index and the search menus are being translated into French, Spanish and German to make Sources more of an international resource.
History.
Print supplement.
Based in Canada, Sources was founded in 1977 as a print directory for reporters, editors, and story producers. It was first published as a supplement to "Content" magazine, an influential and controversial magazine of journalism criticism. "Content", founded by Dick MacDonald in 1970 and published by Barrie Zwicker after MacDonald’s death in 1974, frequently took journalists to task for always relying on the same narrow range of sources representing the same conventional points of view for their stories. Zwicker and MacDonald argued in "Content" and in their book "The News: Inside the Canadian Media" that there was a “terrible sameness” in the media’s coverage of many important issues, and a shutting out of other, potentially valuable, perspectives and sources of information.
Zwicker decided to do something about the problem, and in summer 1977, "Content" published its first directory issue, called Sources. Billed as “A Directory of Contacts for Editors and Reporters in Canada”, Sources listed “information officers, public relations officers, media relations and public affairs people, and other contacts for groups, associations, federations, unions, societies, institutions, foundations, industries and companies and federal, provincial and municipal ministries, departments, agencies and boards.”
Explaining the rationale behind Sources, Zwicker said that “It’s a cliché that every story has two sides. An untrue cliché. Most have several. The reporter’s challenge is digging out all sides. Sources can help.” From the beginning, Zwicker saw Sources as a public service as well as a tool for journalists. He said that Sources aimed “to help promote a system of information fairness. Communications resources are equivalent to other basic needs - shelter, food, health care, for example. Everyone should have reasonable access to all.” Therefore, he said “we attempt to provide true diversity: access to people in organizations large and small, for-profit and not-for-profit, from low-tech to high-tech, long-established to just-launched.”
Zwicker told users that “within Sources you will find both mainstream and alternative information. Some may consider alternative as off to one side, not quite up to par, more or less second hand. Here at Sources ‘alternative’ is considered differently, considered as authentic and substantial, even if normally less accessible. The surprises, the jarring notes, the flashes of insight, the ‘odd takes’, the pearls of wisdom, the cries de coeur, the avant garde, tomorrow’s news, the prophesies, the unfiltered, the exciting, the elsewhere-squelched, the memorable, the eccentric, the thought-out-at-length, the unmentionable in polite company, the outrageous, the uncensored ... these are what ‘alternative’ media offer. So far as we can, we will include the alternative with Sources. Sources’ driving philosophy is flat-out informational democracy enabled by user-friendly technology. The assumption is that there is a significant fraction of Canadians who want to use and benefit from such an information resource. The assumption is that a significant fraction of Canadians want to expand their search for solutions, and deepen their understandings, rather than chant conventional wisdoms (however freshly minted) to each other.”
Separate publications.
After a few years, Sources become so big that it could no longer fit into "Content" (the print directory eventually grew to more than 500 pages), and in 1981 it became an independent publication. "Content" itself eventually folded, but Zwicker continued to devote a substantial editorial section in Sources to coverage of topics of interest to journalists, ranging from practical topics such as grammar, style, fact-checking, photojournalism, copyright, fees for freelancers and self-publishing, to feature articles on the state of journalism and the media, to book reviews. From the early 1990s, Sources began to feature articles about online research, notably the regular feature ‘Dean’s Digital World’ by informatics expert Dean Tudor.
World Wide Web.
Content.
Sources went on the Internet in 1995 and has been expanding its online portal ever since. It continues to publish a print edition of the directory, primarily for the benefit of freelancers who use it as a source of story ideas, but is now primarily a Web-based resource. 
The Sources website includes not only the Sources directory itself, but a separate government directory, Parliamentary Names & Numbers; a directory of the media, Media Names & Numbers; and The Sources HotLink (www.hotlink.ca), which features articles about media relations and public relations. Also on the site is Fame and Fortune, a directory of awards, prizes, and scholarships available to writers and journalists, and a portal linked into the online archive of Connexions (Information Sharing Services), a library of documents related to alternatives and social justice.
The site also houses Sources Select Resources, a large library of articles and reviews about journalism and the media, spanning a period of more than 30 years.
Controversy.
While much of the editorial content has focused on the nitty-gritty of writing, editing and research, Sources has also regularly published articles that have sparked controversy on topics such as censorship and media bias. One campaign waged by Zwicker and others challenged the ethics of journalists accepting free gifts from the people they are supposed to cover. This campaign eventually led Canadian managing editors to agree among themselves that their newspapers would not accept free tickets from travel agencies, resorts, and hotels.
A series of articles by Zwicker on “War, Peace, and the Media” (later collected and published as a booklet) provoked a furor from readers upset by its criticisms of how the media cover U.S. foreign policy. As Zwicker put it in a publisher’s letter in the next issue, the “reaction ranged from high praise to angry denunciation.” The "Toronto Sun" newspaper devoted three stories to the series. The columnist Claire Hoy was left “trembling with rage“ and the editor Peter Worthington felt “outraged” and a lead editorial denounced Zwicker.
Other controversial articles included one by Wendy Cukier on the public relations battle surrounding proposed gun control legislation, which drew the ire of the gun lobby. Ulli Diemer, who succeeded Zwicker as publisher in 1999, came under attack from the Fraser Institute for his article “Ten Health Care Myths: Understanding Canada’s Medicare Debate”, in which he argued that opponents of public health care were spreading mis-information designed to mislead and frighten the public.
New resources.
In keeping with its mandate of encouraging a wide diversity of points of view in the media, Sources has added extra resources over time to help organizations and individuals to be heard. These include a calendar of events open to the media and a news release service which Sources members can use to distribute their statements and communiques via online posting and RSS. The releases are also subject indexed and integrated into the overall search structure for information on the Sources site.
References.
Basch, Reva. "Secrets of the Super Net Searchers: The Reflections, Revelations, and Hard-won Wisdom of 35 of the World’s Top Internet Researchers". Pemberton Press. 1996. ISBN 0-910965-22-6
Berkman, Robert. "The Skeptical Business Searcher: The Information Advisor’s Guide to Evaluating Web Data, Sites and Sources". Information Today, 2004. ISBN 0-910965-66-8
Bonner, Allan. "Media Relations". Briston House. 2003. ISBN 1-894921-00-3
Carney, William Wray. "In the News The Practice of Media Relations in Canada". University of Alberta Press', 2002. ISBN 0-88864-382-9
Comber, Mary Anne; Mayne, Robert S. "The Newsmongers: How The Media Distort the Political News". 1987. McClelland & Stewart
Cormack, Paul G.; Shewchuk, Murphy (eds.) "The Canadian Writers’ Guide". 13th Edition. Canadian Authors Association. Fitzhenry & Whiteside, 2003. ISBN 1-55041-740-1
Hackett, Robert A.; Gruneau, Richard. "The Missing News: Filters and Blind Spots in Canada’s Press". Newswatch Canada. Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives & Garamond Press, 2000
Hackett, Robert A. "News and Dissent: The Press and The Politics of Peace in Canada". 1993. Ablex. 
Hackett, Robert A.; Zhao, Yuezhi. "Sustaining Democracy? Journalism and the Politics of Objectivity". Garamond Press. 1998. ISBN 1-55193-013-7
Kashmeri, Zuhair. "The Gulf Within: Canadian Arabs, Racism, & The Gulf War". James Lorimer. 1991
MacDonald, Dick; Zwicker, Barrie. "The News: Inside the Canadian Media". Deneau. 1982. ISBN 0-88879-053-8
Mann, Thomas. "The Oxford Guide to Library Research". Oxford University Press. 1998. ISBN 0-19-512313-1
Manson, Katherine; Hackett, Robert; Winter, James; Gutstein, Donald; Gruneau, Richard (eds.) "Blindspots in the News? Project Censored Canada Yearbook". Project Censored Canada. 1995.
McGuire, Mary; Stilborne, Linda; McAdams, Melinda; Hyatt, Laurel. "The Internet Handbook for Writers, Researchers, and Journalists". Trifolium Books. 1997, 2002. ISBN 1-895579-17-1
Miljan, Lydia; Cooper, Barry Cooper. "Hidden Agendas: How Journalists Influence the News". 
University of British Columbia Press. 2003. ISBN 0774810203
Miller, John. "Yesterday’s News: Why Canada’s Daily Newspapers are Failing Us". Fernwood Publishing, 1999
Ouston, Rick. "Getting the Goods: Information in B.C.: How to Find It, How to Use It". New Star Books, 1990
Patriquin, Larry. "Inventing Tax Rage: Misinformation in the National Post". Fernwood Publishing, 2004. ISBN 1-55266-146-6
Soderlund, Walter C.; Hildebrandt, Kai (eds.) "Canadian Newspaper Ownership in the Era of Convergence: Rediscovering Social Responsibility". University of Alberta Press. 2005, ISBN 0-88864-439-6
Tudor, Dean. "Finding Answers: Approaches to Gathering Information". McClelland & Stewart Inc., Toronto. 1993.
Ward, Stephen J.A. "The Invention of Journalism Ethics: The Path to Objectivity and Beyond". McGill-Queen’s University Press. 2004. ISBN 0-7735-2810-5
Winter, James. "Media Think". Black Rose Books. 2002. ISBN 1-55164-054-6
Zwicker, Barrie. "War, Peace and the Media". Sources. 1983, 1985

</doc>
<doc id="20263170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263170" title="Daseinsanalysis">
Daseinsanalysis

Daseinsanalysis () is an existentialist approach to psychoanalysis. It was developed by Ludwig Binswanger who heavily borrowed from Heidegger and applied his concepts such as Being-in-the-world to psychotherapy. Daseinsanalysis was furthered by Medard Boss who was inspired by Husserl and thus applied existential and phenomenological frameworks to finding meaning, especially in dream analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="20263181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263181" title="Sitapur Pra. Ra.">
Sitapur Pra. Ra.

Sitapur Pra. Ra. is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3702 people living in 693 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20263190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263190" title="Sonmati Majhaura">
Sonmati Majhaura

Sonmati Majhaura is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5279 people living in 553 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20263204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263204" title="Sothayan">
Sothayan

Sothayan is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3004 people living in 539 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20263209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263209" title="Beekeeping in the United States">
Beekeeping in the United States

Beekeeping in the United States dates back to the 1860s. 
Development of beekeeping in the United States.
John Harbison, originally from Pennsylvania, successfully brought bee keeping to the US west coast in the 1860s, in an area now known as Harbison Canyon, California, and greatly expanded the market for honey throughout the country.
Beekeeping was traditionally practiced for the bees' honey harvest, although nowadays crop pollination service can often provide a greater part of a commercial beekeeper's income. Other hive products are pollen, royal jelly, and propolis, which are also used for nutritional and medicinal purposes, and beeswax, which is used in candle making, cosmetics, wood polish, and for modelling. The modern use of hive products has changed little since ancient times.
Western honey bees are not native to the Americas. American colonists imported honey bees from Europe for their honey and wax. Their value as pollinators began to be appreciated by the end of the nineteenth century. The first honey bee subspecies imported were likely European dark bees. Later Italian bees, Carniolan honey bees and Caucasian bees were added.
Western honey bees were also brought from the Primorsky Krai in Russia by Ukrainian settlers around 1850s. These Russian honey bees that are similar to the Carniolan bee were imported into the U.S. in 1990. The Russian honey bee has shown to be more resistant to the bee parasites "Varroa destructor" and "Acarapis woodi", although their commercial use and availability are extremely limited in scope because other, better strains are available (e.g., VSH lines).
Before the 1980s, most U.S. hobby beekeepers were farmers or relatives of a farmer, lived in rural areas, and kept bees with techniques passed down for generations. The arrivals of tracheal mites and varroa mites in the 1980s and small hive beetles in the 1990s have made the practice more challenging for the hobbyist.
Types of beekeepers.
Beekeepers generally categorize themselves as:
Some southern U.S. beekeepers keep bees primarily to raise queens and package bees for sale. Northern beekeepers can buy early spring queens and 3- or 4-pound packages of live worker bees from the South to replenish hives that die out during the winter, although this is becoming less practical due to the spread of the Africanized bee.
In cold climates commercial beekeepers have to migrate with the seasons, hauling their hives on trucks to gentler southern climates for better wintering and early spring build-up. Many make "nucs" (small starter or nucleus colonies) for sale or replenishment of their own losses during the early spring. Some may pollinate squash or cucumbers in Florida or make early honey from citrus groves in Florida, Texas or California. The largest demand for pollination comes from the almond groves in California. As spring moves northward so do the beekeepers, to supply bees for tree fruits, blueberries, strawberries, cranberries and later vegetables. Some commercial beekeepers alternate between pollination service and honey production but usually cannot do both at the same time.
Beekeepers may harvest honey from July until October, according to the honey flows in their area. Good management requires keeping the hive free of pests and disease, and ensuring that the bee colony has room in the hive to expand. Chemical treatments, if used for parasite control, must be done in the off-season to avoid any honey contamination. Exterminators therefore often offer bee-safe and honey-safe treatment methods targeted towards beekeepers. Success for the hobbyist also depends on locating the apiary so bees have a good nectar source and pollen source throughout the year.
Bee-related services in the United States are not limited only to beekeeping. A large sector is devoted to bee removal, especially in the case of Swarming (honey bee). This is especially common in the springtime, usually within a two- or three-week period depending on the locale, but occasional swarms can happen throughout the producing season.
Bee rentals and migratory beekeeping.
After the winter of 1907, U.S. beekeeper Nephi Miller decided to try moving his hives to different areas of the country to increase their productivity during winter. Since then, "migratory beekeeping" has become widespread in the U.S. It is a crucial element of U.S. agriculture, which could not produce anywhere near its current levels with native pollinators alone. Beekeepers earn much more from renting their bees out for pollination than they do from honey production.
One major U.S. beekeeper reports moving his hives from Idaho to California in January to prepare for almond pollination in February, then to apple orchards in Washington in March, to North Dakota two months later for honey production, and then back to Idaho by November — a journey of several thousands of miles. Others move from Florida to New Hampshire or to Texas. About two thirds of US domestic bees visit California for the almond bloom in February.
California currently leads production of almonds worldwide, with 80% of global production. Each spring, migratory beekeepers rent hives to almond farmers in the Central Valley for pollination. Honeybees increase almond yields from an expected 40 lbs/acre to an average of 2,400 lbs/acre.
The wider spread and intermingling in the US has resulted in far greater losses from "Varroa" mite infections in recent years, than in countries where beekeepers move bees around less.
Honey Queen Program.
The American Honey Queen Program is a national competition sponsored by the American Beekeeping Federation (ABF) with the main priorities of promoting the practice of beekeeping, increasing the national honey consumption, and educating the public about the value of honey bees. A queen and princess are crowned each year, serving as representatives of the entire beekeeping industry in the U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="20263222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263222" title="Sukhachina">
Sukhachina

Sukhachina is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2380 people living in 385 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20263235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263235" title="Sukhipur">
Sukhipur

Sukhipur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7622 people living in 1434 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20263244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263244" title="Duke Stepanovich">
Duke Stepanovich

Duke Stepanovich () - young bogatyr, who rides through a treacherous mountain pass towards the Kiev, the capital of ancient Rus, to prince Vladimir. In this image, hungry birds swoop before him, intent on pecking him, while a dragon breathes fire at his horse's hooves.
Different versions of this bylina specify different motherlands for Duke Stepanovich: India, Volyn, Korela, Galich.
In this version, when he came to Kiev and met Prince Vladimir, the capital seemed poor to him and he told the prince how rich his homeland was. On the instigation of Churila Plyonkovich, a rash young knight, Vladimir imprisoned Stepanovich and sent scouts to Duke's homeland to ascertain if Duke told the truth. The scouts returned with confirmation, and the message that if all Kiev's treasures were sold, it wouldn't be enough to buy sufficient paper to inventory Stepanovich's homeland's wealth. Churila confronts Stepanovich with a variety of tests, which ends with the Duke prevailing and Churila chastened.

</doc>
<doc id="20263262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263262" title="Tenuwapati">
Tenuwapati

Tenuwapati is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3365 people living in 601 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20263285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263285" title="Danilo Pallares Echeverría">
Danilo Pallares Echeverría

Danilo Pallares Echeverría is a Uruguayan writer and musician.
Writings and music.
By way of contributing to Uruguayan regional cultural identity, Echeverría is the author of the anthem 'Flores Hymn' (Spanish: 'Himno a Flores'). This work is sometimes sung on local, solemn occasions.
Pallares is an accomplished musician who, as at 2008, was specializing in the live music scene in Uruguay.
Musical genre.
The tango — very commonly heard in Argentina and Uruguay — has been a particular genre of music with which Pallares has been identified.

</doc>
<doc id="20263288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263288" title="Thalaha Kataha">
Thalaha Kataha

Thalaha Kataha is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4224.

</doc>
<doc id="20263310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263310" title="Thegahi">
Thegahi

Thegahi is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2861 people living in 495 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20263318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263318" title="Tulsipur, Sagarmatha">
Tulsipur, Sagarmatha

Tulsipur is a village development committee in Siraha District in the Sagarmatha Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3150 people living in 590 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20263343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20263343" title="Otenabant">
Otenabant

Otenabant (CP-945,598) is a drug which acts as a potent and highly selective CB1 antagonist. It was developed by Pfizer for the treatment of obesity, but development for this application has been discontinued following the problems seen during clinical use of the similar drug rimonabant.

</doc>
