<doc id="20417060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417060" title="Protests against Proposition 8 supporters">
Protests against Proposition 8 supporters

Protests against Proposition 8 supporters in California took place starting in November 2008. These included prominent protests against the Roman Catholic church and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), which collaboratively campaigned in favor of California's Proposition 8 through volunteer and financial support for the measure. The proposition was a voter referendum that amended the state constitution to recognize marriage only as being between one man and one woman, thus banning same-sex marriage, which was legal in the state following a May 2008 California Supreme Court case.
The ballot.
Proposition 8 added "Only marriage between a man and a woman is valid or recognized in California" to the California Constitution. Proposition 8 was the most expensive proposition in United States history and sharply divided social conservatives and social liberals, as part of the ongoing American culture wars. The ballot initiative was approved by a majority (52%) of voters. Immediately same-sex marriages were halted and the legal status of the 18,000 same-sex couples was thrown into question. Supporters of the proposition included a coalition of religious and social conservatives that felt the court ruling had redefined marriage.
Those opposed to Proposition 8 argued that same-sex couples deserved the same public recognition and marriage rights that other couples are afforded, and that equality could not be achieved without state recognition in the form of marriage. On November 19, the California Supreme Court accepted three lawsuits challenging Proposition 8 but denied the requests to stay its enforcement.
Candlelight vigils and pickets.
As a result of the proposition's passage, there were a number of organized as well as autonomous protests directed against supporters of the proposition including marches, actions, vigils, boycotts and vandalism. The actions brought awareness to marriage rights issues for LGBT people and the role of tax-exempt churches in this political campaign. There has also been renewed debate in LGBT communities whether boycotting companies or organizations is an appropriate and effective response toward the proposition's supporters.
Many anti-Proposition 8 protests, particularly those targeting the support of specific groups that supported Proposition 8, took the form of pickets or candlelight vigils. A candlelight vigil by about 600 mothers of LGBT children was held at the main temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS) in Salt Lake City, Utah, shortly following the passage of Proposition 8.
Boycotts.
Following the passage of the proposition, opponents obtained donation lists of those who had supported the ballot measure by contributing to the "Yes on 8" campaign, published the list, organized an activism group, and began calling for boycotts of the supporters' places of work.
Claims of religious bigotry.
Some public figures, writers, media commentators, and individuals have expressed concern over the actions and the implications of targeting supporters of the proposition. Supporters of the measure, such as Kathryn Lopez, editor of the "National Review Online", and Jonah Goldberg, a "Los Angeles Times" columnist, have referred to some of the backlash as religious bigotry, especially since many of those targeted are members of the LDS Church. Gregg Araki, an independent filmmaker who is gay, Jeff McDonald and John Marelius of the "San Diego Union-Tribune", and others have articulated arguments depicting this characterization as misleading and provided possible justification of such actions.
Various individuals and groups have decried these actions by those opposed to Proposition 8:
Death threats and vandalism.
Before the vote, Alan Autry (the mayor of Fresno) received an email containing death threats against both himself and Cornerstone Church Pastor Jim Franklin. This caused police to assign the pastor officers for his protection and motivated the mayor to obtain a bodyguard. According to Fresno's Police Chief Jerry Dyer, the email "did state as to why that threat was made and it was stemming from prop 8." Both Autry and Franklin were prominent Proposition 8 supporters. As of August 12, 2009, no arrests have been made.
In the ten days following the November 4 election, seven houses of worship in Utah and ten buildings of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS) in the Sacramento area were targets of vandalism, such as graffiti and meeting house glass doors shattered. According to the LDS spokesperson for the Sacramento area, the vandalism that they experienced in the ten days after the election was more than they usually get in an entire year. A copy of the Book of Mormon, an LDS religious text, was found burning at the front of a meetinghouse. The FBI investigated these events to determine whether a violation of civil rights had occurred.
An affiliate group of the radical trans/queer organization Bash Back! claims credit for pouring glue into the locks of an LDS meetinghouse and spray painting its walls. A Web posting signed by Bash Back!’s Olympia chapter said, “The Mormon church (just like most churches) is a cesspool of filth. It is a breeding ground for oppression of all sorts and needs to be confronted, attacked, subverted and destroyed.”
According to the Chicago Tribune, the acts of vandalism against the LDS meetinghouse appear to be in retaliation for support of Proposition 8.
The Anti-Defamation League released a statement condemning the "defacement and destruction of property."
Anthrax hoax.
In November 2008, the United States Postal Service delivered envelopes containing white powder to two LDS temples (one in Los Angeles and one in Salt Lake City) and to the Knights of Columbus's national headquarters in New Haven, Connecticut, prompting a hazardous materials response and a federal domestic terrorism investigation. The envelope to the Catholic men's organization (the Knights of Columbus) had a postmark from California. Both organizations were heavy backers of Proposition 8. The FBI has determined the substances were not biological agents, and FBI spokesman Special Agent Juan Becerra stated, "We've got to follow the evidence, and at this point we have not received anything that would lead us to believe the opponents of Prop. 8 are behind any kind of terroristic activity. It would be irresponsible to say that at this point." (Anthrax toxin was used in the 2001 anthrax attacks against lawmakers and media members, killing five people. Since then, the FBI has investigated more than 1,000 anthrax hoaxes modeled on the mailings, which usually turn out to be harmless.)
The LDS Church and many newspapers blamed opponents of the marriage ban for sending the hoax mailings, while a group that also supported the measure condemned "acts of domestic terrorism against our supporters." LGBT rights groups, such as Equality Utah and Equality California, have spoken out against the use of violence in protests, and note that the source of the "white powder" mailings has not been determined.

</doc>
<doc id="20417071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417071" title="Leopold Cafe">
Leopold Cafe

The Leopold Cafe is a large and popular restaurant and bar on Colaba Causeway, in the Colaba area of Mumbai, India, located across from the Colabia Police station. 
It was one of the first sites attacked during the November 2008 Mumbai attacks. The cafe was also mentioned extensively in the novel "Shantaram".
History.
Founded in 1871 by Iranis, it first started out as a wholesale oil store and over the years has variously been a restaurant, store and pharmacy. 
November 2008 terror attacks.
The cafe was an early site of gunfire and grenade explosions during the 2008 Mumbai attacks by terrorists. The restaurant was extensively damaged during the attacks. Gunmen sprayed the restaurant with bullets and there were blood stains on the floor and shoes left by fleeing customers.
Sourav Mishra, a "Reuters" reporter and one of the first media witnesses of the attack, suffered severe bullet injuries.
The cafe reopened four days after the attack, but was reclosed by the police as a safety measure after two hours because of the unexpected size of crowds gathering there. 

</doc>
<doc id="20417134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417134" title="Unigo">
Unigo

Unigo is a free online college resource guide and student platform claiming to cover more than 1,600 colleges and universities in the United States. The Unigo website is used by college students to share photos, videos, documents, and reviews of their school. High school students and parents use the site as a research tool to explore college options. Unigo's main purpose is to create a student-generated online college guide that does not have the limitations that its print counterparts do. This allows college students to update information about their school on a continuous basis and cover topics not found in traditional guidebooks. Student-submitted photos and videos allow users to see what Carnegie Mellon's newspaper, "The Tartan," described as "a virtual campus visit."
History.
Unigo was backed by angel investor Jay Seid of EG Equities, and founded by Jordan Goldman, an education entrepreneur who previously created the best-selling “Students’ Guide to Colleges” series of college guidebooks (which was published in five annual editions from Penguin Books.) 
Unigo launched as a college review platform and hit 1.35 million pageviews in its first week, quickly amassing hundreds of thousands of student-written college reviews. US News & World Report called Unigo “one of the top 10 college websites”, The New York Times said its reviews were “vivid in a way no guidebook can match,” and AlwaysOn named it “One of the 100 Private Companies with the Biggest Impact on the Public Sector."
As Unigo’s content grew, it began providing college information to many mainstream media properties. Unigo provides all college reviews for US News & World Report's annual college rankings. Every year, Unigo partners with USA Today to create the USA Today / Unigo College Guide, a print title distributed to bookstores nationwide. Through a strategic partnership with The Wall Street Journal, Unigo and WSJ created a new brand - WSJ On Campus - producing original high-quality journalism about college admissions and college life. Unigo publishes a weekly college advice column which runs every Friday in USA Today, US News & World Report, The Huffington Post, and 13 additional national outlets. Finally, in partnership with McGraw Hill, Unigo helped create an original curriculum on college and career readiness taught in high schools throughout America. As a result of this exposure and its own growing community, Unigo receives more than 1 million unique visitors every month. 
In 2011, Unigo built and incorporated a college admissions expert network (following the Gerson Lehrman model.) 
As a result, families can choose from, schedule, and have live video sessions with more than 1,000 college admissions experts, more than 1,000 financial aid experts ($100/hr), and more than 15,000 current college students ($30/hr) entirely through the Unigo platform. According to the Chronicle of Higher Education, "Have a face-to-face talk with a college counselor while sitting in living room... Unigo meets an important need." Unigo is the only website offering one-on-one video sessions with college counselors and current college students. 
In 2012, Unigo announced a business line selling blocks of college counseling sessions directly to high schools and school districts. Unigo has also announced its intentions to scale its content and expert network to cover graduate schools by 2013.
Founder.
Unigo’s founder and CEO, Jordan Goldman, has been named "One of the Top 30 Young Entrepreneurs in America" by Inc. Magazine, "One of the Top 100 Young Entrepreneurs in America" by the White House, and "One of the 100 Most Influential People in New York Business and Technology" by Silicon Alley Insider.
Management, Investors and Advisors.
Robert Clauser serves as Unigo’s COO. Previously, Clauser was a Partner in Accenture’s Media Practice, as well as the Chief Financial Officer for WNET. 
Moshiur Tarafdar serves as Unigo’s CTO. Previously, Tarafdar was the AVP of Technology for The Princeton Review.
Unigo’s investors include Jay Seid of EG Equities, Torry Berntsen of Virtu Financial, and McGraw-Hill Education. 
Unigo’s Advisory Board includes Bob Chase (former President, National Education Association), Tom Rogers (CEO of Tivo, former President of NBC), Adam Seifer (co-founder of Sixdegrees.com and Fotolog.com), Don Ross (Chief Revenue Officer of Bankrate.com), and Scott Schiller (EVP Digital Media Sales at NBCU Entertainment.).

</doc>
<doc id="20417141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417141" title="Castro Camera">
Castro Camera

Castro Camera was a camera store in the Castro District of San Francisco, California, operated by Harvey Milk from 1972 until his assassination in 1978. During the 1970s the store became the center of the neighborhood's growing gay community, as well as campaign headquarters for Milk's various campaigns for elected office.
History.
Milk, an avid amateur photographer, was disappointed over a developer ruining a roll of film. With his then-partner, Scott Smith, Milk opened the store in 1972, using the last $1,000 of their savings. The store soon became a focus of the growing influx of young gay people, who were coming from across the US to the Castro, where their sexual orientation was accepted.
Beyond selling cameras and film, Milk turned the store into a social center, and a refuge for new arrivals. He also made it an official polling station for San Francisco elections. Because he was so well known for his civic involvement promoting gay businesses and gay consumers, Milk soon became known unofficially as the "Mayor of Castro Street". Daniel Nicoletta, the photographer best known for chronicling Milk and his times, first met Milk as a patron of the store, then later worked there as a store assistant and campaign worker. Another customer, Anne Kronenberg, who later became Milk's campaign manager, also met Milk at the store, and described her first impression of him as a "raving maniac". Other members of Milk's inner circle such as Cleve Jones and his speechwriter Frank Robinson met, befriended, and worked with Milk at the store.
Post-1978.
Artifacts from Castro Camera, including Milk's barber chair, a collection of antique cameras that was displayed at the store and the front panel of the awning bearing the name of the shop, are preserved in the holdings of the GLBT Historical Society, a museum, archives and research center in San Francisco. The society displayed the camera collection in an exhibition it devoted to Milk in 2003, "Saint Harvey: The Life and Afterlife of a Modern Gay Martyr." In addition, the art director for "Milk" consulted the collection when creating props for the Castro Camera set.

</doc>
<doc id="20417148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417148" title="Flag of Berlin">
Flag of Berlin

The flag of Berlin has three stripes of red-white-red, the two outer stripes each occupying a fifth of its height, the middle the remaining three fifths. It is defaced with a bear in the case of the civil flag, and the coat of arms of Berlin on the state flag.
The civil flag of West Berlin was adopted on 26 May 1954. Designed by Ottfried Neubecker, it came in second in the contest of 1952, the winner being rejected by the Senate. The emblem of the bear is apparently a pun on the city's name ("Bär" meaning "Bear"), and there have been suggestions that it is a "little bear" ("Bärlein" bearing a resemblance to Berlin). The bear is placed slightly to the left. It became the flag of the whole city after the reunification of Germany in 1990.
The state flag replaces the bear with the full coat of arms, with escutcheon. Being the state flag for West Berlin, it similarly became the flag for unified Berlin in 1990. Previously to that, it had also been a naval ensign on the basis that neither German one could be used. It is in the proportion 3:5.
Historical flags.
Between 1618 and 1861 a bicolour of black over white, opposite to that of Siena, was used as both a civil and state flag, under successive Brandenburg then Prussian rule.
Between 1861 and 1912, a horizontal tricolour of black, red and white was used in the proportion 2:3. It was designed by Ernst Fidicin based in the Brandenburg colors following the coronation of Wilhelm I on 19 December 1861.
Between 1913 and 1954, the civil flag was similar to the current one, except the design of the bear was different. Until 1935, the emblem itself was not fixed.
After 1955, the West Berlin flag was that adopted for the whole of Berlin after 1990; East Berlin had the addition of two white stripes taking the outside halves of the upper and lower red stripes, and a slightly different design for the bear inside an escutcheon, topped with a crown. The East Berlin flag was therefore a slightly modified version of the old state flag, with the civil flag being eschewed in East Berlin -- and conversely, adopted as official in West Berlin -- due to the bear in the civil flag being off-center to the left and facing left, which strongly suggested an orientation to the West.

</doc>
<doc id="20417164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417164" title="Alexandru Hâjdeu">
Alexandru Hâjdeu

Alexandru Hâjdeu ("Алекса́ндр Фадде́евич Хижде́у", 30 November 1811 – 9 November 1872) was a writer of Romanian origin, who lived in Bessarabia (Russian Empire). He was the father of Romanian writer and philologist Bogdan Petriceicu Hasdeu. 
Alexandru Hâjdeu was one of the founding members of the Romanian Academy. 

</doc>
<doc id="20417182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417182" title="The World in Winter">
The World in Winter

The World in Winter (US title The Long Winter) is a 1962 post-apocalyptic science fiction novel by John Christopher. It deals with a new ice age caused by a reduction in the output of the Sun.
Plot summary.
The story involves a new ice age hitting Europe, British refugees fleeing to Nigeria, and what a later group find when they return.
As the story opens, Andrew Leedon, a London-based television documentary producer, is given a new story to research: an Italian scientist, Fratellini, has proposed an imminent fall in solar radiation for the forthcoming few years which may lead to harsher winters. Leedon meets with David Cartwell, a Home Office civil servant and useful source, to see if he can find out more. Cartwell quickly becomes a close friend of Leedon, but also begins an affair with Leedon's wife, Carol.
The winter of that year is, as predicted, long and harsh, but by January is it becoming clear to insiders that the solar downturn is worse than Fratellini had calculated and no upturn is in sight. By March, food stocks are becoming dangerously low, rationing has been imposed and the Government imposes martial law. Those in the know, including Andrew's estranged wife, sell up and move south to the tropics and countries such as Nigeria. Leedon stays behind, as inner London is finally cordoned off from the rest of the UK to protect the seat of power – an area called the London Pale – as the rest of the country is abandoned to starvation and barbarism. 
Finally Leedon is persuaded both by Carol and by David Cartwell to exit the country while safe passage is still possible. Taking with him Cartwell's wife Madeleine, he moves to Lagos in Nigeria, finding that the tables have now turned – white refugees fleeing from the ice-bound northern countries are living in slums, unemployed or with only menial jobs, and penniless, as African governments have withdrawn recognition of currencies such as Sterling and no longer recognize the British Government, with reason, as it no longer exercises sovereignty over its own land.
A ray of hope arrives for Leedon as Abonitu, a young Nigerian whom Leedon had treated with kindness and generosity one evening in London, finds him and in turn helps him and Madeleine out of the slum. Abonitu plans a reconnaissance expedition back to Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="20417218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417218" title="Vincențiu Babeș">
Vincențiu Babeș

Vincențiu Babeș also known in (, Hodoni village, Satchinez Commune, Timiș County - 21 January 1821 - 22 January 1907, Budapest) was an ethnic Romanian lawyer, teacher, journalist and politician from the Banat, settled in Vienna, where he married Sophia Goldschneider in 1851. 
He was one of the founding members of the Romanian Academy. He was the father of Victor Babeș.

</doc>
<doc id="20417220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417220" title="Marshall Brant">
Marshall Brant

Marshall Lee Brant (born September 17, 1955 in Garberville, California) was a Major League Baseball player. Brant played for the New York Yankees in and the Oakland Athletics in . In eight career games, he had two hits, two RBIs and a .100 AVG. He batted and threw right-handed.
He was drafted by the New York Mets in the 4th round of the 1975 amateur draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20417256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417256" title="James F. Williams">
James F. Williams

James F. Williams II is an African-American librarian, the Dean of Libraries at the University of Colorado at Boulder.
He holds a bachelor's degree in sociology from Morehouse College (1966) and a master's degree in library science from Atlanta University. His wife, Nancy Allen, is also a librarian, the Dean of Libraries at the University of Denver.
Since January 2003 he has been a member of the editorial board of the journal "". He is on the board of directors of the Association of Research Libraries and chairs the ARL's Strategic Direction Steering Committee on Influencing Public Policies for 2010–2013. He is also on the boards of visitors for the School of Information Sciences at the University of Pittsburgh and for the libraries at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a member of the Libraries' National Council of Washington University in St. Louis, and a trustee of the Denver Art Museum.
In 2002, Williams won the Melvil Dewey Medal of the American Library Association for his "distinguished service to the profession of librarianship".

</doc>
<doc id="20417263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417263" title="Ioan D. Caragiani">
Ioan D. Caragiani

Ioan D. Caragiani (February 11, 1841, Avdella, Greece - January 13, 1921, Iaşi, Romania) was a Romanian folklorist and translator. He was one of the founding members of the Romanian Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20417275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417275" title="Brigitte Oelke">
Brigitte Oelke

Brigitte Oelke (b. 25 May, St. Gallen) is a Swiss singer, actress, dancer and musical performer.
Vita.
Brigitte Oelke’s affection for music started very early in her life. Her mother was the leader of the children's choir at the St. Gallen Stadttheater, in which Brigitte took part herself.
Furthermore she learnt to play multiple instruments (piano, accordion, guitar and the recorder) but nevertheless, singing was her greatest passion.
A friend of the family, Prof. Kurt Pahlen contributed to Brigitte’s high-class musical education.
During her education as commercial clerk she gained experience as a front woman, for instance in her first band "Sterling oder Nightgambler" with which she toured Switzerland.
After completing her education at the age of 19 she spent a year as an au pair in Los Angeles where she received an education in singing, Jazz and Stepdance. Back in Europe she also received private tutoring in singing and acting in St. Gallen, Vienna and Bregenz before she entered the "Stage School of Music, Dance and Drama" in Hamburg, leaving it as a graduate actress.
Work.
1997 she worked with Roman Polanski and Jim Steinman at the world premiere of Tanz der Vampire (Dance of the Vampires) in Vienna as a member of the ensemble and alternate „Rebecca“.
In 1998 she played Nellie in director Dietrich Hilsdorf’s German premiere of Jekyll & Hyde.
November 2000 she won the contest to be one of three candidates to sing the Swiss contribution to the German preliminaries for the European Song Contest 2001– together with Leslie Bogaert and Joy Fleming she performed the song „Power of Trust“ making second place.
From December 2004 to October 2006 she got the chance to work in the German production of We will rock you alongside with her teenage idols Brian May and Roger Taylor, playing the role of „Killer Queen“. In December 2006 she moved to Zurich, Switzerland with the production of WWRY and on January 24, 2008 she conquered the third German speaking country–Vienna, Austria.
Brigitte currently continues her trail of success as "Killer Queen" at the Apollo Theater in Stuttgart, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20417278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417278" title="DC Streetcar">
DC Streetcar

The DC Streetcar is a surface light rail and streetcar network under construction in Washington, D.C. The streetcars will be the first to run in the District of Columbia since the dismantling of the previous streetcar system in 1962. The District of Columbia began laying track in 2009 for two lines whose locations in Anacostia and Benning were chosen to revitalize blighted commercial corridors. Initially, the system will be funded and owned by the District of Columbia Department of Transportation (DDOT), and a third party will be chosen to operate it.
The D.C. government owns three Czech-built Inekon streetcars (destined for the Anacostia Line) that will serve the system; as of December 2009, they are in storage at Metro's Greenbelt Rail Yard. Each car is wide and long, and each train consists of three car connected sections.
Development.
Between 1862 and 1962, streetcars in Washington, D.C., were a common mode of transportation, but the system was dismantled in the early 1960s as part of a switch to bus service.
In the late 1990s, Metro began considering a series of rapid bus, light rail, and streetcar projects throughout the Washington, D.C., metropolitan region as a means of providing intra-city and intra-regional mass transit and to meet the transit needs of the quickly growing population of the area. The first project was proposed for Alexandria, Virginia, in 1999. In January 2002, District of Columbia officials began studying the economic feasibility and costs of constructing a long system of streetcars throughout the city. The project received Metro's backing. DDOT studied the feasibility of both a city-wide system and one or more "starter" lines. D.C. City Council Member David Catania specifically requested that DDOT study adding streetcars in the Anacostia neighborhood.
DDOT issued a favorable report, and the D.C. City Council approved an expenditure of $310 million for the streetcar project in September 2002. The first line to be built would be a "starter" streetcar line in Anacostia. The goal of the project was to bring light rail to Anacostia first (rather than last, as had happened with Metrorail), and to provide a speedier, more cost-effective way to link the neighborhood with the rest of the city.
Initially, the line was planned to run along the abandoned CSX railway tracks (known as the Shepherd Industrial Spur) from the Minnesota Avenue Metro station to the Anacostia Metro station, then cross the 11th Street Bridges before connecting with the Navy Yard – Ballpark and Waterfront Metro stations. DDOT originally planned to purchase diesel multiple unit cars (self-propelled rail cars powered by diesel engines) from Colorado Railcar. The cars would be the first of their kind to be built in the United States and approved by the Federal Railroad Administration.
Financing for the plan proved problematic. The same month that the D.C. government agreed to co-fund the streetcar project, Metro formally changed its strategic plan and proposed spending $12 billion over 10 years on rapid bus, light rail, and streetcar projects throughout the D.C. area. Metro proposed allocating half the total amount to build the D.C. streetcar line, complete the Silver Line, build a streetcar line on Columbia Pike in Arlington County in Virginia, and build a Purple Line light rail link between Bethesda and New Carrollton in Maryland. However, state and local governments said they were unable to fund Metro's proposal, and the planned projects died.
The District of Columbia subsequently decided to build the initial components of the DC Streetcar system on its own. The Anacostia line was scaled back to a demonstration project just in length with only four stations: Bolling Air Force Base, the Anacostia Metro station, the intersection of Martin Luther King, Jr. Avenue SE and Good Hope Road SE, and the Minnesota Avenue Metro station. DDOT began an environmental assessment of the CSX tracks in July 2003. In September 2004, Metro agreed to move ahead with the project (whose $45 million cost was now being funded completely by the District of Columbia), with construction to start in November 2004 and end in 2006.
In December 2009, D.C. City Council member Jim Graham proposed establishing a D.C. Transit Board to oversee the DC Circulator bus system as well as the DC Streetcar system. The board would oversee the establishment of routes and transit fares. In order to determine whether the local business community would support the streetcar project, several local real estate and commercial developers visited the Metropolitan Area Express (MAX) light rail system which operates in the Portland, Oregon, metropolitan area. The goal of the trip was to investigate whether MAX had the intended positive economic consequences and whether the return on investment seemed worthwhile. Local media reports indicated that the D.C. developers were impressed by the effect MAX had on Portland's economic development.
Local preservationist groups such as the Committee of 100 on the Federal City as well as regional planning bodies like the National Capital Planning Commission (NCPC) have opposed the current design of the streetcar system, which relies on overhead electrical wires and a pantograph to conduct power to the streetcar motor. Opponents of the design cite an 1889 federal law banning such systems in Georgetown and the historic center city (defined by the Florida Avenue NE and NW south to the Potomac and Anacostia rivers. The NCPC has also opposed use of the wires along H Street NE, the 11th Street bridges, and in Anacostia. These groups have proposed a design change that would rely on wireless technologies, such as battery-powered vehicles which rely on conduit current collection (in which a metal arm or "plow" is inserted into a channel in the street and draws power from cables under the roadway). But District of Columbia officials say the current overhead lines are not visually obtrusive, and that conduit collection systems are costly and break down easily in cities with wet climates.
City transportation planning officials have also proposed building a system that would run on wires outside the historic core but switch to a hybrid battery/conduit system inside the area. On May 31, 2010, 12 of the council's 13 members co-sponsored a bill to exempt the H Street Line from the 1888 and 1889 laws that banned overhead electrication in the city's historic core. The legislation required that the mayor's office develop a citywide plan by 2014 to determine where additional overhead electrification could be permitted. The Committee of 100 supported the planning requirement, and the legislation passed the council on June 29, 2010.
But in late June 2010, the chair of the National Capital Planning Commission, L. Preston Bryant Jr., sent a letter to the Federal Transit Administration demanding that $25 million in federal money intended for the streetcar project be withheld until the NCPC and city reached agreement regarding the overhead electrication issue. The NCPC said they had legal advice which indicated that only Congress had the power to rescind the 1888 and 1889 laws. City council members, who had been negotiating with the NCPC, said the NCPC's action was a sign of bad faith in the talks. DDOT Director Gabe Klein said the NCPC was "blackmailing" city leaders, and that the NCPC was overstepping its boundary as a purely advisory body. Klein asked Bryant to rescind his letter, arguing that Bryant had purposefully misstated the city's plans for overhead electrification (claiming it would install overhead wires on the National Mall and near Congress) and asserting that the H Street Line was not covered by the 1888 and 1889 laws. Klein also cited two previous legal opinions which concluded the city had the power to rescind the 1800s legislation. On July 13, 2010, the D.C. Council passed legislation to allow the overhead wires along Benning Road and H Street NE. The legislation specifically banned the wires around the National Mall and along Pennsylvania Avenue between Capitol Hill and the White House, and established a process for seeking public and other input on whether wires should be used elsewhere in the city.
Funding for the DC Streetcar system became an issue in 2010. D.C. Mayor Adrian Fenty proposed spending $60 million to $70 million in his fiscal 2011 budget to complete the H Street Line and purchase six trams, with a goal of activating the line in the spring of 2012. Funding for other lines would be withheld until the city was assured that the H Street Line was a success. Fenty also released the results of a study commissioned by the Downtown DC Business Improvement District (BID) and researched by the Brookings Institution, Robert Charles Lesser & Co. research firm, and Reconnecting America (a non-profit public transit advocacy group) which found that the DC Streetcar system could increase the value of businesses along the H Street Line by $1.1 billion over 20 years.
Fenty proposed levying a $375 million tax on businesses on the H Street Line to help pay for the streetcar system. But on May 25, 2010, the D.C. City Council voted to delete $49 million in proposed streetcar funding in order to help close a $550 million budget deficit. DC Streetcar advocates accused Sarah Campbell, capital budget director for the City Council, for deleting the funds, pointing out that Campbell is also a member of the Committee of 100 on the Federal City (which opposed the streetcar system as currently planned). DDOT Director Gabe Klein accused the Council of killing the program. Campbell denied both allegations. The "Washington Post" reported that the budget battle may have been sparked by Council Chair Vincent C. Gray, who was likely to challenge Fenty for the Democratic nomination for mayor in September 2010. The following day, after hundreds of angry phone calls from residents, the Council restored the funds by agreeing to borrow the money.
On October 23, 2010, D.C. transportation officials published a revised plan for the DC Streetcar system. The new plan envisioned opening the H Street/Benning Road and Anacostia lines in March or April 2012. It also significantly scaled back the Anacostia Line, truncating the northern end of the line at the Anacostia Metro station. The plan estimated the cost of constructing the two lines at $194 million, with operating costs at about $8 million per year. DDOT officials said they believed 6,350 riders per day would pay the $1 fare in the system's first year, with ridership tripling to 23,450 riders a day in 2015. The cars would be equipped to accept SmarTrip cards but not cash, and officials said anyone transferring from Metro to the DC Streetcar system using a SmarTrip card would ride for free. The streetcars were expected to operate every 10 to 15 minutes, seven days a week, during the same hours Metro's rail system was in operation.
Funding for completion of the two lines was still unclear, however. DDOT had applied for a $110 million federal grant, but had already lost a competition for an $18 million grant. City planners said they continued to look at tapping into a $180 million fund designed to service Metro's debt, enacting BID or zoning taxes in areas affected by the streetcar system, or creating public-private partnerships that would tap into private money for construction in exchange for tax breaks or concessions by the city. The overhead electrical wire issue also remained unresolved in the plan (although battery-operated cars were mentioned). Finally, the plan laid out a process for selecting a third party to operate the system (which may or may not be Metro). Funding issues continued to raise concern in other ways, too. The rising cost of the project became an issue in the reelection bid of D.C. City Council member Tommy Wells, whose ward encompasses H Street. The City Council held a hearing on the newly unveiled plan on November 16. Five days later, angry business owners along H Street demanded a tax refund and a moratorium on tax sales during a second council hearing. Business owners said construction of the streetcar line had caused sales to drop by as much as 70 percent, and City Council member Jim Graham introduced legislation establishing a $7 million fund to help businesses impacted by the construction.
On August 22, 2011, DDOT announced the first streetcars would roll on the H Street line in the summer of 2013.
In January 2012, the D.C. Office of Planning released a report which asserted that the streetcar system had the potential to create 7,700 new jobs and added as much as $8 billion in new development over a 10-year period. The system could also increase office building property values by $5.8 billion, and residential property values by $1.6 billion, exceeding by 600 to 1,000 percent the cost of building the system. The study also said that 4,000 to 12,000 households would move back into the District of Columbia from the suburbs, and the number of people living on or near a streetcar line would triple. The report "conservatively" projected that up to $291 million in annual tax revenues would be generated by the fully completed streetcar system. Chris Leinberger of the Brookings Institution told the "Washington Post" that the streetcar system had the potential to finally move development out of the northwest quadrant of the city into the underdeveloped northeast and southeast. But not everything about streetcars was positive. The report also said streetcars would also be likely to worsen traffic congestion on Benning Road SE, Columbia Road NW, Florida Avenue NW and Florida Avenue NE, Georgia Avenue NW, and K Street NW, and might make it "prohibitively expensive" for small businesses to exist along the lines.
Although DDOT awarded contracts to an Oregon company to build streetcars for the H Street/Benning Road line in mid-2011, these contracts were withdrawn and new bids solicited after the contract process was found to be flawed. D.C. City Council member Mary Cheh, chair of the council's transportation committee, said the DDOT's management of the streetcar project had lost the confidence of the public and that she would seek legislation establishing an independent authority to run the system.
Concerned that the streetcar project was not well-managed and losing public support, D.C. Council member Mary Cheh introduced legislation to create a task force that would study whether the streetcar project should be removed from DDOT's jurisdiction and placed under a separate streetcar authority.
In March 2012, D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray proposed a six-year, $237 million capital expenditure budget that would continue to expand the DC Streetcar system. But just a few days later, District officials admitted that it would cost $64.5 million to operate the first two lines during their first five years of operation — but the city only had revenues to pay for about 58 percent of those costs. Nonetheless, the city reaffirmed its commitment to opening the H Street line in 2013, and announced it had signed a contract with Oregon Iron Works to buy two more streetcars for $8.7 million. Additional controversy over the future of the streetcar system occurred in June 2012 when the Cato Institute (an American libertarian think tank) issued a study denouncing government-built streetcar systems for being too costly, inefficient, and unable to generate economic revitalization.
In mid-June 2012, the city signed a $50 million contract with Dean Facchina LLC (a joint venture between M.C. Dean, Inc. and Facchina Construction Company) to design and construct the car barn, power system, and turnarounds for the H Street line. Mayor Vincent Gray said the contract was a sign that the city was going to adhere to a summer 2013 opening. But a few days later, D.C. Council member Marion Barry filed paperwork that placed a 45-day "hold" on the automatic council approval of the contract. Barry argued that too much money was being spent on a system that served too few people. Barry withdrew his objection just a few days later after Gray assured him that D.C. residents would be hired for construction jobs on the project.
Financing the system continued to generate controversy in June 2012. Mayor Gray opened a city office in Shanghai to promote Chinese trade with and investment in the District of Columbia. In his talks with Chinese trade officials, he discussed having the Exim Bank of China fund the system's construction. Gray said that Chinese officials expressed surprised that it would take the city 20 years to build out the entire system, and Chinese officials suggested they could fund all or part of the $1.5 billion streetcar project in exchange for all or a portion of the fares generated by it. After the meeting, Gray told the media that an independent financing authority might be needed to finance the streetcar system. Even as Gray was suggesting that the city government continue to build and run the DC Streetcar system, DDOT officials released a "request for information" (RFI) to construction and operations contractors regarding the proposed construction schedule, financing, and governance of the project. The RFI noted that, if the city privatized the entire streetcar project, it would seek a 30-year contract and given the private entity a free hand in designing, financing, and constructing the streetcar system (although the city would retain final say over fares). D.C. Council member Tommy Wells said he opposed any privatization effort. He argued a private company would seek to raise fares, reduce the number of routes built, and provide low-quality service to gain the highest profit. Wells also expressed his belief no private company would want to serve Ward 8, where the city's poorest but most mass transit-dependent population lives. DDOT countered by saying that although building the system would cost $1.2 billion (which included purchasing 50 streetcars), it would only cost $65 million a year to operate (compared to DC Circulator buses, which need $70 million a year to operate). DDOT also said its RFI was intended to see if there was a market for building and operating its streetcar system, and not a request for proposals.
As the city's RFI was being considered, DDOT announced it had signed a five-year, $4 million contract with RATP Dev McDonald Transit Associates (RDMT), a subsidiary of RATP Group, to operate the H Street/Benning Roadline. The contract also assigned training and the operation of maintenance facilities to RDMT.
In September 2012, the future of the H Street line was thrown into question. DDOT had long planned to build its streetcar barn on the grounds of Spingarn High School. But the Kingman Park Civic Association filed an application with the D.C. Historic Preservation Review Board to have Spingarn High School declared a city landmark. That would force DDOT to find a new location for the car barn. On October 8, 2012, DDOT director Terry Bellamy told the D.C. Council that the civic association's actions would push the opening of the H Street line into early 2014, even if landmark status was not awarded to the high school. Bellamy expressed optimism, however, that the H Street line would still open, and said that DDOT was already planning to extend it to Minnesota Avenue. He also said the city was still working on plans to open an Anacostia line in Ward 8. D.C. Council members, however, expressed dismay at DDOT's apparent lack of a strategic plan for the streetcar system. They also voiced scepticism that DDOT was planning ahead and concern that more problems (similar to the Spingarn High School issue) would continue to plague the system because of poor planning.
Lines.
Anacostia Line.
Ground was broken for the Anacostia Line on November 13, 2004, and two more stations were added to the line (for a total of six). District officials also decided that rather than diesel-propelled cars, the demonstration cars would be electric multiple unit cars drawing power from overhead lines. The Anacostia Line was permitted to use overhead lines, which are less expensive to install and maintain but which are prohibited within the historic city limits, because it is outside the old City of Washington. Three such cars were ordered in 2005 from DPO-Inekon (now known as Inekon Trams).
But 10 months into the project, DDOT and Metro temporarily mothballed the streetcar line. Two days after the groundbreaking, CSX announced it would abandon the railway track but refuse to allow the city to use it for the streetcar project. DDOT officials say they believed that only the city and CSX owned the land under the tracks, but a legal review found that CSX was not the only private owner. The city was unwilling to build the project on the CSX tracks, only to have the other owners demand payment in the future. CSX disputed these claims, saying that it had the legal right to lease the tracks and land in perpetuity to the city for $16 million. Subsequently, DDOT announced that the streetcars would run on city streets instead of heavy railroad track, angering local residents who said the streetcars would worsen traffic congestion, eliminate parking, and reduce bus service.
DDOT and Metro announced in April 2006 that work on the revised streetcar line in Anacostia would start again in a few months. The new deadline for completion of the now-$10 million, 1.1-mile (1.7 km) line was set for the spring of 2008. Construction on the $3 million rail cars was complete in spring 2007, and the cars were tested on the streets of Ostrava in the Czech Republic at that time and then placed into indefinite storage there. In November 2007, work on the high-voltage electrical infrastructure needed for the light rail system was under way, the line was now planned to be long, and the projected cost was $30 million. Track construction was due to begin in the spring of 2008, with completion of the line anticipated for 2009. By 2008, completion of the line had slipped to late 2009.
DDOT opened bids for the now-$45 million contract to construct the Anacostia Line's tracks and infrastructure in August 2008. The city had intended to transfer $10 million from demolition of the 11th Street Bridges to fund the line, but put that plan on hold due to delays in the streetcar project. DDOT also canceled plans to run the streetcars up Good Hope Road SE to the Minnesota Avenue Metro station, creating the line's terminus at the Anacostia Gateway building (at the intersection of Martin Luther King, Jr. Avenue SE and Good Hope Road SE). In March 2009, these changes reduced the cost to just $25 million, but design changes in the new 11th Street Bridges (to be completed in 2011) meant that the streetcar could be extended over the bridges to link up with proposed streetcar lines on 8th Street SE and Pennsylvania Avenue SE. However, DDOT had yet to award any track construction contract by this time. The contract was finally awarded to Fort Myer Construction Corp. in December 2008.
In April 2009, DDOT announced that the Anacostia streetcar line would not be complete until at least 2012. The delays had caused the warranty on the mothballed Czech-produced streetcars to expire, and storage costs were running $860,000 a year. Construction of the first segment of the line (from Bolling Air Force Base to the Anacostia Station) was to have begun in February 2009, but DDOT and the D.C. Water and Sewer Authority could not agree on the necessary permits or construction timing. Track to the Anacostia Station finally began to be laid in September 2009, with a completion date in the fall of 2012. DDOT ordered the transfer of the streetcars from the Czech Republic in late 2009, and the three rail cars arrived on December 12, 2009.
In July 2008, DDOT said a streetcar on the Anacostia Line train would take 10 minutes to travel from one station to the next on its route, and the line was predicted to serve 1,400 riders daily.
But on August 26, 2010, DDOT officials ordered construction of the Anacostia Line shut down after city officials refused to extend the construction contract or give a new contract to another firm. Although $25 million had been spent over the past two years, rails at the intersection of Firth Stirling Avenue SE and Suitland Parkway were buried under asphalt and weeds grew among the rails at South Capitol Street and Bolling Air Force Base. DDOT officials pledged to finish the Anacostia Line project by December 2012, but said they would either fold the project into the Phase II construction plan (which is intended to expand the streetcar system along Rhode Island Avenue NE, Florida Avenue NW, along U Street and Calvert Streets NW, and into Georgetown) or issue a new contract that extends the build-out and thus makes the yearly costs of the contract less expensive. DDOT officials denied the project was mothballed, but admitted that they had not cost out a new contract and had not requested bids on a new contract.
Despite DDOT's assertions in August, on October 24, 2010, D.C. officials unveiled a revised master plan for the DC Streetcar system which showed the Anacostia Line's northern end truncating at the Anacostia Metro Station (rather than connecting with the 11th Street Bridges). DDOT officials said they expected ridership on the Anacostia Line to be very low, because the new line was so short (now just ) and connected only the Navy Annex with the Metro station.
In January 2012, the "Washington Post" reported that the line was still planned to run along Firth Sterling Avenue. But planning for the line remained in flux, as both the Federal Transit Administration and DDOT held yet another series of public meetings in 2012.
On October 8, 2012, DDOT director Terry Bellamy said the city was still working on plans to open an Anacostia line in Ward 8.
Potential competition to the Anacostia line arose in January 2013. The Capitol Riverfront Business Improvement District, a tax-financed group promoting business and residential development along the north bank of the Anacostia River between 2d Street SW and 15th Street SE, proposed constructing a light rail line between Union Station and St. Elizabeths Hospital. The line — whose route was not proposed — would more directly link the growing Union Station area with the large Department of Homeland Security workforce headquarters being built on the St. Elizabeths campus, while encouraging use of the Capitol Riverfront area (which itself began undergoing a major redevelopment). Capitol Riverfront officials said there had been no discussions about whether the proposed light rail link would be part of the DC Streetcar system or a separate transportation component.
Georgia Avenue Line.
In October 2010, D.C. officials unveiled tentative plans to build a streetcar line up Georgia Avenue. The city began holding public hearings on construction of the line ahead of schedule, due to the imminent 2011 closing of Walter Reed Army Medical Center. The streetcar line was part of a proposed $500 million, mixed-use housing, office, and retail development that would begin construction in 2013. D.C. officials moved up hearings on (and potential construction of) the Georgia Avenue Line because the redevelopment of the Walter Reed site would be heavily dependent on the streetcar reaching the area by the time the new homes and businesses opened.
In March 2011, the "Washington Business Journal" said that the city's reuse plan for its portion of the Walter Reed Campus included a retail hub serviced by a streetcar line.
H Street NE/Benning Road Line.
In 2003, then-Mayor Anthony A. Williams unveiled a draft Strategic Development Plan which proposed redeveloping and revitalizing six blighted areas of the city, including H Street NE and Benning Road. Among the proposals to revitalize H Street was the construction of a streetcar line to downtown D.C. in five to 10 years. The plan was formalized during the next year. Residents and business owners in the area were cautious about the plan, fearing traffic congestion and threats to pedestrian safety in an area which needed greater auto and foot traffic.
On January 20, 2006, the District of Columbia Department of Transportation announced that it would build a $13 million streetcar line on H Street NE, from Union Station to Benning Road and the Minnesota Avenue Metro station as part of its Great Streets initiative, on much of the same route established by the Columbia Railway Company in 1870. Construction was originally planned to begin in the spring of 2007 (to coincide with extensive improvements to parking and lighting and the beautification of H Street NE) and end in 2009.
By 2008, the extension to the Minnesota Avenue Metro station had been dropped, and the H Street streetcar line was being designed to link up with a planned downtown streetcar line running along the same route as the downtown routes of the DC Circulator bus.
As of July 2009, streetcar tracks were being installed on H Street as part of the scheduled street re-construction, with streetcar service scheduled to begin in 2011. City engineers, however, had yet to determine how to get power to the cars, identify locations for the cars to turn around, or find land for a car storage facility for use at night when the line was not running.
In April 2010, DDOT officials announced that they intended to build a $74 million, extension of the H Street line that would link with the Benning Road Metro station. The district had applied for a $25 million federal grant to help pay for the extension. DDOT also announced a plan to link the line to Union Station to link the H Street line's eastern terminus with the Union Station Metro and Amtrak. The city said it owned a right-of-way underneath the existing Amtrak railroad tracks on which it would build the extension.
The city also began encouraging riders to travel along the H Street corridor to Benning Road in 2009. The "H Street Shuttle" was founded in early 2009 by the H Street Business Cooperative (a nonprofit group of retailers whose businesses line H Street) to promote travel into the business district. The shuttle ran from the Gallery Place station to the Minnesota Avenue station, making just four stops along the way. The city provided $130,000 in operating funds in 2009 (although the shuttle did not run for a short period in November 2009 due to funding cut-offs). The shuttle also encountered public safety problems, as fistfights sometimes broke out between rowdy youths riding the shuttle. The shuttle has also had eggs thrown at it, been shot at with BB guns, and youth have attempted to slash its tires while it made stops. Although it was intended to be a temporary measure to bring customers into the retail corridor while streetcar construction occurred, D.C. officials said they would fund the shuttle only through the end of 2010.
In late August 2011, DDOT announced the H Street Line would begin operation in the summer of 2013. City officials said all platform stops had been constructed along the route, but overhead electricity lines, turnarounds at each end of the line, a streetcar overnight holding facility ("car barn"), maintenance facility, and three power substations remained to be built. The holding and maintenance facility would likely be constructed at the eastern end of the line, officials said, and might also contain training facilities in streetcar operation for local high school students. DDOT said that one of the major remaining issues confronting the line was the completion of the western terminus at Union Station. Originally, DDOT had wanted to cut through the footing of the bridge carrying H Street over the Amtrak rail lines, allowing streetcars to pass under the railroad tracks and access a streetcar platform on Union Station's west side. But Amtrak declined to allow DDOT permission to use this space, as the railroad intended to access it for high-speed rail in the future. DDOT said it was considering three new options: 1) Running streetcars over the bridge; 2) Adding about five blocks of additional streetcar track to allow streetcar riders to get off at the New York Ave–Florida Ave–Gallaudet University Metro station (to be renamed NoMa – Gallaudet University with the June 2012 edition of the official Metro map); and 3) Asking Amtrak for turnaround space under the existing Amtrak railroad track. DDOT said four companies had bid to design and construct these remaining pieces of the H Line, and another was being sought to operate the line. DDOT officials also said they were considering extending the H Street Line to the Benning Road Metro station as well as down K Street NW to Washington Circle.
In December 2011, the city announced that the H Street/Benning Road line would be routed over the H Street Bridge (colloquially known as the "Hopscotch Bridge" because of modern art on the bridge which depicts children playing hopscotch). Planners said that the trolley would still connect with Union Station, but did not say how.
Several controversies arose over the H Street/Benning Road line in early 2012. According to United Streetcar, a streetcar manufacturing company based in Oregon, the city awarded United Streetcar $8.7 million in contracts to build trolley cars for the H Street/Benning Road line. Contracts were awarded in June 2011 and again in September 2011. On December 16, 2011, D.C. City Councilwoman Mary Cheh filed a "disapproval resolution" with the mayor's office, placing a 40-day hold on the contract after questions arose as to whether the contract called for the construction of two trolley cars (as the city claimed) or three (as Cheh believed). On December 21, 2011, Inekon Group filed a protest of the award with the D.C. Contract Appeals Board, claiming that cost/price trade-off analysis used by the city was inapporpriate. Streetcar proponents worried that the protest could delay the contract by up to 2.5 years, but DDOT moved much more quickly and canceled the contracts in early January 2012 after a formal internal review. In February, DDOT began the contract solicitation process anew. Due to the contract controversy, DDOT said it might begin running the H Street/Benning Road line with just three streetcars instead of five. D.C. City Council member Tommy Wells pressed DDOT to wait until it could run five trolley cars, arguing that with just three cars the streetcar system would not be convenient enough for passengers. Council member Mary Cheh, chair of the council's transportation committee, said the DDOT's management of the streetcar project had lost the confidence of the public and that she would seek legislation establishing an independent authority to run the system.
At about the same time, DDOT announced a plan to build a $13 million, trolley car barn, operations base, and maintenance facility on the grounds of Spingarn High School (which is near the eastern terminus of the line). The facility would house only a few cars at first, but would be able to accommodate 12 cars. Residents of the Kingman Park neighborhood opposed the facility on the grounds that it would be noisy, near a public school, cause traffic congestion, and cause a reduction in property values. They demanded that DDOT seek approval from the local Advisory Neighborhood Commission (ANC), but DDOT officials said that the site did not require ANC or other legislative approval.
On December 17, 2012, DC Streetcar officials said only 20 percent of the H Street line remained to be completed, and that they anticipated streetcars to be rolling in October 2013.
On December 16, 2013, the first streetcar was installed on the H Street line.
K Street Line.
In January 2010, the "Washington Post" reported that the K Street Line would probably be the third line to be constructed. The K Street Line would extend from Union Station to K Street NE, then run west to 26th Street NW. It would link with the H Street/Benning Road Line at Union Station, creating a cross-city streetcar line. DDOT officials confirmed in August 2011 that linking to the H Street Line was still the option.
To help move the K Street line forward, the Downtown D.C. Business Improvement District (Downtown BID) proposed in March 2012 to fund a plan that would lay out how K Street should be reconfigured for streetcars, and how a K Street streetcar line would be planned, constructed, maintained, and serviced. The board of directors of the Downtown BID proposed a self-imposed $258 million tax on hotels and commercial property within the district to fund BID projects, which included the streetcar design proposal.
Maine Avenue Line.
Another streetcar line was proposed for Maine Avenue SW. In October 2010, the D.C. government unveiled its long-awaited, $1.5 billion development proposal for the city's southwest waterfront district. This proposal included a DC Streetcar line down the middle of the entire length of Maine Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="20417280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417280" title="Hossein Kharrazi">
Hossein Kharrazi

Major General () Hosein Kharrazi (, UniPers: Hoseyne Xarrâzi) (1957 – 27 February 1986) was an Iranian commander of "Imam Hosein 14th Division" during Iran-Iraq War. He supported Islamic revolution and after its victory, served and helped safeguarding it. He was engaged in many operations during the war, especially Dawn 8 in which he captured troops of Saddam Republican Guard in Al-Faw Peninsula; and in Operation Karbala-5 as the commander of the vanguard forces. Kharrazi was killed by shrapnel from a mortar bomb in Operation Karbala-5.
History.
During his adolescence he was interested in religious publications. Kharrazi participated in religious congregations and learning theological subjects. His curiosity toward religious matters increased during the campaigns against the Pahlavis and he became more aware of the contemporary political circumstances. While performing his military service, Kharrazi was sent to Dhofar. He deserted the armed forces finally in 1978, according to the direction of Ruhollah Khomeini, and joined the revolutionaries.
Iran-Iraq war.
His first considerable command was in Darkhovin region close to Abadan-Ahvaz road, known as "The Lion Frontier". In the battle, the Iranian troops resisted Saddam's army for 9 months. He became the commander of Darkhovin front. Kharrazi served actively in freeing Bostan afterwards. Following Operation Tarigh ol-Qods, "Imam Hossein brigade" was established which soon was reorganized to a division with Kharrazi being appointed as the Major General. His troops participated in the following operations: Fath-ol-Mobeen and Beit ol-Moqaddas for the Liberation of Khorramshahr. In the later operation, his division was among the first which passed Karun river and reached Ahvaz-Khorramshahr road. As a commander he was also involved in other operations like Ramadan, "Preliminary Dawn", Dawn 4; and Khaibar during which he lost an arm. He often reconnoitered combatant's territories himself. In Operation Dawn 8 his troops managed to defeat Saddam's Republican Guard and had victories in Al-Faw Peninsula and around "Salt Factory". During Operation Karbala-5 Kharrazi's division was the spearhead and succeeded to pass arched embankments of the combatant army.
"Karbala-5" was his last operation. Under the heavy artillery bombardment of Saddam's forces, food supplies became critical. He took the direct responsibility of providing food, and during this effort, a mortar bomb exploded and killed him. Kharrazi was a staunch adherent of Islam and the ideals of the Islamic revolution of Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="20417283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417283" title="Ayden-Grifton High School">
Ayden-Grifton High School

Ayden-Grifton High School is a high school in Pitt County, North Carolina, United States. It is located along NC 11 South in between the towns of Ayden, North Carolina and Grifton, North Carolina. Ayden-Grifton High School is one of the six public high schools that make up the Pitt County School System. Ayden-Grifton High School is classified as a 2-A school with 650 students.
History.
Ayden-Grifton High School was built in 1971 and opened along with Farmville Central High School and North Pitt High School for the purposes of desegregation and integration. It was built to consolidate Ayden High School (the white only school), South Ayden High School (the black only school), and Grifton High Schools all into one high school serving both the towns of Ayden and Grifton.
School Bombing.
Shortly after Ayden-Grifton High School opened in 1971 as one of the first integrated high schools in Pitt County, the auditorium was bombed during a time of racial unrest in Ayden, NC. Ayden had become the focal point of protests, curfews, and bombings due to the death of an African American who died while in custody in the Ayden jail. The SCLC led by Golden Frinks stated the death was suspicious and began a series of protests in local churches. During this time there were several bombings of businesses and of the new high school.
Academics.
ABC's Accountability.
North Carolina uses the ABCs designations to show how well schools are performing against the state standards. The ABCs designations are based on the percentage of students who tested at or above grade level on state standardized tests and whether students made the amount of growth expected in one year. For high schools, graduation-related factors are also included. Schools receive one of the following designations: High Growth, Expected Growth, No Recognition, Priority School or Low-Performing. Schools that meet or exceed the state's growth goals can earn the following additional designations for commendable performance: Honor School of Excellence, School of Excellence, School of Distinction or School of Progress.
Ayden-Grifton High School received the designation of "School of Progress, Expected Growth" by the North Carolina Department of Public Instruction for the 2006-2007 school year.
AP Exams.
Many schools offer college-level classes to prepare students for the AP exams and Ayden-Grifton is among them. Students who score well on AP exams can earn advanced standing or college credit from most U.S. colleges and universities. 
In 2007-2008 students at this school took Advanced Placement (AP) exams in the following areas:
Extracurricular activities.
Arts.
Ayden-Grifton High School has a wide variety of art programs that students can participate in-school and after-school. Ayden-Grifton has a band, orchestra, and theater/drama program..
Languages.
Ayden-Grifton High School currently offers Spanish.
Athletics.
Sports at Ayden-Grifton High School include: 
Demographics.
Ayden-Grifton High School as of 2007 is 53% white, 43% black, 3% Hispanic, and 1% other. AGHS is 49% Male and 51% Female. 39% (238 students) of the students at AGHS are on free or reduced lunch.
Organizations.
Ayden-Grifton High School is home to a wide variety of clubs for students to become involved in their school and their community. The clubs at AGHS include:

</doc>
<doc id="20417295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417295" title="Milica Pap">
Milica Pap

Milica Pap (born December 14, 1973, in Sarajevo, Yugoslavia) is a classical pianist of Bosnian-Herzegovinian, Serbian and Croatian descent.
Biography.
The Balkan pianist and music teacher, who has recently started to build a global reputation, comes from a strong musical background.
Her father Ljudevit Pap (or Lajos Papp to use the Magyar (Hungarian) spelling) was a well-known violinist and professor of music at the University of Belgrade. He was a founder member of the Association of Serbian Musicians as well as being first violinist and leader of the Belgrade Symphony Orchestra and the Sarajevo Radio Orchestra. He is also credited with forming the first professional string quartet in Sarajevo. Unfortunately, he died when Pap was only 14.
Her mother is the Serbian-Montenegran pianist Angelina Bojovic, who still teaches at the Music Academy in Sarajevo. Her many talented pupils from around the world include the pianists M. Karacic (USA), B. Hrovat (Canada), M. Olenjuk (Germany)and S. Kulenovic (Slovenia). Her uncle is a violinist and conductor in Luxembourg and her cousin the Serbian percussionist A. Radulovic.
By the age of 10 Pap could play works by nearly all the leading composers and gave her first public recital when she was just 14. The Boznian-Herzgovinian authorities awarded her a scholarship to the faculty of music at Belgrade University in 1991, when she came first in the entrance exams that year at the age of 17. While there, she won numerous prizes and competitions, notably the Olga Mihajlovic Prize for best pianist in the university and the Radmila Djordjevic Prize for best piano accompanist. She also won several competitions and prizes during this time, of which the Petar Konjovic Prize pleased her most.
Pap was fortunate to study under a series of leading pianists and teachers, including A.Valdma, N. LJ. Starkman, S. Bogino, V. Ogarkov, S. Dorensky, L. Istvan, I. Khudolei, Y. Kot, I. Alekseyhuk, R. Kehrer, D. Anderson, P. Scheyder, L. Pogorelich and D. Protopopescu. This led to her being given a teaching post at the university at the age of 21, and in 1997 she became a professor of music there, specialising in piano, chamber music and accompaniment. By 2000 she also held a professorship at the Sarajevo Music Academy.
The major Russian piano composers feature strongly in her performing repertoire, especially Mussorgsky, Scriabin, Rachmaninov and Prokofiev. Indeed, in 2003 at the meeting of the EPTA (European piano teachers association) she was invited to play Rachmaninov's second concerto with the Belgrade Symphony Orchestra. This led to a scholarship offer at the Luxembourg Conservatoire for one year which she took up and during which she was awarded the « Victor Fenigstein » prize for outstanding talent. She graduated there with a Diplôme Supérieur de Piano studying under professor S. Bausch and gained first prize for harmony, counterpoint, fugue and composition under professor A. Mullenbach.
By this time Pap Pap was playing in several European countries, Croatia, Serbia, Montenegro, Slovenia, Macedonia, Hungary, Luxembourg and Bosnia-Herzegovina. In most of these she was in great demand at music festivals. But her musical talents did not stop with the piano. Her mastery of accompaniment led her to be invited to join the Sarajevo Opera as a voice and lyric coach, in which role she helped in productions of Der Fledermaus, Rigoletto,and La Bohème as well as some Slavonic operas.
As her reputation grew, Pap served as head of the piano department at the Sarajevo Music Academy (2005/06) and was given a visiting professorship at Sarajevo University in 2006. She accepted in 2007 to be in charge of European reform of education in her university (Bologna Process).
Since September 2008 she has lived in France sharing her time between Nantes and Paris . In the former city she has already built a reputation as a teacher and vocal accompanist while also giving recitals. In Paris her work has centred round her ambition to study the work and set up of the world famous Paris Conservatoire with the hope of one day establishing a similar institution in Sarajevo. French musicians and musicologists have received her enthusiastically and admire her plans.
However, like so many Yugoslavians born before the Balkan conflicts of the last decade, her career has been hampered and her life scarred by the misfortunes of war. For four years when she was in Belgrade she never set eyes on her mother and was basically a stateless person with no passport who could not travel anywhere. These were the years when most young virtuosi would be making their mark on the world stage. In addition this experience made her very sympathetic to ethnic minorities suffering from persecution as her own family came from several different ethnic groups. In 1998 she even tried, with help from UNESCO, to start a project called "Music without Frontiers" to unite the Balkan peoples, but so far it has proved politically impractical. However it is still an ambition she wants to fulfill someday.
Pap's extensive repertoire, superb technique and deep knowledge of music have at last brought her to the attention of a much wider audience, and it is to be hoped that she will soon take her rightful place in the modern world of classical music as one of the greatest pianists of her generation. The recent uploading on YouTube of her recital of Mussorgsky's "Pictures at an Exhibition" has caused many music critics to start asking who she is and where such a talent has been hiding for so long.

</doc>
<doc id="20417301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417301" title="Cross-drive steering transmission">
Cross-drive steering transmission

A cross-drive steering transmission is a transmission which is used in tracked vehicles to allow precise and energy efficient steering.
It consists of the following main parts:
A steering transmission combines the two functions needed for a tracked vehicle transmission: a transmission to couple the relatively constant engine speed to varying road speeds and a steering gearbox to drive the two output shafts (and so the tracks) at different speeds, thus steering the vehicle.
Cross-drive transmissions developed after WWII, at a time when tanks were growing larger and heavier. A growing problem with earlier gearboxes had been the amount of heat dissipated in the brakes used for steering. As tanks grew heavier, a more efficient system was required not just for efficiency (i.e. more available power from the same engine) but also to reduce the wasted power having to be disposed of through heat and wear in the steering brakes.
Cross-drive transmissions were developed from the earlier controlled-differential steering gearboxes. Their innovation was to cross-couple the two sides, so that excess power from the slow side of the gearbox could be supplied to the faster side. This reduced the power to be dissipated by braking and it increased the power available to drive the fast track. Implementing this was difficult for most transmissions as it required a varying gear ratio between the sides. Most gearboxes simply offered a single ratio, through fixed gears and clutches, which restricted steering to a single radius.
The particular innovation of the cross-drive, over earlier attempts, was to use a torque converter in the cross shaft. This allowed a continuously variable ratio between the two sides and so more precise steering. Torque converters are also easier to make for the high torques required in tank design, saving weight and cost.
Cross-drive transmissions also improved the drivability of the manual transmissions then in use. Manual transmissions were heavy and tiring to drive, requiring skill and strength from the driver, and also frequent adjustments as the clutch plates wore. The pre-selector gearbox had been used to simplify the driving task, but at the cost of mechanical complexity. The cross-drive transmissions offered a mechanically-actuated self-changing gearbox, where the ratio selection could be either manual, automatic, or by pre-selection.
The construction of these transmissions also integrated the transmission and steering gearbox functions into a single casing. This gave reduced overall weight and volume, and reduced servicing times. A related development at this time was the 'power pack' concept, where engine and transmission could be removed as a single unit. As size and complexity increased, fitter time became short but mechanical handling through mobile cranes became available in the field. It was now quicker and simpler to exchange one large unit than to dismantle and re-assemble more connections to remove a smaller component.
X1100.
A later design of cross-drive transmission, the Allison X1100, was used in the 1970s experimental US MBT-70 and XM1 tanks, then later adopted in the M1 Abrams. This adopts a different principle for the steering cross-coupling: instead of a hydro-dynamic torque converter, it uses a hydrostatic combination of a hydraulic pump and a hydraulic motor.
The X1100 was designed as a modular system, allowing its easy adaption to vehicles with different power plants, ranging from diesels to gas turbines. The central module is matched to the engine driving it, the outer steering modules to the weight and speed of the vehicle.

</doc>
<doc id="20417321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417321" title="Licauquén River">
Licauquén River

Licauquén River a short river or "riachuelo" south of Lebu and west of Cañete. It comes from the eastern wooded heights of the Arauco Province to the coast of the Pacific Ocean, it is joined in its upper reaches by a tributary riachuelo named Pilmaiquén and it runs a few kilometers to the southwest to end on the coast at 37° 50' Lat. South, nearby Punta Molguilla (Point Molguilla).

</doc>
<doc id="20417342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417342" title="Odontochelys">
Odontochelys

Odontochelys semitestacea is the oldest known extinct species of turtles. It is the only known species in the genus Odontochelys and the family Odontochelyidae. "O. semitestacea" was first described from three 220 million year-old specimens excavated in Triassic deposits in Guizhou, China.
"Odontochelys" differed grossly from modern turtles. Modern turtles possess a horny beak without any teeth in their mouth. In contrast, "Odontochelys" fossils were found to have had teeth embedded in their upper and lower jaws. One of the most striking features of turtles, both modern and prehistoric alike, are their dorsal shells, forming an armored carapace over the body of the animal. "Odontochelys" only possessed the bottom portion of a turtle's armor, the plastron. It did not yet have a solid carapace as most other turtles do. Instead of a solid carapace, "Odontochelys" possessed broadened ribs like those of modern turtle embryos that still have not started developing the ossified plates of a carapace.
Aside from the presence of teeth and the absence of a solid carapace, a few other skeletal traits distinguish "Odontochelys" as basal compared to other turtles, extant and otherwise. The point of articulation between the dorsal ribs and the vertebrae are decidedly different in "Odontochelys" than in later turtles. In a comparison of skull proportions, the skull of "Odontochelys" is far more elongated pre-orbitally (in front of the eyes) compared to other turtles. The tail of the prehistoric turtle was longer in proportion to its body than other turtles. In addition, the transverse processes found in the tail are not fused such as in later turtles. Also, the scapulae of the examined specimens were identified to lack acromion processes. Taken together, these anatomical differences have been interpreted by the discoverers to mean that "Odontochelys" has some of the most primitive features ever seen in a turtle and is somewhat of a transitional fossil. Some scientists, however, are skeptical of this idea. Reisz and Head propose that "Odontochelys" does not represent a turtle with a partly evolved shell, but that it is a descendant of an older, land–living turtle, and that the shell became reversed. Such shells can be seen on modern turtles, like the leatherback turtles (the genus "Dermochelys").
It is likely that "Odontochelys" was aquatic, as the fossil specimens were found in marine deposits rife with conodonts and ammonites. It is theorized that the primitive turtle frequented shallow marine waters close to shore.
The species' name, "Odontochelys semitestacea" literally means "toothed turtle with a half-shell" - an apt description of its most striking physical characteristics.

</doc>
<doc id="20417377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417377" title="List of Dutch astronauts">
List of Dutch astronauts

As of 2009, The Netherlands is the country of birth to three astronauts, one of whom went to space as an American citizen. Two of the three astronauts flew to space on board a Space Shuttle, while one of them used the Russian Soyuz to reach space.
Lodewijk van den Berg.
The first Dutch-born astronaut to have been to space is Lodewijk van den Berg. He was born March 24, 1932, in Sluiskil, Zeeland. Van den Berg was launched aboard Space Shuttle Challenger on April 29, 1985, as a Payload Specialist of mission STS-51B. During the seven-day mission, Van den Berg conducted several experiments on crystal growth.
At the time of his flight, Van den Berg was not a Dutch citizen, having been naturalized as US citizen.
Wubbo Ockels.
The second Dutch-born astronaut and first Dutch citizen to have been to space is Wubbo Ockels. He was born March 28, 1946 in Almelo, Overijssel. Ockels rocketed towards space aboard Space Shuttle Challenger on October 30, 1985 – just over half a year after Lodewijk van den Berg – as a Payload Specialist of mission STS-61A.
André Kuipers.
The third Dutch-born astronaut and second Dutch citizen to have been to space is André Kuipers. He was born October 5, 1958 in Amsterdam, Noord-Holland. Kuipers, unlike his two predecessors, was launched by a Soyuz spacecraft: Soyuz TMA-4. He served as flight engineer. During his eleven-day trip towards the International Space Station (ISS), Kuipers conducted twenty-one experiments on a wide range of subjects.
Kuipers' second mission was ISS Expedition 30 (as Flight Engineer 4) and he will also participate in ISS Expedition 31 (as Flight Engineer 1). He was launched from Baikonur on December 21, 2011 and returned on July 1, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20417379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417379" title="Timotei Cipariu">
Timotei Cipariu

Timotei Cipariu (; February 21, 1805, Pánád (, now a part of Sâncel), Kis-Küküllő, Royal Hungary – September 3, 1887) was a Romanian cleric and academic. He was one of the founding members of the Romanian Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="20417418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417418" title="Bur Oak Secondary School">
Bur Oak Secondary School

Bur Oak Secondary School (BOSS) is a public secondary school in Markham, Ontario, Canada established in 2007, and is part of the York Region District School Board. The school was named after the road which it is built on. Bur Oak had 1004 students as of September 2009.
BOSS offers a four-year Core French program, which, unlike other French programs in the board, has an intensive focus on French culture and history, in addition to grammar and structure. BOSS has seven satellite councils including: Athletics Council, Business Council, Community Council, Events Council, Global Action Council, Music Council and Equity Council. Student Council consists of the student body elected President and Vice-President and the director and vice-director of each satellite council. BOSS also offers numerous clubs including: Announcement Team, Badminton Team, Improv Team, Break dance Club, Muslim Student Association, Peer Tutoring Club, White Pine Readers, Art Club, Stock and Investments Club, DECA, Mathematics Club,Computer Club, and Zero Footprint.
According to the 2011 Fraser Institute report, BOSS was ranked 15 out of 718 secondary schools in Ontario.
History.
Bur Oak Secondary School opened in September 2007 with only two grades (9 & 10). B.O.S.S. held its “Official Opening” ceremony on Thursday, May 1, 2008 followed by an open house. The school now has 4 grades (9-12) with over 1200 students. The school's official colours consist of royal blue, gold, white, and black.
Bur Oak's mascot is the bulldog, hence the representative name for teams, the "Bur Oak Bulldogs".
Awards ceremony.
At its annual awards ceremony in September, the school recognizes the academic achievement of students with the following awards:
1.) Honour Roll: These recipients have earned an overall average of at least 80%.
2.) Subject Award: These recipients have shown initiative in a specific course. However, unlike the vast majority of schools that give the award to the student earning the highest mark and the strongest performance, BOSS requires a mark of at least 75%.
3.) Principal's Award: This award is given to the three students earning the highest academic average in each grade.
As of the 2011-12 school year, only subject awards are given each semester; the Honour Roll and Principal's Award recipients are currently determined based on their marks from throughout the whole school year instead of the previously established semester marking.
Feeder Schools.
The following elementary schools are part of the Bur Oak S.S feeder schools:
Transportation.
School Bus.
As per the criteria of Student Transportation Service (joint school bus service for YRDSB and YCDSB), students from grade 9-12 in the YRDSB are eligible for school bus transportation if they are:
and
Students in a special needs program (excluding gifted), are exempt from the policy and receive it based on a separate criteria
Public Transit.
The YRT routes which stop at or near the school are:
There are no high school specials and no other routes divert to the school at the beginning and end of the day.
Effective January 1, 2014, YRT fares are $4.00 in cash for a two hour pass. Ten student tickets (valid for 2 hours) are $25.00 and a monthly pass is $104.00. If a student has a Presto Card (and is set to student fares), $2.50 is deducted if it is tapped. If it is tapped again within two hours, no fare is deducted.

</doc>
<doc id="20417466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417466" title="Anastasia Rizikov">
Anastasia Rizikov

Anastasia Rizikov (born in December 8, 1998) is a young classical pianist. "...One experienced London concert-goer called her a force of nature — this about a lovely and gracefully poised twelve year old. It was not an exaggeration." was written about her at "Pianist Anastasia Rizikov wows Wolf Performance Hall audience" by Joe Lella at The Beat Magazine, November 14, 2011
__TOC__
Biography.
Anastasia Rizikov was born in Toronto, Canada. She began her studies at age five, and since then showed unparalleled dedication to both practice and performance. She studies with award-winning piano teacher Maia Spis at the Nadia Music Academy in Toronto. She has played in master classes for Anatoly Ryabov (professor at the Conservatory of Moscow), Oxana Yablonskaya (ex-professor at the Juilliard School of Music), and has worked with Olga Kern (winner of the 2001 Van Cliburn International Piano Competition). After finishing 6 grades of Elementary school, Anastasia was transferred to a home education program. She is presently studying at the Independent Learning Centre where she is working towards her High School Diploma.
Anastasia is currently on the international competition circuit, winning many awards in the process. In May 2011, she captured first prize in the Rotary International Piano Competition in Palma de Mallorca, Spain – choosing to enter the more challenging Category A (up to 28 year old) – the youngest person in the competition’s 18 years to do so – and winning over players twice her age. She returned to Spain in June, 2012 for a series of solo recitals, as well as for the E. Grieg’s Piano Concerto in A minor, op. 16 performance with Balearic Symphony Orchestra at
Royal Palace of La Almudaina in Palma de Mallorca.
In 2010, Anastasia won first place in the Thousand Islands International Piano Competition for Young People (Cape Vincent, NY). She also won first place at American Protégé 2010 International Piano and Strings Competition and performed in New York City’s Carnegie Hall. She had already performed at Carnegie Hall when, in 2009, Anastasia became the first place winner at the Bradshaw and Buono International Piano Competition. In 2008, representing Canada, Anastasia performed with great success in the Kremlin, Moscow at the international festival “Moscow Meets Friends”, organized by Vladimir Spivakov’s International Charity Foundation; she was awarded the Festival’s medal and diploma. Also in 2008, Anastasia had the honour of performing at the fourth “Young Stars of the Young Century” Gala Concert organized by Vladimir Spivakov’s Charity Foundation, which took place in the Toronto Centre for The Arts. In 2006, Anastasia became the first place winner at The Vladimir Horowitz International Young Pianists Competition in Kiev, Ukraine, again, representing Canada. She was also given a special award for Best Artistic Performance and, at age seven, made her orchestral debut, performing Polunin's Concertino in A minor with the National Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra of Ukraine, conducted by Mykola Diadiura at the Concert Hall of National Kiev Philharmonic. Following this competition the USA Concert Tour of Winners was organized in which Anastasia had participated with a big success.
Nationally, Anastasia Rizikov is also a first prize winner at both the Canadian Music Competition (CMC) and the Canadian Chopin Competition. The Chopin Competition, held every five years, led to Anastasia’s appearance at a gala winners’ concert at Koerner Hall in Toronto. Annually, Anastasia wins first place at several local competitions in the Greater Toronto Area, including Markham Music Festival, Yips Music Festival, North York Music Festival, Peel Music Festival, Davenport Music Festival, Toronto Music Competition, Kiwanis Music Festival of Greater Toronto, Kiwanis Provincial Music Festival, and the Canadian Music Competition (CMC).
Anastasia has given interviews and performed at Toronto’s Jazz FM 91 and Classical 96.3 FM radio station, CBC Television news, Rogers TV, Russian MIX TV, and the Ukrainian TV programs Svitohliad and Kontakt, Toronto Star newspaper, Wholenote magazine, and American WSKG-FM, WSKG-TV channels. An excerpt of one of her videos was even briefly shown on The Oprah Winfrey Show during a feature on gifted children. On top of that, Anastasia performed numerous solo-concerts in major cities of The United States of America and Canada.
Anastasia has performed with following orchestras: National Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra of Ukraine, Northwest Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Plymouth Symphony Orchestra, Toronto Sinfonietta, International Symphony Orchestra, Orquesta Sinfónica de Baleares “Ciudad de Palma”, National Academy Orchestra of Canada, Sinfonia Toronto, Toronto Symphony Orchestra, Michigan Philharmonic Orchestra; and had worked with following conductors: Mykola Diadiura, Michael Holian, John Covelli, Nan Washburn, Matthew Jaskiewicz, Robert Debbaut, Salvador Brotons, Boris Brott, Berislav Skenderović and Shalom Bard.
In June, 2012 Anastasia was awarded the prestigious 2013 "Debut Atlantic" tour. She will be performing along the Canadian Atlantic coast in September, 2013.
In December, 2012, in honour of Glenn Gould's 80th Anniversary Year and his Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award, The Glenn Gould Foundation has provided a C1X Yamaha baby grand piano to the "outstanding young pianist Anastasia Rizikov. Ms. Rizikov has the piano on an indefinite loan-basis to aid in her artistic and career development."

</doc>
<doc id="20417489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417489" title="Jacaguas River">
Jacaguas River

Río Jacaguas (Spanish: Río Jacaguas) is a river shared between the municipalities of Ponce and Juana Diaz. It flows from north to south, draining into the Caribbean Sea east of the city of Ponce. One of the 14 rivers in the municipality of Ponce, it is also the longest, at . The river has a discharge of 37,000 ft3/second, making it the most affluent river in Ponce as well.
Origin and course.
Jacaguas has its origin in the municipality of Villalba, Puerto Rico, in the boundary between barrio Vacas and barrio Hato Puerco Arriba, at an altitude of approximately above sea level. It crosses the municipalities of Villalba and Juana Díaz, forming the Guayabal Lake, before approaching the municipality of Ponce where it becomes the boundary between Ponce and Juana Diaz. From there it empties into the Caribbean Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="20417509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417509" title="Kurt Betschart">
Kurt Betschart

Kurt Betschart born 25 August 1968 in Erstfeld Switzerland is a former professional cyclist. He was a Six Day Track specialist holding a world record 37 victories with the same partner, Bruno Risi. He had a total of 47 professional victories and represented Switzerland at the Olympic games. After sixteen years in professional cycling Kurt retired on 26 July 2006.
External links.
Wins at the Ghent six day 1993,1996,2002

</doc>
<doc id="20417511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417511" title="Portugués River">
Portugués River

Portugués River (Spanish: Río Portugués) is a river in the municipality of Ponce, Puerto Rico. The river is also known as Río Tibes in the area where it flows through barrio Tibes in the municipality of Ponce. Río Portugués has a length of nearly and runs south from the Cordillera Central mountain range into the Caribbean Sea. The Portugués is one of the best-known rivers in Ponce because of its prominent zigzagging through the city and its historical significance. The river is historically significant because the city of Ponce had its origins on its banks. It was originally known as Río Baramaya (Baramaya River). The river has its mouth at . This river is one of the 14 rivers in the municipality.
Origin.
Portugués River has its origin in Cerro Guilarte, located the western part of barrio Portugués in the bordering municipality of Adjuntas, just north of Ponce, and drains into the Caribbean Sea after running for some . The river has a discharge of 16,000 feet3/second.
Tributaries.
Río Chiquito is one of the tributaries of Río Portugués (i.e., Río Chiquito feeds into Río Portugués). In the sectors and sub-barrios that it traverses, the locals call the river by the name of such sector/barrio. Thus names such as Río Cedro, Río Nuez, Río Moscada, and Río Tibes as the unofficial local name of Río Portugués in the sectors known as Cedro, Nuez, Moscada and Tibes.
Course of the river.
Starting at its origin in Barrio Portugués, Adjuntas, Portugués River, as it is known locally, begins to form at an altitude of approximately 2,853 feet (870 m) above sea level. The river then runs in a southernly direction parallel to PR-10 for most of its trajectory, crossing barrios Guaraguao, San Patricio, and Tibes. It brushes barrio Machuelo Arriba on its southwestern corner after it crosses PR-10 just west of the intersection of PR-10 and PR-504, immediately north of the Ponce city limits. From there it enters barrio Machuelo Abajo and continues south crossing Avenida Betances/Avenida Tito Castro (PR-14), at a point about half a mile west of the intersection of routes PR-12 and PR-14. A few hundred feet before the Avenida Betances bridge over Río Portugués in the city of Ponce, the river divides barrios Sexto, located west of the river, and Machuelo Abajo, to the east. It continues south crossing Calle Guadalupe, at which point it divides barrio Quinto to the west and Machuelo Abajo to the east. This point is just west of "Club Deportivo de Ponce." Several hundred feet further downstream, at Miguel Pou Boulevard–PR-1 and Puentes de los Leones–Tricentennial Park, the river divides barrios Tercero and San Antón. Further downstream, the river runs immediately west of La Ceiba Park on Calle Comercio (route PR-133) in sector Cuatro Calles. After crossing Calle Comercio, Río Portugués divides barrios Cuarto and San Anton, and continues its southernly course towards Avenida Las Americas (PR-163).
Old and new course.
For flood control purposes, Río Portugués was diverted in the 1970s by the U.S. Corps of Engineers from emptying directly into the Caribbean Sea at Playa de Ponce to feeding into the Río Bucaná which then empties into the Caribbean Sea. This canalization project was completed in 1997.
Former course.
The former course of Río Portugués, prior to being diverted and canalized by the U.S. Corps of Engineers in the 1970s, followed from the area just north of Avenida Las Americas/PR-163 in a south-southwesterly fashion crossing Avenida Las Americas immediately east of Hospital Dr. Pila. It then continued south behind the Governmental Center/Puerto Rico Police Ponce Area headquarters, and followed a trajectory almost parallel to Avenida Hostos (PR-123, formerly PR-10). It then crossed PR-2 immediately east of the intersection of Avenida Hostos and Ponce Bypass/PR-2, at the sector called "Caracoles". From there the river used to continue flowing southernly, at one point just edging the area where Plaza del Caribe now stands. This old course then took a sharp westernly turn, and crossed Avenida Hostos. From this point it continued running south-southwesternly where it (now, since the newly built PR-52) crossed PR-52. From here the river flowed another one mile (1.6 km) crossing the low-lying area of Barrio La Playa at Avenida Padre Noel before draining into the Caribbean Sea about 30 or 40 yards from Avenida Padre Noel, in the area called Villa Pesquera.
Current course.
Once the U.S. Corps of Engineers canalized Río Portugués as it flowed through the city of Ponce, the Corps also diverted its course from a south-southwesterly course to a south-southeasterly course. This diversion started immediately south of the river's intersection with Avenida Las Americas.
From Avenida Las Americas the river now flows, canalized, in a south-southeasterly after crossing Avenida Las Americas about a quarter of a mile east of Hospital Dr. Pila. After crossing Avenida Las Americas in downtown Ponce, the river comes to the location where in the 1970s it was diverted by the US Corps of Engineers from a southwesterly path to its current southeasterly path. Taking a sharp easterly turn, Río Portugués enters barrio San Antón, and crosses route PR-12/Avenida Malecon about one quarter of a mile north of PR-12's intersection with PR-2. Shortly thereafter the river bends to become southbound and crosses route PR-2, about one quarter of a mile east of PR-2's intersection with PR-12. The river then borders the Julio Enrique Monagas Family Park on the park's western edge until, still canalized, it feeds into Bucaná River about half a mile south of PR-2. The point where Río Portugués feeds into Río Bucaná is about one quarter of a mile north of PR-52 (a.k.a., Autopista Luis A. Ferre) and can be seen from the southbound side of PR-52.
Bucaná River.
After this point Portugués River is no longer called Río Portugués. It becomes Río Bucaná (Bucaná River) and divides barrios Playa on its western bank and barrio Bucaná on its eastern bank. From there the river continues flowing in southernly course as a single canalized river for half-mile, crossing Autopista Luis A. Ferre/PR-52. Another one mile (1.6 km) of southernly flow and the river empties as a single stream into the Caribbean Sea just east of La Guancha, safely avoiding most low-laying populated areas.
Portugués Dam.
In 1986, the U.S. Congress approved funding to build the Portugués Dam for Portugués River about northwest of Ponce. Construction began in April 2008 and, when finished, the dam will be the first roller-compacted concrete thick arch dam built anywhere in U.S. soil by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The Cerrillos Dam over Río Cerrillos was finished in 1992, and had also been approved by Congress in 1986. The cost to built the Portugués Dam is over $192 million.
The dam will consist of a dike of 220 feet high by 1,230 feet wide. It will use 368,000 cubic yards of compressed concrete. As of 22 March 2009, 88 percent of the concrete work had been completed. Its scheduled completion date is 2013. The total investment is $375 million USD.
Preservation.
In 1971, Mr. and Mrs. Clark Foreman, owners of the Adjuntas property where the Portugués River originates, granted the development rights of their property in Adjuntas to the Conservation Trust of Puerto Rico, thereby establishing the first scenic and conservation easement in Puerto Rico. The deed of easement and its restrictive covenants protect a tract of land that includes the headwaters of Río Portugués. Although the title to the land remains with the Foreman family, the easement restricts the use of the land, safeguarding its trees, vegetation, and other natural resources against destruction or alteration in perpetuity. Today, of Río Portugués scenic easement in Adjuntas's humid forest are a protected entity of the Conservation Trust of Puerto Rico.

</doc>
<doc id="20417515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417515" title="Mountain peaks of Central America">
Mountain peaks of Central America

This article comprises three sortable tables of major mountain peaks of Central America. This article defines Central America as the seven nations of Belize, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Panama.
Topographic elevation is the vertical distance above the reference geoid, a precise mathematical model of the Earth's sea level as an equipotential gravitational surface. Topographic prominence is the elevation difference between the summit and the highest or key col to a higher summit. Topographic isolation is the minimum great circle distance to a point of higher elevation.
This article defines a significant summit as a summit with at least 100 meters (328.1 feet) of topographic prominence, and a major summit as a summit with at least 500 meters (1640.4 feet) of topographic prominence. An ultra-prominent summit is a summit with at least 1500 meters (4921.3 feet) of topographic prominence.
Highest major summits.
The following sortable table lists the 15 highest mountain peaks of Central America with at least 500 meters (1640.4 feet) of topographic prominence.
The first two of these summits each have at least 4000 meters (13,123.4 feet) of topographic elevation and at least 500 meters (1640.4 feet) of topographic prominence.
Most prominent summits.
The following sortable table lists the 15 most topographically prominent mountain peaks of Central America.
See the List of Ultras in Central America for a table of the 22 summits with at least 1500 meters (4921.3 feet) of topographic prominence.
Most isolated major summits.
The following sortable table lists the 15 most topographically isolated mountain peaks of Central America with at least 500 meters (1640.4 feet) of topographic prominence.
The first 11 of these summits each have at least 100 kilometers (62.14 miles) of topographic isolation and at least 500 meters (1640.4 feet) of topographic prominence.

</doc>
<doc id="20417521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417521" title="Necklace splitting problem">
Necklace splitting problem

In mathematics, and in particular combinatorics, the necklace splitting problem arises in a variety of contexts including exact division; its picturesque name is due to mathematicians Noga Alon and Douglas B. West.
Suppose a necklace, open at the clasp, has "k" ·"n" beads. There are "k" · "a""i" beads of colour "i", where 1 ≤ "i" ≤ "t". Then the necklace splitting problem is to find a partition of the necklace into "k" parts (not necessarily contiguous), each of which has exactly "a""i" beads of colour "i"; such a split is called a "k"-split. The size of the split is the number of cuts that are needed to separate the parts (the opening at the clasp is not included). Inevitably, one interesting question is to find a split of minimal size.
Example of necklace splitting with "k" = 2 (i.e. two thieves), and "t" = 2 (i.e. two types of beads, here 8 red and 6 green). A 2-split is shown.
Alon explains that
If the beads of each colour are contiguous on the open necklace, then any "k" splitting must contain at least "k" − 1 cuts, so the size is at least ("k" − 1)"t". Alon and West use the Borsuk-Ulam theorem to prove that a "k"-splitting can "always" be achieved with this number of cuts. Alon uses these and related ideas to state and prove a generalization of the Hobby–Rice theorem.
Further results.
One cut fewer than needed.
In the case of two thieves "k" = 2 and "t" colours, a fair split would require at most "t" cuts. If, however, only "t" − 1 cuts are available, Hungarian mathematician Gábor Simonyi shows that the two thieves can achieve an almost fair division in the following sense. 
If the necklace is arranged so that no "t"-split is possible, then for any two subsets "D"1 and "D"2 of { 1, 2, ...,  "t" }, "not both empty", such that formula_2, a ("t" − 1)-split exists such that:
I.e. if the thieves have preferences in the form of two "preference" sets "D"1 and "D"2, not both empty, there exists a ("t" − 1)-split so that thief 1 gets more beads of types in his preference set "D"1 than thief 2; thief 2 gets more beads of types in her preference set "D"2 than thief 1; and the rest are equal.
Simonyi credits Gábor Tardos with noticing that the result above is a direct generalization of Alon's original necklace theorem in the case "k" = 2. Either the necklace has a ("t" − 1)-split, or it does not. If it does, there is nothing to prove. If it does not, we may add beads of a fictitious colour to the necklace, and make "D"1 consist of the fictitious colour and "D"2 empty. Then Simonyi's result shows that there is a "t"-split with equal numbers of each real colour.
Splitting multidimensional necklaces.
The result can be generalized to "n" probability measures defined on a "d" dimensional cube with any combination of "n"("k" − 1) hyperplanes parallel to the sides for "k" thieves.

</doc>
<doc id="20417529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417529" title="Travis Brown (wide receiver)">
Travis Brown (wide receiver)

Travis VaShon Brown (born July 26, 1986, in Memphis, Tennessee) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Seattle Seahawks as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at New Mexico.
Brown has also been a member of the Cincinnati Bengals, Chicago Bears and St. Louis Rams.
Early years.
Brown was a 2004 graduate of Los Altos High School. He led his team to consecutive CIF Southern Section titles with him team going 14–0 in 2003 and 13–1 in 2002. Brown was First-team All-Conference as a senior when he caught 38 passes for 680 yards and 7 TDs. He also ran track with personal bests of 10.6 (100 meters), 21.7 (200) and 48.0 (400). He was also a three-year letterman in basketball and an honor roll student all four years with a 3.2 cumulative GPA.
College career.
Brown was a three-year starter at UNM and earned First-team All-MWC honors as a junior and senior. He finished his career with a reception in 37 consecutive games. As a senior he ha a career-high 76 catches and 1,031 receiving yards for a 13.6 yards per catch and a career-high 6 TD catches. In 2006 he earned First-team All-MWC honors after totaling 64 catches and 867 yards (13.5 avg.), career-high 4 TD catches. The previous season he started 10 of 11 games and had 35 receptions for 245 yards (7.0 avg.), including a long of 34 and 2 TDs. As a true freshman in he played in 9 games, with 2 starts and made 7 catches for 49 yards (7.0 avg.).
Professional career.
St. Louis Rams.
Brown re-signed with the St. Louis Rams on February 17, 2010. He was waived on May 4, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20417549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417549" title="List of Ukrainian football transfers winter 2008–09">
List of Ukrainian football transfers winter 2008–09

This is a list of Ukrainian football transfers in the winter transfer window 2008–09 by club. Only transfers of the Premier League, 1st League and 2nd League are included.
Premier League.
FC Arsenal Kyiv.
In:
Out:
FC Chornomorets Odessa.
In:
Out:
FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk.
In:
Out:
FC Dynamo Kyiv.
In:
Out:
FC Illychivets Mariupol.
In:
Out:
FC Karpaty Lviv.
In:
Out:
FC Kharkiv.
In:
Out:
FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih.
In:
Out:
FC Lviv.
In:
Out:
FC Metalist Kharkiv.
In:
Out:
FC Metalurh Donetsk.
In:
Out:
FC Metalurh Zaporizhya.
In:
Out:
FC Shakhtar Donetsk.
In:
Out:
SC Tavriya Simferopol.
In:
Out:
FC Vorskla Poltava.
In:
Out:
FC Zorya Luhansk.
In:
Out:
First League.
FC Desna Chernihiv.
In:
Out:
FC Dniester Ovidiopol.
In:
Out:
FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv.
In:
Out:
FC Enerhetyk Burshtyn.
In:
Out:
FC Feniks-Illychovets Kalinine.
In:
Out:
FC Helios Kharkiv.
In:
Out:
FC Ihroservice Simferopol.
In:
Out:
FC Knyazha Schaslyve.
In:
Out:
FC Krymteplitsia Molodizhne.
In:
Out:
FC Naftovyk-Ukrnafta Okhtyrka.
In:
Out:
FC Obolon Kyiv.
In:
Out:
PFC Olexandria.
In:
Out:
FSC Prykarpattya Ivano-Frankivsk.
In:
Out:
PFC Sevastopol.
In:
Out:
FC Stal Alchevsk.
In:
Out:
FC Volyn Lutsk.
In:
Out:
FC Zakarpattia Uzhhorod.
In:
Out:
Ukrainian Second League.
Druha A.
FC Arsenal Bila Tserkva.
In:
Out:
FC Bastion Illichivsk.
In:
Out:
FC Bukovyna Chernivtsi.
In:
Out:
FC CSKA Kyiv.
In:
Out:
FC Dnipro Cherkasy.
In:
Out:
FC Karpaty-2 Lviv.
In:
Out:
FC Knyazha-2 Schaslyve.
In:
Out:
FC Korosten.
In:
Out:
MFK Mykolaiv.
In:
Out:
FC Nafkom Brovary.
In:
Out:
FC Nyva Ternopil.
In:
Out:
PFC Nyva Vinnytsia.
In:
Out:
FC Obolon-2 Kyiv.
In:
Out:
FC Podillya-Khmelnytskyi.
In:
Out:
FC Ros' Bila Tserkva.
In:
Out:
FC Veres Rivne.
In:
Out:
FC Yednist' Plysky.
In:
Out:
Druha B.
FC Arsenal Kharkiv.
In:
Out:
FC Dnipro-75 Dnipropetrovsk.
In:
Out:
FC Hirnik Kryvyi Rih.
In:
Out:
FC Hirnyk-Sport Komsomolsk.
In:
Out:
FC Illichivets-2 Mariupol.
In:
Out:
FC Kremin Kremenchuk.
In:
Out:
FC Metalurh-2 Zaporizhya.
In:
Out:
FC Olkom Melitopol.
In:
Out:
FC Olimpik Donetsk.
In:
Out:
FC Poltava.
In:
Out:
PFC Sevastopol-2.
In:
Out:
FC Shakhtar Sverdlovsk.
In:
Out:
FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk.
In:
Out:
FC Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk.
In:
Out:
FC Titan Armyansk.
In:
Out:
FC Titan Donetsk.
In:
Out:
FC Sumy.
In:
Out:
FC Zirka Kirovohrad.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="20417552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417552" title="Nader Pourmand">
Nader Pourmand

Nader Pourmand is an Iranian-American biomolecular engineer. He is associate professor of biomolecular engineering and director of the Genome Sequencing Center at the University of California at Santa Cruz Baskin School of Engineering. Pourmand also leads the Biosensors and Bioelectrical Technology Group at the State of California's Center for Information Technology Research in the Interest of Society (CITRUS).
Pourmand also leads the Biosensors and Bioelectrical Technology Group at the UCSC Baskin School of Engineering. The lab's primary goal is to further develop biological and electrical technologies that aid in the study of genes and proteins. Pourmand and his team hold seventeen patents and publish in dozens of peer-reviewed scientific journals.
While at Stanford University (Stanford Genome Technology Center) between 1999 and 2008, Pourmand co-founded and directed the "Stanford startup." Xagros Technologies, Inc., a developer of technologies for genome profiling. In 2001, Pourmand won the second place $25,000 prize for Xagros Technologies in the Stanford Entrepreneur's Challenge.
Aside from publications through UCSC, Pourmand has been published in more than sixty scientific journals including the Oxford University Press, "Cancer Research", PLoS ONE 
and the "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences".

</doc>
<doc id="20417556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417556" title="Guilt (album)">
Guilt (album)

Guilt is the second studio album from Washington Heights, Manhattan rapper, Mims. The album was released on April 7, 2009.
Singles.
The first single for the album is "Move (If You Wanna)". Later, a video was shot for the single as a promotion for the album, revealing its title to be "Guilt", and premiered February 14, 2009.
Mims has stated that his song "Donkie Booty" featuring Trey Songz will not be on the album because it was leaked. Many other songs too leaked on Internet but it is not confirmed whether they were recorded for the album.
The song "Rock 'N Rollin'", produced by Jim Jonsin and featuring rapper Tech N9ne, sees the two rappers incorporate the names of several notable rock bands into their lyrics. Jake Paine of HipHopDX made a comparison, based on the concept, to GZA's "Labels", which incorporated hip hop imprints into its lyrics in a similar fashion.
The track "Love Rollercoaster" is also featured on Letoya Luckett's second album, "Lady Love".
Sales.
The album debuted at #53 on the Billboard 200, selling 12,400 copies in its first week.

</doc>
<doc id="20417566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417566" title="Cascabel chili">
Cascabel chili

The cascabel chili "(little bell)", also known as the rattle chili, is one of the Mirasol cultivars of the species "Capsicum annuum". The "rattle" and "bell" designations describe the tendency of loose seeds to rattle inside a dried cascabel when shaken. Fresh cascabel, which is 2-3 cm in diameter, is also known by the alias bola chili or chile bola (Spanish: "ball chili"). The pigmentation of the fresh chilis blends from green to red; when dried, the color darkens.
Farmers cultivate cascabel in several states throughout Mexico, including Coahuila, Durango, Guerrero, and Jalisco.

</doc>
<doc id="20417573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417573" title="Vivodina">
Vivodina

Vivodina is a village in Croatia, Karlovac County. It is first mentioned on September 22, 1321. The village is well known for a long winery tradition and that both parents of NBA Hall of Famer George Mikan descends from Vivodina near Ozalj.
Here was born Ivan Rupert Gusić, writer and the first Kajkavian translator of the Holy Gospels.

</doc>
<doc id="20417602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417602" title="1998 NECBL season">
1998 NECBL season

The 1998 NECBL season was the fifth season of the New England Collegiate Baseball League. The league expanded to seven teams with the addition of the Keene Swamp Bats of Keene, New Hampshire. The Swamp Bats were the league's first New Hampshire franchise.
In the semifinal playoff rounds, Middletown defeated Danbury 2-0, and Torrington defeated Rhode Island 2-0. In the final round, Middletown defeated Torrington 3-1 to win their second consecutive NECBL championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20417614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417614" title="Samuel Leavitt">
Samuel Leavitt

Lieut. Samuel Leavitt (1641–1707) was an early colonial settler of Exeter, New Hampshire, one of the four original towns in the colony of New Hampshire, where Leavitt later served as a delegate to the General Court as well as Lieutenant in the New Hampshire Militia, and subsequently as member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives. The recipient of large grants of land in Rockingham County, Leavitt held positions of authority within the colonial province. 
Leavitt first appeared in Exeter in 1664, where he was granted of land by the town. Three years later, in 1667, he bought a home and barn and of land from his father-in-law John Robinson. In 1668, Leavitt was granted another of land by the town, and in 1670 was granted an additional . In 1675 the records reflect that Leavitt was granted more, and a year later was granted more. In 1697 Leavitt received a grant for , and more the following year, by which time his children were receiving their own grants of land in the town.
In 1652 Samuel Leavitt's father John, then living in Hingham, Massachusetts, had been granted in Exeter, along with his father-in-law Edward Gilman Sr., and John's brothers-in-law John Gilman and Moses Gilman. (John Leavitt of Hingham married Sarah Gilman, daughter of Edward Gilman Sr.) There is no evidence that John Leavitt, father of Samuel, ever settled at Exeter – but both his sons eventually did; his son Moses Leavitt married Dorothy Dudley, daughter of Exeter's minister Dr. Samuel Dudley; his son Samuel married Mary Robinson, daughter of John Robinson, who was an early settler of Ipswich, Massachusetts and later an early Exeter settler. (Samuel and Moses Leavitt were half-brothers.)
As one of Exeter's earliest settlers, Leavitt was an early enforcer of town rules. In March 1673, for instance, he and John Wedgewood were charged with seizing any person who violated an order allowing new residents to cut 1,000 white oak pipe staves within a year. For their pains, the two were allowed to keep half the seized staves for themselves.
Samuel Leavitt eventually began to assume powerful positions within the state. In 1690 he was named to represent the town of Exeter at a convention of state deputies to assess the Province's relationship with the Massachusetts Bay Colony. (The reason for the meeting was the attempt by John Mason, the royal patentee of New Hampshire, to try to transfer his claim to a London merchant.) Leavitt is listed in this and subsequent documents as Lieutenant Samuel Leavitt, indicating that he was of some stature in the community by virtue of his leadership of the local militia. Left without a functioning government, New Hampshire voted to renew its association with Massachusetts until His Majesty's government in London was heard from.
By 1685 Leavitt was named Captain of the town's colonial militia, along with William Hilton. By March 1690 Samuel Leavitt was acting as lieutenant of Exeter's militia, reporting to Major William Vaughan of Portsmouth.
By the end of the decade Samuel Leavitt was routinely acting on behalf of the town. On April 28, 1698, for instance, he and John Wedgewood and his cousin Moses Gilman acted to affirm a land grant to two settlers next to the land of 'Mr. Edward Hilton'. In 1703 Leavitt was a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives, representing Exeter. Leavitt served in the House of Representatives again the following year.
But Leavitt's life was not entirely free of trouble. In 1684 he and his relative Moses Gilman were hauled before His Majesty's Justice of the Peace Henry Roby in Hampton and charged with disturbing the peace. 'Samuel Levett', as he is called in the original record, then called the marshall and his deputy "a couple of rogues", after which he struck the lawman, telling him that he had no power and that Leavitt would not obey his command. "The said Moses Gilman did suddenly rise up, and said that Samuel Levett should not go to prison", according to the record of the trial of the two men. In the resulting fracas, Leavitt and Gilman were eventually hauled off by the authorities. The source of the trouble had apparently been a political discussion about taxes and Royal authority in the province.
Lieut. Samuel Dudley and his wife Mary Robinson, who was born at Exeter, had 11 children. Leavitt's daughter Elizabeth married Lieut. James Dudley, grandson of Rev. Samuel Dudley, father-in-law of Samuel Leavitt's brother Moses. Elizabeth Leavitt married as her third husband Rev. John Odlin, a Harvard College-educated pastor of the church at Exeter. Lieut. Samuel Leavitt's daughter Sarah married Moses Leavitt Jr., son of Samuel Leavitt's brother Moses. Their son Dudley Leavitt became a well-known Congregationalist minister at Salem, Massachusetts. Samuel Leavitt's son James married Hannah Dudley, and died at Exeter in 1746, leaving lands to his grandson John Gilman, son of Elizabeth (Leavitt) Gilman, as well as lands to Mary (Leavitt) Tuck, another daughter. James Leavitt left to his son James his reserved pew at the Exeter meetinghouse.
Lieut. Samuel Leavitt died August 6, 1707, and was buried at Exeter. His half-brother Moses was still alive and living at Exeter.

</doc>
<doc id="20417629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417629" title=".44 Henry">
.44 Henry

The .44 Henry, also known as the .44 Rimfire, the .44 Long Rimfire, or the 11x23mmR (11x23mm rimfire) cartridge is a rimfire round that uses a -long case. The round has a total length of 1.345 inches. It uses a grain bullet with a diameter. The cartridge is loaded with 26 to 28 grains of black powder. The round has a muzzle velocity of approximately 1125 feet per second, with a muzzle energy of 568 foot pounds.
Background.
The cartridge is named in honor of Benjamin Tyler Henry, a 19th-century American gunsmith. Henry was the foreman of the New Haven Arms Company, who had been working on a new, innovative rifle and rimfire cartridge. On October 16, 1860, Henry was granted a patent for the famous Henry Repeating Rifle. Both the cartridge and the rifle were named for Henry, its inventor.
Ballistics.
The cartridge's original 200-grain bullet has a flat nose. A pointed nose was later used, with a ballistic coefficient of about 0.153, which reflects very poor long range capabilities. The .44 Henry has an arcing trajectory, making hitting a target past 200 yards almost impossible for the average shooter. Modern comparisons to the .44 Henry rifle's ballistics would include such cartridges as the 200gr .45 ACP, and 200gr .44 Special, although these latter can nearly achieve the Henry Rifle's velocity from a handgun. The resulting effective range for military or small medium game would be well under 100 yards.
Use.
The .44 Henry cartridge was used most notably in the Henry Model 1860 Repeating rifle. This rifle was used in the American Civil War, mainly by Union troops. It was also used by the very few Confederate troops who managed to capture these rifles.
After the Civil War, the Henry cartridge was used in the Winchester Model 1866 rifles during the Russo-Turkish War (1877-1878) by the Turkish Troops and in the Franco-Prussian War 1870/71 by the French.
In civilian models, Winchester Model 1866 rifles and carbines, Smith & Wesson No. 3 Revolvers, Colt Model 1860 Army Long Cylinder Conversions and the Colt Model 1871-72 “Open Top” used the same cartridge. From 1875 until 1880, Colt produced 1873 Colt Single Action Army revolvers in the Henry caliber to accommodate the owners of Henry- and Winchester Mod 1866 rifles and carbines.
Later Developments.
The cartridge casings were originally made from copper, and later in brass. The cartridge was still commercially made into the 1930s.
The .44 Henry cartridge was perfected by George R. Stetson’s U.S. Patent 120403, assigned to the Winchester Repeating Arms Company on October 31, 1871. It has as its object the use of swaged and lubricated projectiles of greater perfection in shape.

</doc>
<doc id="20417664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417664" title="Passage East">
Passage East

Passage East () is a fishing village in County Waterford, Ireland, situated on the west bank of Waterford Harbour. It is 12 km from Waterford 10 km from Dunmore East and 21 km from Tramore.
History.
On 23 August 1170, a year after Strongbow landed in Bannow, symbolising the beginning of the Norman invasion of Ireland, he returned to the country with 200 knights and 1,000 men, landing in Passage East.
Nearby are the ruins of Geneva Barracks, a one time planned utopian colony turned into a notorious prison and point of departure for thousands of rebels transported from the country for participation in the 1798 rebellion.
Beach.
Passage East has a nice long beach great for fishing with some fine specimen bass being caught, other fish being caught on the beach vary from codlin, whitting, flatfish and pollick. It is possible to walk from Passage to Woodstown when the tide is out, this is a great walk on a sunny morning to take in the views across the river towards Duncannon. Passage East also has a natural mussel bed in which you can dig for ragworm and also the beach produces good hauls of lug. Lug can be dug all the way along the coast to Woodstown.
Transport.
Car ferry.
Passage East Ferry Company Limited, which has been in operation since 1982, links the village, and County Waterford as a whole, with County Wexford, specifically the village of Ballyhack. A journey on the company's vessel, "The Tintern", which has a capacity for 28 cars, saves motorists a road journey of approximately 55 km. There has been some local concern in recent years about the level of traffic through the village generated by the car ferry.
Bus service.
Suirway operate a bus route linking Passage East to Waterford. Some buses operate via Dunmore East.
Sport.
The local GAA club, Passage GAA, concentrates on hurling. Its best known players are Sean Cullinane and Eoin Kelly. Eoin Kelly won Passage's first All-Star award in 2008. The football club associated with the Passage area is Gaultier.
Festival.
The annual Waterford Estuary Mussel Festival is held in Passage East every September.

</doc>
<doc id="20417671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417671" title="John Shebbeare">
John Shebbeare

John Shebbeare (1709–1788) was a British Tory political satirist.
Life.
He was the eldest son of an attorney and corn-factor of Bideford, Devonshire. A hundred and a village in Devon, where the family had owned land, bear their name. Shebbeare was educated at the free school, Exeter, under Zachariah Mudge, and there, it is said, "gave evidence of his future eminence in misanthropy and literature." In his sixteenth year he was apprenticed to a surgeon, and afterwards set up for himself. Having, however, lampooned both his master and the members of the Exeter corporation, he in 1736 removed to Bristol, where he later entered into partnership with a chemist. In 1740 he published "A new Analysis of the Bristol Waters; together with the Cause of Diabetes and Hectic, and their Cure, as it results from those Waters", which was reissued in 1760.
In 1752 he went to Paris, where he claimed to have obtained a medical degree, and to have been elected member of the Academy of Sciences. But he found his pen more remunerative than his practice. Settling in London, he began his career as a political writer in 1754, with "The Marriage Act", a novel, dedicated to John Russell, 4th Duke of Bedford,
one of the chief opponents of Lord Hardwicke's
reform. The author was imprisoned for his reflections on the legislature, but his
book was reissued in 1755 as "Matrimony", and reappeared in 1766. Shebbeare followed
up his success in 1756 by an attack on the Duke of Newcastle in the form of
"Letters on the English Nation, by Batista Angeloni, a Jesuit resident in London", of
which he professed to be the translator only. This political satire, modelled on Bolingbroke's writings against Robert Walpole, alone entitled
Shebbeare (in the opinion of Boswell)
to a respectable name in literature. Meanwhile
he attacked the ministry directly in
the "Monitor" and the "Con-test", as well as
in a series of outspoken pamphlets entitled
"Letters to the People of England", having,
it was said, determined to write himself into a post or into the pillory.
At the close of 1757, after Pitt's dismissal,
Shebbeare issued his sixth letter, "in which is shown that the present grandeur of France and calamities of this nation are owing to the influence of Hanover on the councils of
England." On 12 January 1758 a general warrant was issued against the author, printer,
and publisher. On 23 January all copies of a seventh "Letter" were seized and suppressed.
On 17 June Shebbeare was tried for libel on
an information laid against him by the attorney-general,
Pratt, who on this occasion
admitted the right of the jury to judge of
the law. During the trial, as Walpole
laments, Mansfield laid it down that satires
on dead kings were punishable. In summing
up he declared that the "Letter" nearly
approached high treason. On 28 Nov. Shebbeare
was sentenced to a fine and three
years' imprisonment, besides having to find
security for good behaviour for seven years.
He was also to stand in the pillory at Charing Cross on 5 Dec. Owing to the friendship
of Arthur Beardmore, the under-sheriff, he was
allowed to stand upright between the upper
and lower boards of the pillory, while an
Irish chairman held an umbrella over his
head. At the end of an hour he retired
amidst the cheers of the crowd, who had been
invited by printed bills to come and see 'the
British champion.' Beardmore was afterwards
punished for his conduct. An anonymous squib appeared
under the title "Memoirs of the Pillory; being a consolatory Epistle to Dr. Shebbeare". While in prison Shebbeare
received subscriptions for a history of England,
and actually composed one volume, which was not published. When attacked on the subject in a letter in the "Public Advertiser" of 10 Aug. 1774 he excused himself chiefly on the ground of debts incurred in consequence of a lawsuit against Francis Gwyn, who had been concerned with him in the publication of an edition of Clarendon's "History of the Reign of Charles II". The book, for which Shebbeare wrote a strong tory introduction, was suppressed by an injunction in chancery at the instance of the Duchess of Queensberry, and, though Shebbeare recovered expenses from Gwyn, half the sum went in costs. Notwithstanding his position, he refused to avail himself of the Insolvent Act. On his release he advocated peace with France, and attacked John Wilkes. On 29 Feb. 1764 a memorial signed by several members of parliament was presented to George Grenville in his favour,and Shebbeare was granted a pension of £200 a year. The king, in reply to Sir John Philips, who made the application, is said to have spoken of Shebbeare "in very favourable terms." Almon's statement that a pension of £400 had been previously granted by Bute seems doubtful. Henceforth Shebbeare became a steady advocate of the measures of the court, and even assailed his old favourite, Pitt.
His most elaborately written work was "The History of the Excellence and Decline of the Institutions, Religion, Laws, Manners, and Genius of the Sumatrans, and of the Restoration thereof in the reign of Amurath the Third", 2 vols. 1763. It is a skilful exposure of the weak points in whig policy and administration, followed by a panegyric on George III and his ministers. In style it is a colourable imitation of Bolingbroke.
On 3 Aug. 1764 Walpole sent Lord Hertford a pamphlet written by Shebbeare under Grenville's direction, adding the remark, "We do not ransack Newgate and the pillory for writers." He speaks of him as engaged with Carteret Webbe, solicitor to the treasury, in writing against Pratt, the lord chief justice, in a paper called "The Moderator". In 1766 Shebbeare offered to John Beard, the manager of Covent Garden, a play he had written in early life, and its non-production led to the publication of the correspondence between them (1767). In 1768 he wrote for three months the reviews of books in the "Political Register". In 1770 Shebbenre published an "Eighth Letter to the People of England". He defended the American policy of George III against Price and Edmund Burke in the "Public Advertiser" and elsewhere. The
former he "abused daily in the papers,"
In 1774, in reflecting on some speeches
lately delivered by Thomas Townshend
(afterwards Lord Sydney) and Councillor Lee, he took occasion to cast aspersions
on the character and reputation of William III, Algernon Sidney, and other Whig
heroes, as viewed in the light of the recently
published "Memorials" of Sir John Dalrymple. An answer appeared as
an appendix to a "Letter to Dr. Johnson on his late Political Publications", 1775, by a
"Doctor of Laws" (Hugh Baillie). Despite a
protest made by Fox in the House of Commons
on 16 Feb. 1774, the names of Johnson and Shebbeare
were usually coupled in whig pasquinades.
It was said that the king had pensioned
both a He-bear and a She-bear. In 1776 Wilkes
spoke of them as the "two famous doctors"
who were "the state hirelings called pensioners"
and whose names disgraced the civil
list." William Mason the poet,
writing under the pseudonym "Malcolm Macgregor,"
in 1777 addressed a scathing "Epistle"
to Shebbeare, as
Nor did Shebbeare's own political friends altogether
spare him. His sudden transition from pillory
to pension was glanced at in "The Expedition of Humphry Clinker", and he is the "Ferret" of Tobias Smollett's '
"Adventures of Sir Launcelot Greaves". Shebbeare
seems to have shared Johnson's dislike
to Scotsmen. He criticised adversely Smollet's
"History", and assailed the "Scotch
gentlemen criticks" of the "Critical Review",
then conducted by Smollett. In the revised edition
of the "History", however, the passage relating to Shebbeare's prosecution in 1758 is
curiously laudatory. William Hogarth, also
one of George III's pensioners, introduced
Shebbeare as one of the figures in the third
print of his "Humours of an Election" series. Frances Burney met him in
1774 at the house of Catherine Reid, a
Scottish portrait-painter, and has recorded a
specimen of his conversation in her "Early Diary". It was marked by extraordinary
coarseness, and consisted chiefly of abuse of
women and Scotsmen, whom he declared to
be "the two greatest evils upon earth." The
last production by Shebbeare was "The Pole Cat, or C. Jennings, the Renegade Schoolmaster ... Detected", 1788, 8vo.
Shebbeare died on 1 Aug. 1788 in Eaton
Street, Pimlico.
Family.
He married young and unhappily. Mrs. Shebbeare died on 25 Nov. 1779. His son John, born in 1737, matriculated at St. Mary Hall, Oxford, on 28 Oct. 1758, and graduated B.C.L. in 1765. After having been incumbent of Gaston, Norfolk, he died rector of East Horndon, Essex, on 7 Feb. 1794.
He wrote "The Ornaments of Churches considered, with particular view to the late Decoration of St. Margaret's, Westminster".
Works.
Shebbeare's writings generally are vigorous and well informed, and in scurrility go little, if at all, beyond those of the chief polemical writers of the day. Walpole admitted that his pen was "not without force," and Boswell, who was introduced to him by General James Oglethorpe, thought "his knowledge and abilities much above the class of ordinary writers." Besides the works mentioned, he published:
Also the following medical works:
The full list given in the "European Magazine" numbers thirty-five pieces. William Wadd ("Nugæ Chirurgicæ") wrongly attributes to Shebbeare Charles Johnstone s "Chrysal, or the Adventures of a Guinea". "The Memoirs of a Lady of Quality", written by the Viscountess Vane and introduced into "Peregrine Pickle" by Smollett, has also
been erroneously assigned to him.

</doc>
<doc id="20417692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417692" title="Redmond Herrity">
Redmond Herrity

Redmond Herrity () is an Irish sculptor from Letterkenny, County Donegal.
Herrity was inspired by street sculptors in India during a visit there in 1997. He later visited Australia where he got to work with stone for the first time. He returned from his tour of the world in 1999. He completed a one year course at the Leitrim Sculpture Centre in 2001. He graduated with a diploma in stone carving and bronze making. Herrity has held exhibitions of his work in various countries throughout the world. To increase his sculpting knowledge he visited Carrara in Italy.
Works on display.
His works include the Celtic Cross in Letterkenny. He came to the attention of the national media for his sculpture of Our Lady, which can be seen in St Mary's Church, Rasharkin, County Antrim. He also constructed the memorial to the Miami Showband which is located at the Hugh Lane Gallery on Parnell Square. He was thanked by former Taoiseach Bertie Ahern for this piece of work. 

</doc>
<doc id="20417728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417728" title="Cliff Beverley">
Cliff Beverley

Cliff Beverley (born 25 March 1977 in New Zealand) is a former professional rugby league player. His preferred position was Five Eighth, although he was somewhat of a utility and spent considerable time at fullback.
Early years.
A junior from the Glenora club, his childhood hero was Wally Lewis. Beverley played in the 1995 Lion Red Cup for the Waitakere City Raiders. He also represented Auckland in the 1998 domestic season and Auckland North in 1999.
Warriors.
Beverley signed for the then Auckland Warriors in 1999. He made his debut in round four, replacing an injured Matthew Ridge. He played 44 National Rugby League games for the club, half of them from the bench.
England.
In 2001 Beverley moved to England to play for the Barrow Raiders in the National League. He then transferred to the Salford City Reds in 2002. Here he topped the try-scoring list, scoring 38 tries, and helped the club win the National League One grand final and promotion to the Super League. After receiving interest from several bigger Super League clubs including Hull and St. Helens he decided to remain at Salford to help them succeed in the top division. He remained with the club for two more years, playing 48 Super League games.
Later years.
He returned to New Zealand at the end of the 2005 season citing home sickness. He then joined the new Waitakere Rangers franchise in the Bartercard Cup before retiring at the end of 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20417730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417730" title="Karl Bissinger">
Karl Bissinger

Karl Bissinger (1914 – November 19, 2008) was an American photographer best known for his portraits of notable figures in the world of art following World War II.
Biography.
Early years.
Karl Bissinger was born in Cincinnati, Ohio in 1914. He studied art at the Cincinnati Art Museum as a high school and moved to Manhattan, where he studied painting at the Art Students League of New York.
Career.
Bissinger's first connection to photography was when he was a stylist for the studios of Condé Nast Publications, where he developed relationships with some of the portrait and fashion photographers on staff, which included Cecil Beaton, George Hoyningen-Huene, Irving Penn and John Rawlings. He was part of group that shared a residence on Fire Island with Richard Avedon, who lent him a camera and encouraged him to take pictures. His first photographic subjects were Avedon's wife and author James Baldwin.
His first assignment as a photographer was for "Junior Bazaar" and he started taking portraits and doing fashion shoots for "Harper's Bazaar", "Theater Arts", "Town & Country" and "Vogue". He was staff photographer for the 12-issue lifespan of the magazine "Flair", edited by Fleur Cowles, the Duke and Duchess of Windsor, Gary Cooper, John Ford, Katharine Hepburn and John Wayne.
Bissinger developed an interest in the arts scene, photographing Truman Capote on the set of a film in Paris and Marlon Brando in front of a window in his New York City apartment. A 1949 photograph taken at a table in the garden of Manhattan's Café Nicholson of the up-and-coming in the arts world included artist Buffie Johnson, ballerina Tanaquil LeClercq, author Gore Vidal, playwright Tennessee Williams and novelist Donald Windham, in what "The New York Times" described as "a class picture of the young and the talented in the American arts, more than ready for their close-ups". Café Nicholson, which he created with Johnny Nicholson, who had worked with him as a window-dresser at Lord & Taylor earlier in his career, was the frequent setting of his photographs.
Later years.
Bissinger left photography as a profession in the 1950s and developed a focus on political issues, becoming involved in a number of peace organizations. He met Julian Beck and Judith Malina, founders of The Living Theatre, at a demonstration in the early 1960s and would take photos of the company's performances. He became a draft counselor during the Vietnam War, working full-time at the Greenwich Village Peace Center, providing guidance on avoiding being drafted for military service. He became an active member of the War Resisters League, advocating for nuclear disarmament.
Death and legacy.
Bissinger died at age 94 on November 19, 2008 in his Manhattan home at Westbeth Artists Community. A cause of death was not immediately disclosed.

</doc>
<doc id="20417735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417735" title="Ichthyosis follicularis with alopecia and photophobia syndrome">
Ichthyosis follicularis with alopecia and photophobia syndrome

IFAP syndrome is an extremely rare genetic syndrome. It is also known as Ichthyosis follicularis, alopecia, and photophobia syndrome or simply ichthyosis follicularis. It is extremely rare: there were only 10 known cases (all male) in 1998.
Symptoms.
The main symptoms are given by its name: dry, scaly skin (ichthyosis), absence of hair (atrichia) and excessive sensitivity to light (photophobia). Additional features include short stature, mental retardation, seizures and a tendency for respiratory infections.
Genetics.
Most cases are X-linked recessive but there may be as many as three types. As well as a classical X-linked form, there is another type where females are partially affected and another where females have full IFAP symptoms. The gene or genes causing this disease are not known.
Diagnosis.
Diagnosis is based on appearance and family history. KID syndrome or keratosis follicularis spinulosa decalvans have some similar symptoms and must be eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="20417739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417739" title="His Best – The Electric B. B. King">
His Best – The Electric B. B. King

His Best — The Electric B.B. King is a 1968 album by B.B. King. Two songs from the album, "The B.B. Jones" and "You Put It on Me", are from the motion picture soundtrack for the film "For Love of Ivy".

</doc>
<doc id="20417741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417741" title="James O. Browning">
James O. Browning

James Oren Browning (born 1956) is a federal judge for the United States District Court for the District of New Mexico. 
Browning was born in Levelland, Texas, and grew up mainly in New Mexico. He received a B.A. from Yale University in political science in 1978, graduating magna cum laude. While at Yale, Browning played varsity football. He then earned a J.D. from the University of Virginia Law School in 1981. In law school, he was Editor in Chief of the Virginia Law Review. He is a member of the Raven Society and the Order of the Coif. 
After law school, Browning served as law clerk to Judge Collins J. Seitz on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit from 1981 to 1982, and then clerked for Justice Lewis F. Powell of the Supreme Court of the United States from 1982 to 1983. After finishing his judicial clerkships, Browning returned to New Mexico and began working at the law firm Rodey, Dickason, Sloan, Akin, & Robb. He was a Deputy attorney general of New Mexico Department of Justice from 1987 to 1988. Afterwards, he returned to private practice at Rodey, Dickason, Sloan, Akin, & Robb. In 1990, he formed his own law firm, Browning & Peifier, P.A. He continued to practice at Browning & Peifer until his appointment to the federal bench in 2003.
Browning was then made a federal judge on the United States District Court for the District of New Mexico. He was nominated by President George W. Bush on April 28, 2003, to a seat vacated by C. Leroy Hansen. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on July 31, 2003, and received commission on August 1, 2003. 

</doc>
<doc id="20417743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417743" title="Rough Town">
Rough Town

Rough Town is a 1994 album recorded by French singer Johnny Hallyday. It is entirely written in English-language to win over the anglophone countries. It was released in September 1994 and achieved success in France, where it debuted at the top of the charts on October 2, 1994, but dropped just after and stayed for nine weeks on the chart (top 50). It provided two singles in France, "I Wanna Make Love To You" (#18) and "Love Affair" (#35), a duet with Kathy Mattea. The album was also released in Germany, but was unsuccessful in this country. The video for "Love Affair" was directed by Dani Jacobs, filmed in Nashville and features Johnny and Kathy Mattea who duets on this track.
Track listing.
Source : "Allmusic".

</doc>
<doc id="20417759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417759" title="41 Commando">
41 Commando

41 Commando or No. 41 (Royal Marine) Commando was a unit of Royal Marines trained as Commandos during the Second World War. They were part of the all Royal Marine 4th Special Service Brigade that took part in the Normandy Landings in June 1944 and later that served in World War II, the Korean War, and in Northern Ireland. They were disbanded in 1981.
Second World War.
The early Commando units in the Second World War were all from the British Army but by February 1942, the Royal Marines were asked to organise Commando units of their own, and 6,000 men volunteered.
'B' (RM) Commando was raised at Pembroke Dock on 7 October 1942, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel P W O'H.Phibbs, from the men of the 8th Royal Marine Battalion. It was the second Royal Marine commando battalion formed after its sister 'A' (RM) Commando. Both commandos were based on the Isle of Wight and soon after the commando was renamed No. 41 (Royal Marine) Commando. It fought with the Special Service Brigade in the invasion of Sicily and at Salerno, where they suffered heavy casualties including two second-in-command's and most of the Troop Commanders. The Unit's Chaplain, the Revd John Wallis RN, was awarded the DSC for "outstanding courage and devotion to duty shown ... in tending the wounded and bringing in casualties under heavy fire from the Enemy". The Unit returned to the United Kingdom in January 1944, in preparation for the Normandy landings. It was part of the 4th Special Service Brigade and landed at Normandy on 6 June 1944. It later took part in the battle of the Scheldt in November 1944. It then served on the Maas River for the remainder of the war and then occupation duties in Germany. On 20 January 1946 the commando was disbanded.
41 (Independent) Commando.
During the Korean War 41 Commando was reconstituted as 41 (Independent) Commando following a request from the United Nations Command for more amphibious raiding forces. The "Independent" designation meant that their commander had sole responsibility for their unit and did not have to consult with higher headquarters on operational and logistical matters. On 16 August 1950 219 Royal Marine volunteers were assembled in Bickleigh then the Commando School. They were commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Douglas B. Drysdale DSO, MBE an experienced World War II Commando veteran who was the Chief Instructor at the Royal Marines Officer school.
The Commandos travelled to Japan in civilian clothes, with most of the civilian clothing issued by the Admiralty. The unit received more volunteers en route from 3 Commando Brigade involved in the Malayan Emergency. Arriving in Japan on 15 September 1950, the Commandos were issued American winter uniforms and weapons but retained their green berets, battle dress and boots. The first mission of the unit was in October where the Commandos embarked on two American high speed transports the USS Horace A. Bass (APD-124) and USS Wantuck (APD-125) supported by the destroyer USS De Haven (DD-727), where they executed a series of raids on the North Korean coast near Wonsan to disrupt North Korean transportation facilities.
On 10 November 1950, 41 (Independent) Commando joined the United Nations advance in North Korea where they served with the United States Marine Corps; the second time the two organisations had served together, the first being the Boxer Rebellion. During the Battle of Chosin Reservoir Lt. Col. Drysdale was given command of a 900 man unit of his own Commando, American, and South Korean forces called Task Force Drysdale. Their hard fighting together with the American Marines and Army led to 41 Independent Commando being awarded the American Presidential Unit Citation that the 1st Marine Division earned. However it was not awarded until 1957.
The Commando reformed in Japan and in April 1951 were assigned to what eventually became the 1st Commonwealth Division. They raided the North Korean coast with the Republic of Korea Marine Corps until 41 Commando returned to England in December 1951; those who had served less than a year in the commando were drafted into 42 Commando operating in Malaya. They were disbanded in on 2 February 1951, the Commando having 31 Marines killed and 17 captured with one Royal Marine choosing to stay in North Korea, who returned to the UK in 1960.
Post Korean War.
In 1960 41 Commando was reformed as part of the United Kingdom's Strategic Reserve. The Commando served in various places throughout the world. These included East Africa in 1964, while in 1969 they were the first R.M.Commando to participate in operations in Northern Ireland.
In 1971 they were stationed in Malta, and in 1974 together with 40 Commando they took part in United Nations operation in Cyprus following the Turkish invasion. In 1977 they left Malta and in 1979 carried out public duties in London. In 1981, then based at Deal, Kent they were disbanded again.
Battle honours.
The following Battle honours were awarded to the British Commandos during the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="20417761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417761" title="Rolls-Royce RB162">
Rolls-Royce RB162

The Rolls-Royce RB.162 was a simply constructed and lightweight British turbojet engine produced by Rolls-Royce Limited. Developed in the early 1960s, it was specially designed for use as a lift engine for VTOL aircraft but was also used in a later variant of the Hawker Siddeley Trident airliner as an auxiliary boost engine. A smaller related variant, the RB.181 remained a design project only, as did a turbofan version designated RB.175.
Design and development.
The RB.162 was designed to meet an anticipated need for a lift engine to power VTOL aircraft with the emphasis on simplicity, durability and lightweight construction. Development costs were shared by Britain, France and Germany after signing a joint memorandum of agreement. The engine featured fibre glass compressor casings and plastic compressor blades to save weight which also had the effect of reducing production costs. The engine has no oil system, a metered dose of oil instead being injected into the two main bearings by the compressed air used to turn the compressor at startup. Although the RB.162 was a successful design the expected large VTOL aircraft market did not materialise and the engine was only produced in limited numbers.
Development for the Trident.
In 1966 British European Airways (BEA) had a requirement for an extended range aircraft to serve Mediterranean destinations. After a plan to operate a mixed fleet of Boeing 727 and 737 aircraft was not approved by the British Government Hawker Siddeley offered BEA a stretched and improved performance version of the Trident that they were already operating. This variant, the Trident 3B, used, in addition to its three Rolls-Royce Spey turbofan engines, a centrally mounted RB.162-86 which was used for takeoff and climb in the hot prevailing conditions of the Mediterranean area. The 'boost' engine was shut down for cruising flight. Some conversion was needed for the change from vertical to horizontal installation. With the RB.162 fitted the Trident 3B had a 15% increase in thrust over the earlier variants for an engine weight penalty of only 5%.
RB.175 and 181.
A design study for a turbofan version of the RB.162 was designated RB.175. Another projected derivative, the RB.181 was to be a scaled down version of the RB.162 producing approximately 2,000 lbs of thrust. Seven of these lift engines were to power the unbuilt Lockheed/Short Brothers CL-704 VTOL variant of the F-104 Starfighter.

</doc>
<doc id="20417780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417780" title="Solange Charest">
Solange Charest

Solange Charest (born August 3, 1950 in Amqui, Quebec) is a Quebec politician. She was a Member of the National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Rimouski from 1994 to 2007, representing the Parti Québécois.

</doc>
<doc id="20417798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417798" title="Gregory Day">
Gregory Day

Gregory Day is an Australian novelist, poet and songwriter. 
Life.
Gregory Day is a writer, poet and musician based in Victoria, Australia. He is a founding director of the art, music & publishing collective, "Merrijig Word & Sound Co." http://www.merrijigwordandsound.com/

</doc>
<doc id="20417810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417810" title="62nd Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry">
62nd Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry

The 62nd Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment being raised to serve in the Union Army during the American Civil War. The war ended before the unit was complete.
History.
Returning from his command of the 60th Massachusetts Infantry, Colonel Ansel D Wass began to raise another infantry regiment at Readville, Massachusetts for one year's service. With the last companies of the 61st Massachusetts Infantry leaving camp in early March 1865, new recruits began forming another regiment. Between March and 11 April 1865, four companies had been mustered in when General Lee's surrender stopped the organization. The volunteers remained in camp until 5 May, when they were mustered out of service.
Casualties.
From a complement of 405 men, two died from disease, while eight others deserted.

</doc>
<doc id="20417812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417812" title="Agate House Pueblo">
Agate House Pueblo

Agate House is a partially reconstructed Puebloan building in Petrified Forest National Park, built almost entirely of petrified wood. The eight-room pueblo has been dated to approximately the year 900 and occupied through 1200, of the Pueblo II and Pueblo III periods. The agatized wood was laid in a clay mortar, in lieu of the more usual sandstone-and-mortar masonry of the area.
The ruins of Agate House were reconstructed by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1933-34 under the direction of C.B. Cosgrove Jr. of the New Mexico Laboratory of Anthropology. Room 7 was fully reconstructed with a new roof. Room 2's walls were rebuilt to a height of five feet, but not roofed, and the remaining walls were rebuilt to a height of two or three feet.

</doc>
<doc id="20417839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417839" title="Blood in the Water (novel)">
Blood in the Water (novel)

Blood in the Water is a crime novel by Gillian Galbraith. Published in 2007, it is the first of the Alice Rice Mysteries. The protagonist of the series is Alice Rice, a police detective in Edinburgh, Scotland.
"Blood in the Water" is followed by "Where the Shadow Falls" (2008), "Dying of the Light" (2009), and "No Sorrow to Die" (2010).

</doc>
<doc id="20417841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417841" title="Reputation.com">
Reputation.com

Reputation.com (formerly ReputationDefender) is a company based in Redwood City, California that offers online reputation management (ORM) and internet privacy services. Company CEO Michael Fertik has criticized review websites that don't monitor comments or require users to register.
History.
ReputationDefender was established in 2006 with a purported focus of helping parents protect their children from damaging their reputations through embarrassing postings on social media websites and later expanded to add similar services for adults. Its services included monitoring of web content about their clients. When damaging content was found, the company tried to get it removed from the offending websites through methods such as sending letters to the site owners asking them to remove the content. In 2006, Susan Crawford, a cyberlaw specialist on the faculty of Cardozo Law School, commented that when contacted in that fashion, "most people will take materials down just to avoid the hassle of dealing with possible litigation." 
Fertik told an interviewer that the company's methods did not work with all types of web content, noting that "some clients and prospective clients would like us to get news articles in major publications or court records removed from the internet," but his company must "tell them that these requests are extremely difficult to fulfill and sometimes impossible." In general, he said that the company was sensitive to First Amendment issues, and would not go after "genuinely newsworthy speech." In a 2007 article, "Business Week" reported that ReputationDefender was offering businesses a "$10,000 premium service ... that can promote the info you want and suppress the news you don't," primarily by manipulating search-engine results.
Name change.
In January 2010, the company announced that it was changing its name from ReputationDefender to Reputation.com, saying that the new name communicates that the company had expanded it services "beyond the 'defensive' and onto the 'proactive' face of reputation and privacy management." The page for ReputationDefender software advises, "High-ranking negative content can damage your reputation online. We push negative links down by creating and promoting accurate and truthful content."
On September 1, 2010, the World Economic Forum announced the company as a Technology Pioneer for 2011.
A February 2012 report in "Bloomberg Businessweek" called Reputation.com "the most prominent player" in online reputation management, but noted that the company, and others in the field, are having difficulty controlling their own online search profiles. The company charges its customers at least $1000 a year for its service.
Technology and patents.
In 2012, Reputation.com received multiple patents related to its development of reputation science technologies. Some of the company’s patented software includes scoring systems used to identify consumer information and generate reputation scores for individuals. The technology outlined in other patents has centered on persona isolation, sentiment analysis, and privacy protection.
Current Reputation.com technologies include privacy related systems that locate websites where an individual’s personal data is unknowingly listed. These systems also attempt to delist the data. There is also review technology that allows businesses to track online reviews and reach out to customers in order to proactively gather reviews.
Nikki Catsouras controversy.
The company received publicity in the United States when it managed to remove death photographs of Nikki Catsouras from about 300 of some 400 Internet sites hosting them. The photos spread to new sites with a Streisand effect, and Fertik acknowledged their removal as "a virtually unwinnable battle".
In a 2009 paper in the "Harvard Journal of Law & Gender", law professor Ann Bartow accused ReputationDefender of "energetically exploiting online harassment of women to garner extensive national publicity." 

</doc>
<doc id="20417848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417848" title="Ludwig Vorgrimler">
Ludwig Vorgrimler

Dr. Ludwig Vorgrimler (Born September 7, 1912 in Freiburg, Germany; died February, 23, 1983) is the man most commonly associated with the design of the Spanish CETME rifle, and its prolific roller-delayed offspring from the German gunmaker Heckler & Koch such as the G3 and MP5.
Early career.
Vorgrimler worked as an engineer for several arms manufacturers over his long career. He briefly worked for the Krupp factory from January to November, 1936. From there, he was recruited by Ott von Lossnitzer, the director of Mauser Werke's Weapons Research Institute and Weapons Development Group. Vorgrimler remained with Mauser until August 1945. He was ultimately assigned to Department 37, which was responsible for military small arms up to 15 mm in caliber. Vorgrimler eventually led the sub-department in charge of aircraft weapon construction. By January 1944, Vorgrimler was ordered to design a heavy machinegun using the roller-delayed blowback operating system then under development for military rifles. In response, Vorgrimler attempted to convert the gas-operated roller-locked MG215 to the roller-delayed system. Work was not completed by the end of the Second World War. Vorgrimler would later claim that he participated in the development of the MG45, a conversion of the roller-locked MG42 to roller-delayed operation.
After World War II.
After the war ended, Mauser's Department 37 development group was placed under control of the French War Department's armament group, Direction des Etudes et Fabrication d'Armament (DEFA). The Mauser factory was renamed the DEFA Development Center, Oberndorf. The French continued work there through 1946, when workers and equipment began to be transferred to the Mulhouse area of Alsace. This became the Centre d'Etudes et d'Armament de Mulhouse (CEAM). The transfer of operations to Mulhouse was complete by March 1948. In February 1948, Vorgrimler and fellow Mauser engineer Theodor Löffler were assigned the development of roller-delayed carbines for the French. They worked separately on carbines for the experimental 7.65x35mm cartridge, developed by Cartoucherie de Valence. Their carbines were patterned upon the prototype StG45, which had been under development at Mauser prior to the end of the war. The French ultimately abandoned their 7.65×35mm cartridge in favor of the US .30 Carbine cartridge. Vorgrimler and Löffler then went to work on roller delayed carbines for the latter cartridge. Ultimately, Löffler's designs won out. Vorgrimler then devoted his efforts to improving Löffler's designs. Eventually, Vorgrimler tired of this and left CEAM at the end of June, 1950.
Vorgrimler was recruited to work for CETME in Spain. The French initially attempted to prevent him from leaving the country, but Vorgrimler and family were allowed to move to Madrid in September 1950. Once there, Vorgrimler went to work on a roller-delayed rifle chambered for the experimental 7.92×40mm cartridge. Former Rheinmetall engineers led by Hartmut Menneking already had a nine month head start on the gas-operated Modelo 1, but Vorgrimler and his team of former Mauser engineers had their own Modelo 2 prototype ready by December 1950. The Spanish government selected the Modelo 2 for continued development in July, 1952.
CETME Modelo B.
Beside the interest at home in Spain, the Modelo 2 attracted a lot of attention from the West German Border Guards (Bundesgrenzschutz), which sought a new service rifle. Not willing to accept a cartridge outside of the NATO specification, the Germans asked CETME to develop a 7.62 mm version of the rifle. Misunderstanding the German request, CETME developed a 7.62 mm version of the 7.92x40mm cartridge. The Germans then had to explain that they wanted a version chambered for the standard 7.62x51mm NATO. Instead, the resulting CETME Modelo A was chambered for the 7.62x51mm CETME cartridge, which had identical chamber dimensions but a reduced-power load compared to the standard NATO round. Further development of the rifle produced the CETME Modelo B, which had been "improved" with the help of Heckler & Koch, receiving several modifications including the ability to fire from a closed bolt in both semi-automatic and automatic firing modes, a new perforated sheet-metal handguard (the folding bipod had been the foregrip in previous models), improved ergonomics, and a slightly longer barrel with a rifle grenade launcher mount. In 1958, this rifle was introduced into service with the Spanish Army as the Modelo 58. For his efforts in developing the rifle, Vorgrimler was awarded the Encomienda de Alfonso X el Sabio.
In 1956, the Bundesgrenzschutz canceled its planned procurement of the CETME rifles, adopting the FN FAL (G1) instead. However, the newly formed West German Army (Bundeswehr) now displayed interest and soon purchased a number of CETME rifles for further testing. The CETME, known as the "Automatisches Gewehr" G3, competed successfully against the SIG SG 510 (G2) and AR-10 (G4) to replace the previously favored G1 rifle. In January 1959, the Bundeswehr officially adopted the CETME rifle. The CETME design was licensed by the West German government, and production was transferred to German manufacturers, Heckler & Koch and Rheinmetall. Heckler & Koch would go on to develop an entire family of weapons based on the G3, including the HK33 rifle, HK21 machine gun, and MP5 submachinegun.
Later years.
In the summer of 1956, Vorgrimler moved back to West Germany. Despite the recruiting efforts of Heckler & Koch engineering director (and former Mauser Department 37 colleague) Alex Seidel, Vorgrimler returned to work at Mauser as the head of research and development. By then, Mauser and CETME had entered a working alliance. Soon after, Vorgrimler developed a companion machinegun based on the CETME rifle design. While commercially unsuccessful, it inspired Heckler & Koch's HK21 introduced years later. 
Vorgrimler continued to be granted patents for his work throughout the 1960s and 70s. This included work on commercial sporting rifles, caseless infantry rifles, and an automatic cannon with Mauser and Industriewerke Karlsruhe.

</doc>
<doc id="20417860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417860" title="Morris Lake (Nova Scotia)">
Morris Lake (Nova Scotia)

Morris Lake is a long shallow lake in Nova Scotia's Halifax Regional Municipality bordering the communities of Dartmouth, Shearwater and Cole Harbour.
The lake is bounded by Shearwater and Portland Estates on the west, Cole Harbour on the east and south, and Portland Hills on the north. The shoreline is mostly developed on the northwest end. The Imperial Oil Refinery on the shore of Halifax Harbour draws water from the lake for cooling. CFB Shearwater also uses a portion of the lake for helicopter practice manoeuvres and it also maintains a small recreational beach.

</doc>
<doc id="20417884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417884" title="Battle of Llandeilo Fawr">
Battle of Llandeilo Fawr

The Battle of Llandeilo Fawr was a battle that took place during the conquest of Wales by Edward I, at Llandeilo between an English army led by Gilbert de Clare, 6th Earl of Hertford and a south Welsh army.
Background.
During the 1282 Welsh war, Edward I had a plan to strike his armies into Wales on three fronts in order to surround the armies of Llywelyn ap Gruffydd and destroy them. Edward sent Gilbert de Clare and his army to subdue and hold down the southern areas of Wales while other armies would invade other parts of the principality.
The battle.
Gilbert de Clare with an army of around 1600 infantry and 100 cavalrymen had successfully captured Carreg Cennen Castle from the Welsh. Following their victory, the men sacked the castle, and on the 17th of June they headed back to the nearby English settlement- Dinefwr Castle to stash the spoils. However along the way de Clare and his men were ambushed by Welsh troops, and much of the army was destroyed.
Aftermath.
The battle was a great victory for the Welsh. English expansion into south Wales was halted for a few weeks and Edward's plans of an attack on multiple fronts was somewhat spoiled. Among the dead was the son of William de Valence, 1st Earl of Pembroke. Following the defeat, Edward relieved de Clare of his command and replaced him with de Valence who was now determined following the death of his son.

</doc>
<doc id="20417891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417891" title="Kilpatrick Hills">
Kilpatrick Hills

The Kilpatrick Hills are a range of hills in central Scotland, stretching from Dumbarton in the west to Strathblane in the east. Strathblane divides the Kilpatricks from the Campsie Fells to the east, while to the north is part of the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park. To west and south the hills are fringed by the settlements of Balloch, Dumbarton, Milton, Bowling, Old Kilpatrick, Clydebank, Bearsden and Milngavie. The majority of the range is within West Dunbartonshire, although it extends into the East Dunbartonshire and Stirling areas.
The highest points in the range are Duncolm () and Fynloch (). The Kilpatricks offer a number of viewpoints and places of interest: among the best known are Doughnot Hill and The Whangie. The area features several reservoirs. 
The hills are of volcanic origin, modified by subsequent glaciation. 
Geology.
<br><br>The Kilpatrick Hills are a part of the Clyde Plateau Lavas. These are about 340 million years old. Basaltic types of rocks (lavas, tuffs and agglomerates) predominate here. These are produced by denudation of the successive flows.
The Whangie in the north of the Kilpatricks is of particular interest to geologists and casual walkers alike. It consists of a slice of the hillside that has been separated from the main slope. This has created a narrow chasm up to high and about in length through which visitors can walk. It has commonly been explained as result of glacial plucking, but more recent research indicates that a translational landslide was the cause. During an ice age, a glacier slowly undermined the crag, opening up cracks in the rock and causing this chasm to form.
The etymology of the Whangie's name is obscure but it might derive from the old Scots for slice (as in "whang o' cheese"). Local folklore suggests that it was created by the devil flicking his tail as he flew past.
Archaeological sites.
There are several archaeological sites on the south-facing slopes of the hills. The chambered cairn at Carnhowit is situated on the plateau top near the edge of Cochno Loch, at a height of . There are three other cairns, which may be from the bronze age period. One known as Maidens Paps is nearby, just to the east of Jaw Reservoir which abuts Cochno Loch. Both it and another cairn on Cochno Hill are at a height of about , and the third cairn is sited at Wester Duntiglennan at approximately height. Cists have been found at Cochno and Duntocher, and on the slopes below several groups of cup and ring marks have been found on outcrops, mostly around Auchnacraig and Whitehill, with other groups further west along the slopes to above Bowling, West Dunbartonshire.
Topology and toponymy.
The hills are named after the village of Old Kilpatrick, which lies at their southern foot. The following table lists summits over . Duncolm, the highest point of the range, is also the only Marilyn in the Kilpatricks, having a relative height of over .

</doc>
<doc id="20417901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417901" title="Antônio Augusto Cançado Trindade">
Antônio Augusto Cançado Trindade

Antônio Augusto Cançado Trindade (born 17 September 1947 in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil) is a Brazilian judge on the International Court of Justice, based in The Hague (Den Haag), Netherlands, a position he has held since 6 February 2009. Cançado Trindade is a professor at Utrecht University's Netherlands Institute of Human Rights(SIM )
Education and career.
His professional appointments and academic titles include:
Trindade has been a lecturer at the Hague Academy of International Law, the OAS Inter-American Juridical Committee’s Courses, the International Institute of Human Rights (Strasbourg) and at the Inter-American Institute of Human Rights (San José, Costa Rica). He has been a visiting professor at various universities, among them Columbia University (1st semester 1998) and Institute of Higher International Studies (Panthéon-Assas University, sessions of 1988-1989). He is currently a member of the Curatorium of The Hague Academy of International Law.
Prior to his appointment to the World Court, he was president of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights and has had several positions in important international organizations. Trindade is the author of several books and publications on international law.
Apart from his native Portuguese, he is fluent in French, Spanish, and English, and understands German and Italian. He has also received the "Honoris Causa Doctor" title from the Central University ("Universidad Central de Chile"), National University of La Plata ("Universidad Nacional de La Plata"), American University of Paraguay ("Universidad Americana do Paraguai"), Pontifical Catholic University of Peru ("Pontificia Universidad Catolica do Peru"), and the "Honoris Causa Professor" title from Rosario University of Bogota ("Universidad del Rosario de Bogotá") and Main National University of San Marcos ("Universidade Nacional Mayor de San Marcos").

</doc>
<doc id="20417930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417930" title="All Bar Luke">
All Bar Luke

All Bar Luke is a radio series written and performed by comedian and poet Tim Key and produced by Seb Barwell. It was first broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in 2007. 
Description.
"All Bar Luke" consists of 15 minute monologues, where the voice heard is that of Luke Walsall. Luke never addresses the audience directly, but the narrative is built from overhearing his side of conversations with other people, including his mum, his friends and his brother. 
"All Bar Luke" has been described by the writer as "...the chronicles of a hapless divboy, condemned to live on the outskirts of a morally bankrupt friendship group."
The theme tune for All Bar Luke is She's a Rainbow by The Rolling Stones.
Reviews.
"All Bar Luke" received a review from Zoe Williams in "The Guardian" in which she commended the writing and delivery, describing the writing as "terribly acute, and of course very funny".
another review [http://www.comedy.co.uk/guide/radio/all_bar_luke/]

</doc>
<doc id="20417949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417949" title="Islamic Azad University of Parand">
Islamic Azad University of Parand

Parand Azad University is a large university located near Tehran, Iran. The university focuses on IT Engineering, Civil Engineering and Mechanical Engineering and Industrial Engineering and cellular and molecular biology. This university is one of the best universities of Iran in Industrial Engineering, Biology and Computer Engineering.
parand will be an international university in the future .

</doc>
<doc id="20417967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417967" title="Mountain peaks of the Caribbean">
Mountain peaks of the Caribbean

This article comprises three sortable tables of major mountain peaks of the islands of the Caribbean Sea.
Topographic elevation is the vertical distance above the reference geoid, a precise mathematical model of the Earth's sea level as an equipotential gravitational surface. Topographic prominence is the elevation difference between the summit and the highest or key col to a higher summit. Topographic isolation is the minimum great circle distance to a point of higher elevation.
This article defines a significant summit as a summit with at least 100 meters (328.1 feet) of topographic prominence, and a major summit as a summit with at least 500 meters (1640.4 feet) of topographic prominence. An ultra-prominent summit is a summit with at least 1500 meters (4921.3 feet) of topographic prominence. There are seven ultra-prominent summits in the Caribbean.
Highest major summits.
The following sortable table lists the 15 highest mountain peaks of the Caribbean with at least 500 meters (1640.4 feet) of topographic prominence.
Most prominent summits.
The following sortable table lists the 15 most topographically prominent mountain peaks of the Caribbean.
The first seven of these summits each have at least 1500 meters (4921.3 feet) of topographic prominence. See the List of Ultras in the Caribbean for a table of the seven summits with at least 1500 meters of topographic prominence.
Most isolated major summits.
The following sortable table lists the 15 most topographically isolated mountain peaks of the Caribbean with at least 500 meters (1640.4 feet) of topographic prominence.
The first 14 of these summits each have at least 100 kilometers (62.14 miles) of topographic isolation and at least 500 meters (1640.4 feet) of topographic prominence.

</doc>
<doc id="20417986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20417986" title="Pleurobranchus forskalii">
Pleurobranchus forskalii

Pleurobranchus forskalii is a species of side-gill sea slug, a notaspidean, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurobranchidae.
The specific name was coined in honor of Peter Forsskål.
Distribution.
This species occurs in:

</doc>
<doc id="20418000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418000" title="ICD Business School">
ICD Business School

ICD (International College Dublin) Business School is a Business School located in the heart of Dublin Ireland. The college runs a number of Higher National Diploma courses validated by the UK based Edexcel as well as a number of Undergraduate degree courses validated by the Irish governments Higher Education and Training Awards Council(HETAC).
The Accounting and Finance and Business studies degrees are at level 8 on the National Framework of Qualifications. Part-time students of the undergraduate degrees are also entitled to tax relief from revenue. The Accounting and Finance degree are entitles to exemptions from a number of exams for the ACCA professional accountancy body (F1-F9).
Courses.
ICD also runs a Certificate in Marketing for the Marketing Institute of Ireland. 
Irish school leavers can now apply for the Level 8 BA degree programmes via the Irish governments CAO application system.

</doc>
<doc id="20418001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418001" title="1999 NECBL season">
1999 NECBL season

The 1999 NECBL season was the sixth season of the New England Collegiate Baseball League. The league expanded to eight franchises with the addition of the Rhode Island Gulls, the league's second franchise in the New England state of Rhode Island.
In the semifinal playoff rounds, Danbury defeated Keene 2-1, and Middletown defeated Rhode Island (Reds) 2-1. In the final round, Middletown defeated Danbury 3-1 to win their third consecutive NECBL championship.

</doc>
<doc id="20418013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418013" title="Davis Allen">
Davis Allen

Davis Allen was an interior designer and furniture designer. He was noted as a pioneer in the design of interior corporate environments and had a forty-year tenure at Skidmore, Owings & Merrill. He also designed the Andover chair. In 1985, he was inducted into the Interior Design Magazine Hall Of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20418041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418041" title="LMS Princess Coronation Class 6235 City of Birmingham">
LMS Princess Coronation Class 6235 City of Birmingham

London Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS), Princess Coronation Class, LMS No. 6235, British Railways No. 46235 "City of Birmingham" is a preserved British steam locomotive.
6235 was originally built in 1939 at Crewe, and entered LMS stock in July 1939, one of the third batch (Lot No. 150). As built she was streamlined and was the first to be fitted with a double chimney as built (previous locomotives being built with single chimneys and later modified). Livery was LMS crimson lake with cheat lines, but during the Second World War it acquired austere unlined black livery. Though it carried the name "City of Birmingham" from new, 6235 was officially named at a ceremony at Birmingham New Street on 20 March 1945, and a special coat of arms plate was then fitted above the nameplate. The streamlining was removed for maintenance reasons in April 1946, becoming the first streamliner to be destreamlined, and at the same time she was fitted with smoke deflectors, and livery continued to be black.
6235 passed to British Railways ownership in 1948, and in March was given the BR number 46235. This was applied in May. She was one of the engines given the short-lived blue livery for top express passenger engines in 1950. In April 1952, the semi-streamlined sloping smokebox front was replaced with a round-topped smokebox. She was repainted into BR Brunswick Green livery from April 1953. She carried this last livery through withdrawal in September 1964 and through into preservation.
46235 was prepared by BR for preservation, and after storage at Nuneaton Shed, moved to 
the Birmingham Museum of Science and Industry, which was built around her. After closure of that museum she was moved into the Thinktank, Birmingham science museum in 1997.
She has not been worked in preservation, though steaming has occasionally been mooted in the railway press. She is really too large for most preserved lines, though ideal for main line work. Convincing her owners may be difficult however. A sign displayed by her in the museum explains that she is too tall for the national network (and would foul OHLE), while this is strictly true, the cab and boiler mountings could be modified to be lowered to bring her back into gauge, as has happened to the other two preserved Duchesses (4)6229 "Duchess of Hamilton" and (4)6233 "Duchess of Sutherland". As of 2013, many campaigns to restore 6235 and also for her to mainline condition have gone ahead, though have so far not been successful.
Jon Price, who runs the www.madeinbirmingham.org website, approached the museum in 1985 to see if there could be any chance of getting the locomotive back into service. He was told by the then curator that the engine could never be restored because 'new parts' would have to be used and that would be not in line with the policy for the locomotives preservation at the museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20418053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418053" title="Kenneth Armitage">
Kenneth Armitage

William Kenneth Armitage CBE (b. 18 July 1916, in Leeds, England - d. 22 January 2002 in London, Eng.) was a British sculptor known for his semiabstract bronzes.
Biography.
Armitage studied at the Leeds College of Art and the Slade School of Fine Art in London before joining the British Army in 1939. Armitage became head of the sculpture department at the Bath Academy of Art in 1946, a year after completing his military service, and served for a decade. In 1952, he held his first one-man show in London. In 1953, he became Great Britain's first university artist in residence, at the University of Leeds (to 1956). In 1958, he won best international sculpture under age 45 at the Venice Biennale. Armitage was made CBE in 1969 and was elected to the Royal Academy in 1994.
Work.
Armitage's striking mature style was evident as early as 1952. Most of his works are recognizably human, but are sometimes joined with the forms of animals or furniture. Many displayed quirky humor. Armitage was also interested in Egyptian and Cycladic art and his works have an archaic flavor. He was featured in the 1964 documentary film "5 British Sculptors (Work and Talk)" by American filmmaker Warren Forma.
Exhibition.
During the 1960s and beyond, Armitage adapted to the styles of the times, sometimes incorporating plastic or spray paint.

</doc>
<doc id="20418056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418056" title="Liurai">
Liurai

Liurai is a ruler's title on Timor. The word is Tetun and literally means "surpassing the earth". It is originally associated with Wehali, a ritually central kingdom situated at the south coast of Central Timor (now included in Indonesia). The sacral lord of Wehali, the Maromak Oan ("son of God") enjoyed a ritually passive role, and he kept the Liurai as the executive ruler of the land. In the same way, the rulers of two other important princedoms, Sonbai in West Timor and Likusaen (Liquica) in East Timor, were often referred as Liurais, which indicated a symbolic tripartition of the island.
In later history, especially in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, the term Liurai underwent a process of inflation. By this time it denoted any ruler in the Portuguese part of Timor, great or small. The Liurai families have kept a certain role in Timorese society until recent times.

</doc>
<doc id="20418096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418096" title="Battle of Moel-y-don">
Battle of Moel-y-don

The Battle of Moel-y-don was a battle fought in 1282 war during the conquest of Wales by Edward I.
Background.
After stripping much Welsh land from Llywelyn ap Gruffydd in 1277, Edward I of England imposed harsh terms on the lands he had conquered. He had been aided in 1277 by many Welshmen, including Llywelyn's own brother Dafydd ap Gruffydd, but the terms of the peace, coupled with domination by English laws and by Edward's officials drove many of them into rebellion. The war began when Dafydd turned against the English and slaughtered the garrison of Hawarden Castle.
Edward raised several armies through levy and indenture, and sent them into Wales on multiple fronts to surround and destroy Llywelyn's armies. One important expedition, consisting of 2000 infantrymen and 200 cavalrymen under the former constable of Gascony, Luke de Tany, was sent to capture the island of Anglesey. This would deprive the Welsh of much of their grain, and outflank the Welsh who were defending the Conwy.
The battle.
After successfully capturing Anglesey, Luke de Tany's men constructed a bridge of boats across the Menai Strait which separates Anglesey from the mainland. Edward's plan was to cross the River Conwy while de Tany crossed the Menai and attacked from the north. However, de Tany ignored the plan, believing he could defeat the Welsh without Edward's aid. He had contacted some of the clergy in Bangor who had promised to aid him by giving a signal when the time was right to attack.
The bridge was finished in September that year, and on 6 November, de Tany and his men crossed the bridge having been given the signal to attack. Llywelyn ap Gruffydd had been alerted to the crossing somehow, and emerged with a large army to meet the English as they crossed. A rising tide cut off de Tany's men from the bridge. When they tried to flee, many of them drowned when their heavy armour dragged them under the sea. Walter of Guisborough wrote an account of the battle:
When they had reached the foot of the mountain and, after a time, came to a place at some distance from the bridge, the tide came in with a great flow, so that they were unable to get back to the bridge for the debt of water. The Welsh came from the high mountains and attacked them, and in fear and trepidation, for the great number of the enemy, our men preferred to face the sea than the enemy. They went into the sea but, heavily laden with arms, they were instantly drowned.
Luke de Tany, the nobles Roger de Clifford, 5th Baron Clifford, Phillip and William Burnell (brothers of the chancellor Robert Burnell), 16 English knights (and their esquires) and 300 of de Tany's men perished. The Welsh suffered few casualties. The remaining English army made it back to Anglesey, however their losses were too great for them to launch a counterattack.
Aftermath.
This victory, and the Battle of Llandeilo Fawr in which another English army was destroyed in South Wales, boosted Welsh morale and set back Edward's plans, but Llywelyn was killed a few weeks later at Cilmeri, having led an expedition into mid-Wales to rally supporters.

</doc>
<doc id="20418157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418157" title="Hobe Sound Bible College">
Hobe Sound Bible College

Hobe Sound Bible College is a Christian college in Hobe Sound, Florida, United States, located 25 miles north of West Palm Beach, Florida east of U.S. Route 1. It is a part of the conservative holiness movement.
History.
First known as Hobe Sound Bible Institute, the college was founded in 1960 under the leadership of Stephen D. Herron, a Wesleyan Methodist minister, the school’s founder and president for 25 years. He had the vision for a conservative holiness school that would offer a quality education. Herron approached H. Robb French and Florida Evangelistic Association, now Hope International Missions, about year-round utilization of the camp meeting facilities for a Bible college. They offered the grounds and facilities of Sea Breeze Camp for such a school.
At the camp meeting of 1960, donations were raised to aid in launching the school. In September of that year, Hobe Sound Bible Institute welcomed its first student body, representing 12 states and Canada. The registration for the first year totaled 24, with a 3-person teaching staff that included Herron, missionary C. J. Goodspeed and Wesleyan Methodist evangelist Johannes Maas, founder of Worldwide Faith Missions. From this small beginning, the college now has a prominent place of service in the holiness movement.
Mission.
The mission of Hobe Sound Bible College is to provide a Christ-centered, Bible-based education in the Wesleyan, conservative holiness tradition.
Accreditation.
In 1986 the college attained full accreditation with The Association for Biblical Higher Education.
Fields of study.
Hobe Sound Bible College offers Bachelor of Arts degrees in ministerial studies, missions, music education, teacher education, and general Christian studies. Also offered are Associate of Arts and Associate of Science degrees.
Christan day school.
Hobe Sound Bible College operates Hobe Sound Christian Academy, including grades K through 12.

</doc>
<doc id="20418169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418169" title="Manning Cabin">
Manning Cabin

The Manning Cabin was the first vacation cabin built in what is now Saguaro National Park. The log structure was built by Levi H. Manning, Surveyor General of the Arizona Territory and later mayor of Tucson, in 1905. From 1922 to 1939 it was used by the U.S. Forest Service to house fire and trail crews, and for the same purpose by the National Park Service from the park's establishment in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="20418181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418181" title="2006 Westchester County tornado">
2006 Westchester County tornado

The 2006 Westchester County tornado was the strongest and largest tornado in the history of Westchester County, New York. It touched down there on July 12, 2006 and traveled into southwestern Connecticut during a 33-minute span through two states. The tornado touched down at 3:30 p.m. EDT (19:30 UTC) on the shore of the Hudson River before becoming a waterspout and traveling across the river. Coming ashore, the tornado entered Westchester County and struck the town of Sleepy Hollow at F1 intensity. After passing through the town, it intensified into an F2 tornado and grew to almost a quarter of a mile (400 m) in diameter. The tornado continued through the county, damaging numerous structures, until it crossed into Connecticut at 4:01 p.m. EDT (20:01 UTC). Not long after entering the state, it dissipated in the town of Greenwich at 4:03 p.m. EDT (20:03 UTC). When the tornado entered Westchester County, it was the eighth known tornado to either touch down or enter the county since 1950.
Two barns and a warehouse were destroyed, and a large stained-glass window was shattered. Numerous homes and businesses were damaged and thousands of trees were uprooted. There were no fatalities and only six minor injuries were associated with the storm. The cost of damages was estimated at $12.1 million.
Meteorological synopsis.
On July 12 a supercell thunderstorm developed over eastern New Jersey in association with a surface low-pressure area in southwestern Ontario. Daytime heating in the Tri-State Region led to moderate instability, a key factor in the development of showers and thunderstorms. With conditions favorable for the development of a tornado, the Storm Prediction Center issued a tornado watch at 12:40 p.m. EDT (16:40 UTC). A strong thunderstorm developed around 2:00 p.m. EDT (18:00 UTC) which produced a funnel cloud near Carlstadt at around 2:45 p.m. EDT (18:45 UTC), although no damage was associated with the funnel. That same storm intensified and developed into a supercell as it crossed into New York. About 15 minutes later, a tornado warning was issued for southern Rockland and Westchester counties which would remain in effect until 4:15 p.m. EDT (21:15 UTC). At around 3:30 p.m. EDT (19:30 UTC), an F1 tornado touched down near Grand View-on-Hudson along the Hudson River in Rockland County. The 100 yard (91 m) wide tornado touched down on a dock before becoming a waterspout as it took a path across the river. The tornado passed near the Tappan Zee Bridge before crossing into Westchester County. Upon entering Westchester, it was the eighth tornado ever recorded in the county.
The tornado hit the town of Sleepy Hollow, New York, around 3:37 p.m. EDT (19:37 UTC); two minutes later, a wind gust was reported along the periphery of the tornado. As the tornado neared New York State Route 9A, it intensified to F2 status, generating winds up to , and struck the California Closet Warehouse. At the time, the tornado was estimated to be 300 yd (274 m) wide and was the strongest tornado ever recorded in Westchester County. Shortly after, it weakened back to F1 intensity. Minor damage was reported through the Kensico Reservoir in Valhalla as the tornado neared the New York–Connecticut border. The track length through Westchester County was measured at around . After crossing the state border into Fairfield County, Connecticut, it weakened further before lifting at 4:03 p.m  EDT (20:03 UTC) in Greenwich after traveling in Connecticut. Another brief touchdown may have occurred shortly after near the Merritt Parkway. Overall, the tornado tracked across a total of through two states over a period over 33 minutes.
Impact.
The tornado took a path through Rockland, Westchester, and Fairfield counties, downing or uprooting thousands of trees and damaging several structures, including significant structural damage to the California Closets warehouse. Six minor injuries were also reported. In all, the tornado inflicted $12.1 million in damage.
Minor damage was reported in Rockland County. One dock and one boat were damaged by the tornado. After crossing the Hudson River, the tornado entered Westchester County, where the worst of the damage took place. It struck the town of Sleepy Hollow, damaging roofs and tearing the siding off numerous homes and businesses. A 10 foot (3 m) tall stained-glass window in the St. Teresa of Avila Church was shattered. Afterwards, the town of Pocantico Hills was struck as the tornado intensified to F2 intensity. Several trees were uprooted and two barns were destroyed. The California Closet Warehouse suffered severe structural damage; two concrete walls were destroyed. An interior staircase, which employees used as a shelter, collapsed causing four injuries. Concrete blocks from the building were blown about, some of which struck cars in a nearby parking lot. A nearby Comfort Inn had part of its roof torn off. After a tornado warning was issued, a school near the warehouse was evacuated. 
As the tornado crossed New York State Route 9A, it picked up a state trooper car and flipped it several times before it fell to the ground; the officer inside suffered only minor injuries. Moving towards the east-northeast, the tornado struck the towns of Mount Pleasant and Hawthorne, damaging numerous trees and causing minor structural damage. Damage along the Saw Mill River Parkway prompted officials to shut down a section of the highway near Mount Pleasant. Trees fell on streets and railroad tracks, halting Metro-North Railroad service and creating major traffic delays. After passing by the Kensico Reservoir in Valhalla, the tornado crossed into Connecticut, where it knocked down numerous power lines, cutting power to about 10,000 residences in the county. In all, six people sustained minor injuries and damages amounted to $10.1 million.
The weakening tornado ended its duration in Fairfield County, Connecticut, in the town of Greenwich. Thousands of trees were either uprooted or snapped along the tornado's path through the state. Minor damage was inflicted upon several structures. The tornado left 1,700 residences in Greenwich without power and blocked six roads. Most of the damage was concentrated to the northwestern corner of the town. Damages in the state totaled to $2 million.
Aftermath.
In the wake of the tornado, the mayor of Sleepy Hollow declared a village-wide state of emergency. Two hundred emergency personnel responded to the storm. Consolidated Edison (conEdison) crews were sent out to repair downed power lines and clear roads. By the next night, power was restored to all but 600 of the previous 10,000 residences without power in Westchester. Westchester County opened its Emergency Operations Center after the storm to respond to the event. Two days after the storm, many of the roads had been cleared and power was fully restored. A recreational path in Tarrytown, New York, was not expected to be open for another two weeks due to numerous fallen trees. Metro-North Railroad suspended trains on the Upper Harlem line until 5:00 p.m. EDT (21:00 UTC) for the removal of debris on the tracks. During the time the rails were shut down, southbound passengers were transported by bus. All trains were back on schedule by 7:00 p.m. EDT (23:00 UTC).

</doc>
<doc id="20418187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418187" title="Ça ne change pas un homme">
Ça ne change pas un homme

Ça ne change pas un homme is a 1991 album recorded by French singer Johnny Hallyday. It was in late December 1991 and achieved success in France, where it debuted at a peak at #3 on the charts on January 1, 1991, and totaled 43 weeks on the chart (top 50). It provided four singles in France, including two top ten hits : "Ça ne change pas un homme" (#7), "Dans un an ou un jour" (#7), "Et puis je sais" (#16) and "True to You" (#18). 
The music of "Dans un an ou un jour" was signed by Mort Shuman, a famous artist who was close to Elvis Presley. After Shuman's death on November 3, 1991, Hallyday put the recording tape of the song on his grave during the funeral. "Pour exister" and "Et puis je sais" was written by Patrick Bruel and these songs were covered live by Bruel a few years later at a concert in 1995 ("Pour exister"), then as duet with Hallyday during another concert, in 2000 ("Et puis je sais").
Track listing.
Source : "Allmusic".

</doc>
<doc id="20418221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418221" title="Washington García Rijo">
Washington García Rijo

Washington García Rijo (1921 – 22 September 2010) was a Uruguayan political figure.
Background.
His political base has been in Rocha Department. He formerly served as a senior police officer. He is a member of the Colorado Party (Uruguay).
Political career.
He served for many years as an elected Deputy of the Republic from 1967 to 1972 and from 1985 to 1990, representing Rocha Department. He was at the time associated with the 'Lista 15' grouping within the Colorado Party. In his late political life he endorsed Pedro Bordaberry Herrán's 'Vamos Uruguay' grouping within the Colorado Party (Uruguay).

</doc>
<doc id="20418246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418246" title="K-tag">
K-tag


</doc>
<doc id="20418252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418252" title="James Yuill">
James Yuill

James Yuill (born c.1981) is an English folktronica musician from London, currently signed to the Moshi Moshi record label.
Biography.
Yuill released his first album, "The Vanilla Disc", on his own Happy Biscuit Club label in 2005. After releasing his second album "Turning Down Water for Air" in February 2007, he was later signed by Moshi Moshi, who re-issued that album in January 2009. "Turning Down Water for Air" was described by "Clash" as "a startling piece of work". He has been described as "a one-man band armed with a laptop, mixing decks and an acoustic guitar". His popularity grew internationally and he was signed by the Nettwerk Music Group in the United States in 2008.
Yuill also works as a remixer and has provided remixes for Tilly & the Wall, The Answering Machine, Au Revoir Simone, and David Holmes. He has also collaborated with Charlie Westropp under the pseudonym Hunger/Thirst.
In 2010, he produced a version of "Jingle Bells" for a Guinness commercial, using pint glasses containing varying levels of Guinness to create the tune.
In 2013, after a successfull campaign on PledgeMusic, he released his fourth studio album called "These Spirits" on his Happy Biscuit Club label.

</doc>
<doc id="20418360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418360" title="Takayuki Tatsumi">
Takayuki Tatsumi

As an avid science fiction fan, he authored many books and essays on science fiction. He received Nihon SF Taisho prize in 2000 for "Nihon SF ronsōshi".

</doc>
<doc id="20418374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418374" title="Jinfeng District">
Jinfeng District

Jinfeng District () is a district under the administration of Yinchuan city in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China. It has a total area of 290 square kilometers, and, according to the 2010 China Census, a population of 282,554 people.
Characteristics.
Jinfeng District has developed industry in recent years. Industry in the district is divided into the New Material Industrial Park, the New High-Tech Industrial Park, the Specialized Medicine Industrial Park, and the Comprehensive Industrial Park. The district forms one of the cores of Yinchuan's industrial economy. The district government is located on East Xinxia Road, and the district's postal code is 750011. In 2006, Yinchuan's city-level government moved from Xingqing District to Jinfeng District, so Jinfeng District will become the administrative center of Yinchuan in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="20418403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418403" title="Princess Olga of Hanover">
Princess Olga of Hanover

Princess Olga of Hanover may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20418416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418416" title="An Seanphobal">
An Seanphobal

An tSean Phobail () is a village in west County Waterford, Ireland. It is one of two parishes that form the Irish speaking area of Gaeltacht na nDéise
An tSean Phobail, as it is known locally, is a large parish covering about 35 square kilometres with approximately 8 km of coastline along Muggort's Bay. It is the second largest parish in Waterford stretching West to East bordering the village of Ardmore and Grange to the other Gaeltacht na nDéise parish of An Rinn and North to South from slightly beyond the Cork-Waterford 25 to the coast. The closest centres of population to An tSean Phobail are Dungarvan and the County Cork town of Youghal.
There is a Primary school, a Pre-school/Child-Care centre, Pub, Roman Catholic Church, Parish Hall, Lighthouse, a GAA pitch and a Soccer pitch, a Gaeltacht Development office along with other businesses and cottage industries. For people working day to day within the parish Farming and agriculture-related industries are still the largest source of employment. Leisure wise there are two Beaches with numerous coves and angling rocks along the cliffs, a fresh water lake and 2 large manmade lakes. The cliffs, deeply incised stream gullies and small bays of the area attract a wide variety of seabirds and make the area a paradise for bird-watchers.
Irish language.
The Irish language plays an important role in the area. Gaoluinn na nDéise the Waterford variant of the Munster Irish dialect is spoken. The local primary school, S.N Baile Mhic Airt, is a Gaelscoil. Drama Plays in Irish are produced annually by the local drama group, Aisteoirí An Sean Phobal, and the parishes GAA club competes in the Comórtas Peile na Gaeltachta an annual Gaelic football competition contested by clubs from the Irish language-speaking Gaeltacht areas of Ireland. The official name of the area is An tSean Phobail or An Seanphobal. Both An Seanphobal and Old Parish were on the local road-signs until 2005, when the anglicized form ceased to have any official standing. Today, roadsigns show the Irish name only.
History.
Place name.
The anglicised place name of the parish, Old Parish, is rare among place-names in Ireland in that it is a fairly direct translation of the original Irish name. The Irish word 'Pobal' is community in English and Sean is "old" in English. According to local lore, it is the oldest parish in Ireland. This myth is probably spurred on by the parish saint, Saint Colman, who had a monastery in Cill Comán in An tSean Phobail, having baptised St. Declan, who went on to Christianise Waterford before the coming of Saint Patrick. But the name of the area is more likely due to the following reasons: It once was part of an older parish pairing that consisted of Ardmore and An tSean Phobail. It is said that people in neighbouring parishes (who at the time would have spoken Irish) referred to the area as An tSean Phobail after it left Ardmore to join in a new parish pairing with An Rinn in the early 1900s. Another theory is that the devastating effect the famine had on the parish population could have led people to call it An tSean Phobail (The Old Community), as it would have been a vibrant populated community beforehand. Either way, the nickname people had for the parish became the adopted place name for the area. Prior to the area being called An tSean Phobail, it was probably known as "Baile Mhic Airt", the largest towns-land within An tSean Phobail. S.N Baile Mhic Airt is the name of the local primary school, Baile Mhic Airt and other parish towns-lands appear on O.S maps without An tSean Phobail and Baile Mhic Airt is still recognised within the postal service.
'Caileach Bhearra' megalithic tomb.
The late Neolithic or early Bronze Age court cairn at the Ballynamona towns-land of An tSean Phobail is the only example of its kind in the south-east. The site is marked 'dolmen' on the Ordnance Survey map, and is known locally as 'Cailleach Bhearra'. It is located about 1.5 km (1 mile) north of the lighthouse and about 100 m (~100 yards) from the cliff edge. This type of megalithic tomb is usually found north of a line between Clew Bay and Dundalk. The tomb at Ballynamona is a court cairn and is the only example of its kind in the southeast. This type is usually found north of a line between Clew Bay in the west and Dundalk in the east. It would have been constructed by a tribal group and an immense amount of social organisation was required in its building. There would have been many burials in the grave. The bodies were burnt and the cremated bones were placed in the burial chambers sometimes with pottery, beads and stone and bone, and tools for use in the next life. Although the Ballynamona Court Cairn is neither spectacular nor large, its importance cannot be overlooked. It is known to date from 2000 B.C. during the late Neolithic or early Bronze Age. It is clear evidence of the early settlement of Old Parish by a developed, agricultural society. The views of the Waterford and Wexford coastlines along with the vast Celtic Sea southwards from this site answer answer any questions one would have as to why the earliest known settlers of An tSean Phobail chose this location. It was excavated in May 1938 by a team led from the Office of Public Works in collaboration with the National Museum of Ireland.
Castle ruin.
A castle ruin and a famine mass stone is situated in Baile Mhic Airt lower. There is very little known about the ruins; it is said that the initial owner was French and came to the area and built it according to the style of his native land. It has a courtyard fit for equestrian purposes.
Great Famine.
An Sean Phobal had a much greater population before the famine than it does now. In many ways, it has never recovered, Most notably in the seaside glens along the coast where many towns-land villages once existed Tóin Tí Thaidhg, Baile Mhic Airt íoctarach, and Baile na hAirde to name but a few. Immigration and death ridded these glens of a great majority of their human inhabitants. Plenty of ruined Boháns or cottages are still visible to the eye after years of vegetation overgrowth in these glens. Relig An tSleibh Graveyard is Famine time graveyard in An tSean Phobail. This land is situated about 2½ miles south-west of Dungarvan. In July 1847, the Clerk was directed to advertise for contractors to erect a stone wall around the site, four feet high and five feet wide, faced with stones on both sides ’the stones to be laid on edge.’ Two men were employed assisted by the workhouse inmates. On 28 August William Veale’s tender to make an iron gate 5½ feet high by 8 feet wide for 14 shillings was accepted. The graveyard was to be ready in a matter of weeks.In early September the Guardians ordered that any paupers who died were to be buried in the new graveyard for Grange and Ardmore until the site at Slievegrine was opened. n the early 1860s some members of the Board of Guardians felt that a small monument should be erected at Slievegrine to commemorate those buried there, but nothing came of the idea. The subject came up again in August 1866 when it was proposed that a monument should be erected at a cost not exceeding £50. Denis McGrath’s plan for the monument was accepted in August 1866 but the Commissioners objected once again. The plan was eventually dropped, probably because of the opposition from the Commissioners. According to Seamus Clandillon writing in 1925 a wooden cross marked the site. He recalled the story of a woman who was being taken for burial to Reilig An tSléibhe who regained consciousness and lived to a good old age. It was not until 1953 that a monument was finally erected at Slievegrine. The unveiling took place as part of the celebrations of the An Tostal festival in Dungarvan on Sunday 19 April 1953. This monument consists of a large plain limestone cross with inscriptions in Irish and English. However, the main part of the inscription refers to the Marian Year with the reference to the Famine victims given less emphasis. On 20 August 1995 a commemorative mass was celebrated at Reilig An tSléibhe by Dr. William Lee, Bishop of Waterford and Lismore. A moving recital of Na Prataí Dubha was given by Peig, Bean Uí Reagáin. The old limestone cross was cleaned and a more fitting memorial to those buried there was unveiled.
War of Independence and Civil War.
The men and women of An tSean Phobail played their part in the cause of Irish freedom during this revolutionary period. A Company of Irish Volunteers was organised in Old Parish, in late 1917. The company was initially 8-9 but this quickly rose to 20 and doubled and tripled as the conflict escalated. On March 1918, men from An Sean Phobal defended Sinn Féin voters in a Waterford by election against Crown sympathisers, Pig traders and ex-British soldiers. The third battalion of The West Waterford IRA brigade, or Déise Brigade as it is also known, was the Ardmore-Old Parish battalion its main personal were: Jim Mansfield, O.C, Willie Doyle, Vice-O.C., Paddy Cashen, Adjutant, Declan Slattery, Q.M., Dick Mooney, Engineer, Jerry Fitzgerald, Dispatch Rider, Tom Mooney, Transport and Declan Troy, Training. The Staff Engineer Mick Mansfield (brother of Jim Mansfield above) of Crú Baile, An tSean Phobail took part in many operations across the county including the Burgery ambush.In the year 1918, Declan Slattery of Scrahan, Old Parish was appointed Battalion Quartermaster. During the period 1918- 1919 activities were mostly confined to training and organisation. By the end of 1919 there were 8 Companies of around 50 men each in the 3rd battalion. Roughly, 40% of the Old Parish company were armed with shot guns this was probably helped by the companies location within a farming community. There were also a few Lee Enfield rifles, about a half dozen revolvers but a poor supply of ammunition. A local blacksmith named Patrick Roche made some bayonets and about four dozen ‘Croppy’ pikes in his forge at An Crú Baile but the pikes never came into any use by the company. 
The Active Unit West Waterford Flying Column officers George Lennon, Mick Mansfield and Pat Keating held a conference at the house of Mrs. Pottle, Baile Mhic Airt, Old Parish, as to the best means of bringing the British into a position suitable for ambushing. it was there and then decided to stage another but feint attack on the R.I.C. barracks at Ardmore and ambush any relieving force coming out from Youghal at a place called Piltown Cross about 4 miles north of Youghal on the Yougal-Dungarvan main road. This Ambush was to become known as the Piltown Cross ambush.
Coast of An tSean Phobail.
There is 8 km (5 mls) of coastline in the area. This coastline consists of a dramatic seascape of cliffs (approximately 70 m, 230 ft., high) together with a number of deeply incised stream gullies and small bays. The unimproved grassland along the cliffs attracts a wide variety of seabirds. An Sean Phobal is a paradise for bird-watchers, anglers and people interested in nature.
Mine Head Lighthouse.
The red sandstone lighthouse at Mine Head, was built in the mid 1800s. George Halpin Senior designed the major light of Mine Head. The red sandstone structure sitting on top of the steep cliffs of Old Parish is higher above sea-level (88 m, 290 ft.) than any other Irish lighthouse.
Local merchants and mariners from Youghal and Cork pressured the Ballast Board to begin a lighthouse tower on Capel Island off Youghal. This building was begun even though George Halpin felt the best place for a light was on Mine Head. The work was well under way when the local people changed their mind and decided that the light should be at Mine Head after all. After much debate, including input from Trinity House and the Admiralty, it was decided to abandon the site on Capel Island and build on Mine Head.
The light was established on 1 June 1851, the same day as Ballycotton lighthouse.
Mine Head has a 22 m (72 ft.) white tower with a black band. It was coverted to electricity in Sept. 1964. The beacon flashes white and red every 2.5 sec. and has a nominal range of 52 km (28 nautical miles) since it sits so high above sea-level. Today the Commissioner of Irish Lights operates the lighthouse, which is not open to the public and is not accessible.
Sport.
The local GAA club, CLG An tSean Phobail, concentrates on Gaelic football. Its finest hour came in 1949 when the "Shocks", as the team are known, won the Waterford Junior Football Championship. For hurling purposes, the area is associated with Rinn Ó gCuanach club. The club colours are red and white.
Chicago.
Two long-serving mayors of Chicago, Richard J. Daley and his son, Richard M. Daley have strong connections to the area. Richard J. Daley was the only child of Michael and Lillian (Dunne) Daley, whose families had both arrived from An tSean Phobail area during the Great Famine (Ireland). A plaque dedicated to Richard J. Daley in Móin na Mín in An tSean Phobail. He donated a generous sum of money in aid of Church refurbishment in An Sean Phobal around 1970.
References.
http://95.45.178.102/reels/bmh/BMH.WS1245.pdf
http://www.waterfordmuseum.ie/exhibit/web/DisplayPrintable/article/22/2/
http://www.bureauofmilitaryhistory.ie/reels/bmh/BMH.WS1357.pdf
http://oldparish.blogspot.co.uk/2008/09/famine-graveyard-relig-tsleibh.html
^ a b Cohen, Adam; Taylor, Elizabeth (2001). American pharaoh : Mayor Richard J. Daley ; his battle for Chicago and the nation. New York: Back Bay. p. 19. ISBN 978-0-316-83489-6.

</doc>
<doc id="20418420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418420" title="Marko Mesić (priest)">
Marko Mesić (priest)

Marko Mesić (Brinje, 1640? – Karlobag, February 2, 1713) was a Croatian priest and war hero from the Ottoman Wars. Under his command Croats liberated the region of Lika in the 17th century.
Biography.
In 1683 when Austro-Turkish war begun, Marko Mesić went to Ravni Kotari where he joined the local rebels against the Turks. Soon afterwards he goes to Krbava and Lika and organizes uprising against the Turks from Brinje. On June 15, 1689 he captured Novi and a number of other villages who surrendered without a fight. Finally, Udbina was liberated on 21 July, 1689. 

</doc>
<doc id="20418421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418421" title="David Norman (ornithologist)">
David Norman (ornithologist)

Professor David Norman (born 1949) is a British Chartered Physicist and ornithologist, he has lived in Cheshire since 1978.
Physics.
Professor Norman is a former Director of Synchotron Radiation, Council for the Central Laboratory of the Research Councils, Daresbury Laboratory. He was a visiting Professor in Surface Science at the University of Liverpool
Ornithology.
Since 2005 he has been an independent member of the United Kingdom's Rare Breeding Birds Panel and he is a member of the RSPB Council, and Chairman of the Merseyside Ringing Group. He is an honorary research associate of the Carnegie Museum of Natural History, spending up to a month each year at their Powdermill Nature Reserve.
He served on the council of English Nature from 1996-2002 (and in September 2000 became interim acting chairman for six months). He has been chairman of the Cheshire Wildlife Trust and a member of the Editorial Board for Ornithology's journal "Ringing & Migration". He was the founder chairman of the Mersey Estuary Conservation Group and Research Committee of the Liverpool Bay Wader Study Group.
In 2002 he was awarded the British Trust for Ornithology's Bernard Tucker Medal "for his outstanding scientific contributions in surveying, nest-recording and ringing birds".

</doc>
<doc id="20418457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418457" title="Abbey Dawn">
Abbey Dawn

It is featured prominently in her 2011 music video for the song "What the Hell" when she enters a vintage clothing store.
Retail.
Named after a childhood nickname her father gave her, Abbey Dawn was originally inspired by Avril’s own closet. A few years ago, she began coming up with ideas for pieces she herself wanted to wear, bringing her daring, adventurous attitude to designs that mix both edgy and feminine details. Avril launched Abbey Dawn in July 2008 as an exclusive with a major U.S. retail chain. In October 2008 she introduced her first retail outlet — an exclusive pop-up shop located near the entrance to the Laforet department store in the fashionable Harajuku shopping district of Tokyo, Japan. The store, which sold clothing and accessories all designed by Avril, as well as her CDs and DVDs, was the best-selling boutique at Laforet during this two month exclusive period.
The following year, Avril held her first fashion show during New York Fashion Week in September 2009. Models strutted down the runway in Abbey Dawn’s metallic-print T-shirts, oversized hoodies, long-sleeved striped skater T’s, denim skinny and boyfriend jeans with built-in suspenders, printed leggings, tutus, and plaid mini-skirts to the sounds of Avril’s hit songs “Girlfriend” and “Sk8er Boi.”
In December, the T-shirt Avril wears in the video for her brand-new single “What The Hell,” from her upcoming album Goodbye Lullaby, will be available for purchase in both women’s and men’s styles (Avril’s first-ever designs for guys). In addition, affordable new mini- collections will be available for purchase every month in 2011, on www.abbeydawn.com.
Abbey Dawn was originally sold exclusively at Kohl's in the United States and Boathouse in Canada. Since then Lavigne has 'revamped' the line and shipping began internationally via the line's official website. It is now sold at influential stores Trash and Vaudeville in New York, as well as various other stores across America and Europe. There was an Abbey Dawn store open in Tokyo, Japan. Abbey Dawn is now distributed in the USA by Blank Generation, and in Europe by Jackson Distribution. Abbey Dawn has a website address called www.AbbeyDawn.com, although it is not actively used by the brand. Abbey Dawn clothes are no longer sold in Kohl's stores as of May 2009. The personalized styling and retail service JustFab has also made the Abbey Dawn line of accessories available to their members as of March, 2012.
Accessories.
The Abbeydawn.com e-commerce site launched in December of 2010 with a mini-collection of t-shirts, tanks and hoodies and her line of abbey dawn clothes was launched in July 2008. Its success to date can be tracked through its brisk worldwide sales and expansion into new designs and categories including fashion tops, fleece, caps, scarves and swimwear. The theme includes Abbey Dawn's trademark colors: pink, purple, red, and black. On the Abbey Dawn website the brand will introduce an even broader lifestyle collection, embracing dresses, denim, skirts, footwear, handbags, wallets, purses and eyewear, along with its first men’s items. Rather than just another celebrity fashion line in name only, Abbey Dawn takes its direction from Lavigne, a devoted fashion designer who draws inspiration from her life, music and worldwide travels. Her love for bold colors and metallic foils have influenced the entire color scheme for Abbey Dawn, which features an array of loud graphics against a solid white or black silhouette. Pieces are constructed in soft sheer cottons, poly/cotton burnouts, acid washes, garment washed fleece, and rayon blends.
Avril has also released a t-shirt she designed to support Japan. Available for $25 on her web store, each t-shirt purchase gives 100% of the net proceeds going to The Avril Lavigne Foundation to support Mercy Corps’ “Comfort for Kids” program, in partnership with local partner Peace Winds. Comfort for Kids trains caregivers to help children through the trauma of disaster. The goal is to bring help and hope to the children and youth of Japan who have been affected by this disaster.
The web store, www.AbbeyDawn.com, has been a highly successful e-commerce boutique for Avril Lavigne fans and Abbey Dawn lovers around the world. While the brand expands to other online merchants, including Punk.com, it will also be available in such brick-and-mortar retailers as Hot Topic as of July.

</doc>
<doc id="20418464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418464" title="Thomas Eustace, 1st Viscount Baltinglass">
Thomas Eustace, 1st Viscount Baltinglass

Thomas Eustace, 1st Viscount Baltinglass (c.1480-1549) was an Anglo-Irish noble who achieved wealth and influence by prudently remaining loyal to the English Crown. He was born circa 1480 at Caslemartin, County Kildare.
Family.
He was the son of Richard Eustace (died before 1496), younger son of Sir Edward FitzEustace, and Anne, daughter of Robert Eustace of Ballyloughrane. He married Margaret Talbot, daughter of Sir Peter Talbot of Malahide Castle and Catherine FitzGerald. He died on 31 July 1549.
On 14 December 1496, when only sixteen, he succeeded his uncle, Rowland FitzEustace, 1st Baron Portlester, in the family estates. Portlester's daughter Alison married Gerald FitzGerald, 8th Earl of Kildare and was the grandmother of Silken Thomas, hence the strong pressure on the Eustace clan to join his rebellion.
Career.
He was High Sheriff of Kildare in 1523 and was knighted, but little else is known of him until about 1534.
During the Silken Thomas rebellion, when the Eustace family were deeply divided, due to the close family tie between the Eustace and Fitzgerald families, he remained loyal to Henry VIII and was duly rewarded for his assistance in putting down the rebellion by being created 1st Baron Kilcullen, County Kildare, Ireland in September 1535. He is said to have possessed one half of County Wicklow, together with his family's existing possessions in Kildare and County Meath, and benefitted from the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
He played a prominent part in the Irish Parliament of 1541-2. The Parliament is chiefly remembered for passing the Crown of Ireland Act 1542 by which Henry VIII took the title King of Ireland, in preference to the earlier Lordship of Ireland.
As a reward for further actions in putting down rebellion,he was created 1st Viscount Baltinglass, County Wicklow, Ireland on 29 June 1541. His principal residence was Harristown, County Kildare; he died at New Abbey, Kilcullen.
Children.
Children of Sir Thomas Eustace, 1st Viscount Baltinglass and Margaret Talbot
References.
G.E. Cokayne; with Vicary Gibbs, H.A. Doubleday, Geoffrey H. White, Duncan Warrand and Lord Howard de Walden, editors, The Complete Peerage of England, Scotland, Ireland, Great Britain and the United Kingdom, Extant, Extinct or Dormant, new ed., 13 volumes in 14 (1910–1959; reprint in 6 volumes, Gloucester, U.K.: Alan Sutton Publishing, 2000), volume I, page 395. Hereinafter cited as The Complete Peerage.

</doc>
<doc id="20418508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418508" title="Kristi Toliver">
Kristi Toliver

Kristi Toliver (born January 27, 1987) is an American basketball player for the Los Angeles Sparks of the WNBA. She is from Harrisonburg, Virginia, and has an older sister, Carli. She is the daughter of former NBA referee, George Toliver, and Peggy Toliver.
High school.
Attended Harrisonburg High School and graduated in 2005. At HHS she was a member of the Symphonic Band, and Student Government Secretary. Toliver was named a WBCA All-American. She participated in the 2005 WBCA High School All-America Game, where she scored nine points.
College.
A standout player from the University of Maryland, Toliver was known for her shooting and propensity to produce in clutch 
situations, as shown in the 2006 National Championship game when Toliver, then a freshman, hit a game-tying three-pointer to send the game into overtime against Duke, eventually leading to a win and Maryland's first national championship.
WNBA.
In the 2009 WNBA Draft, the Chicago Sky selected point guard Kristi Toliver with the 3rd pick. Toliver was traded to the Los Angeles Sparks just before the start of the 2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20418511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418511" title="Princess Alexandra of Hanover">
Princess Alexandra of Hanover

Princess Alexandra of Hanover may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20418529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418529" title="Prince Christian of Hanover">
Prince Christian of Hanover

Prince Christian of Hanover may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20418547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418547" title="Tell Arpachiyah">
Tell Arpachiyah

Tell Arpachiyah (outside modern Mosul in Ninawa Governorate Iraq) is a prehistoric archaeological site in Nineveh Province (Iraq). It takes its name from a more recent village located about from Nineveh. The proper name of the mound on which the site is located is Tepe Reshwa.
History of archaeological research.
After being scouted by Reginald Campbell Thompson in 1928, it was excavated by Max Mallowan and John Cruikshank Rose of the British School of Archaeology in Iraq, along with Agatha Christie in 1933. Additional soundings were conducted in 1976 by a team led by Ismail Hijara. Several Halaf structures were uncovered, including tholoi and the "Burnt House". An array of Halaf pottery and sealings were also found, along with some Ubaid burials.
Tell Arpachiyah and its environment.
Tell Arpachiyah is a small tell, or settlement mound, with a maximum diameter of and a peak height of . The full site has a diameter of around .
Occupation history.
The site was occupied in the Halaf and Ubaid periods. It appears to have been heavily involved in the manufacture of pottery. The pottery recovered there formed the basis of the internal chronology of the Halaf period.

</doc>
<doc id="20418552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418552" title="Prince George William of Hanover">
Prince George William of Hanover

Prince George William of Hanover may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20418619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418619" title="Jackie Trail">
Jackie Trail

Jacqueline Trail Harang (born Jacqueline Amanda Trail, November 26, 1980, in Paducah, Kentucky) is a retired American professional tennis player. Trail had a prolific junior tennis career and played on the professional tour from 1997 to 2003. She retired due to injury in 2003.
Junior career.
Trail began playing tennis at the age of 4. At 7 years old, she won the first sanctioned United States Tennis Association (USTA) sanctioned tournament that she entered. In 1992, at the age of 12, Trail was ranked #1 in Kentucky in the Girls 12s, Girls 14s, Girls 16s, Girls 18s and Women's Open divisions. In 1993, Trail won the Kentucky State High School Tennis Championship as a 7th grader. She repeated the following year as an 8th grader.
Trail won seven national junior titles, second all-time only behind Tracy Austin when Trail turned professional at age 16. Her national junior titles are:
In 1996, Trail won the Girls 16s USTA National Sportsmanship Award. That year, Trail became the only player in history to win the USTA National Championships, USTA National Sportsmanship Award, and attain the #1 national ranking all in the same year.
In 1997, Trail was ranked #1 in the Girls 18s in the nation, ranked #6 in the ITF world junior rankings, represented the United States in the Connolly Continental Cup, was a member of the USTA's Team USA, and was the recipient of the Maureen Connolly Brinker Award. Trail advanced to the semifinals of Junior U.S. Open, defeating Justine Henin in straights sets in the quarterfinals. Later that year, Trail signed with Octagon sports agency and turned professional.
Professional career.
Trail moved up the world rankings rapidly in 1997. She finished her rookie year on tour ranked #339 and advanced to the 2nd Round of the U.S. Open. In 1998, she again advanced to the second round of the U.S. Open, narrowly losing to Wimbledon Champion Conchita Martinez. Trail finished the year ranked #198. By mid-1999, Trail had risen to #166 in the world. However, Trail suffered a foot injury near the end of the 1999 season. In 2000, Trail played on and off while she received medical attention to her foot injury. She finished the 2000 campaign ranked #339 in the world. Trail continued to play on tour the following few years through her increasing number of injuries. After winning her third career professional title in 2003, Trail retired from professional tennis.
Professional titles.
2003 - Waco, Texas, United States 
2001 - Tallahassee, Florida, United States 
2000 - Easton, Maryland, United States

</doc>
<doc id="20418621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418621" title="Vacuum airship">
Vacuum airship

A vacuum airship, also known as a vacuum balloon, is a hypothetical airship that is evacuated rather than filled with a lighter than air gas such as hydrogen or helium. First proposed by Italian monk Francesco Lana de Terzi in 1670, the vacuum balloon would be the ultimate expression of displacement lift power.
History.
From 1886 to 1900 Arthur De Bausset attempted in vain to raise funds to construct his "vacuum-tube" airship design, but despite early support in the United States Congress, the general public was skeptical. Illinois historian Howard Scamehorn reported that Octave Chanute and Albert Francis Zahm "publicly denounced and mathematically proved the fallacy of the vacuum principle", however the author does not give his source. De Bausset published a book on his design and offered $150,000 stock in the Transcontinental Aerial Navigation Company of Chicago. His patent application was eventually denied on the basis that it was "wholly theoretical, everything being based upon calculation and nothing upon trial or demonstration."
In 1921, Lavanda Armstrong discloses a composite wall structure with a vacuum chamber "surrounded by a second envelop constructed so as to hold air under pressure, the walls of the envelop being spaced from one another and tied together", including a honeycomb-like cellular structure, however leaving some uncertainty how to achieve adequate buoyancy given "walls may be made as thick and strong as desired".
In 1983, David Noel discussed the use of geodesic sphere covered with plastic film and "a double balloon containing pressurized air between the
skins, and a vacuum in the centre".
In 1982-1985 Emmanuel Bliamptis elaborated on energy sources and use of "inflatable strut rings".
In 2004-2007 Akhmeteli and Gavrilin address choice of materials ("beryllium, boron carbide ceramic, and diamond-like carbon" or aluminum) in honeycomb double layer craft to address buckling issues.
Principle.
An airship operates on the principle of buoyancy where air is the fluid in contrast to a ship where water is the fluid. The density of air at standard temperature and pressure is 1.28 g/L and 1 L of displaced air has sufficient buoyant force to lift 1.28 g. Airships use an airbag to displace a large volume of air; the bag is usually filled with a lightweight gas such as helium or hydrogen. The total lift generated by an airship is equal to the weight of the air it displaces, regardless of the materials used in its construction or the gas used to fill the airbag; However for flight it is necessary for the total lift capacity to exceed the ship's weight, which includes the weight of the gas used to fill the airbag.
Using the molar volume, the mass of 1 L of helium (at 1 atmospheres of pressure) is found to be 0.18 g, since every displaced liter provides 1.28 g of lift the effective lift is reduced by 14%.
Vacuum airships would theoretically replace the helium gas with a near-vacuum environment and would theoretically be able to provide the full lift potential of displaced air. The main problem with the concept of vacuum airships however is that with a near-vacuum inside the airbag, the outside pressure would exert enormous forces on the airbag, causing it to collapse if not supported. Though it is possible to reinforce the airbag with an internal structure, it is theorized that any structure strong enough to withstand the forces would invariably weigh the vacuum airship down and exceed the total lift capacity of the airship, preventing flight.
Material constraints.
Following the analysis by Akhmeteli and Gavrilin:
The total force on a spherical shell of radius formula_1 by an external pressure formula_2 is formula_3. Since the force on each hemisphere has to balance along the equator the compressive stress will be 
where formula_5 is the shell thickness.
Neutral buoyancy occurs when the shell has the same mass as the displaced air, which occurs when formula_6, where formula_7 is the air density and formula_8 is the shell density, assumed to be homogeneous. Combining with the stress equation gives 
For aluminum and terrestrial conditions Akhmeteli and Gavrilin estimate the stress as formula_10 Pa, of the same order of magnitude as the compressive strength of aluminum alloys.
Unfortunately this disregards buckling. Using the formula for the critical buckling pressure of a sphere
where formula_12 is the modulus of elasticity and formula_13 is the Poisson ratio of the shell. Substituting the earlier expression gives a necessary condition for a feasible vacuum balloon shell:
The requirement is about formula_15.
This cannot even be achieved using diamond (formula_16). Dropping the assumption that the shell is a homogeneous material may allow lighter and stiffer structures (e.g. a honeycomb structure).

</doc>
<doc id="20418671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418671" title="NGC 13">
NGC 13

NGC 13 is a spiral galaxy in the Andromeda constellation. It sits exactly at the equator.

</doc>
<doc id="20418742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418742" title="2008 FÁS expenditure controversy">
2008 FÁS expenditure controversy

The FÁS expenditure controversy was an incident in Republic of Ireland in November/December 2008 in which significant public and political outcry was roused, and at least one senior figure of a government organisation resigned. The incident first emerged in June 2008 when Dáil Éireann (the lower house of the Irish parliament) was told one morning by Leader of the Opposition Enda Kenny that gardaí were investigating the alleged misappropriate use of funds by a senior executive within FÁS. The director general of the training and employment agency, Foras Áiseanna Saothair (FÁS; referred to in the English language as the Training and Employment Authority), Rody Molloy resigned late on 25 November after revelations that himself and fellow FÁS executives spent hundreds of thousands of euro belonging to the company on lavish holidays to the United States, which included first-class travel and expensive rounds of golf, including €643,000 over a period of four years on transatlantic travel for the purpose of promoting the Science Challenge programme and almost €48,000 in air fares for journeys undertaken by Molloy, sometimes accompanied by his wife. Just prior to this, Taoiseach Brian Cowen had publicly defended Molloy before his resignation, amidst increasing public outcry and calls for him to resign by TDs including the Fine Gael spokesperson for enterprise Leo Varadkar. The turning point proved to be an interview Molloy gave to the RTÉ Radio 1 show "Today with Pat Kenny" in which he grossly underestimated the tide of public opinion in his defence of his company's expenses. On 24 November, Molloy explained to Pat Kenny: "We broke no rules or regulations. At the time we were doing it, it was standard practice." The Oireachtas Public Accounts Committee investigated the affair and issued a report on 19 February 2009.
Background.
Shane Ross, Nick Webb and the "Sunday Independent".
The "Sunday Independent" broke the story on 23 November 2008 after an investigation by its business editor, Senator Shane Ross and fellow journalist Nick Webb. Documents were obtained by the duo under the Freedom of Information Act, 1997. Ross later discussed his findings on the current affairs television programme "Questions and Answers". Ross and Webb would later win the prestigious Bord Gais journalist of the year award for their scoop, as well as the TV3 story of the year award. "Wasters" a book exposing waste and cronyism in the public sector, by Shane Ross and Nick Webb, was published by Penguin in October 2010.
RTÉ Radio 1 interview.
Molloy was questioned on a number of issues relating to the expenses of FÁS in an RTÉ Radio 1 interview with Pat Kenny on 24 November 2008.
Asked about the FÁS official who, along with his wife, purchased business class tickets costing €12,021 for a three-week round-the-world trip that took in destinations as exotic as Frankfurt am Main, Tokyo, Honolulu and San Francisco before a flight back to Dublin via Frankfurt, Molloy confirmed he had signed the expense claim and that the official was at an event in Tokyo on official business associated with the World Skills competition and with the graduate programme FÁS operate in Japan. He claimed that the official "at his own expense, spent some time on the way back coming back through the US".
Quizzed on the necessity of FÁS's chairman, the trade union boss Peter McLoone, accompanying Molloy on a €7,300 per-person return business class flight to Orlando, Florida for a week-long stay, Molloy pointed out that the city "also happens to be very close to the NASA facility where the shuttle lands and takes off from". He then alluded to the special relationship he claims his organisation have built up with NASA over a number of years, a relationship which led to Irish students being given opportunities to work and develop their research skills within NASA. He summed up his view with the line: "I think anyone who knows Florida knows it's not just about Disney World."
Asked about the FÁS executives who billed the Irish taxpayer for pay-per-view movies ranging in price from $12.71 to $34.40 that they then watched in their US hotel rooms, Molloy compared the price of pay-per-view movies to "chickenfeed", asking the presenter "What's $10 for a movie?". When Kenny informed Molloy that his employers RTÉ did not cover pay-per-view movies in their expenses, Molloy hinted at an "oversight on our part" but reiterated his belief that NASA was a major US government agency and that to develop "relationships" with them was "not easy".
On FÁS's corporate affairs director Greg Craig's company credit card being used to cover a $410 bill at Solutions beauty and nail salon on West Cocoa Beach, Florida in August 2005 (later infamously linked with the politician Mary Harney), Molloy implied that the amount of money, "in terms of the total package, is very, very small". On the FÁS credit card used to pay $942.53 for Molloy to play a three-ball golf match at the Orlando Florida Grand Cypress Resort Golf club in January 2005, Molloy again defended himself by referring to his "developing relationships" policy. He then apologised for committing "a major sin".
Molloy was then questioned about the clocking up of almost €48,000 in business-class airfares, sometimes accompanied by his wife, over a four-year period. On the most recent of these in February 2008, they ran up an airfare bill of €7,500 for a return trip to the US east coast. In May 2007, the duo flew to New York at a cost of €6,655, both travelling business class. In November 2007 the pair made their return to New York and in doing so ran up airfares of €7,281. Also in 2007 they claimed FÁS expenses of €6,455 for a similar trip, travelling business class again. In June 2005, they visited Boston on a cheaper flight, costing €1,634 and prior to this in July 2004, the duo flew to Orlando at a cost of €9,648 for their business class fares. Molloy emphasised that this was not the "hellishly expensive" first class travel and that on occasions that his wife had travelled, there had been valid and "appropriate" reasons for this being so. These reasons, he suggested, were "to do with the kind of activities that were involved there", including a dinner involving the President of Ireland Mary McAleese and her husband. He then proposed that on such occasions he had traded down his travel "entitlement" (he alleged an entitlement to travel first class) to allow his wife to buy a ticket on the plane with the leftover money.
Finally Molloy was quizzed on the €500 glass barometer that a FÁS representative had purchased as a gift for the Irish Minister for Education Mary Hanafin on a visit to their US project. FAS then paid an extra €419 in postage costs to send it back to Ireland. Molloy did not have such detail with him at that time but described such gifts as of a "corporate" kind, usually consisting of items such as Waterford Glass crystal. He did suspect that the barometer was a "probably sizeable" corporate gift to the Minister from NASA but claimed a lack of knowledge due to not having the relevant information at hand."
Rody Molloy's resignation.
Rody Molloy's resignation as director general of FÁS was announced on 25 November shortly before 23:00 by Tánaiste and Minister for Enterprise Mary Coughlan. In the aftermath, the Labour Party leader Eamon Gilmore said the rest of the board's situation was "untenable". Molloy said he would not appear before the Oireachtas Public Accounts Committee on 27 November to investigate the issues that cost him his job, with Assistant Director General, Christy Cooney acting as accounting officer for the meeting instead. He also received €500,000 compensation for resigning. Molloy later claimed he was "afraid of flying". He was replaced by a new six-month interim director-general, Eddie Sullivan, a former secretary general with the Department of Finance who was previously commissioned by the government to report on the 2006 rape law controversy, medical card fees for doctors and data protection legislation. On 16 January 2009, it was reported that Molloy would receive €111,000 severance payments and full pension benefits despite his resignation.
Additional spending controversies.
Croke Park controversy.
Questions have also been raised about Molloy's decision to move a jobs fair from the smaller RDS venue to the larger Croke Park stadium in Dublin. He described the catering facilities at the RDS as "unacceptable" in standard and price, before suggesting that children might be killed whilst crossing the road to obtain nutritional maintenance elsewhere and insisting that incoming Gaelic Athletic Association president Christy Cooney, an assistant director with FAS, was not involved in the move.
Astronaut video visit controversy.
Nearly €30,000 was spent by FÁS on a film crew to capture the 2006 visit of US astronaut, Commander Eileen Collins, whom the agency invited to Ireland to promote a science project. €7,856 was incurred on the Cork leg of Collins's visit, whilst €16,000 expenses arose from filming her tour of Dublin schools. Hiring the cameraman and equipment cost €5,900. Added to this €30,000 estimate was a €13,000 bill for the chauffeur-driven limousines hired for the drive around Ireland, availed of not only by the astonaut but also by some senior executives of FÁS.
Individuals.
Mary Hanafin.
Mary Hanafin defended her involvement in the scandal by saying she was in the United States "to present certificates" to students at NASA headquarters.
Peter McLoone.
The head of the FÁS board, Peter McLoone, denied that he had "turned a blind eye" to foreign travel expenses, saying he was "never aware" of any excess expenditure.
Rody Molloy.
Rody Molloy is a career civil servant who was appointed as director general of FÁS eight years prior to his resignation. Before this, he had served in a number of government departments including Industry and Commerce, Department of the Taoiseach and Foreign Affairs, gaining much of his FÁS management skills at the Department of Enterprise, Trade and Employment where he received promotion to the level of assistant secretary. Molloy is originally from Birr, County Offaly (the Taoiseach's constituency) but resided in Maynooth, County Kildare at the break-out of the scandal. His communication skills led to high praise from the Taoiseach Bertie Ahern during the years of economic boom brought on by the Celtic Tiger. He once described his "principal interest in life" as GAA; an avid hurling fan he was overheard boasting to a Dáil committee that he had tickets to a game at Croke Park. He is married to Noreen, and has four children.
Mary Harney.
In a Radio 1 interview on 27 November, Fianna Fáil TD Mary O'Rourke described Mary Harney's involvement in the scandal as "a load of hoo-hah". Health Minister Mary Harney has defended her use of expenses while on a FÁS trip to the US. On 28 November Mary Harney defended herself with the claim that she was "not on holiday", had not used public taxes for her own personal grooming, blamed the use of the government jet on the Taoiseach and had followed "advice" in claiming her expenses. When she admitted using her time in the United States to receive a visit from a relative, the Labour Party leader Eamon Gilmore asked her to resign.
Outcome.
In a statement released on 29 November, the Board of FÁS said they had assured the Minister for Enterprise, Trade and Employment of their determination to release "all matters of concern about past practice" to the public domain. The Public Accounts Committee is set to report on the scandal in 2009. Mary Harney's husband, the former FÁS chairman Brian Geogheghan, is amongst those to be interviewed about his expenditure by the Public Accounts Committee.
On the day prior to this, the Irish Times published a letter from FÁS instructor Niamh McCarthy telling of how she was instructed by a representative from FÁS that any student absent from class for a day, with or without a doctor's certificate, is to have 80 cents deducted from their €4 trainee weekly meal allowance.
Reaction.
Michael Lillis, a former leading civil servant and diplomat, said Molloy "should not have been driven out" and that he "played an important part for a generation in developing the Irish economy".
Report.
A Public Accounts Committee report on the affair was released on 19 February 2009. It found that proper procurement protocols were not adhered to and standard foreign travel policy was not abided by FÁS, resulting in a loss to the Exchequer. It found that FÁS should not have paid for flights of former board members, journalists and spouses of executives, whilst costs in respect of ministers and civil servants should have been borne by the department.
The report says FÁS's expenditure of €35 million on advertising between 2003 and 2007 was carried out in "an unorthodox fashion from a procurement perspective".
Sunday Independent once again exposes Molloy.
In September 2009, the Sunday Independent reignited the FÁS controversy when it reported that Mr Molloy had had his pension topped up by Tánaiste Mary Coughlan.
The front page story, written by the paper's Chief Reporter, Daniel McConnell, detailed how Mr Molloy's pension was added to by the tune of an additional four and a half years, bringing the overall value of his pension to over €4m. The matter was made worse as two senior ministers, Brian Lenihan and Mary Coughlan appeared to blame each other for the affair.
The following day at the FF party think-in at Athlone, Tánaiste Mary Coughlan defended the move to top up Mr Molloy's pension saying it was politically imperitive to see a change of DG. The matter rumbled on for weeks with the Tánaiste initially stating she acted on legal advice and said she did so to avoid a lengthy court battle to remove Mr Molloy from his position. Taosieach Brian Cowen later admitted that in fact there had been no threat by Mr Molloy nor had legal advice been sought. The issue was further raised at the Public Accounts Committee where more damaging revelations emerged. There were calls for Ms Coughlan to resign her post. Coughlan would go on to lose her seat in the 2011 general election.
In November 2009, the Sunday Independent revealed how Catriona Ceitin exposed the top-up granted to Mr Molloy.
The enhanced severance packages offered to Secretary Generals created much controversy and discussions over the following two years and in November 2011, it was announced that such severance deals would no longer be available to future Secretary Generals.
References.
29. * Woman who revealed FAS Golden Handshake – Independent.ie – 1 Nov 2009
30. * No more golden handshakes – Independent.- civil servants wave goodbye to generous severance payments – Independent.ie – 8 Nov 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20418789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418789" title="Blue Giant">
Blue Giant

Blue Giant is an American rock band from Portland, Oregon. An eclectic mix of classic country, indie rock, and psychedelic styles, Blue Giant have been called a Portland supergroup. The band was originally composed of the songwriters and musicians from Viva Voce, Kevin Robinson and Anita Robinson, Chris Funk of The Decemberists, Evan Railton of Swords, and Seth Lorinczi of The Golden Bears, Circus Lupus & The Quails. Musically, Blue Giant could be characterized as rural-psych rock, with one music critic calling them a perfect country-rock band.
History.
After touring extensively in 2007 with The Shins and Jimmy Eat World, Kevin and Anita Robinson of Viva Voce took a brief hiatus. Tiring of the confines of a two-piece band, they began writing songs they considered for another band. Evan Railton of Swords was asked to play drums. Seth Lorinczi of The Golden Bears & Circus Lupus was invited to play bass. Last to join on pedal steel was Chris Funk of The Decemberists, who, upon hearing the bands early demos, demanded to join the band. Infused with their own respective indie-rock, punk and DIY backgrounds, the Blue Giant songs reflect a greater part of the Robinson's Southern heritage.
The band name is a reference to a blue giant star, a transitory phase in the life cycle of a star, and one of the brightest types of stars in the universe.
Blue Giant played their first show in June 2008 headlining the Wonder Ballroom in Portland. The band gave each audience member a free download of their first recording.
Collaborations.
Blue Giant has recorded and performed with Corin Tucker of Sleater Kinney. Tucker's distinct voice is featured on a duet with Kevin Robinson on Blue Giant's debut EP.
Portland Tour.
Delving further in their collaborative spirit, Blue Giant went on a mini-tour of Portland in October 2008, each night bolstered by special guests such as Corin Tucker of Sleater Kinney, Sam Coomes of Quasi, Corrina Repp and Rachel Blumberg of Norfolk & Western, and M. Ward. The tour culminated in a collaboration with The Portland Cello Project, which saw Blue Giant accompanied by nine cellists.
Target Heart.
Prior to release, Kevin Robinson was asked to talk about Blue Giant and the "Target Heart EP" in an eMusic Selects Q&A, on November 10, 2008. The 6 track CD EP was subsequently released by the imprint label Amore!Phonics. The 12" vinyl version of the album contains two additional tracks ("Wasn't Born To Follow" by The Byrds, and "Got To Be Free" by The Kinks) and was released through Jealous Butcher Records, the same label that printed the vinyl edition of Viva Voce's "Rose City".
New Tour, Record Deal, and Lineup Change.
In February 2010, the band announced a nationwide tour and a recording deal with Vanguard Records, with plans to release a debut LP album on July 13, 2010. The announcement also stated that Funk and Lorinczi had relinquished their duties on pedal steel and bass, being replaced by Jesse Bates and Dave Depper, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20418831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418831" title="NGC 14">
NGC 14

NGC 14 is an irregular galaxy in the Pegasus constellation.

</doc>
<doc id="20418886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418886" title="2008 Ondrej Nepela Memorial">
2008 Ondrej Nepela Memorial

The 2008 Ondrej Nepela Memorial () was the Ondrej Nepela Memorial competition for the 2008-2009 figure skating season. It was the 16th edition of the Ondrej Nepela Memorial to be held. The Ondrej Nepela Memorial is an annual senior-level international figure skating competition held in Bratislava, Slovakia. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and ice dancing.
The 2008 competition was held in the Ondrej Nepela Ice Rink between November 22 and November 23, 2008. The compulsory dance was the Paso Doble.

</doc>
<doc id="20418901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418901" title="Albert Stevens">
Albert Stevens

Albert Stevens (1887–1966), also known as patient CAL-1, was the subject of a human radiation experiment, and survived the highest known accumulated radiation dose in any human. On May 14, 1945, he was injected with 131 kBq (3.55 µCi) of plutonium without his knowledge or informed consent.
Plutonium remained present in his body for the remainder of his life, the amount decaying slowly through radioactive decay and biological elimination. Stevens died of heart disease some 20 years later, having accumulated an effective radiation dose of 64 Sv (6400 rem) over that time period. The current annual permitted dose for a radiation worker in the United States is 5 rem.
Background.
Plutonium was first synthesized in 1940 and isolated in 1941 by chemists at the University of California, Berkeley. Early research (pre-1944) was carried out on small samples manufactured using a cyclotron. The Manhattan Project built mass scale production facilities for the war effort. In November 1943, the X-10 Graphite Reactor at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory began producing significant amounts of the element, and industrial–scale production began in March 1945 with the commissioning of the B Reactor at the Hanford Site in Washington State. The plutonium produced by the B-reactor was earmarked for the implosion-type, plutonium cored nuclear weapons that were being developed as part of the Manhattan Project. Of the three nuclear weapons made during the war, two of them used plutonium as their fissile material.
Plutonium was handled extensively by chemists, technicians, and physicists taking part in the Manhattan Project, but the effects of plutonium exposure on the human body were largely unknown. A few mishaps in 1944 had caused certain alarm amongst project leaders, and contamination was becoming a major problem in and outside the laboratories. Plutonium was tracked into civilian areas, plutonium dust was being breathed in by workers, and accidental ingestion was a grave concern for those who routinely handled it. In August 1944, a chemist named Don Mastick was sprayed in the face with liquid plutonium chloride, causing him to accidentally swallow some.
Manhattan Project.
Plutonium-238 and plutonium-239 are exceedingly difficult to detect inside the body because they are alpha particle emitters. Unlike the case of radium, which can be detected quite easily, there are no gamma rays to detect from outside the body. As long as a person is alive, the simplest way to detect plutonium would be to analyze a person's excretion thorough urine and feces. Unfortunately, this method has its limits in that only a small fraction of 94Pu is excreted, for example 0.01% of the body burden per day is typical, 2 to 3 weeks after exposure.
As the Manhattan Project continued to use plutonium, airborne contamination began to be a major concern. Nose swipes were taken frequently of the workers, with numerous cases of moderate and high readings. While Dr. Robert Stone was the Health Director at the Met Lab in 1944, lead chemist Glenn Seaborg, discoverer of many transuranium elements including plutonium, urged him that a safety program be developed and suggested "that a program to trace the course of plutonium in the body be initiated as soon as possible ... the very highest priority."
Tracer experiments were begun in 1944 with rats and other animals with the knowledge of all of the Manhattan project managers and health directors of the various sites. In 1945, human tracer experiments began with the intent to determine how to properly analyze excretion samples to estimate body burden. Numerous analytic methods were devised by the lead doctors at the Met Lab (Chicago), Los Alamos, Rochester, Oak Ridge, and Berkeley. The first human plutonium injection experiments were approved in April 1945 for three tests: April 10 at the Manhattan Project Army Hospital in Oak Ridge, April 26 at Billings Hospital in Chicago, and May 14 at the University of California Hospital in San Francisco. Albert Stevens was the person selected in the California test and designated "CAL-1" in official documents.
The plutonium experiments were not isolated events. During this time, cancer researchers were attempting to discover whether certain radioactive elements might be useful to treat cancer. Recent studies on radium, polonium, and uranium proved foundational to the study of 94Pu toxicity. For example, polonium (another alpha emitter) research indicated that test sample contamination was a major concern, which is why a clean room had to be established at Los Alamos in February 1945 in the Medical Labs Building.
The mastermind behind this human experiment with plutonium was Dr. Joseph Gilbert Hamilton, a Manhattan Project doctor in charge of the human experiments in California. Hamilton had been experimenting on people (including himself) since the 1930s at Berkeley. He was working with other Manhattan Project doctors to perform toxicity studies on plutonium. It was Hamilton who had begun the 1944 tracer experiments on rats. The opportunity to select a human patient was relatively easy: Hamilton was not only a physicist assigned to U.C. Berkeley, he was "professor of experimental medicine and radiology" at U.C. San Francisco." Hamilton eventually succumbed to the radiation that he explored for most of his adult life: he died of leukemia at the age of 49.
Although Stevens was the person who received the highest dose of radiation during the plutonium experiments, he was neither the first nor the last subject to be studied. Eighteen people aged 4 to 69 were injected with plutonium. Subjects who were chosen for the experiment had been diagnosed with a terminal disease. They lived from 6 days up to 44 years past the time of their injection. Eight of the 18 died within 2 years of the injection. All died from their preexisting terminal illness, or cardiac illnesses. None died from the plutonium itself. Patients from Rochester, Chicago, and Oak Ridge were also injected with plutonium in the Manhattan Project human experiments.
As with all radiological testing during World War II, it would have been difficult to receive informed consent for Pu injection studies on civilians. Within the Manhattan Project, plutonium was referred to often by its code "49" or simply the "product." Few outside of the Manhattan Project would have known of plutonium, much less of the dangers of radioactive isotopes inside the body. There is no evidence that Stevens had any idea that he was the subject of a secret government experiment in which he would be subjected to a substance that would have no benefit to his health.
Experiment on Stevens.
Stevens was a house painter, originally from Ohio, who had settled in California in the 1920s with his wife. He had checked into the University of California Hospital in San Francisco with a gastric ulcer that was misdiagnosed as terminal cancer. According to Earl Miller, acting chief of radiology at the time, he was chosen for this study because "he was doomed" to die.
Stevens was injected with a mixture of plutonium isotopes having the Pu(VI) chemical species (Pu+6) as the nitrate PuO2(NO3)2. The injection consisted of 0.2 micrograms of 238Pu and 0.75 micrograms of 239Pu. According to Kenneth Scott, a scientist who worked at the U.C. Berkeley Rad Lab alongside Dr. John H. Lawrence and Nobel laureate Ernest Lawrence, U.C. San Francisco radiologist Earl Miller injected the plutonium into Albert's body. Scott transported the plutonium from the lab to the hospital where Albert Stevens was being treated for stomach cancer. Miller repeatedly denied that he injected plutonium.
According to Scott, "Stevens got many times the so-called lethal textbook dose of plutonium."
Although the original estimates (and some later figures) concerning the activity of the injected solution were erroneous, modern research indicates that Stevens (who weighed ) was injected with 3.5 μCi 238Pu, and 0.046 μCi 239Pu, giving him an initial body burden of 3.546 μCi total activity. The fact that he had the highly radioactive Pu-238 (produced in the 60-inch cyclotron at the Crocker Laboratory by deuteron bombardment of natural uranium) contributed heavily to his long-term dose. Had all of the plutonium given to Stevens been the long-lived Pu-239 used as in similar experiments of the time, Stevens's lifetime dose would have been significantly smaller. The short half-life of 87.7 years of Pu-238 means that a large amount of it decayed during its time inside his body, especially when compared to the 24,100 year half-life of Pu-239.
When specimens were taken during Stevens's cancer surgery, Earl Miller took them for radiological testing; Scott collected urine and stool samples. When the hospital's pathologist analyzed the materials removed from Stevens during surgery, a startling conclusion was made: Stevens had no cancer. Evidence was that surgeons removed a "benign gastric ulcer with chronic inflammation." The hospital staff reacted with disbelief. There had been no reason for surgery, although the size of the inflammation was extraordinary. There had also been no therapeutic intent for the experiment, although surgeons assumed that Stevens had received radioactive phosphorus for "special studies."
While at the hospital, "both a radiologist and a surgical consultant concluded that Albert probably had cancer but suggested a gastroscopy be done to confirm the diagnosis." This had never been done. Prior to Stevens's trip to the hospital, "A local physician suspected Albert had a malignant ulcer that had spread to the liver and advised him to consult specialists at the University of California Hospital." Stevens's surgeons found a "huge, ulcerating, carcinomatous mass that had grown into his spleen and liver... Half of the left lobe of the liver, the entire spleen, most of the ninth rib, lymph nodes, part of the pancreas, and a portion of the omentum... were taken out" to help prevent the spread of the cancer that Stevens did not have.
After surgery.
Once Stevens was out of surgery, his urine and stool samples were analyzed for plutonium activity. The Pu-238 helped the researchers in this respect, because it was much easier to detect. But as Stevens's condition improved and his medical bills soared, he was sent home to recover. The Manhattan District decided to pay for his urine and stool samples to keep him close to San Francisco on the pretext that his "cancer" surgery and remarkable recovery were being studied.
According to Stevens's surviving son Thomas, Albert kept samples in a shed behind his house for storage; an intern and a nurse would pick them up once a week. The original data from Stevens's stool and urine samples was collected for 340 days post-injection. Kenneth Scott analyzed the samples, but he never told Stevens the true reason for collecting them; he also recalled that Stevens's sister was a nurse and quite suspicious. Whenever Stevens had continued health problems, he would return to the U.C.S.F. hospital and receive free gastro-intestinal lab work by Dr. Robert Stone, a radiologist who performed extensive human experiments in the 1940s. About 10 years after the injection, a "radiologist noted 'rather marked' degeneration in the lumbar region of his spine and several degenerating discs." Plutonium, like radium and many other heavy metals, accumulates in the bones.
None of the people at U.C.S.F. or those who treated Stevens never explained to Stevens that he did not have cancer, nor did they disclose to him that he was a part of an experiment; his wife and daughter "figured they were using him for a guinea pig," but that the experimental treatment had worked. Thomas Stevens, Albert's son, always filled out medical forms indicating that there was a "history of cancer" in his family because his father had been led to believe that the "treatment" for his cancer had worked.
Albert Stevens received approximately 6400 rem (64 Sv) in the 20 years after his injection, or about 300 rem (3 Sv) per year. The annual, whole–body dose currently permitted to radiation workers in the United States is 5 rem; Steven's annual dose was approximately 60 times this amount.
He died on January 9, 1966, of cardiorespiratory failure (heart disease) at the age of 79. His cremated remains were shipped to the Argonne National Laboratory Center for Human Radiobiology in 1975, but they were never returned to the chapel which held them from 1966 to 1975. Some of the ashes were transferred to the National Human Radiobiology Tissue Repository at Washington State University, which keeps the remains of people who died having radioisotopes in their body.
In a 1975 study of the eighteen people who received plutonium injections in Manhattan Project experiments, CAL-1 (Albert Stevens) was shown to have received by far the highest dose to his bones and liver, calculated as 580 and 1460 rad, respectively. The dose of 580 rad was calculated based on the "average skeletal dose" contributed from the two radionuclides Pu-238 (575 rad) and Pu-239 (7.7 rad). This was then converted to the bone's surface dose, which was 7,420 rad. Stevens's absorbed dose was almost entirely based on the Pu-238 in his system. One of the findings of the 1975 study was that Stevens and five others injected with plutonium had endured "doses high enough to be considered carcinogenic. However, no bone tumors have yet appeared." The word "yet" reflected the fact that four other subjects were still alive in 1975.
Investigative journalism.
Pulitzer Prize–winning author Eileen Welsome wrote extensively about Stevens and other unwitting subjects of similar experiments in "The Plutonium Files: America's Secret Medical Experiments in the Cold War" in 1999. She had uncovered the stories and published a series of articles in 1993 detailing the identification of CAL-1, CAL-2 (4-year-old Simeon Shaw), CAL-3 (Elmer Allen), and others. Her work brought intense scrutiny on the wartime experiments which made Stevens famous, posthumously, for his contributions to science without informed consent. Shortly after the article was published in November 1993, the Secretary of Energy, Hazel O'Leary, publicly stated that the government should compensate victims. Responding to the issues revealed by Welsome, President Bill Clinton ordered the formation of the Advisory Committee on Human Radiation Experiments on January 15, 1994, to investigate. Welsome was highly critical of the committee's final report, which was released in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20418930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418930" title="WNOX">
WNOX

WNOX (93.1 FM, "Classic Hits 93.1") is a radio station broadcasting a classic hits music format. Licensed to the suburb of Karns, Tennessee, it serves the Knoxville, Tennessee metropolitan area. It first began broadcasting in 1988 under the call sign WCKS. The station is currently owned by Journal Broadcast Group.
History.
After being assigned the call letters WCKS on October 03, 1988, this station switched call signs to WWZZ on December 03, 1990.
WWST and WMYU frequency swap.
On May 20, 1994, 93.1 FM changed to "Star 93.1 FM" with the call sign "WWST". On that same date, sister station WSEV-FM switched call letters to WMYU as "Oldies 102". On March 9, 2001, the two stations swapped frequencies bringing "WMYU" to 93.1 FM while the WWST call letters were moved to 102.1 FM as "Star 102.1" where they remain. WMYU most recently broadcast an 80s Oldies format until November 26, 2008, when the station switched to a country music format as "Q93" switching their call sign to WCYQ. On May 9, 2013, WCYQ changed their call letters to WNOX, swapping calls with WNOX 100.3 FM Oak Ridge, Tennessee, which took the WCYQ calls.
On May 23, 2013 WNOX split from its simulcast with country-formatted WCYQ 100.3 FM Oak Ridge, Tennessee and changed their format to classic hits, branded as "Classic Hits 93.1". The afternoon drive show is hosted by Frank Murphy, the station's assistant program director.

</doc>
<doc id="20418933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418933" title="Larry Bud Wright">
Larry Bud Wright

Larry Bud Wright is the head coach of the Sheridan High School (Indiana) football team as of 2011. He is the winningest coach in Indiana High School football history.
History.
Wright was born December 13, 1940 in Frankfort, Indiana, and is a 1963 Graduate of Ball State University. In his 46 years at Sheridan High through 2011 he has a record of 368-160-2 including nine Indiana High School State Championships and two State Runner Up. He is tied with Jerry Brewer of Jasper for the most wins in Indiana High School football history. His nine titles are tied for first all-time in Indiana. He was inducted into the Indiana High School Football Coaches Hall of fame on September 28, 2002.
The Sheridan Blackhawks last played for the 2008 IHSAA Class A championship on Friday, November 28 in Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis, Indiana losing to Cardinal Ritter High School denying Wright from a 4th consecutive championship
Outstanding Players Coached include Brad Maynard, punter with the Chicago Bears and Brett Law, a National Record Holder.
Wright also has two sons in the coaching profession, Kevin (Head Coach, Carmel High School) and Kent (Head Coach Lebanon High School),

</doc>
<doc id="20418977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20418977" title="Congregation Beth Ahabah">
Congregation Beth Ahabah

Beth Ahabah () is a Reform synagogue in Richmond, Virginia. Founded in 1789 by Spanish and Portuguese Jews as Kahal Kadosh Beth Shalome (Hebrew: Holy Congregation, House of Peace,) it is one of the oldest synagogues in the United States.
History.
When the congregation was founded, there were 100 Jews in Richmond's population of 3,900. After meeting for some years in leased space, the congregation built its first synagogue in 1822. It was a handsome if modest, one-story, brick building in Georgian style.
The community grew and in 1841 the Ashkenazi members founded a new congregation called Beth Ahabah. In 1846 Beth Ahabah established the first Jewish school in Richmond, and 1846 built a synagogue at Eleventh and Marshall Streets. The Congregation moved toward Reform in 1867 with discussion of acquiring an organ, the decision to switch to family pews (mixing men and women,) and allowing women to join the choir. Beth Ahabah joined the Reform Movement Union of American Hebrew Congregations in 1875. A new building was erected, also at Eleventh and Marshall, in 1880. In 1898 K.K. Beth Shalome formally merged with Congregation Beth Ahabah.[http://www.bethahabah.org/our-history.htm]
On March 4, 1904 the congregation laid the cornerstone for its present building, known as the Franklin Street Synagogue The building was dedicated on December 9, 1904. The domed, Neoclassical synagogue was designed by the Richmond-based firm of Noland and Baskervill, who also designed nearby St. James' Church and the wings of the Virginia State Capitol. The synagogue has 29 stained glass windows. Most notable is a window on the building's eastern wall created and signed by the Louis Comfort Tiffany Studios in 1923. It depicts Mt. Sinai.
The congregation maintains the Hebrew Cemetery of Richmond and the Cemetery for Hebrew Confederate Soldiers, as well as the original site of the 1789 Franklin Street Burial Grounds, which was the first Jewish cemetery in Virginia.
Beth Ahabah Museum.
Congregation Beth Ahabah is the home of the Beth Ahabah Museum & Archives, located at 1109 West Franklin Street. Established in 1977, the museum's focus is the history and culture of Richmond's Jewish community and the Southern Jewish experience. Three galleries feature changing exhibits. The museum is open from Sunday through Thursday.

</doc>
<doc id="20419067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419067" title="Ford Observatory">
Ford Observatory

"This article is about the California observatory. For the New York location see Ford Observatory (Ithaca)".
The Clinton B. Ford Observatory (Wrightwood) (Observatory Code 674) is an astronomical observatory that is associated historically with the American Association of Variable Star Observers (AAVSO). The observatory is located near the border of the Angeles National Forest and the San Bernardino National Forest near Wrightwood, California (USA). It was founded by the late astronomer Clinton B. Ford. 
In 2012, the Clinton B. Ford Observatory was donated to the Los Angeles Astronomical Society (LAAS). 

</doc>
<doc id="20419071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419071" title="Saccharum arundinaceum">
Saccharum arundinaceum

Saccharum arundinaceum, commonly known as Hardy Sugar Cane, is a grass native to South Asia. In Tamil it is known as நாணல் (nāṇal). In Assamese it is known as মেগেলা কুঁহিয়াৰ "meghela kuhiyaar", the word কুঁহিয়াৰ (kuhiyaar) meaning sugarcane. It is a species which is endemic to the grasslands of the famous Kaziranga National Park of Assam, India .

</doc>
<doc id="20419098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419098" title="Vijay Salaskar">
Vijay Salaskar

Vijay Salaskar () was a Senior Police Inspector and encounter specialist serving with the Mumbai police. He was widely credited with killing 75–80 criminals in encounters — most of these were members of the Arun Gawli gang. Salaskar was killed while fighting terrorists in the November 2008 Mumbai attacks.
Captured terrorist Ajmal Amir Kasab claimed responsibility for the killing.
Before his death Salaskar was head of the Anti-Extortion Cell, Mumbai. His patriotism and bravery was honoured with the Ashoka Chakra on 26 January 2009.
Early life and his career.
Salaskar was born in a Maratha family. He had done his graduation in Commerce (M.Com) from Mumbai University. He joined Mumbai police as a sub inspector in 1983. "India Today" reports Salaskar's first lethal encounter occurred during his first year of appointment, when he shot dead Raja Shahabuddin, known to police on several counts.
Salaskar, who was reportedly sidelined for the last two years for unearthing the gutka-underworld nexus, was recently attached to the crime branch, where he headed the anti-extortion cell. An officer of the 1983 batch, Salaskar in his 24 years of service had eliminated many criminals. Amar Naik, Jaggu Shetty, Sadhu Shetty, Kundan Singh Rawat, Zahoor Makhanda are some of the gangsters who have fallen to Salaskar’s bullets. According to sources, the police officer had once even gone hunting for former don Arun Gawli. “But Gawli fled from the scene, forcing Salaskar to return empty-handed. However, Salaskar got even by killing his two trusted men, Sada Pawle and Vijay Tandel, in 1997, triggering allegations that the encounters were fake. After this, Gawli was so scared that during the 2005 elections, he complained to the government that Salaskar was trying to kill him and requested that he be transferred,’’ sources said.
This is what Salaskar said in 2004 about Gawli." Gawli may have become an MLA. But for me, he continues to remain a former Mumbai don and I have to keep tabs on his activities. If I get any information of his group's involvement in a crime or learn about any shady activity going on at Dagdi Chawl, I will not hesitate to raid his Byculla residence. If I have to arrest him, I will not refrain from doing so. Now that Gawli is an MLA, arresting him will involve certain procedures. I will not bow to any political pressure. I will only take orders from the police commissioner, who is my supreme commander. It was embarrassing that khaki-clad policemen would be deployed to protect Gawli. In the past, we refused him police protection on several occasions. At that time, I had gunned down several of his top henchmen and so he was scared of me. But if Gawli is really reformed, he should not be afraid of me or any other policeman. We do not target innocent persons."
Death.
Vijay Salaskar was killed in action by terrorists during the Mumbai attacks, on 26 November 2008.
"India Express" quotes statements by Constable Arun Jadhav, who was with the officers Vijay Salaskar, Ashok Kamte and Hemant Karkare when they died.
The three officers and four constables had received information that Sadanand Date had been wounded while resisting hostile terrorist action at the Cama and Albless Hospital for women and children.
Currently located at Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST), a ten-minute drive from the hospital, they took a Toyota Qualis and proceeded in that direction. Salaskar was driving, Ashok Kamte in the passenger seat, Hemant Karkare in the second row, and the four Constables, including Jadhav, were in the back row of seating. According to Jadhav, five minutes later two terrorists stepped out from behind a tree and opened fire with AK-47 automatic rifles. The six policemen, other than Jadhav, were all killed quickly in the gunfire. The wounded Jadhav had no opportunity to render assistance. The two terrorists approached the vehicle, dumped the bodies of the three officers on the road and, leaving the constables for dead, proceeded to Metro Junction. Upon arrival, they aimed three bursts of automatic fire at police and journalist vehicles drawn up at that location, then drove off towards the government offices (Vidhan Bhawan) in South Mumbai. Here again they fired several times. While attempting to leave the area, one of the tyres of the vehicle burst, so the terrorists departed to obtain another. At this point, Jadhav was able to contact headquarters. The bodies of the dead were promptly recovered and taken to St George Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="20419107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419107" title="Alan Herbert (Canadian politician)">
Alan Herbert (Canadian politician)

Alan Herbert is a Canadian politician and activist, who was an NPA member of Vancouver City Council from 1996 to 1999.
A prominent gay activist in Vancouver, Herbert was instrumental in securing a liquor licence for the Fountainhead Pub, one of the city's primary gay bars, and in helping to develop Davie Village. He was also a chair of the Vancouver Pride Society and AIDS Vancouver, and a founder of McLaren House, Canada's first housing centre for people with HIV and AIDS.
However, Herbert's activism in securing the Fountainhead liquor license resulted in his becoming one of two candidates, along with Nancy Chiavario, dropped from the NPA's candidate slate in the 1999 municipal elections. He entered discussions with the Coalition of Progressive Electors to join their slate, but COPE had room for only one of the two candidates and chose Chiavario. He ran as an independent candidate, but was not re-elected to council.
In the 2002 municipal elections, Herbert and Chiavario were both involved in the creation of vcaTeam, a new candidate slate which was not successful in electing candidates to council.
Herbert has continued to participate in Vancouver politics as an activist. He remains on the board of the Vancouver Pride Society, participated in the campaign to save St. Paul's Hospital from closure in 2005, and supported transgender activist Jamie Lee Hamilton's 2008 campaign for election to the Vancouver Park Board.

</doc>
<doc id="20419111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419111" title="Walter Stone">
Walter Stone

Walter Stone may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20419122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419122" title="Gillham Road">
Gillham Road

Gillham Road is a major north/south main street that runs in Kansas City, Missouri from 22nd Street to 46th Street. Gillham Road becomes Gillham Plaza from 31st Street to 34th Street. This causes Gillham Road to go over one block east into a residential neighborhood. Gillham Road is the center of Hyde Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20419126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419126" title="George Storey">
George Storey

George Storey is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1940s, and '50s, playing at club level for Castleford.

</doc>
<doc id="20419147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419147" title="William Storey">
William Storey

William Storey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20419149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419149" title="Declaration of Lex Talionis">
Declaration of Lex Talionis

Early in the First English Civil War the Long Parliament threatened to retaliate in kind if the Royalists tried and executed John Lilburne and two other Parliamentary offices for treason. Lilburne later described this as the declaration of Lex Talionis, and it brought about a practical—rather than moral—mutual restraint by the parties to the war on how they treated prisoners of war.
Early in the English Civil War, John Lilburne, a prominent supporter of the Parliamentary cause who because of his radical views was known as "Free Born John", was captured by the Royalists during the Battle of Brentford while serving as a captain in the Parliamentary army. Moves were taken to try him and two other prisoners of war (Clifton Catesby and Robert Vivers), in the civil court of the Kings Bench as traitors. Elizabeth, Lilburne's wife, appealed to Parliament and on 17 December 1642 Parliament stated that it would hold the Judge and officials of the court responsible for the treatment of the three men, and if they were tried and punished would retaliate in kind against Royalist prisoners of war. This lifted the threat to the men and in May 1643 Lilburne was exchanged for Royalist prisoners of war. 
Thanks to the declaration of Lex Talionis, in England during the war Royalist prisoners of war were not tried and executed as traitors, but the Parliamentary side were well aware of what could happen if they lost the war, as Edward Montagu, 2nd Earl of Manchester a Parliamentary general said "We may beat the king 99 times, and yet he will be king still. If he beats us but once, we shall be hanged".
At the end of the First Civil War the Parliamentarians allowed English Royalists to return to their homes paroled on terms that they would not take up arms against Parliament again.
After the Second Civil War the Parliamentarians were not as inclined to offer such generous terms and they executed a number of leading Royalist prisoners. On the evening of the surrender of Colchester, Sir Charles Lucas and Sir George Lisle were shot. Major-General Rowland Laugharne, and colonels John Poyer and Rice Powell all of whom had commanded Royalist forces in Wales, were sentenced to death, but Poyer alone was executed on 25 April 1649, being the victim selected by lot. Of five prominent Royalist peers who fell into the hands of Parliament, three, the Duke of Hamilton, the Earl of Holland, and Lord Capel, one of the Colchester prisoners and a man of high character, were beheaded at Westminster on 9 March. Above all, after long hesitations, even after renewal of negotiations, the Grandees of the New Model Army and the Independents conducted "Pride's Purge" of the House removing their ill-wishers, and created the High court of Justice for the trial and sentence of King Charles I. At the end of the trial the 59 Commissioners (judges) found "Charles Stuart, that man of blood" guilty of high treason, as a "tyrant, traitor, murderer and public enemy". He was beheaded on a scaffold in front of the Banqueting House of the Palace of Whitehall on 30 January 1649.
Irish Catholics were an exception.
Parliament did not consider this restraint as binding on their treatment of any Irish Catholics who might cross the Irish Sea to fight in England and in 1644 they passed the "Ordinance of no quarter to the Irish" when it looked possible that the Confederation of Kilkenny would send an army to assist Charles I. The terms of the ordinance as the name suggests decree that no quarter should be given on the capture of any Irish Catholics found fighting for the Royalists in England or Wales (Scotland was another realm and under a different jurisdiction).

</doc>
<doc id="20419171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419171" title="Julia Kiniski">
Julia Kiniski

Julia Kiniski (b. 1899 in Poland - d. October 11, 1969 in Edmonton, Alberta), was an aldermen on the Edmonton City Council from 1963 until her death in 1969. Kiniski unsuccessfully ran for the office to which she was eventually elected eleven times, beginning in 1945, as an independent candidate or as a candidate for far-left parties.
Biography.
Kiniski's family emigrated to Chipman, Alberta in 1912. At the age of sixteen she married her husband, Nicholas, with whom she raised six children, including wrestler Gene Kiniski. In 1936, Kiniski and her husband moved to Edmonton. He worked as a barber, making $5 a week, while she sold cosmetics and managed a café. Having dropped out of school after the seventh grade, in later life Kiniski "nrolled in University of Alberta Extension courses, studying psychology, philosophy and world affairs". 
During her numerous unsuccessful campaigns for local office, Kiniski "became an accomplished, albeit unconventional, speaker". As a politician, she was "nown and loved as supporter of the common people", whose success spurred renewed civic involvement:
As a member of the city council, "ne of her pet projects... was her fight to support tenants in basement suites".
She died of a heart attack at the age of 70, and was succeeded in office by her son, Julian Kinisky, who won the seat vacated by his mother's death in the 1970 by-election. An elementary school in Edmonton is named for her, as is the neighborhood of Kiniski Gardens.
Table of election results.
Elections won are in bold. In most years, five of the ten alderman seats were up for re-election, with the top five vote recipients winning those seats. Beginning in 1964, all seats were up for election every two years.

</doc>
<doc id="20419174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419174" title="Ashok Kamte">
Ashok Kamte

Ashok Kamte AC (23 February 1965 – 26 November 2008) was the Additional Commissioner of the Mumbai Police supervising the Eastern region. He was killed by terrorist bullets, while in action during the 2008 Mumbai attacks. His bravery was honored with the Ashoka Chakra on 26 January 2009.
Personal Background.
Ashok Kamte was born on 23 February 1965 in a Maratha family. His schooling consisted of The Rajkumar College, Rajkot, and then the Kodaikanal International School for five years. He was an international scholarship recipient at Camp Rising Sun in 1980 and subsequently graduated with the Class of 1982. He completed his bachelor's degree from St. Xavier's College, Mumbai, graduating in 1985 and a post graduate degree in Arts from the St. Stephen's College, Delhi, 1985–87. An accomplished athlete, he represented India at the junior power-lifting championship in Peru in 1978.
Ashok Kamte was survived by his wife Vinita, their two sons Rahul(15)and Arjun(8), father Colonel M.R. Kamte(Retd.) of the Indian Army, mother, Prem and his sister, Sharmila.
Assignments in Police Career.
An Indian Police Service officer of the 1989 batch of the Maharashtra Cadre
Service Record
1989: Joined state as an Indian Police Service officer
1991: Posted as Assistant Superintendent of Police in Bhandara 
1994: Superintendent of Police, Satara 
1997–1999: Superintendent of Police, Thane rural 
1999–2000: U N Mission, Bosnia 
2000–2002: DCP, zone-1 Mumbai 
2002–2004: Superintendent of Police, Sangli 
2004–2005: Superintendent of Police, Kolhapur 
2006–2008: Commissioner of Police, Solapur 
June 2008 – November 2008: Additional Commissioner of Police, East zone, Mumbai
Service Medals
1995: Special service medal- Anti-naxalite operations
1999: UN medal
1999: Videsh seva medal for UN service
2004: Awarded Director General's insignia
2005: Antarik Suraksha Padak for Anti-naxalite operations
2006: Police medal
Functioning Style as a Police Officer.
Kamte was an excellent negotiator in crisis situations, a quality for which he was summoned late night on 26 November 2008 to deal with Pakistani terrorists holed up in Mumbai buildings. During his police career, Kamte had earned a substantial following of ordinary citizens as he took on hardened criminals and politicians with criminal backgrounds. Shortly after taking over the Sangli police department, the notorious criminal Raju Pujari was killed in a police encounter.
Kamte came into media limelight after an August 2007 incident in Solapur when he arrested Ravikant Patil, a three-time Member of the Legislative Assembly from Indi in neighboring Karnataka. Patil and his supporters were celebrating at the residence of Patil's brother Ratikant a Shiv Sena leader. They scuffled when police tried to enforce the law against bursting of crackers late in the night. Kamte sustained hand injuries in the process of arresting Patil. Patil suffered multiple wounds. The incident created an uproar in political circles but the people of Solapur supported Kamte. Kamte told the Times of India: "Law is equal for all and nobody has the right to violate it".
During Mumbai's occasional communal violence between Hindus and Muslims, the areas under his supervision remained largely free of riots. He was known to be a secular officer and equally loved and respected by both communities.
"He was a daredevil officer who had gained popularity matching of a Bollywood hero. He himself was on the roads maintaining peace after the Khairlanji massacre. While other cities in the state witnessed violence, Solapur remained calm", said Anand Salunkhe, former member of Solapur Municipal Transport.
Nearly 3000 people turned up to pay their respects to Additional Commissioner of Police Ashok Kamte who was cremated in Pune with full state honours. Kamte was one of the most respected and admired officers of the Mumbai Police force. News of his death sent shock waves not just across Maharashtra but across South India, where he had served in Belgaum for a period.
He was specially summoned on Wednesday night to deal with the terrorists who had laid siege to Mumbai. Kamte was part of the 1989 batch of the IPS of the Maharashtra cadre.
Kamte was shot along with Vijay Salaskar,Hemant Karkare and constables in a narrow lane between St. Xaviers College and Rang Bhavan by the terrorists.
"A cop that turned Solapur from a wrong city to the right one. The person who every responsible Solapurkar liked and loved. This community has been created to pay the respect and gratitude that he deserves," Survived by his wife and two children, Kamte is remembered by his friends at the IPS Academy as well as journalists that interacted with him as one of the bravest officers, ready to face any challenge in the line of duty".
Kamte was one of the 14 men from the police force who lost their lives in Mumbai's latest and biggest fight against terror.
Death.
Ashok Kamte was killed in action by terrorists during the Mumbai attacks, on 26 November 2008 in a narrow lane between St. Xavier's College and the Rang Bhavan opposite Corporation Bank ATM just a stone away from Crime Branch office.
Mr. Kamte was well known for his cool temperament and negotiation skills; during the attacks he offered his assistance due to being Additional Commissioner of the East zone; an area not under attack. When he reached CST area, upon arriving at Azad Maidan Police Station (AMPS) he met with ATS Chief Hemant Karkare and other police officers; they took a Police Toyota Qualis in pursuit of the reported terrorists with Kamte armed with an AK47. When they reached rear entrance of the Cama and Albless Hospital (A women and children's hospital) which is next to AMPS, Kamte spotted and fired at terrorists with the terrorists retaliating by throwing hand grenades; with the this situation Kamte suggested that they should take on the terrorists from the front entrance of the Cama. At this point the terrorists had left the Cama area before the Kamte's plan could be implemented; during pursuit the police received a report that the terrorists were hiding behind a red car in the same lane. At around the same time a terrorist was spotted running from the area which Kamte fired at, injuring him. The terrorist Ajmal Kasab was the only terrorist to be captured alive during the attacks. As they were about to get down another Pakistani terrorist, Ismail Khan fired a volley of bullets killing all but Asst. Police Inspector Arun Jadhav. Kamte was hit in the head; although he was wearing helmet with no ballistic vest. (Times of India 19 December 2008)
"India Express" quotes statements by API Arun Jadhav, who was with the officers Ashok Kamte, Vijay Salaskar and Hemant Karkare when they died.
The three officers and four constables had received information that Sadanand Date had been injured in the gunfire at the Cama and Albless Hospital for women and children.
Currently located at Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST), a ten-minute drive from the hospital, they took a Toyota Qualis and proceeded in that direction. Kamte was in the passenger seat, Salaskar driving, Karkare in the second row, and the four Constables, including Jadhav, were in the back row of seating. According to Jadhav, five minutes later two terrorists stepped out from behind a tree and opened fire with AK-47 automatic rifles. Kamte was the sole officer who managed to retaliate,wounding terrorist Ajmal in the arm. The six policemen, other than Jadhav, were all killed quickly in the gunfire. The wounded Jadhav had no opportunity to render assistance. The two terrorists approached the vehicle, dumped the bodies of the three officers on the road and, leaving the constables for dead, proceeded to Metro Junction. Upon arrival, they aimed three bursts of automatic fire at police and journalist vehicles drawn up at that location, then drove off towards the government offices (Vidhan Bhawan) in South Mumbai. Here again they fired several times. While attempting to leave the area, one of the tyres of the vehicle burst, so the terrorists departed to obtain another. At this point, Jadhav was able to contact headquarters. The bodies of the dead were promptly recovered and taken to St George Hospital.
The body of Additional Police Commissioner Ashok Kamte, was cremated with State honours at the Vaikunth cremotorium on 27 November 2008. A large number of high-ranking police officers participated in the funeral procession, including: Police Commissioner Satyapal Singh, Joint Commissioner of Police Rajendra Sonawane and district collector Chandrakant Dalvi. Around 3,000 people were present.

</doc>
<doc id="20419181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419181" title="Hochi Film Award">
Hochi Film Award

The are film-specific prizes awarded solely by the "Hochi Shimbun".

</doc>
<doc id="20419235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419235" title="Symphonic cycle">
Symphonic cycle

A symphonic song cycle can either refer to a symphony composed of separate movements played consecutively or to a set of symphonic works linked by theme, common composer, or common conductor. A symphonic cycle should not be confused with the closely related song cycle. 
Symphonic cycle as a whole symphonic work.
A symphony is essentially cyclic in nature, typically containing four interconnected movements as part of a larger work. At first the movements of a symphony were meant to be distributed among other works -- arias, overtures, concertos -- in extended evening social events at which music served a background or occasionally center role. The movements were meant to be connected and identified as part of the symphonic cycle through recall and quotation of earlier movements, and the finale movement meant to be seen as a destination and recap. It was not until Beethoven that a symphonic cycle came to be seen as a work needing isolated, consecutive play of the constituent movements. 
Symphonic cycle as a set of works.
A symphonic cycle may also refer to a set of symphonies linked through a common composer or conductor. For example, the symphonic repertoire of Ludwig van Beethoven, consisting of his nine numbered symphonies, may be wholly referred to as the Beethoven symphonic cycle. Another conception of the symphonic cycle is that of a set of composer's works as performed and recorded on audio/visual media by a common conductor. This practice came into existence with the establishment of audio record companies in the 1920s. 
A symphonic cycle of particular note is that of Leonard Bernstein's first attempt at providing recordings for the complete symphonic works of Gustav Mahler. The Bernstein–Mahler cycle became an advertising mechanism by which Bernstein championed the revival and critical acceptance of Mahler's music during the 1960s and '70s. Symphonic cycles of various composers are now recorded and sold in this sort of fashion featuring complete sets rendered by a common conductor or performing group.

</doc>
<doc id="20419248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419248" title="Warzapping">
Warzapping

Warzapping is the act of searching for remote disable features in electronics or computing devices, generally while in motion, using a portable computer or PDA.
Etymology.
Warzapping was named after the term "wardialing" from the 1983 film "WarGames", which involved searching for computer systems with software that dialed numbers sequentially to see which ones were connected to a fax machine or computer.
Legal and ethical considerations.
Warzapping itself, much like Wardriving is not inherently illegal or dangerous, however it does have the potential to be both. Devices such as laptops and vehicles have begun to ship with features that allow them to be rendered unusable, data to be deleted, and other similar acts. If a disabling device were activated in an unauthorized manner, the consequences could potentially be severe.
At this point, unlike Wardriving no software or techniques are publicly available to enable Warzapping by casual computer users. It is predicted that, with the rise in popularity of remote disabling devices, this is not a state that will last for much longer.

</doc>
<doc id="20419318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419318" title="RCD Carabanchel">
RCD Carabanchel

Real Club Deportivo Carabanchel is a Spanish football club from the Carabanchel district in the city of Madrid, Spain. It is the third oldest team in the capital, after Real Madrid and Atlético Madrid, and the thirteenth oldest in Spain.
The highest level reached by the club was the Segunda División B and on various occasions the team has come close to promotion to the Segunda División.
History.
Real Club Deportivo Carabanchel was officially founded on September 8 in 1906. It started playing sports teams friendlies against others in the capital city in the upper and lower quarters of the district.
In 1916, Pedro Arranz became president, who gives the team a charter officers. Carabanchel also signed the same year Castellana in the Federation Cup, which begins at a regional tournament. In 1927 amounts to the First Regional club, and proclaimed champion Castilla at amateur level in 1936, before the start of the Civil War.
In 1955, the Carabanchel was promoted for the first time in its history, the Third Division to become a champion of the regional division. In season 1966-67, the Madrid team was crowned champions of their group Third, promotion and contest to climb to the second CD Badajoz, which it lost.
During the 1970s and 1980s in a crisis team sports, which does not leave until 1988 when he returns to third. Carabanchel then improvemed, and finished in third place in the Madrid group in 1990. After several varying seasons, in 1994-95 Carabanchel qualified for the second phase of promotion to B, eventually losing to Cultural Leonesa.
Finally, in the 1995-96 season, Carabanchel were promoted to Segunda División B to finish third in regular season champion and its group for promotion. The club spent two years in the category of bronze in its first season, the team from Madrid to enter into a good season when finishing eighth, but in 1998 consume their descent to the finish next to last group.
Since then, Carabanchel fell into a deep economic crisis and sports even threatened the existence of the system: in 2006 the Third down to black and white, and without professional staff fell in 2008 he First Regional.
In the 2009/2010 season, the club renewed the project with a total change of the board after a motion of censure and creating a team to climb to third division two years. After winning that year's rise to preferences, in the 2010/2011 season promotion to the Third Division was achieved, along with Club Deportivo Colonia Moscardo.
Among its historic rivals are CD Colonia Moscardo in Usera, CD Puerta Bonita in Carabanchel, and Getafe CF.
Logo.
The logo represents the Cross of Saint James, pattern Carabanchel, and the Royal Crown, granted by HM Juan Carlos I of Spain in 1997 in recognition of the club's history as one of the pioneers of football in Madrid. This coat is used since then as the officer.
Kit.
Real Carabanchel's kit in season 2010-2011 is a white shirt and black shorts and socks, with the sponsorship of Limpiezas Garro, Joma and Junkers . Developments in the shirt are the old coat and Cross of Saint James behind the current shield. At the same time add the player's name.
The away kit is a shirt, shorts and blue socks.
It also has a third kit of shirt, shorts and red socks.
Stadium.
R.C.D. Carabanchel play their games in the stadium known as Campo de La Mina, with a capacity for 2,000 spectators. This stadium is one of the oldest in the city.

</doc>
<doc id="20419350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419350" title="Red-fronted lemur">
Red-fronted lemur

The red-fronted lemur (Eulemur rufifrons), also known as the red-fronted brown lemur or southern red-fronted brown lemur, is a species of lemur from Madagascar. Until 2001, it was considered a subspecies of the common brown lemur, "E. fulvus". In 2001, "E. fulvus" was split into several separate species, including "Eulemur rufus", in which this species was included. In 2008, "E. rufus" was split into two species, the red lemur ("E. rufus") and the red-fronted lemur ("E. rufifrons"). "E. rufus" covers the population on the west coast north of the Tsiribihina River and "E. rufifrons" covers the population on the west coast south of the Tsiribihina River and the population in eastern Madagascar. The species split was based on genetic and morphological evidence. Mitochondrial DNA analysis indicates that "E. rufifrons" may be more closely related to the common brown lemur ("E. fulvus"), white-headed lemur ("E. albifrons") and Sanford's brown lemur ("E. sanfordi") than it is to "E. rufus".
The red-fronted lemur lives on the western coast of Madagascar between the Tsiribihina River to the north and south of the Fiheranana River and in eastern Madagascar from the Mangoro River and Onive River to the Andringitra Massif. It lives in dry lowland forests. It has a head and body length of and with a tail. Its weight ranges between . It has a gray coat and black face, muzzle and forehead, plus a black line from the muzzle to the forehead, with white eyebrow patches. Males have white or cream colored cheeks and beards, while females have rufous or cream cheeks and beards that are less bushy than males.
There is considerable geographic variation in the natural history of this species. Western populations tend to have smaller home ranges and higher population densities than eastern populations, although group size tends to be fairly consistent (generally 4-18 animals averaging of 8-9). None of the studied populations show dominance hierarchies and aggression tends to be low.
Diet is diverse, encompassing leaves, seeds, fruit, nectar and flowers, but more so in eastern populations. Western populations tend to rely more on leaves for their diet. Western populations are primarily diurnal, but increase nocturnal activity during the dry season, while eastern populations show less such dichotomy.
Reproduction is seasonal. In western populations one male usually monopolizes all the females in the group, while in eastern populations such monopolization is less typical.

</doc>
<doc id="20419361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419361" title="Cama Hospital">
Cama Hospital

The Cama & Albless Hospital is a major hospital for women and children in the city of Mumbai, India, with 367 beds. 
History.
It was attacked during the 2008 Mumbai attacks. It appears that the situation at Cama Hospital has been resolved as of Thursday morning; however, it is unknown whether the gunmen fled or were killed. ATS Chief Mr. Hemant Karkare, Encounter Specialist, Mr. Vijay Salaskar and Senior Inspector Mr. Ashok Kamte fell prey to the bullets of the terrorists at the Cama Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="20419382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419382" title="Eduardo Ramos Olivera">
Eduardo Ramos Olivera

Eduardo Gustavo Ramos Olivera (born July 18, 1972), Peruvian Screenwriter.
Biography.
Studied at Colegio Franklin Delano Roosevelt, The American School of Lima(Class of 1990)and Audiovisual Communications at Toulouse-Lautrec College of Communications and Design (1991–1994) Lima-Peru. Religion: Roman Catholic. Political view: Democracy.
Original Screenplay.
Author of the screenplay:"Structural Amendment" (Emmienda Estructural), copyrighted in the National Institute for Defense of Competition and the Protection of Intellectual Property (INDECOPI), ISBN 978-612-00-0618-4 Lima-Peru. (December 2008)
Catholic Radio Drama:Venerable Concepcion Cabrera de Armida.
Scriptwriter of the radio drama: “Venerable Concepción Cabrera de Armida, 1862-1937” released by : Radio Catholic.net and Radio Maria world wide.
The radio drama describes the friendship between Jesus Christ and Concepción Cabrera de Armida. Produced and copyrighted by Apostleship of the Cross, Lima-Peru (2008).
Scriptwriter of radio spots for Apostolate for the Family Rosary - Peru, which is part of Family Rosary Crusade, founded by Servant of God Father Patrick Peyton CSC. The radio dramas have been released by: Radio Catholic.net and Radio Maria, seeking to spread world peace. (2007)
Roman Catholic Marian music Festival.
General Coordinator and Scripwriter of the 6th and 7th Roman Catholic Marian music Festival, the songs of the music festival are dedicated to venerate Blessed Virgin Mary produced by Apostolate for the Family Rosary and the Congregation of Holy Cross. Producer of the 5th and 6th Roman Catholic Marian music CD. Director of the 6th Marian Music DVD. (2006–2007)
Catholic Project: Consecration of Peru to Virgin Mary.
Coordinator of the Catholic Project: "Consecration of Peru to Virgin Mary" produced by Apostolate for the Family Rosary and the Peruvian Episcopal Conference. (2006–2007)
On October 30, 2007 the Act of Consecration and entrustment to Mary took place in the province of Chimbote. The project designed by the Peruvian Bishops under the leadership of Bishop Salvador Piñeiro García-Calderón, with the alliance of all the priests and parishes serving the country, gave a firmly message of faith, peace and reconciliation spread allover Peru through the devotion of Virgin Mary and the complete obedience towards our Lord Jesus Christ.
Filmography.
Screenwriter of documentary films for catholic cable television network EWTN(Eternal Word Television Network). EWTN was founded by Mother Angelica.
Documentaries: 
Screenwriter Coordinator of the TV Series: 
The TV Series describes and explains the tragedy of the Martyrs and Saints of the Cristero War. Documentaries and TV Series produced and copyrighted by San José Producciones, Lima-Peru, for EWTN.

</doc>
<doc id="20419389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419389" title="Bosnian Austrians">
Bosnian Austrians

Bosnian Austrians (locally and colloquially known as Esterajheri) are citizens of Austria whose ancestry can be traced to Bosnia and Herzegovina. The vast majority of Bosnian Austrians emigrated to Austria during and after the Bosnian War of the 1990s, though a large number of Bosnians emigrated as early as the 19th century. According to the last census conducted in 2002, the total number of Bosnians in Austria was 128,047 and they comprised 1.6% of the total population.
Bosnian Austrian communities.
The largest Bosnian communities in Austria are found in Vienna, Wels and Linz followed by Salzburg and Graz.

</doc>
<doc id="20419393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419393" title="Realsoft 3D">
Realsoft 3D

Realsoft 3D is a modeling and raytracing application created by Realsoft Graphics Oy. Originally called Real 3D, it was developed for the Amiga computer and later also for Linux, Irix, Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows.
It was initially written in 1983 on Commodore 64 by two Finnish brothers Juha and Vesa Meskanen. The development of Real 3D was really started in 1985, as Juha Meskanen started his studies at the Lahti University of Applied Sciences, Finland. Juha's brother Vesa joined the development and jumped out from his university career to start the Realsoft company in 1989.
Versions history.
Real 3D v1.
The first commercial Real 3D version was released on Amiga.
It used "IFF REAL" for its objects.
It featured constructive solid geometry, support for smooth curved quadric surfaces and a ray-tracer for photo realistic rendering. 
1.2 was released in 1990, was already distributed in several European countries. 
1.3 was released early 1991.
1.4 was released in December 1991. It was the last version derived from the original Real3D design. 
Despite of small version number increments, v1, v1.2 and v 1.3 were all major releases, with new manuals and packaging.
Real 3D v2.
It was released in 1993.
Version 2 was redesigned with a new source code base. It introduced ground breaking features - booleans, CSG primitives, b-spline curves, physically based animation simulation, morph based animation techniques and phenomenal rendered output. It took full advantage of the multi tasking abilities of the Amiga - allowing the user to continue editing a scene on another window while it rendered.
Microsoft Windows version was released in 1994.
Real 3D v3.
Version 3.5 was released in 1996.
It was the last version based on v2 architecture. Realsoft had started a new major development project around 1994. The project involved a complete software rewrite, new object oriented source code, platform independent design, modularity, and adoption of several other state-of–art development methods. 
Amiga version 3.5, which is also the last version for this system, is now freely available by AmiKit.
Realsoft 3D v4.
Version 4 was released year 2000. Beginning with this release, Realsoft renamed the product to "Realsoft 3D".
It was released on multiple platforms, including Microsoft Windows, Linux and SGI Irix.
4.1 trial version was released in 2001-02-21. Retail version was released in 2001-05-25.
4.2 upgrade was released in 2001-07-19. 
Linux (Intel, AMD) and SGI Irix (MIPS) versions were released in 2001-07-24.
4.5 was released in 2002-10-23, which introduced for example caustics and global illumination rendering features. Linux version was released in 2002-11-03. Irix version of 4.5/SP1 (build 26.41b) was released in 2003-06-03.
Realsoft 3D v5.
Windows version was released in 2004-11-15.
It expanded the feature set in all program areas. It was also an important visual leap forward supporting full-color 32 bit icons. 
Service pack 1 (5.1) for Windows was released in 2005-02-03.
Service Pack 2 (5.2) for Windows was released in 2005-10-02.
Service Pack 3 (5.3) for Windows was released in 2006-11-01. Mac OS X version was released in 2006-12-18. 
Service Pack 4 (5.4) was released in 2007-05-01. Irix version was released in 2007-12-16.
Realsoft 3D v6.
Windows version was released in 2007-12-18. It introduced powerful parametric tools for plant modeling and building construction. 64-bit platforms were supported.
Service pack 1 (6.1) for Windows was released in 2008-05-15.
Linux version was released in 2008-07-01.
Mac OS X version was released in 2008-11-11.
Realsoft 3D v7.
It was announced in 2008-12-13, with projected release date between 2nd or 3rd quarter of 2009.
It was released on December 7, 2009 for 32-bit and 64-bit Microsoft Windows.
Receptions.
Jeff Paries of Computer Graphics World claimed version 4 is an excellent addition to your toolbox at a reasonable price.

</doc>
<doc id="20419409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419409" title="Ferdinando Giuseppe Antonelli">
Ferdinando Giuseppe Antonelli

Ferdinando Giuseppe Antonelli O.F.M. (14 July 1896 – 12 July 1993) was an Italian cardinal. Born in Subbiano, Italy, Antonelli joined the Order of Friars Minor in Florence in 1909, becoming a Professed Member of the Order of Friars Minor in April 1914. He served in the Italian military during World War I. On 25 July 1922 he was ordained a Priest of the Order of Friars Minor. In 1965 Antonelli was appointed Secretary of the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments. Antonelli was a Faculty member of the Pontifical Antonianum Athenaeum, Rome, from 1928 to 1965, was Rector Magnifico from 1937 to 1943, and 1953 to 1959. He was the General Definitor of his order from 1939 to 1945. Antonelli attended the Vatican Council II from 1962 to 1965 as an expert. 
On 19 February 1966 he was appointed Titular Archbishop of Idicra and on 9 March 1966 he was ordained Bishop Titular Archbishop of Idicra. On 7 May 1969 Antonelli was appointed Secretary of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints, and on 5 March 1973 he was elevated to Cardinal-Deacon of San Sebastiano al Palatino, on the same day resigning as Secretary of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints. He was the first Cardinal appointed after Pope Paul VI's motu proprio Ingravescentem Aetatem of November 21, 1970, who was ineligible to participate in a Papal conclave as he exceeded the age limit of 80 before the next conclave.
He was appointed Cardinal-Priest of San Sebastiano al Palatino on 2 February 1983, and was the Secretary Emeritus of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints from 5 March 1973 until his death in Rome aged 97 in 1993. He was buried in La Pietà chapel, in the Franciscan shrine of La Verna. He was the last living cardinal to have been born in the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20419425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419425" title="Frevoador">
Frevoador

Frevoador is the twelfth solo album by Brazilian musician Zé Ramalho. It was released in 1992, after a four-year gap with no albums.

</doc>
<doc id="20419432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419432" title="Jim Sullivan (1890s pitcher)">
Jim Sullivan (1890s pitcher)

Daniel James Sullivan (April 25, 1867 – November 29, 1901), was a professional baseball pitcher in Major League Baseball from to . He played for the Columbus Solons and Boston Beaneaters.
Sullivan started his baseball career in 1891. He had short stints in the National League, American Association, and Eastern Association, but did not pitch particularly well in any of them. From 1892 to 1894, he pitched for Providence of the Eastern League, and then he was drafted by the Boston Beaneaters before the 1895 season.
Sullivan pitched well for the Beaneaters teams, including the pennant winners of 1897; however, he was not one of their top pitchers. In 1898, he started off slowly and was released in May.

</doc>
<doc id="20419472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419472" title="Cavoatrial junction">
Cavoatrial junction

The cavoatrial junction is the point at which the superior vena cava meets and melds into the superior wall of the cardiac right atrium. Both the superior and inferior vena cavae enter the right atrium, but only the superior entry is called the cavoatrial junction. This junction marks the inferior end of the superior vena cava, the continuation below that point being considered part of the heart.
For purposes of radiographic visualization, the most reliable indicator of junction location is to find the carina, then observe the vertebrae it overlies. The junction will lie two vertebral body units below the carina, counting the single intervertebral disc between them, but "not" the disc below them. It has been demonstrated that the more ordinary method of looking for the "bulge" in the cardiac outline is unreliable, since cardiac or other thoracic pathology can shift the apparent position of that landmark.
Hospitalized patients may need to receive solutions and medications that, if given through an ordinary intravenous therapy catheter, would severely damage both blood cells and the vascular system. In these cases, it is common to insert a central venous catheter. All such catheters placed for the purpose of venous access "and" being inserted in the upper body will ideally have the tip placed within the superior vena cava at or just above the Cavoatrial junction. Passing the line "through" the junction and into the atrium is to be avoided, as the result may be cardiac arrythmias and even cardiac tamponade, a potentially fatal outcome. For this reason, all placements should be verified by a chest X-ray before the line can be used.

</doc>
<doc id="20419475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419475" title="Robert H. Strotz">
Robert H. Strotz

Robert Henry Strotz (September 26, 1922 – November 9, 1994) was an American economist and thirteenth President of Northwestern University. 
Strotz was born in Aurora, Illinois and attended Duke University for three years before graduating from the University of Chicago. He was drafted into the Army and served in the European theater. He joined the Northwestern Faculty in 1947 and was awarded a Ph.D. in Economics by the University of Chicago in 1951 for a dissertation on welfare economics. His specialty was econometrics and studied European economics on a Rockefeller Fellowship in 1955 and 1956. Strotz was a visiting professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1958 and 1959. He was an editor of "Econometrica", "International Economic Review", and "Economic Analysis".
Strotz was named Dean of the School of Arts and Sciences in 1966 and President of Northwestern in 1970. He assumed the office after it was vacated by his predecessor, J. Roscoe Miller, 15 months earlier in the midst of intense social protest activity on campus. While Strotz's appointment was opposed by the "Daily Northwestern" and Associated Student Government president owing to his positions opposing the closure of campus during a strike and politicization of university classes, he was supported by the faculty. Strotz served in the position until 1984 and was succeeded by Arnold R. Weber. Following his presidency, Strotz was appointed university chancellor and headed fund-raising and alumni relations efforts until 1990.
Strotz died in a nursing home in Deerfield, Illinois on November 9, 1994. He had one daughter, one son, and two granddaughters.

</doc>
<doc id="20419476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419476" title="Ted Kaufman">
Ted Kaufman

Edward E. "Ted" Kaufman (born March 15, 1939) is an American politician who served as a United States Senator from Delaware from 2009 to 2010. Since 2010, he has chaired the Congressional Oversight Panel in the United States federal government; he is the second person to hold that post, succeeding inaugural holder Elizabeth Warren. He is a member of the Democratic Party who previously served on the staff of the United States Senate.
Kaufman was appointed to the Senate to fill the term of long-time Senator Joe Biden, who resigned to become Vice President of the United States in January 2009. Prior to becoming a U.S. Senator, Kaufman had been an adviser to Biden for much of his political career.
Early life, education, and business career.
Kaufman was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the son of Helen (née Carroll), a teacher, and Manuel Kaufman, a social worker. His father was of Russian Jewish ancestry and his mother was of Irish descent. He was raised in his mother's Catholic religion. Kaufman earned a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering from Duke University and a Master of Business Administration degree from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Kaufman originally moved to Delaware in 1966 to work for DuPont as an engineer.
Work for Joe Biden.
In 1972 he joined Joe Biden’s long-shot U.S. Senate campaign on a volunteer basis. After Biden’s surprise victory in 1973, he took a one-year leave of absence from DuPont to organize and head Senator Biden’s Delaware Office. In 1976 he became Biden's Chief of Staff/Administrative Assistant and served until 1995, also working on Biden's subsequent Senate campaigns.
Prior to serving as a U.S. Senator, Kaufman was a Board member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors (BBG) – the independent, autonomous, federal entity responsible for all U.S. government and government sponsored non-military international broadcasting. He was appointed to the BBG by Presidents Clinton and Bush and was confirmed by the U.S. Senate for four terms.
U.S. Senate (2008-2010).
Appointment.
On November 24, 2008, Delaware Governor Ruth Ann Minner announced her intention to appoint Kaufman to replace Biden in the Senate. He was appointed on January 15, 2009, the same day Biden resigned his seat, and was sworn in the next day. Kaufman served in the Senate until his successor, Chris Coons, was chosen to complete the term in a special election in 2010. The term ends in January 2015. Kaufman was not a candidate in the 2010 election.
Kaufman inherited appointments to the same two committees that his predecessor, Biden, had served on before his resignation – the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on the Judiciary.
Tenure.
Early in his term, Kaufman supported the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA). The stimulus package has meant more than $800 million in federal funding to support Delaware’s economic recovery.
In July 2009, Kaufman participated in the Senate Judiciary Committee’s Supreme Court nomination hearing for Judge Sonia Sotomayor. During the hearing, Kaufman’s line of questioning focused on the current Court's recent treatment of business cases and on Judge Sotomayor's judicial approach. Kaufman voted to send Judge Sotomayor’s nomination to the full Senate for a vote. In June 2010 Kaufman participated in the Senate Judiciary Committee’s Supreme Court nomination hearing for Judge Elena Kagan. Kaufman voted to send Judge Kagan’s nomination to the full Senate for a vote.
In response to his perception that "people just feel it's perfectly okay to denigrate federal employees", Kaufman gave speeches once a week starting in May 2009 praising a different federal employee until the end of his term. Kaufman was succeeded by Chris Coons, a Democrat, after Coons defeated Republican nominee Christine O'Donnell in November 2010. Kaufman resigned and Coons took office on November 15, 2010, in accordance with Delaware state law and Senate rules.
Financial industry.
As a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Kaufman introduced bipartisan legislation with Senators Patrick Leahy (D-VT) and Chuck Grassley (R-IA) to strengthen tools and increase resources available to federal prosecutors to combat financial fraud. The Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009 (FERA) was signed into law by President Obama on May 20, 2009.
Kaufman had sought to further restore confidence in the U.S. financial markets by introducing bipartisan legislation to address abusive short selling and other market manipulation. Kaufman urged the Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) to consider reinstating the “uptick rule” – which aids market stability and hampers price discovery. He gave multiple floor statements and written numerous letters to the agency with Senate colleagues on this issue, as well as the need for a pre-borrow requirement or a “hard locate” system for short sales.
In 2010, Kaufman, along with Senator Sherrod Brown (D-OH), introduced an amendment to the then-proposed Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, known as the Brown–Kaufman amendment. The amendment would have limited the nondeposit liabilities of banks to two percent of gross domestic product, effectively curtailing the size to which banks could grow. Kaufman stated on the Senate floor his intention to recapture the spirit of the Glass–Steagall Act, passed in 1933, which had been rescinded in 1999. The amendment failed in a Senate vote of 61 to 33 on May 6, 2010.
Foreign affairs.
In April 2009, Kaufman took his first trip to Iraq, Afghanistan, and Pakistan, where he visited with U.S. troops, foreign leaders, and others to examine U.S. strategy in the region. He is a co-sponsor of the Enhanced Partnership with Pakistan Act of 2009, which will triple non-military aid to Pakistan, providing $1.5 billion per year for development over the next five years. Kaufman has also stressed the need for increased civilian-military training focused on counterinsurgency and stability operations as essential to success in Afghanistan, introducing an amendment to the 2009 Defense Supplemental Appropriations Bill with Senators Richard Lugar (R-IN) and Jack Reed (D-RI). Kaufman has since visited Afghanistan, Iraq and Pakistan twice more.
In May 2009, Kaufman visited Israel, Syria and Turkey to discuss regional security issues and areas of mutual interest and cooperation. He met with foreign government and military officials, political leaders and civil society representatives. During the 2009–2010 Iranian election protests, Kaufman introduced a resolution supporting the protesters that was unanimously passed in the Senate. Kaufman also introduced the Victim of Iranian Censorship Act (VOICE) as an amendment to the 2009 National Defense Authorization Act. The VOICE Act – unanimously adopted by the Senate – supports similar objectives and authorizes funding for the Broadcasting Board of Governors to expand transmission capability and programming on Radio Farda and the Persian News Network. Kaufman spoke out for freedom of the press in China.
Education reform.
Kaufman sponsored the Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics ("STEM") Education Coordination Act to establish a committee to coordinate the efforts of Federal STEM education programs. Kaufman also supported the Edward M. Kennedy National Service Act, which provides increased service opportunities for engineers and scientists to help inspire a new generation of science and technology students. In 2010 Kaufman was presented with the American Society of Mechanical Engineers 2010 President’s Award for his work on promoting STEM education.
Congressional Oversight Panel (2010-2011).
Senator Harry Reid, the Senate Majority Leader, appointed Kaufman to replace Elizabeth Warren on the Congressional Oversight Panel on October 1, 2010. Three days later, Kaufman was unanimously elected as the panel's second chairperson, succeeding Warren in that capacity as well. He remains chairperson of the panel despite the expiration of his Senate term.
Current activities.
Since 1991, Kaufman has taught a course on the United States Congress in the law school of his alma mater, Duke University as well as "Government, Business, and Public Policy in the Global Economy" for law and business students at Duke. From 1995 to 1999 he was Co-Chair of the Duke Law School Center for the Study of the Congress.
Kaufman is currently a member of the Board of Trustees of the Institute of International Education He is also Co-Chair of the Delaware STEM Council 
Personal life.
Kaufman and his wife, Lynne, have been married since 1960 and reside in Wilmington. They have three daughters, Kelly, Murry, and Meg, and 7 grandchildren. He was a member of the Board of Directors of Children and Families First, WHYY, and the Board of Trustees of Christiana Care.

</doc>
<doc id="20419482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419482" title="Dad Clarkson">
Dad Clarkson

Arthur Hamilton "Dad" Clarkson (August 31, 1866 – February 5, 1911) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball from 1891 to 1896. He played for the New York Giants, Boston Beaneaters, St. Louis Browns, and Baltimore Orioles.
Biography.
Clarkson was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and starred on the Harvard University baseball team in the 1880s. He started his professional baseball career in 1891 with the New York Giants; however, he didn't pitch much over the next two seasons. In 1893, Clarkson broke out with the St. Louis Browns, going 12–9 with a 3.48 earned run average. He was the only pitcher on the team to have a winning record. Clarkson received more innings of work in 1894 but slumped badly and posted a 6.36 ERA. 
In 1895, he started off even worse. He was 1–6 with a 7.38 ERA when the Browns traded him to the Orioles in June. Clarkson immediately turned things around in Baltimore. In his 14 remaining starts that season, he pitched 10 complete games and won 12 of 15 decisions. The Orioles won the National League pennant. The following season, Clarkson was outpitched by the other members of Baltimore's staff, and he played his final major league game on August 8. His career MLB record was 39–39. In 1900, he is recorded as being on a Montana State League roster.
Clarkson served as a fill-in umpire several times between 1893 and 1896. On July 29, 1893, Clarkson umpired a game that his Cardinals lost to the Cleveland Spiders. He was fined by Cardinals owner Chris von der Ahe for making calls that went against the team. In protest of the fine, Clarkson refused to make his scheduled August 1 start as a pitcher. As a result, outfielder Jimmy Bannon had to pitch. Bannon, a .336 hitter, gave up 15 runs in four innings on the way to a 25-2 loss. Bannon was released by the Cardinals.
Dad Clarkson had two brothers who also played in Major League Baseball: Hall of Famer John Clarkson and Walter Clarkson. After his baseball days were over, he became a salesman. He died in 1911, at the age of 44.

</doc>
<doc id="20419484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419484" title="Geo-imputation">
Geo-imputation

In data analysis involving geographical locations, geo-imputation or geographical imputation methods are steps taken to replace missing values for exact locations with approximate locations derived from associated data. They assign a reasonable location or geographic based attribute (e.g., census tract) to a person by using both the demographic characteristics of the person
and the population characteristics from a larger geographic aggregate area in which the person was geocoded (e.g., postal delivery area or county). For example if a person's census tract was known and no other address information was available then geo-imputation methods could be used to probabilistically assign that person to a smaller geographic area, such as a census block group.

</doc>
<doc id="20419485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419485" title="D.C. Divas">
D.C. Divas

The D.C. Divas are a football team in the Women's Football Alliance. Based in the Washington Metropolitan Area, the Divas play their home games in Landover (where the NFL's Washington Redskins' home stadium FedEx Field is located) at Prince George's Sports and Learning Complex.
History.
2001.
The Divas were formed in 2000 as one of the ten charter franchises of the National Women's Football Association. The Divas were the first women's football team in the nation's capital and were coached by Ezra Cooper. The Divas' first win came on May 13, 2001, with a 10-6 victory at home over the Connecticut Crush. The Divas finished their inaugural season with a 3-4 record, the team's only losing season to date.
2002.
The Divas were purchased by Lee Fahringer and Kelly George before their second season. The Divas finished the 2002 season with a 5-3 record, the first of six consecutive winning seasons for the team. A chance at the Divas' first playoff berth came down their final game of the year, but the Divas fell short of the Baltimore Burn in their season finale, 6-0.
2003.
The 2003 season is considered by many to be the birth of the Divas' dynasty. Finishing the regular-season 7-1, the team clinched their first of five consecutive playoff berths and division titles. After defeating the Connecticut Crush in their first ever playoff game, the Divas fell to the Philadelphia Phoenix in the conference semifinals. The Divas' Donna Wilkinson became the first running back in women's football history to eclipse 1,000 rushing yards in a single season, totaling 1,267 rushing yards in 2003. That year, the Divas were featured on CBS Evening News.
2004.
Winning their second consecutive division title by finishing 8-0, the Divas clinched home-field advantage throughout the Northern Conference playoffs. After defeating the Southwest Michigan Jaguars in the conference semifinals, the Divas lost to the eventual NWFA champions, the Detroit Demolition, in the Northern Conference championship game, 20-14.
Following the season, the Divas played in a charity game against a men's team assembled by The Sports Junkies, who host a local syndicated sports radio show. Although the Divas lost, 28-6, the contest set a new record for the highest attendance at a women's football game, as 8,200 fans came to the event. Later that offseason, the Divas had a second ownership change when Paul Hamlin, father of Divas' quarterback Allyson Hamlin, bought the team.
2005.
For the second consecutive season, the Divas finished the regular season with a perfect 8-0 record. For the second straight year, however, they were handed their first defeat of the season in the Northern Conference championship game by eventual NWFA champion Detroit.
After that season, the Divas moved from Eastern High School in Washington, D.C. to the new Prince George's Sports and Learning Complex in nearby Landover, Maryland, and a new uniform design was also unveiled. These changes set the stage for the biggest moment in the franchise's history.
2006.
As was the case the past two seasons, the Divas finished 2006 with a perfect 8-0 regular season record and advanced to the conference championship game. Unlike '04 and '05, however, the Divas won the conference championship, defeating the Columbus Comets and advancing their first ever league championship game. The Divas traveled to Pittsburgh to take on the Oklahoma City Lightning for the 2006 NWFA national championship. The Divas capped an 11-0 season with a 28-7 victory over the Lightning for the team's first ever league championship. Running back Rachelle Pecovsky and linebacker Ivy Tillman received the game's MVP honors on offense and defense, respectively.
2007.
Before the 2007 season, the Divas left the NWFA to join the Independent Women's Football League. The Divas were just as successful in this new league, however, finishing with an 8-0 regular season record for the fourth straight year and capturing the Mid-Atlantic Division title. However, their playoff run ended abruptly when the Divas lost in the conference semifinal round to the eventual Eastern Conference champion Atlanta Xplosion.
2008.
2008 was a disappointing year for the Divas. The season began with a loss to the Boston Militia, 27-22, which snapped the Divas' 32-game regular season winning streak. That was a sign of things to come, as the Divas lost four games in 2008, each by six points or less. They finished the year with a 4-4 record, their worst since 2001. Because of that record, the Divas failed to win their division and missed the playoffs for the first time since 2002.
2009.
Rebounding from the 2008 season, the Divas returned to their winning ways in 2009. The Divas compiled a perfect 8-0 regular season record for the fifth time and claimed the Mid-Atlantic division title. The Divas had home field advantage throughout the playoffs, but because of a scheduling conflict at their home field, they had to travel to Boston to play the Militia in the 2009 IWFL Eastern Conference championship game. In a thrilling game, the Divas defeated the Militia, 27-21, giving the franchise just their second conference championship (and their first in the IWFL). On July 25, the Divas went to Round Rock, Texas, a suburb of Austin, to play for the 2009 IWFL World Championship. The Western Conference champion Kansas City Tribe pulled a 21-18 upset and handed the Divas their first loss of the season, taking home the IWFL championship in the process.
2010.
2010 was another successful season for the Divas. Despite finishing the regular season at 5-3 (two games behind the 7-1 Atlanta Xplosion), a stronger overall schedule gave the Divas the division crown, their seventh in team history. The Divas then justified their place in the division in the conference semifinals, defeating the Xplosion, 35-7, and getting some revenge for the playoff loss in 2007. However, it was the Milita who got revenge in the 2010 Eastern Conference championship game, avenging the previous season's defeat by eliminating the Divas; the Militia went on to win the 2010 IWFL national championship.
That season, the Divas were featured on CNN as part of a team profile. Also that season, former Diva wide receiver Natalie Randolph made national headlines as one of the first female head coaches of a high school football team.
2011.
Along with many of their archrivals, the D.C. Divas moved from the IWFL to the Women's Football Alliance for the 2011 season. In their first year in the new league, the Divas didn't slow down, easily winning the Northeast Division with a 7-1 record. However, for the second year in a row, the eventual league champion Boston Militia ended the Divas' season by knocking them out of the playoffs.
After the season, the Divas made a change, hiring Alison Fischer as their new head coach. Fischer played on the Divas' first team in 2001 and became one of the few female head coaches in women's pro football.
2012.
In a situation similar to 2010, the Divas, with a 5-3 record, claimed a division title over 7-1 Pittsburgh thanks to a stronger strength of schedule. Once again, the Divas proved that was the correct decision by defeating Pittsburgh in the playoffs and advancing to the conference semifinals.
For the fourth straight year, the Divas clashed with the Boston Militia in the playoffs, and for the third straight time, the Militia came out on top, this time by a 55-34 score. But this time emotions spilled over, and the game ended in a bench-clearing brawl which attracted negative media attention and resulted in several suspensions by the league against Divas players.
2013.
With a young and rebuilding team, the Divas hope for a great 2013 season. Their current record is 3-1.
Season-By-Season.
!Totals || 93 || 31 || 0

</doc>
<doc id="20419516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419516" title="Stub Brown">
Stub Brown

Richard P. "Stub" Brown (August 3, 1870 – March 10, 1948) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball from 1893 to 1897, for the Baltimore Orioles and Cincinnati Reds. He stood at 6' 2" and weighed 220 lbs.
Career.
Brown started his professional baseball career in 1893, with the National League's Baltimore Orioles. He pitched nine innings and allowed six earned runs in his rookie season. The following year, he won his first three starts from May 2 to May 12 and went 4-0. However, he then became dissatisfied with his salary and left the club in June. His manager, Ned Hanlon, simply stated that: "The Baltimore club took off the lots and gave him the opportunity to make a reputation for himself, and it doesn't seem to me that he appreciates his good fortune." The Orioles would eventually win the pennant that year.
After leaving Baltimore, Brown pitched for the Lynchburg Hill Climbers of the Virginia League. In 1896, he went 7-2 with a 3.35 earned run average. He made it back to the major leagues with the Cincinnati Reds in 1897. On June 12, "Sporting Life" reported that Brown, "a big, husky fellow with lots of sand and confidence," said that he would "hold his own." Brown pitched 13 innings for Cincinnati and made his last major league appearance on June 15.
Over the next few years, Brown pitched for various teams in the Atlantic League, Western League, and Eastern Shore League. He died in 1948, in his hometown of Baltimore, Maryland, and was buried in Green Mount Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20419558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419558" title="Ed Conley">
Ed Conley

Edward J. Conley (July 10, 1864 – October 16, 1894) was an American professional baseball player who pitched in Major League Baseball for the Providence Grays. He pitched in eight games and had a win–loss record of 4–4 with a 2.15 earned run average in 71 innings pitched. He was born in Sandwich, Massachusetts, and died at the age of 30 of Phthisis pulmonalis (tuberculosis) in Cumberland, Rhode Island. He is interred at Mount Calvary Cemetery in Cumberland.

</doc>
<doc id="20419590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419590" title="Blix Street Records">
Blix Street Records

Blix Street Records is a United States-based record label located in Gig Harbor, Washington, overseen by president Bill Straw. Blix Street features a diverse group of Instrumental, Vocal, and Celtic albums. Among the more famous artists who have recorded with Blix Street Records are Eva Cassidy, Mary Black, Grace Griffith,
Daniel Rodriguez, Dougie Maclean, Davy Knowles and Back Door Slam.

</doc>
<doc id="20419596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419596" title="Jack Katoll">
Jack Katoll

John "Jack" Katoll (June 24, 1872 in Germany - June 18, 1955 in Woodstock, Illinois), was a professional baseball player who played pitcher in the Major Leagues from 1898-1902. He would play for the Chicago Orphans, Chicago White Sox, and Baltimore Orioles.

</doc>
<doc id="20419599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419599" title="Estádio Romário de Souza Faria">
Estádio Romário de Souza Faria

Estádio Romário de Souza Faria, also known as Marrentão, is a football (soccer) stadium located in Xerém, a district of Duque de Caxias, Brazil. It is named after Brazilian footballer Romário de Souza Faria. The stadium is owned by Duque de Caxias. It replaced Estádio Mestre Telê Santana, nicknamed "Maracanãzinho", as Duque de Caxias' home ground.
History.
The stadium was inaugurated in December 2007, when Duque de Caxias and Vasco da Gama drew 1–1. The first official game was played on January 30, 2008, when Cardoso Moreira beat Duque de Caxias 2–1.
On October 2, 2008, the Brazilian Fire Department approved the use of all 10,000 stadium seats. The stadium's capacity was previously limited to 4,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="20419614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419614" title="John Skopec">
John Skopec

John S. Skopec (May 8, 1880 in Chicago, Illinois – October 20, 1912 in Chicago, Illinois), was a pitcher in Major League Baseball from 1901 to 1903. He played for the Chicago White Sox and Detroit Tigers.

</doc>
<doc id="20419621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419621" title="Arthur–Selberg trace formula">
Arthur–Selberg trace formula

In mathematics, the Arthur–Selberg trace formula is a generalization of the Selberg trace formula from the group SL2 to arbitrary reductive groups over global fields, developed by James Arthur in a long series of papers from 1974 to 2003.
It describes the character of the representation of "G"(A) on the discrete part "L"("G"("F")∖"G"(A)) of "L"2("G"("F")∖"G"(A)) in terms of geometric data, where "G" is a reductive algebraic group defined over a global field "F" and A is the ring of adeles of "F".
There are several different versions of the trace formula. The first version was the unrefined trace formula, whose terms depend on truncation operators and have the disadvantage that they are not invariant. Arthur later found the invariant trace formula and the stable trace formula which are more suitable for applications. The simple trace formula is less general but easier to prove. The local trace formula is an analogue over local fields.
Jacquet's relative trace formula is a generalization where one integrates the kernel function over non-diagonal subgroups.
The compact case.
In the (rare) case when "G"("F")∖"G"(A) is compact the representation splits as a direct sum of irreducible representations, and the trace formula is similar to the Frobenius formula for the character of the representation induced from the trivial representation of a subgroup of finite index.
In the compact case, which is essentially due to Selberg, the groups "G"("F") and "G"(A) can be replaced by any
discrete subgroup Γof a locally compact group "G" with Γ\"G" compact. The group "G" acts on the space of functions on
Γ∖"G" by the right regular representation "R", and this extends to an action of the group ring of "G", considered as the ring of functions "f" on "G". The character of this representation is given by a generalization of the Frobenius formula as follows.
The action of a function "f" on a function φ on Γ∖"G" is given by
In other words "R"("f") is an integral operator on "L"2(Γ∖"G") (the space of functions on Γ∖"G") with kernel
Therefore the trace of "R"("f") is given by
The kernel "K" can be written as
where "O" is the set of conjugacy classes in Γ, and
where γ is an element of the conjugacy class "o", and Γγ is its centralizer in Γ.
On the other hand, the trace is also given by
where "m"(π) is the multiplicity of the irreducible unitary representation π of "G" in "L"2(Γ∖"G").
Difficulties in the non-compact case.
In most cases of the Arthur–Selberg trace formula, the quotient "G"("F")∖"G"(A) is not compact, which causes the following (closely related) problems:
Arthur dealt with these problems by truncating the kernel at cusps in such a way that the truncated kernel is integrable over the diagonal. This truncation process causes many problems; for example, the truncated terms are no longer invariant under conjugation. By manipulating the terms further, Arthur was able to produce an invariant trace formula whose terms are invariant.
The original Selberg trace formula studied a discrete subgroup Γ of a real Lie group "G"(R) (usually SL2(R)).
In higher rank it is more convenient to replace the Lie group with an adelic group "G"(A). One reason for this that the discrete group can be taken as the group of points "G"("F") for "F" a (global) field, which is easier to work with
than discrete subgroups of Lie groups. It also makes Hecke operators easier to work with.
The trace formula in the non-compact case.
One version of the trace formula asserts the equality of two distributions on "G"(A):
The left hand side is the geometric side of the trace formula, and is a sum over equivalence classes in the group of rational points "G"("F") of "G", while the right hand side is the spectral side of the trace formula and is a sum over certain representations of subgroups of "G"(A).
The invariant trace formula.
The version of the trace formula above is not particularly easy to use in practice, one of the problems being that the terms in it are not invariant under conjugation. found a modification in which the terms are invariant.
The invariant trace formula states
where
Stable trace formula.
Two elements of a group "G"(F) are called stably conjugate if they are conjugate over
the algebraic closure of the field F. The point is that when one compares elements in two different groups, related for example by inner twisting, one does not usually get a good correspondence between conjugacy classes, but only between stable conjugacy classes. So to compare the geometric terms in the trace formulas for two different groups, one would like the terms to be not just invariant under conjugacy, but also to be well behaved on stable conjugacy classes; these are called stable distributions.
The stable trace formula writes the terms in the trace formula of a group "G" in terms of stable distributions. However these stable distributions are not distributions on the group "G", but are distributions on a family of quasisplit groups called the endoscopic groups of "G". Unstable orbital integrals on the group "G" correspond to stable orbital integrals on its endoscopic groups "H".
Simple trace formula.
There are several simple forms of the trace formula, which restrict the compactly supported test functions "f" in some way . The advantage of this is that the trace formula and its proof become much easier, and the disadvantage is that the resulting formula is less powerful.
For example, if the functions "f" are cuspidal, which means that
for any unipotent radical "N" of a proper parabolic subgroup (defined over "F") and any "x", "y" in "G"(A), then the operator "R"("f") has image in the space of cusp forms so is compact.
Applications.
some groups.

</doc>
<doc id="20419673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419673" title="Handlebar Club">
Handlebar Club

The Handlebar Club is an association of aficionados of the handlebar moustache, based in London. The club's sole requirement for membership is "a hirsute appendage of the upper lip and with graspable extremities"; beards are absolutely forbidden. The club engages in activism to assuage discrimination against the handlebarred as well as competitive facial hair tourneys, and has inspired the foundation of transatlantic and Scandinavian counterparts. The club declares itself to be at war with a society that demands people choose "the bland, the boring and the generic"; a club chant includes the proposition that being kissed by a smooth face is akin to "meat without the salt".
The world's oldest whisker club, the Handlebar Club was founded in a London pub in April 1947 by a convivial gathering of ten, including raconteurs Jimmy Edwards and Frank Muir as well as sports commentator Raymond Glendenning. Their stated intention was to show that "men with moustaches are men of good character", and the mustachioed cohort resolved to meet monthly for "sport, conviviality" and charitable engagements. Enormous moustaches were quite popular among the flying officers of the Royal Air Force in the Second World War, and in founding the club Edwards sought to perpetuate the custom. "The Strand Magazine" greeted the establishment as "an indication that Handlebars have outlived their time", interpreting the preponderance of "men with a distinctive type of face-wear" banding together as a sign of weakness.

</doc>
<doc id="20419731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419731" title="Timeline of the 1996 Atlantic hurricane season">
Timeline of the 1996 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1996 Atlantic hurricane season had 13 named storms, of which 9 became hurricanes and 6 became major hurricanes (hurricanes that are classified as Category 3 or higher). These major hurricanes were Bertha, Edouard, Fran, Hortense, Isidore, and Lili. This timeline documents all the storm formations, strengthening, weakening, landfalls, extratropical transitions, as well as dissipation. The timeline also includes information that was not operationally released, meaning that information from post-storm reviews by the National Hurricane Center, such as information on a storm that was not operationally warned on, has been included. The season officially began on June 1, 1996, and ended on November 30 that same year.
The season's most destructive storms were Hurricane Cesar, Hurricane Fran, and Hurricane Hortense. Hurricane Cesar (later known as Hurricane Douglas in the Eastern Pacific basin) was the deadliest storm of the season; it killed at least 51 people and caused severe damage in northern Colombia and southern Central America. Hurricane Fran caused $3.2 billion (1996 USD; $4 billion 2009 USD) worth of damage in the United States, mostly in North Carolina, and killed 26 people. Hurricane Hortense dropped torrential rainfall on southwestern Puerto Rico and the eastern Dominican Republic, killing 21 people and leaving behind $127 million (1996 USD; $174 million 2009 USD) in damage. All three storms had their names retired by the World Meteorological Organization in the spring of 1997, and were replaced with "Cristobal", "Fay", and "Hanna" for the 2002 season, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20419749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419749" title="À la musique">
À la musique

À la musique is a vocal work by Emmanuel Chabrier for solo soprano, women’s chorus and orchestra (or piano). The words are by poet and playwright Edmond Rostand.
It was written as a 'house-warming' gift for Jules Griset, industrialist and keen amateur cellist, to whom it is dedicated ('to inaugurate the house of a friend'). It was first performed at Griset's house (then Place de Laborde, now Place Henri-Bergson, Paris) by an amateur choir with Chabrier at the piano.
The first public performance was on 23 March 1891 with Mme Rachel-Pascaline Leroux-Ribeyre and the Colonne Orchestra conducted by Édouard Colonne at the Théâtre du Châtelet. It was also performed at the Concerts du Conservatoire on the 22 and 29 January 1893 with Éléonore Blanc (who would create the role of Briséïs four years later) as soloist, conducted by Paul Taffanel. The orchestral manuscript is now in the Bibliothèque nationale de France.
The music (marked "Andantino, molto con affetto") is in Chabrier's tenderest, most lyrical vein, entirely free from any suggestion of eccentricity or pseudo-Wagnerian grandiloquence. Myers points out bold touches, such as when the altos, over a pedal f# in the orchestra reiterate for four long 9/8 bars the words 'musique adorable' on the same note, while the soloist and other voices weave round them an expressive melodic figure starting on G natural. He adds "its limpid and mellifluous accents are completely innocent of any of those undercurrents of irony, bravura or humorous exaggeration which have come to be accepted as the hallmarks of his very idiosyncratic style".
"À la musique" was a favourite piece of Claude Debussy and was chosen by Désiré-Émile Inghelbrecht to open the concert he conducted to inaugurate the new Théâtre des Champs-Élysées on 2 April 1913. Present at the rehearsal for this concert, Debussy asked the conductor to play it again – just for the pleasure of hearing it.
"À la musique" is scored for an orchestra consisting of 2 flutes, 2 oboes, 2 B flat clarinets, 2 bassoons; 4 horns in F, 2 trumpets in F, 3 trombones; timpani, triangle; 2 harps, violins, violas, cellos and double basses. 
References.
Delage R. "Emmanuel Chabrier." Paris, Fayard, 1999.<br>
Myers R. "Chabrier and his circle." London, J M Dent & Sons Ltd, 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20419755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419755" title="Oakwood (Harwood, Maryland)">
Oakwood (Harwood, Maryland)

Oakwood is a historic home at Harwood, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It was built in the 1850s and is a -story, frame vernacular farmhouse with Greek Revival influenced details. It is a highly intact, mid-19th-century tobacco plantation dwelling and is associated with Sprigg Harwood, a leader in the failed initiative to have Maryland leave the Union and align with the newly formed Confederate States of America.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20419759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419759" title="Night Unto Night">
Night Unto Night

Night Unto Night is a 1949 drama film directed by Don Siegel, based on the 1944 novel by Philip Wylie. It stars Ronald Reagan.
Fifteen years later, Siegel would direct Reagan's final film, 1964's "The Killers".
Plot.
John Gaylord is in Florida, looking for a new place to live. Gaylord is a former scientist who now suffers from epilepsy, a fact he keeps hidden from Ann Gracie, a widow who rents him her house.
Ann has introduced him to her friends C.L. and Thalia Shawn, a married couple who live nearby. Ann is upset because she believes she can still hear the voice of her late husband Bill, who was killed in the war.
John has an epileptic seizure. A doctor tells him his condition is worsening. He and C.L., an artist, have discussions of whether there is life after death. Ann's sister Lisa develops a romantic interest in him, but John falls for Ann instead. As a hurricane threatens, John contemplates suicide.

</doc>
<doc id="20419830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419830" title="John H. Jessen">
John H. Jessen

John H. Jessen is recognized internationally as the pioneer in the fields of computer forensics and electronic evidence discovery. Jessen has been quoted in "The Wall Street Journal", "The New York Times", "The Boston Globe", "Le Monde", "Newsweek", "Forbes", "Wired" magazine, and on CBS’ "60 Minutes", ABC's "20/20" and the Discovery Channel. He has been called the “best of the breed” of electronic evidence experts by the American Bar Association (ABA) "Journal" and “the nation’s foremost authority on secret or deleted computer files” by "Entrepreneur" magazine.
EED Inc. founder Jessen is a technical advisor on electronic discovery to the Sedona Conference, the legal industry's premier forum dedicated to the advanced study of law and policy.
Jessen is the chairman of the Sedona Conference executive committee. He is also on the steering committee of and technical expert to the Sedona Conference Working Group on Electronic Document Retention and Production.

</doc>
<doc id="20419840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419840" title="Obligation (Harwood, Maryland)">
Obligation (Harwood, Maryland)

Obligation is a historic home at Harwood, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It was begun in 1743 and later enlarged in 1827, to two and one-half stories. The house was built for Thomas Stockett III, and was enlarged to its present configuration during the ownership of his grandson, Joseph Noble Stockett (1779-1858). Dr. Thomas Noble Stockett (1747-1802) was the son of Thomas III, and became a prominent citizen and served as surgeon for the Maryland Line during the American Revolutionary War.
Obligation was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20419864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419864" title="Sub-niche">
Sub-niche

Sub-Niche Market is a word that comes from the word "niche" which means pertaining to or intended for a market niche; having specific appeal.
The word sub-niche refers to a specific market within a market or more specifically A niche market is a focused targetable portion(subset) of a market. This subset is a group of individuals removed from mainstream marketplace and divided into a smaller portion of the population within that group. A niche market may become so large that it may seem that it is part of a mainstream group when actuality it is still a niche. It can then be divided into a smaller group of individuals within the niche itself. When this occurs sub-niche market is formed.
Etymology.
The term "sub-niche" (pronounced sub-nish, sub-nesh,) was first used by internet marketers to describe persons or products in the market who are divided into smaller divisions then the niches they are perceived to be in. When used in business a sub-niche is meant to refer to smaller division within a niche that can be labeled to exist in an even smaller capacity and targeted by products and/or services that are more suited for these individuals than the actual niche has to offer. Whereas a sub-niche in the strict sense is usually referred to in the marketplace, it is perfectly adaptable to reference species position and use of resources within its environment much like a family within its community.
Marketing For and In Sub-Niche Markets.
Sub-Niche Marketing is the process of finding niche markets where the individuals can be broken down into smaller subsets of the niche itself. Usually this occurs in larger niche markets where the niche may no longer be targeted enough to satisfy the entire population of that niche. While the product and/or services provided by that particular niche serve to fulfill a need it may not to so to the highest degree. In this case a sub-niche would serve this purpose.
Online Sub-Niche Marketing.
This technique is often used by affiliate marketers. The sub-niche is a more profitable group based in the internet market as opposed to a tangible marketplace because of the specificity required in targeting such a market. Online business has little start up cost and can afford and even target multiple sub-niche markets to create a steady form of revenue. The technique of sub-niche marketing is duplicated in multiple markets to achieve the desired amount of income.

</doc>
<doc id="20419869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419869" title="BH Tennis Open International Cup">
BH Tennis Open International Cup

The BH Tennis Open International Cup is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually in Belo Horizonte, Brazil, since 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="20419874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419874" title="2009 Canadian Figure Skating Championships">
2009 Canadian Figure Skating Championships

The 2009 Canadian Figure Skating Championships were the Canadian Figure Skating Championships for the 2008-2009 figure skating season. The Canadian Championships are the figure skating national championship which determines the national champions of Canada. The event was organized by Skate Canada, the nation's figure skating governing body.
Skaters competed at the senior and junior levels in the disciplines of men's singles, women's singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. Although the official International Skating Union terminology for female skaters in the singles category is "ladies", Skate Canada uses "women" officially.
The competition took place between January 14 and 18, 2009 in the Credit Union Centre in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. The results of this competition were used to pick the Canadian teams to the 2009 World Figure Skating Championships, the 2009 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships, and the 2009 World Junior Figure Skating Championships, as well as the Canadian national team.
The junior compulsory dance was the Starlight Waltz and the senior compulsory dance was the Viennese Waltz.
International team selections.
The international teams were announced as follows

</doc>
<doc id="20419879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419879" title="Andrew Webster (cricketer)">
Andrew Webster (cricketer)

Andrew John Webster (born 5 March 1959) is a former English cricketer who played first-class and List A cricket for Worcestershire during the early 1980s. He also appeared at List A level for Staffordshire and Minor Counties.
Webster played briefly for Derbyshire's Second XI in 1979,
but he made his first-class debut for Worcestershire against Kent at Canterbury at the very end of the 1981 season. In a weather-affected match he bowled six wicketless overs and scored 6.
In 1982 Webster began the year in the seconds, but made his way into the first team by mid-season, and once there retained his place for most of the rest of the summer. His best performance came against Hampshire in August, when he took his career-best of 5/87 in the first innings, then (batting at ten) stayed with number 11 Stephen Perryman as the two added 6 to complete a one-wicket victory.
However, he was unable to match this feat, and by the end of the year was back in the Second XI, where he never returned, due to spinal injury.
After another game for Derbyshire II,
in 1985 he joined Staffordshire to play minor counties cricket, and stayed with them until the end of the 1980s, also playing six times for the Minor Counties representative side in the Benson & Hedges Cup. With Staffordshire he obtained his best List A figures, 4/38 against Nottinghamshire in the NatWest Trophy in 1985.
In 1989 he was part of the Old Hill side which narrowly lost the Cockspur Cup final to Teddington.

</doc>
<doc id="20419881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419881" title="Herbert Bautista">
Herbert Bautista

Herbert Constantine Maclang Bautista (born May 12, 1968) is a Filipino actor and politician. He is the mayor of Quezon City, winning in a landslide in May 2010. He won a landslide in his 2007 vice-mayoral reelection bid. He was formerly vice mayor of Quezon City, serving under Mayor Sonny Belmonte.
Early life.
He was born on May 12, 1968 in Quezon City to Herminio "Butch" Bautista (1940–), who became a two-term city councilor from the fourth district, and Rosario "Baby" Maclang (1947–2008), a restaurateur. He has two siblings, Hero and Harlene (married to Romnick Sarmienta). Herbert Bautista took Bachelor of Laws at New Era University though he was not able to finish it. [http://telebisyon.net/balita/Herbert-Bautista-pinagdududahan-na-ang-pagkalalaki/artikulo/17588/]
In 1992, he graduated from the San Beda College of Manila with a baccalaureate degree in Philosophy and Letters. Most recently, he was adjudged Most Outstanding Centennial Bedan Alumnus in recognition of his sterling contribution and leadership in civil governance and politics. He also has a Master of Arts degree in Public Administration from the University of the Philippines National College of Public Administration and Governance (UP-NCPAG). Bautista is also an alumnus of the National Defense College of the Philippines where he obtained his Master in National Security Administration (MNSA) degree. He is working towards his Doctorate degree in Public Administration and Governance from the UP-NCPAG.
Political career.
From 1986 to 1989, he was President of the Kabataang Barangay National Federation and was appointed "ex officio" City Councilor representing the Youth Sector of Quezon City. From 1992 to 1995, he was elected Councilor of Quezon City and was concurrently Chairperson of the Committee on Tourism and Cultural Affairs. He was the youngest Vice Mayor of Quezon City elected in May 1995.
Bautista became the youngest and first bachelor Vice Mayor of Quezon City elected in May 1995. After his first term, he ran for mayor in 1998, but lost to then-Mayor Ismael Mathay, Jr. Bautista returned to politics when he was elected as the City Vice Mayor thrice in 2001, 2004, and 2007.
One of the younger officials of the country, who has had a long and fruitful experience in government and the youth movement, Bautista is active in socio-civic activities. He is presently Board Director of the YMCA-QC, Inc., member of the Rotary Club of Kamuning, District 3780; founding president of the Association of Graduate Students and Alumni of the UP College of Public Administration in Diliman; board director of the Katipunan ng mga Artista sa Pelikulang Pilipino at Telebisyon (KAPPT) and member of the Philippine Constitution Association (PHILCONSA).
Bautista is the National President of the National Movement of Young Legislators (NMYL), a 6,000-member organization composed of vice governors, board members, vice mayors and councilors including Sangguniang Kabataan federation presidents.
On July 1, 2010, he took oath into office as the first bachelor Mayor of Quezon City after his landslide victory in the 2010 local elections in Quezon City. His running mate was Joy Belmonte, daughter of outgoing mayor Sonny Belmonte. She was also successful in the vice mayoral race. Their oath with the elder Belmonte as congressman and the city councilors was administered by Chief Justice Renato Corona.
Military career.
Bautista was commissioned as a Lieutenant Colonel thru the commissioning program of the Master in National Security Administration of the National Defense College of the Philippines. He is the current Commanding Officer of the 1502nd Quezon City Ready Reserve Brigade which is a component of the 15th Infantry Division (Ready Reserve), Philippine Army.
Achievements.
QC Drug Treatment and Rehabilitation Center or "Tahanan" was established in 1990 to serve as the Center for drug dependents through the application of a Therapeutic Community Program.

</doc>
<doc id="20419882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419882" title="London Pensions Fund Authority">
London Pensions Fund Authority

The London Pensions Fund Authority is a pension fund administration that in addition to maintaining its own fund is a key figure in administering the Local Government Pension Scheme, for local government employees and others across the United Kingdom. According to Bloomberg, it is among "the world's biggest investors." Accordingly, it takes an active voice in issues related to world economy, as with a recent expression of concern in the economic impact of global climate change.
The authority was formed in 1989 to fill the gap left by the 1986 dissolution of the Greater London Council (GLC) in administering that body's Pension Fund. It has taken on residual responsibilities for the employees of several other defunct organisations, including the Inner London Education Authority (ILEA) and the London Residuary Body (LRB).

</doc>
<doc id="20419888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419888" title="Amsterdamse Bos">
Amsterdamse Bos

The Amsterdamse Bos (English: "Amsterdam Wood") is an English park or landscape park in the municipalities Amstelveen and Amsterdam. And although most of the park is located in Amstelveen, the owner of the park is the City of Amsterdam. Annually, almost 4.5 million people visit the park, which has a size of 1,000 hectares and is approximately three times the size of Central Park.
Zonneweide is a nudist area.

</doc>
<doc id="20419901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419901" title="Anglo-Spanish War (1625–30)">
Anglo-Spanish War (1625–30)

The Anglo–Spanish War (1625–1630) was fought by Spain against the Kingdom of England and the United Provinces. The conflict formed part of the Eighty Years' War and the Thirty Years' War.
Background.
In 1620, Philip IV reigned in Spain, with the Count-Duke of Olivares as his favourite. The War of Flanders had reignited after the Twelve-Year Truce, and Spain's finances flowed from its imports of silver from its American colonies. James I was King of England, Scotland and Ireland, with his son Charles, Prince of Wales, as his heir. At this time the Kingdom of England had military ties with the United Provinces, which they had assisted in the War of Flanders.
Around this time a series of events unfolded resulting in the resumption of hostilities between the two kingdoms. During the Thirty Years' War which broke out in Europe, Frederick V of the Palatinate and his wife Elizabeth Stuart, the daughter of the King of England, were defeated and dispossessed by the Spanish Tercios.
George Villiers, 1st Duke of Buckingham, accompanied the Prince of Wales on a trip to Madrid to arrange the details of the proposed wedding between Charles and Maria Anna of Spain, however these negotiations proved unsuccessful.
In March 1624, James I, previously a pacifist, declared war on Spain with the support of the House of Commons; the House of Commons appropriated funding for the prosecution of the war. The next year James I died following a bout of dysentery. His successor pushed forward the preparations for war against Spain, even before he was crowned as king, with the assistance of the Duke of Buckingham.
Siege of Breda.
In August 1624, Spanish General Don Ambrosio Spinola ordered the Dutch city of Breda besieged by his forces. The city of Breda was heavily fortified and defended by a garrison of 7,000 Dutch soldiers. Spinola rapidly gathered his defences and drove off a Dutch relief army under Maurice of Nassau, the Prince of Orange, who was attempting to cut off his supplies. In February 1625, another relief force, consisting of 7,000 English soldiers under Sir Horace Vere and Ernst von Mansfeld, was also defeated.
Finally, Justin of Nassau surrendered Breda to the Spaniards in June 1625 after an eleven-month siege.
Cádiz Expedition.
By October 1625, approximately 100 ships and a total of 15,000 seamen and soldiers were readied for the Cádiz Expedition. An alliance with the Dutch had also been forged, and the new allies agreed to dispatch an additional 15 warships commanded by William of Nassau, to assist in guarding the English Channel in the absence of the English main fleet. Sir Edward Cecil, a battle-hardened veteran of combat in service with the Dutch, was appointed commander of the expedition by the Duke of Buckingham, a choice that proved to be ill-considered. Cecil was a good soldier, but he had little knowledge of nautical matters.
The planned expedition involved several elements: overtaking Spanish treasure ships returning from the Americas loaded with valuables; and assaulting Spanish towns, with the intention of assailing the Spanish economy by weakening the Spanish supply chain and consequently relieving the military pressure on the Electorate of the Palatinate.
The entire expedition descended into farce. The English forces wasted time in capturing an old fort of little importance, giving Cádiz the time to fully mobilise behind its defences and allowing merchant ships in the bay to make good their escape. The city's modernised defences, a vast improvement on those of Tudor times, proved effective. Meanwhile, a body of English forces landed further down the coast to march on the city also became side-tracked because of poor discipline. Eventually, Sir Edward Cecil, the commander of the English forces, faced with dwindling supplies, decided there was no alternative but to return to England, having captured few goods and having had no impact on Spain. And thus in December, a battered fleet returned home.
Charles I of England, to protect his own dignity and Buckingham, who had failed to ensure the invasion fleet was well supplied, made no effort to inquire as to the cause of the failure of the Cadiz Expedition. Charles turned a blind eye to the debacle, instead preoccupying himself with the plight of the French Huguenots of La Rochelle. But the House of Commons proved less forgiving. The parliament of 1626 initiated the process of impeachment against the Duke of Buckingham, prompting Charles I to choose to dissolve parliament rather than risk a successful impeachment.
The failure of the attack had severe consequences for England. In addition to the economic and human loss, it damaged the reputation of the English Crown, creating a serious political and financial crisis in the country.
1627–1628.
The Duke of Buckingham then negotiated with the French regent, Cardinal Richelieu, for English ships to aid Richelieu in his fight against the French Huguenots, in exchange for French aid against the Spanish occupying the Electorate of the Palatinate, but the Parliament of England was disgusted and horrified at the thought of English Protestants fighting French Protestants. The plan only fuelled their fears of crypto-Catholicism at court. Buckingham himself, believing that the failure of his enterprise was the result of treachery by Richelieu, formulated an alliance among Cardinal Richelieu's many enemies, a policy that included support for the very Huguenots whom he had recently attacked.
The English force commanded by the Duke of Buckingham was defeated by the French Royal troops at the Siege of Saint-Martin-de-Ré and at the Siege of La Rochelle. In this campaign the English lost more than 4,000 men of a force of 7,000 men. On August 23, while organising a second campaign in Portsmouth, England in 1628, Buckingham was stabbed to death at the Greyhound Pub by John Felton, an army officer who had been wounded at the Siege of La Rochelle.
St. Kitts and Nevis.
In 1629, a Spanish naval expedition, commanded by Admiral Don Fadrique de Toledo, was sent to deal with the recently established Anglo-French colonies on the Caribbean islands of Saint Kitts and Nevis. The territories were regarded by the Spanish Empire as its own since the islands were discovered by the Spanish in 1498 and the English and French colonies had grown sufficiently to be considered a threat to the Spanish West Indies. In the Battle of St. Kitts, the heavily armed settlements on both islands were destroyed and the Spanish seized the islands.
Aftermath.
Following these defeats, England altered its involvement in the Thirty Years War by negotiating a peace treaty with France in 1629. Thereafter expeditions were undertaken by the Duke of Hamilton and Lord Craven to the Holy Roman Empire in support of the thousands of Scottish mercenaries already serving under the King of Sweden in that conflict. Hamilton's levy was raised despite the end of the Anglo-Spanish War.
In 1630, Philip IV of Spain and Charles I of England signed the Treaty of Madrid, ending the war. It had proven a costly fiasco for England and Scotland, but merely a minor distraction for the Spanish and French, who were occupied by the wars engulfing Europe. In England, the war costs and mismanagement fueled the fire of disputes between the Monarchy and Parliament that began before the English Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="20419909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419909" title="Parkhurst (Harwood, Maryland)">
Parkhurst (Harwood, Maryland)

Parkhurst is a historic home at Harwood, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is a large two-story frame house with a complex floor plan, reflecting the evolution of the dwelling. The original Gothic Revival vernacular, center-passage, double-pile plan house was constructed about 1848-1850 by Richard S. Mercer. Alterations and additions were made in the early 20th century, giving the house a Neoclassical appearance. Also on the property are a timber framed mid-19th century smokehouse and an early-20th century frame tobacco barn.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="20419921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419921" title="R (ProLife Alliance) v. BBC">
R (ProLife Alliance) v. BBC

R (ProLife Alliance) v. BBC was a House of Lords case concerning the extent to which matters of good taste and decency are sufficient to justify the censorship of a Public Election Broadcast. The ProLife Alliance submitted a video that showed the results of an abortion. The video was held to violate statutory regulations requiring public broadcast to be decent. After extensive legal proceedings, the Court of Appeal ruled in favour of the ProLife Alliance. However, the decision was overturned by the House of Lords.
Facts.
The ProLife Alliance is a political party that campaigns for "absolute respect for innocent human life from fertilisation until natural death and therefore opposes abortion, euthanasia, destructive embryo research and human cloning." (Paragraph 2 of the Court of Appeal judgment)
In 1997, the ProLife Alliance had enough support to be granted a Public Election Broadcast (PEB), subject to rules set out by the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC), Independent Television Commission (ITC) and the Electoral Commission. The ProLife Alliance submitted a video that was graphic in nature. The video, the HL said, showed "the products of a suction abortion: tiny limbs, bloodied and dismembered, a separated head, their human shape and form plainly recognisable. There are some pictures showing the results of the procedures undertaken to procure an abortion at later stages... They are, I think, certainly disturbing to any person of ordinary sensibilities."
The broadcasters declined to show the video, on the grounds that it could have been offensive or disturbing to a large number of viewers. The ProLife Alliance sought permission for judicial review of their decision, which was refused. "A further application to the Court of Appeal was also refused. The appellant applied to the European Court of Human Rights, alleging a violation of Article 10 of the European Convention on Human Rights (“ECHR”). The application was declared inadmissible without the United Kingdom government being called on to put in observations." (Para. 7)
The Law.
The Broadcasting Act 1990 makes the following provisions:
And, in section 36:
The following provisions of the Broadcasting Act 1996 are also important:
Court of Appeal ruling.
The Court of Appeal ruled in favour of the ProLife Alliance by stating that the BBC had acted unfairly in denying them one election broadcast in Wales.
House of Lords.
The House of Lords overruled the Court of Appeal decision.

</doc>
<doc id="20419925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419925" title="Cyprus Navy">
Cyprus Navy

The Cyprus Naval Command (Greek Ναυτική Διοίκηση Κύπρου) (also known as the Cyprus Navy or Cypriot Navy) is the armed sea wing of the Cyprus National Guard. This force does not possess any capital ships or other major warships, but is equipped with patrol boats, landing craft, surface-to-surface missile systems and integrated radar systems, as well as SEALs-type naval underwater demolitions units. The Cyprus Navy has the primary mission of defending the sea borders of the Republic of Cyprus, but is currently unable to access waters around Turkish-occupied Northern Cyprus which are controlled by the Turkish Navy since the 1974 conflict.
History.
Combat actions of 1964.
On 6 August 1964, Cyprus National Guard forces commenced combat action against the Turkish Cypriot enclave of Kokkina, in the north-west of Cyprus. This operation was regarded by both Cyprus and Greece as a necessary interdiction against a threat by Turkish Cypriot militia, who were using Kokkina as a beachhead by which to land supplies and weapons shipped from Turkey. The Cyprus National Guard forces were under the command of General George Grivas, with the blessing of Athens. A combined land and sea attack was launched against Kokkina using two Cyprus Navy R-151 Group patrol boats, the "Phaethon" ("commander - Second Leuthenant Dimitrios Mytsatsos") and the "Arion", manned by Greek navy personnel. Firing 40mm and 20mm shells, the two patrol boats bombarded the enclave for a period of time, in conjunction with land-based 25-pounder artillery.
The battle was well underway on 8 August, when the Turkish Air Force commenced its own attack with fighter aircraft, making numerous strafing passes of Greek Cypriot positions. The vessel "Phaethon" was struck by rocket fire and burst into flames, forcing the crew to deliberately run it aground near Xeros Harbour. Seven of the crewmembers on "Phaethon" were killed and several wounded in the attack, and the ship was unsalvagable and later stricken.
The second R-151 Group patrol boat, "Arion", was attacked by the same Turkish fighter jet formations, and was reportedly struck several times by strafing fire, but escaped to Paphos. During the attack on the "Arion", a Turkish F-100 Super Sabre, piloted by Captain Cengiz Topel, was struck by 40mm anti-aircraft fire and shot down. The pilot ejected over land but was promptly captured and lynched by members of the Cyprus National Guard.
Navy Organization in 1970.
MTB's flotilla:
Cyprus Navy vessels in 1964-1974.
Main armament
Combat actions of 1974.
On 15 July 1974, EOKA-B and elements of the Cyprus National Guard overthrew the legitimate President, Archbishop Makarios and replaced him with Nikos Sampson. Makarios escaped an initial attempt to capture him at the Archbishiporic in Nicosia, and fled to Paphos. A naval patrol vessel, "Leventis" (pennant number 15) was quickly dispatched to Paphos to begin shelling a radio station there which was being operated by pro-Makarios elements.
On 20 July 1974, Turkey invaded Cyprus in a surprise-attack, without issuing a declaration of war. A naval force of Turkish vessels was detected by coastal radar at Apostolos Andreas approaching the coast, and a second force of naval vessels was sighted off the coast of Kyrenia during the early hours. The Cyprus National Guard Naval Command quickly ordered its two motor torpedo boats, "T-1" ("commander - Lieutenant Junior Grade Nicolaos Verikios") and "T-3" ("commander - Lieutenant Elefterios Tsomakis"), (based at Kyrenia) to attack the Turkish flotilla directly. Both vessels were promptly sunk by combined air and sea attack. The rest of the Cyprus Navy vessels were sunk by their own crews at Naval base "Chrysulis" in Boghazi (14.08.1974). After the conflict, two boats were refloated by Turkish troops and transferred to Golcuk Naval Museum, Turkey (on display with pennant numbers 11 and 12).
Developments from 1975 to 2008.
In 1983, the Navy acquired a single Type 32L Esterel fast patrol craft from France. The vessel has been upgraded, and has heavy armament, including two 2-round Mistral-SIMBAD air-defence missile launchers, 1 40mm .70cal OTO-Breda-Bofors AA cannon and 1 20mm .90cal Rheinmetall AA cannon. Later (circa 2006-2008) 40mm .70cal OTO-Breda-Bofors AA cannon was replaced by 20mm .70cal Oerlikon Mk10 AA cannon.
In 1994, Cyprus acquired 24 Aerospatiale MM40 Exocet Block-II anti-ship missiles (reportedly initially intended for Iran) from France, along with 3 coastal defence batteries.
In 2000, the Cyprus Navy received the ex-Hellenic Navy patrol boat ""Knossos"", which was renamed ""Kyrenia"", designated "P02" and formed the "Kyrenia" class. This vessel was Greek made, of the Dilos-class, previously designated P269. This vessel is armed with one single 20mm .70cal Oerlikon Mk10 AA cannon and one 2-round Mistral-SIMBAD air-defence missile launcher.
In 2002, the Cyprus Navy acquired two Rodman 55 fast assault boats for the purpose of serving her Special Forces units. These fast craft are named "Agathos" and "Panagos".
During 2004-2006, Cyprus took delivery of four FPB 30M type fast patrol craft from manufacturer Cantierre Navale Vittoria of Italy, of which two were intended for the Navy, and two intended for the Marine Police. These vessels were fitted with single 25mm .80cal KBA OTO-Melara automatic cannons and two single 12.7mm machine guns, equipped with radars and Forward Looking Infra-Red (FLIRs). The Navy pair were issued the pennant numbers "P03" and "P04".
2011 Base Disaster and Naval Reconstruction.
On 11 July 2011, the Evangelos Florakis Naval Base explosion resulted in the destruction of much of the infrastructure of the nation's main naval port and loss of the Commander of Cypriot Navy Captain Andreas Ioannides. Reconstruction began immediately on the strength of domestic contracts for buildings and structures.
2013 Reported Acquisition of New Warships.
Following various media reports in 2012 that Cyprus was entertaining offers by Israel and Greece to supply two heavy Offshore Patrol Vessels (OPVs), being far larger and more capable than anything previously operated, it was extensively reported in January 2013 that Cyprus has signed an agreement with France to purchase two large, stealthy and well-armed vessels based upon the GOWIND corvette design. This frenzy of media speculation was bolstered by the otherwise sudden and unexplained visit to Cyprus by the L'Adroit, which some sources interpreted as a demonstration of the ship design, to be held at Limassol port from 24 to 26 January 2013. Further unconfirmed reports by the Cyprus media claim to have it on good authority that a $120 million USD down payment for the vessels is factored into the 2013 fiscal budget, justified against the financial crisis by emergency defense requirements.
Current inventory of vessels.
Main naval base - Evangelos Florakis, Zygi
Naval stations - Limassol, Pafos

</doc>
<doc id="20419926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419926" title="Johann Christoph Wendland">
Johann Christoph Wendland

Johann Christoph Wendland (July 17, 1755 – July 27, 1828) was a German botanist and gardener born in Petit-Landau, Alsace. 
Family.
His son, Heinrich Ludolph Wendland (1791–1869), and his grandson, Hermann Wendland (1825–1903), were also gardeners and botanists.
Youth.
As a young man he received an education in horticulture at the nursery of Karlsruhe Palace. In 1780 he became a gardener at Herrenhausen Gardens in Hanover, where he gained botanical experience from Jakob Friedrich Ehrhart (1742–1795), the director of the gardens.
Life work.
In 1817 Wendland was appointed inspector at Herrenhausen Gardens. He specialized in the culture of vineyards and peach trees. He created the illustrations for his published works. As a taxonomist, he circumscribed numerous plant genera and species.

</doc>
<doc id="20419935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419935" title="Uncle Daddy">
Uncle Daddy

Uncle Daddy is a young adult novel written by Ralph Fletcher, first published in 2001. It was awarded a Christopher Medal in the Books for Young People, ages 10–12 category in 2002.
Plot summary.
Rivers's father abandoned his wife and son when the son is three years old, he goes out to get a pizza and does not come back. His mother's uncle moves in and becomes "Uncle Daddy". Rivers is living a fairly typical life for a nine year old boy when his father returns after a six year absence. The return of Rivers's father threatens to tear the family apart until Uncle Daddy suffers a near fatal heart attack. Rivers and his parents come together to support Uncle Daddy.
Reception.
Roger Sutton in his review for "Horn Book Magazine" said that "Rivers's narration is open and vulnerable, and readers will feel a ready empathy, not to mention a wish for an Uncle Daddy of their own." Heide Piehler said in her review for "School Library Journal" that this novel will "appeal to readers who want an alternative to the grim realism of much contemporary fiction." Carol Otis Hurst in her review for "Teaching Pre K-8" said that "this short novel is a tear-jerker and Uncle Daddy is almost too good to ring true, but the plot survives -- and so does Uncle Daddy. Rivers' father has some reasons but no excuses for abandoning his family and their anger is realistically presented." Nancy Johnson in her review for "The Reading Teacher" said that "Ralph Fletcher's realistic relationship between adults is convincing while the hero status imposed by Rivers on his great-uncle provides a child's perspective of a relative who went beyond the common familial relationships to provide a safe and secure environment for loved ones."
Awards.
"Uncle Daddy" was awarded a Christopher Medal in the Books for Young People, ages 10–12 category in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20419952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419952" title="Summer Hill (Davidsonville, Maryland)">
Summer Hill (Davidsonville, Maryland)

Summer Hill is a historic home at Davidsonville, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is a -story frame dwelling, five bays wide and two deep. It represents a typical Maryland farmhouse of the mid 19th century. The exterior is in transition between mid-19th-century style, broadly derived from Greek Revival architecture, and an earlier style derived from Federal-Georgian sources.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="20419956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419956" title="Crispian">
Crispian

Crispian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20419966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419966" title="Tatlayoko Lake">
Tatlayoko Lake

Tatlayoko Lake is a lake on the Homathko River in the western Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located on a north-south axis just upstream of the entrance of the series of canyons of the Homathko, including the Great Canyon of the Homathko, on its route to the sea at the head of Bute Inlet. The community of Tatlayoko Lake, British Columbia is located at its northern end.
History.
Tatlayoko Lake is part of the land claim of the Tsilqot'in People of Xeni (aka Xeni Gwet'in First Nation or the Nemaia Valley Indian Band) and is called by them "Talhiqox Biny" ("biny"-"lake"). One of their number, Klattasine or Klatsassan, led a party of warriors to attack a crew building a gold-rush era route known as Waddington's Road in the Homathko's canyons, which was the opening round of the Chilcotin War of 1864. Relief troops, including the governor of the colony's own party and escort, came to the Chilcotin via Tatlayoko Lake.
Tatlayoko Lake and the Homathko River are components in a proposed diversion project involving Chilko Lake, across the mountains on the east side of the lake. Run-of-the-river hydroelectric licenses have been let for the Homathko downstream from the lake.
Etymology.
The first comprehensive map of British Columbia was produced under the authority of Joseph Trutch, and was published in 1871. This map gives the name as Ta tlah co Lake, which is similar to the Tsilqot'in name Telhiqox. A few years later, George Dawson surveyed the geology of the area, and his 1878 report to the Geological Survey of Canada used the spelling Tatlayoco. Maps of British Columbia published in the 1880s and 1890s continued to use minor variations of Tatlahco Lake, while many geological publications used Dawson's spelling of Tatlayoco.
The existence of many different spellings for a geographic location was not unusual for that era, and the Geographic Board of Canada was established in 1897 to standardize these spellings. Their "Rules of Nomenclature" included the following:
The Geographic Board of Canada was unaware that the lake was named Tatlahco, which they erroneously thought was a name for a tributary to the Bella Coola River. They were only aware of Dawson's spelling of Tatlayoco, which they adopted as the official name in 1911, after changing the hard "c" to a "k". The name therefore came to be spelled Tatlayoko, despite the fact that Tatlahco was published first, is a better approximation of the original Tsilhqot'in word, and reflects the actual pronunciation of the name (TA-tla-ko).
According to the Rules of Nomenclature, Tatlahco should have been respelled Tatlako.

</doc>
<doc id="20419972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419972" title="Won't Be Blue Anymore">
Won't Be Blue Anymore

"Won't Be Blue Anymore" is the fifth studio album by country music artist Dan Seals. It has been his most successful album to date; the only one to reach #1 on the Top Country Albums chart. The album featured some of Seals most popular songs, including "Bop" and "Meet Me In Montana", a duet with Marie Osmond. These and the third single, "Everything That Glitters (Is Not Gold)", all reached #1 on the Hot Country Songs chart. "Bop" was a major crossover hit, peaking at #10 on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart. The compact disc format of this album was released on the album's initial release. It has been out-of-print for more than 20 years and is highly collectible.

</doc>
<doc id="20419991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419991" title="Henry Thomas Bowlby">
Henry Thomas Bowlby

Henry Thomas Bowlby, 1864–1940, Headmaster of Lancing College, 1909-25.
The Rev. Canon Henry Thomas Bowlby, M.A., was educated at Charterhouse School and was an Exhibitioner of Balliol College, Oxford.
Oxford University Athletics Club 1884-87, President 1886.
Assistant Master at Eton College 1887-1909
Canon of Chichester 1925-30.
Father of Capt. H. R. Bowlby, also a Master at Lancing.
He was succeeded as Headmaster of Lancing by Cuthbert Harold Blakiston.
Died 7 February 1940.
He was the son of Henry Bowlby, Bishop Suffragan of Coventry.

</doc>
<doc id="20419993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20419993" title="Avoca, New Zealand">
Avoca, New Zealand

Avoca is a locality in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand. It is situated along the Midland Railway Line between Craigieburn and Staircase. There are no permanent residents, but it once supported a small number of railway staff.
Mount Torlesse Coal Company.
This company operated coal mines in the adjacent Broken River Valley between ca. 1917 and ca. 1928. It operated a 70 cm horse and steam hauled tramway from an approx. 700-metre-long inclined plane that hauled coal up out of the Broken River valley, thence 2.7 kilometers along a high hill-side to another inclined plane that lowered coal approx 600 meters to bins at Avoca railway station. Coal was then distributed throughout Canterbury. The opening of the Otira Railway Tunnel in 1923 giving access to cheaper coal from Westland probably contributed significantly to the company's demise. The old mine managers house is now used by the Conservation Department as a field staff training facility.

</doc>
<doc id="20420002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420002" title="Corticiaceae">
Corticiaceae

The Corticiaceae are a family of fungi in the order Corticiales. The family formerly included almost all the corticioid (patch- or crust-forming) fungi, whether they were related or not, and as such was highly artificial. In its current sense, however, the name Corticiaceae is restricted to a comparatively small group of mainly corticioid genera within the Corticiales, though the family is as yet not well defined.
Taxonomy.
History.
The German mycologist Wilhelm Gustav Franz Herter first published the Corticiaceae in 1910 to accommodate species of hymenomycetes that produced basidiocarps (fruit bodies) which were effused (spread out and patch-like) and had a more or less smooth hymenophore (spore-bearing surface). Since this definition was vague, superficial, and covered a large range of unrelated fungi, the Corticiaceae, though widely adopted, were also widely recognized as an unnatural grouping. Indeed, in a 1964 survey of families, Donk considered the Corticiaceae to be "a nice example of how extremely artificial taxa can be".
In this wide sense, the boundaries of the Corticiaceae were never clearly defined. It was sometimes separated from the Stereaceae, a family in which fruitbodies had a tendency to form pilei (caps or brackets), but often these two artificial families were united. In this united sense, the Corticiaceae certainly included the genera and species treated in the standard, 8-volume reference work "The Corticiaceae of North Europe" (1972-1987), where it was acknowledged that the family was "not a natural taxon but an assemblage of species with similar habitat." With the addition of non-European species, this meant that the Corticiaceae eventually expanded to include over 200 genera worldwide. The name "Corticiaceae" is still occasionally used in this wide sense ("sensu lato"), but it has generally been replaced by the term "corticioid fungi".
Earlier family names for the Corticiaceae "s.l." are the Cyphellaceae, Peniophoraceae, and Vuilleminiaceae, as noted by Donk in 1964. Since the name Corticiaceae was so commonly used, it was officially conserved against these earlier names under the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature. This only applies, however, if the suppressed names are considered to be synonyms, rather than distinct families separate from the Corticiaceae.
Current status.
Molecular research, based on cladistic analysis of DNA sequences, has limited the Corticiaceae in its strict sense ("sensu stricto") to a comparatively small group of genera within the Corticiales. The family, however, remains undefined. Larsson, in 2007, treated it as synonymous with the order, but the resurrection of the Punctulariaceae and Vuilleminiaceae within the Corticiales now leaves the Corticiaceae as a "dustbin taxon" for the leftover genera. As such, the family contains some 27 genera and over 100 species.
Description.
Though now based on molecular phylogenetics, the Corticiaceae "s.s." have certain features partly in common. Basidiocarps, for example, have a tendency to be pink or orange, as in the type species of "Corticium", ("C. roseum"), and species in genera such as "Erythricium", "Laetisaria", "Limonomyces", and "Marchandiobasidium". Several of the Corticiaceae also produce sclerotia, bulbils, or other anamorphic (asexual) propagules, including species in the genera "Corticium", "Laetisaria", "Marchandiobasidium", and "Waitea". Species in the genus "Marchandiomyces" are entirely anamorphic. Finally, many of the Corticiaceae "s.s." are obligate or facultative pathogens, such as "Marchandiobasidium aurantiacum" and "Marchandiomyces corallinus" on lichens and "Erythricium salmonicolor", "Laetisaria" spp, "Limonomyces" spp, and "Waitea circinata" on grasses and other plants.
Habitat and distribution.
The majority of species in the Corticiaceae are wood-rotting saprotrophs, typically forming corticioid basidiocarps on the undersides of dead, attached branches, less commonly on fallen wood. Several species are parasites of lichens, grasses, or other plants. "Guilia tenuis" is a pycnidial anamorph growing on bamboo. The anomalous agaric species, "Marchandiomphalina foliacea", is lichenized. Collectively, they have a cosmopolitan distribution.
Economic importance.
Several species within the Corticiaceae are commercially important pathogens of crops or turf grass. "Erythricium salmonicolor" attacks woody commercial crops (citrus, coffee, rubber, etc.) in the tropics, causing "pink disease". "Waitea circinata" is also a pathogen, causing diseases of cereal crops, including "sheath spot" of rice. The same fungus also causes "brown ring patch" in turf grasses. "Laetisaria fuciformis" is the cause of "red thread" disease in turf grass, whilst "Limonomyces roseipellis" is the cause of "pink patch" disease. 

</doc>
<doc id="20420005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420005" title="Vonray (album)">
Vonray (album)

Vonray is the debut major label (Elektra Records) studio album by American rock band Vonray, released on April 8, 2003. This was Vonray's last released album. "Vonray" yielded the band's only success: the single "Inside Out".
Production and marketing.
After three independent studio album releases and opening for many high profile bands such as Third Eye Blind, Seven Mary Three and Creed, the band Vonray was signed to Elektra Records in late 2002. The band began working on an album which was produced by Marc Tanner, who worked with the likes of The Calling and Nelson. Promotion for the band was backed up by the band Creed and the album "Vonray" released in early 2003.
Singles.
The first single released from "Vonray" was "Inside Out" in late 2002. The song received exposure due to being featured on the soundtrack album to the hit TV series "Smallville". Two bandmembers appeared on the show itself performing the song acoustically. "Inside Out" experienced mild success in the United States and peaked at #32 on the Billboard Adult Top 40 chart and at #31 on Billboard's Top 40 Mainstream chart. The second single released for the album was "I'll Show You" around June 2003. The single received little promotion from the label and failed to chart. Due to the Elektra Records/Atlantic Records merger, promotion for the band all but ceased, and the band was dropped from the label soon after. Thus no more singles were released.
Music videos.
A music video was produced for the single "Inside Out" and was directed by Kevin Lang and Hector Lopez. It was released on April 8, 2003. The video is a compilation of two live performances of "Inside Out". No music video was produced for "I'll Show You".
Reception.
Chart Performance.
The album "Vonray" itself did not chart in any territories.
Credits.
Band
Production
Marketing and A&R

</doc>
<doc id="20420008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420008" title="Atheliales">
Atheliales

The Atheliaceae are a family of fungi in the monotypic order Atheliales. Both the order and the family were described by Walter Jülich in 1981. According to a 2008 estimate, the family contains 22 genera and 106 species.

</doc>
<doc id="20420021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420021" title="Boreostereaceae">
Boreostereaceae

Boreostereaceae is a family of fungi in the order Polyporales. Members of this family, which have a worldwide distribution (especially in northern temperate regions) are known to be wood decayers, causing white and brown rots of both conifers and broad-leaved trees.

</doc>
<doc id="20420026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420026" title="Cyphellaceae">
Cyphellaceae

The Cyphellaceae are a family of fungi in the Agaricales order. The family contains 16 genera and 31 species.

</doc>
<doc id="20420029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420029" title="Sudley (Deale, Maryland)">
Sudley (Deale, Maryland)

Sudley is a historic home at Deale, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is a -story frame house with shorter perpendicular wings added. It is a grand hall-chamber house of the 1720–1730 period and retains a great deal of early finish. The house is typical of the Medieval Transitional style of architecture, and has undergone three significant renovations, one in the third quarter of the 18th century of Georgian-style, one about 1800, and finally a restoration in 1945. The house is associated with Kensey Johns, Chief Justice of the Delaware Supreme Court, chancellor of Delaware, and a delegate to the Delaware Constitutional Convention from New Castle County, Delaware; John Johns, Bishop of Virginia and President of The College of William and Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia; the ancestors of Johns Hopkins, the Baltimore benefactor; and families associated generally with the county's Quaker heritage.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="20420033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420033" title="Cystostereaceae">
Cystostereaceae

The Cystostereaceae are a family of fungi in the Agaricales order.

</doc>
<doc id="20420035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420035" title="R (on the application of Daly) v Secretary of State for the Home Department">
R (on the application of Daly) v Secretary of State for the Home Department

R (on the application of Daly) v Secretary of State for the Home Department was a House of Lords case concerning the rights of a prisoner when his cell is searched by prison officers. The case concerned whether cell searches contravened a prisoner's right to private correspondence with his solicitor. The case is of importance for its use of a proportionality test in a judicial review case, a method copied from the jurisprudence of the European Convention on Human Rights. The opinion was given on 23 May 2001, and the prisoner's case was accepted.

</doc>
<doc id="20420050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420050" title="Fomitopsidaceae">
Fomitopsidaceae

The Fomitopsidaceae are a family of fungi in the order Polyporales. Most species are parasitic on woody plants, and tend to cause brown rots.
Genera.
"Amylocystis" —
"Antrodia" —
"Auriporia" —
"Buglossoporus" —
"Climacocystis" —
"Dacryobolus" —
"Daedalea" —
"Donkioporia" —
"Fomitella" —
"Fomitopsis" —
"Gilbertsonia" —
"Ischnoderma" —
"Laetiporus" —
"Laricifomes" —
"Lasiochlaena" —
"Osteina" —
"Parmastomyces" —
"Phaeolus" —
"Pilatoporus" —
"Piptoporus" —
"Pycnoporellus" —
"Postia" —
"Spelaeomyces" —
"Xylostroma"

</doc>
<doc id="20420055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420055" title="Ganodermataceae">
Ganodermataceae

The Ganodermataceae are a family of fungi in the order Polyporales.

</doc>
<doc id="20420066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420066" title="Grammotheleaceae">
Grammotheleaceae

The Grammotheleaceae are a family of fungi in the order Polyporales. The family was circumscribed by Swiss mycologist Walter Jülich in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="20420079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420079" title="Hyphodermataceae">
Hyphodermataceae

The Hyphodermataceae are a family of fungi in the order Polyporales.

</doc>
<doc id="20420093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420093" title="Meripilaceae">
Meripilaceae

The Meripilaceae are a family of fungi in the order Polyporales.

</doc>
<doc id="20420113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420113" title="Meruliaceae">
Meruliaceae

The Meruliaceae are a family of fungi in the order Polyporales. According to a 2008 estimate, the family contains 47 genera and 420 species. The family was formally circumscribed by English mycologist Carleton Rea in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="20420122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420122" title="Phanerochaetaceae">
Phanerochaetaceae

The Phanerochaetaceae are a family of fungi in the order Polyporales.
External links.
Index Fungorum

</doc>
<doc id="20420130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420130" title="Tatlayoko Lake, British Columbia">
Tatlayoko Lake, British Columbia

Tatlayoko Lake is an unincorporated settlement and locality on the Homathko River just north of that river's entry into the lake of same name, which is located in the western Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada.
Climate.
The name Tatlayoko is derived from the Tsilhqot'in language and means "lake of the big winds." 
In relation to the nearby community of Tatla Lake, British Columbia and indeed the rest of the Chilcotin Plateau off to the east, Tatlayoko Lake tends to be wetter in the winter and drier in the summer. 
Weather Facts:

</doc>
<doc id="20420146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420146" title="Jean Marzollo">
Jean Marzollo

Jean Marzollo is a children's author and illustrator. Born in 1942, she has written over 100 books, including the best-selling {https://partners.nytimes.com/pages/books/bestseller/index.html} ("The New York Times Best Seller List") award-winning I SPY series for children, written completely in rhythm and rhyme.
Marzollo was born and raised in Connecticut.
Education.
She is a graduate of Manchester High School (1960), the University of Connecticut (1964)and the Harvard Graduate School of Education (1965)[http://www.gse.harvard.edu/.
Career.
She was a high school English teacher in Arlington, MA (1965–66) and the assistant director of Harvard's Project Upward Bound (1967). In New York City, she worked on early childhood research projects for General Learning Corp. (1967–69) and was the Director of Publications for the National Commission on Resources for Youth (1970–71). For 20 years from 1972–1992, Jean Marzollo was editor of Scholastic's "Let's Find Out" Magazine working closely with art director Carol Devine Carson. She has written books for teachers and parents, as well as articles about children for Parents Magazine [http://www.parents.com/, Redbook, and other parenting magazines.
Current projects.
Jean Marzollo is best known for her award-winning, best-selling "(The New York Times Best Seller List)" I SPY series with photographic illustrator Walter Wick. Among her other children's books are: Help Me Learn Addition, Help Me Learn Numbers 0-20, The Little Plant Doctor, Pierre the Penguin, Mama Mama/Papa Papa, Close Your Eyes, Pretend You're a Cat, Happy Birthday, Martin Luther King, and the Shanna Show books. After more than twenty years of writing children's books, she began to illustrate them, too. She has retold and illustrated five Bible stories and three Greek myths, as well as writing and illustrating two counting books for preschoolers: Ten Little Eggs and Ten Little Christmas Presents.
In recent years she has developed online, interactive books for young children to play on computers and on interactive whiteboards, such as SMART Boards.
Personal life.
She is married to Claudio Marzollo, a retired sculptor who has co-authored some of her children's science fiction and fantasy books. They have two sons, Dan Marzollo and Dave Marzollo.
Published works.
9 Months 1 Day 1 Year: A Guide to Pregnancy, Birth and Babycare, <br>
39 Kids on the Block: Chicken Pox Strikes Again #5,<br>
39 Kids on the Block: My Sister the Blabbermouth #6, <br>
39 Kids on the Block: Roses are Pink and You Stink #3,<br>
39 Kids on the Block: The Best Friends Club #4,<br>
39 Kids on the Block: The Best Present Ever #2,<br>
39 Kids on the Block: The Green Ghost of Appleville #1, <br>
Amy Goes Fishing,<br>
Baby Unicorn and Baby Dragon, <br>
Baby's Alphabet,<br>
Baseball Brothers,<br>
Basketball Buddies, <br>
Baxter Bear’s Bad Day, <br>
Birthday Parties for Children, <br>
Blue Sun Ben,<br>
Cannonball Chris, <br>
Christmas Cats,<br>
Cinderella, <br>
City Sounds,<br>
Close Your Eyes, <br>
Daniel in the Lions' Den,<br>
David and Goliath,<br>
Do You Know New?, <br>
Do You Love Me, Harvey Burns?, <br>
Doll House Adventure,<br>
Doll House Christmas, <br>
Fathers & Babies, <br>
Fathers & Toddlers, <br>
Football Friends, <br>
Getting Your Period,<br>
Halfway Down Paddy Lane,<br>
Halloween Cats, <br>
Happy Birthday, Martin Luther King,<br>
Help Me Learnn Addition, <br>
Help Me Learn Numbers 0-20,
Help Me learn Subtraction<br>
Helping Hands Handbook,<br>
Hockey Hero, <br>
Home Sweet Home, <br>
How Kids Grow, <br>
I Am a Leaf, <br>
I Am a Rock, <br>
I Am a Star,<br>
I Am an Apple, <br>
I Am Fire, <br>
I Am Planet Earth,<br>
I Am Snow, <br>
I Am Water, <br>
I Love You: A Rebus Poem,<br>
I See a Star: A Christmas Rebus Story,<br>
I Spy A Balloon,<br>
I Spy A Butterfly, <br>
I Spy A Candy Cane,<br>
I Spy a Dinosaur's Eye,<br>
I Spy a Penguin,<br>
I Spy A Pumpkin,<br>
I Spy A Scary Monster, <br>
I Spy A School Bus,<br>
I Spy A Skeleton,<br>
I Spy A to Z,<br>
I SPY an Egg in a Nest, <br>
I Spy Christmas, <br>
I Spy Extreme Challenger,<br>
I Spy Fantasy, <br>
I Spy Fun House, <br>
I Spy Funny Teeth,<br>
I Spy Gold Challenger,<br>
I Spy I Like to Read, <br>
I Spy I Love You,<br>
I Spy Lightning in the Sky,<br>
I Spy Little Animals, <br>
I Spy Little Book, <br>
I Spy Little Bunnies, <br>
I Spy Little Christmas,<br>
I Spy Little Hearts,<br>
I Spy Little Letters, <br>
I Spy Little Numbers,<br>
I Spy Little Toys, <br>
I Spy Merry Christmas, <br>
I Spy Little Wheels, <br>
I Spy Mystery, <br>
I Spy Phonics Fun, <br>
I Spy Santa Claus, <br>
I Spy School Days, <br>
I Spy Spectacular, <br>
I Spy Spooky Night, <br>
I Spy Sticker Book and Picture Riddles, <br>
I Spy Super Challenger, <br>
I Spy Thanksgiving, <br>
I Spy Treasure Hunt, <br>
I Spy Ultimate Challenger!, <br>
I Spy Year-Round Challenger!,<br>
I Spy: A Book of Picture Riddles,<br>
I’m A Seed, <br>
I’m Tyrannosaurus!, <br>
I'm a Caterpillar, <br>
In 1492, <br>
In 1776, <br>
Jed and the Space Bandits, <br>
Jed’s Junior Space Patrol, <br>
Jonah and the Whale (and the Worm),<br>
Learning through Play, <br>
Let's Go, Pegasus!, <br>
Little Bear, You're A Star!,<br>
Mama Mama, <br>
Miriam and Her Brother Moses,<br>
My First Book of Biographies, <br>
Once Upon a Springtime,<br>
Pandora's Box, <br>
Papa Bear’s Party, <br>
Papa Papa, <br>
Pierre the Penguin, <br>
Pizza Pie Slugger,<br>
Pretend You’re a Cat, <br>
Red Ribbon Rosie, <br>
Red Sun Girl, <br>
Robin of Bray,<br>
Ruth and Naomi, <br>
Ruthie’s Rude Friends, <br>
Shanna's Animal Riddles,<br>
Shanna's Ballerina Show, <br>
Shanna's Bear Hunt,<br>
Shanna's Doctor Show, <br>
Shanna's Hip, Hop, Hooray!,<br>
Shanna's Lost Shoe,<br>
Shanna's Party Surprise,<br>
Shanna's Pizza Parlor,<br>
Shanna's Princess Show, <br>
Shanna's Teacher Show, <br>
Slam Dunk Saturday, <br>
Snow Angel, <br>
Soccer Cousins, <br>
Soccer Sam, <br>
Sun Song, <br>
Superkids,<br>
Supertot, <br>
Ten Cats Have Hats,<br>
Ten Little Christmas Presents,<br>
Ten Little Eggs,<br>
Thanksgiving Cats, <br>
The Baby Unicorn, <br>
The Little Plant Doctor, <br>
The New Kindergarten, <br>
The Rebus Treasury, <br>
The Silver Bear, <br>
The Teddy Bear Book, <br>
Think! Draw! Write!,<br>
Three Little Kittens, <br>
Uproar on Holler Cat Hill,<br>
Valentine Cats, <br>
Your Maternity Leave: How to Leave Work, Have a Baby, and Go Back to Work Without Getting Lost, Trapped, or Sandbagged Along the Way
References.
Gale Cengage Learning: Contemporary Authors, volume(s) 81-84, 264
Contemporary Authors Autobiographical Essay, volume(s) 264
Contemporary Authors New Revision Series, volume(s) 15, 90
Major Authors and Illustrators for Children and Young Adults, edition(s) 2
Something About the Author, volume(s) 29, 77, 130
Something About the Author Autobiography Series, volume(s) 15
http://www.harpercollins.com/search/index.aspx?kw=Jean%20Marzollo <br>
http://www2.scholastic.com/browse/search?query=Jean+Marzollo
https://partners.nytimes.com/pages/books/bestseller/index.html

</doc>
<doc id="20420161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420161" title="Sparassidaceae">
Sparassidaceae

The Sparassidaceae are a family of fungi in the order Polyporales.

</doc>
<doc id="20420171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420171" title="Tubulicrinis">
Tubulicrinis

Tubulicrinis is a genus of crust fungi in the monogeneric family Tubulicrinaceae. The genus was circumscribed by Dutch mycologist Marinus Anton Donk in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="20420174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420174" title="Xenasmataceae">
Xenasmataceae

The Xenasmataceae are a family of corticioid fungi in the order Polyporales. The family was circumscribed in 1966 by German mycologist Franz Oberwinkler.

</doc>
<doc id="20420180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420180" title="Dark Horse Tour">
Dark Horse Tour

The "Dark Horse" Tour was a worldwide concert tour by Canadian rock band Nickelback. It was their first world tour since the conclusion of their massive All The Right Reasons Tour, ending on September 2, 2007 in Kansas City, MO. The tour was in support of their new album "Dark Horse". Dates were announced on November 26, 2008. Seether and Saving Abel are the opening acts on the tour. On the second half of the North American tour, Hinder, Papa Roach, and Saving Abel were in support. Black Stone Cherry were the support act for the European tour of the UK in May 2009.
During the tour, Ryan Peake sang for a cover of "Use Somebody" by Kings of Leon during an encore. During the UK leg of the tour, they sang a cover of Highway to Hell by AC/DC with Chris Robertson of Black Stone Cherry on vocals, just before the T-Shirt cannons. A similar format was applied during the rest of the tour, however they sang a cover of Hey Man, Nice Shot by Filter with Shaun Morgan of Seether on vocals. In some of the early shows, "This Afternoon" was played instead of "If Today Was Your Last Day". The rock band Sick Puppies supported Nickelback in Australia. On the 2010 European leg of the tour, it was confirmed that Daughtry would support Nickelback on all of the Europe dates. They have also announced more dates for the spring of 2010 that takes place in select venues in Canada and the United States. Breaking Benjamin, Shinedown, and Sick Puppies have been confirmed to be the opening. They also announced a tour that would take place in the Fall of 2010 with Three Days Grace and Buckcherry as supporting acts.
According to the Billboard Magazine, Nickelback played in front of 1,046,973 people on the 2009 section of the tour. In the same section, Nickelback grossed $49,908,542 from the tour. By July 2010, a total of more than 1.6 million tickets had been sold.

</doc>
<doc id="20420202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420202" title="Portland Manor">
Portland Manor

Portland Manor, also known as the Benjamin C. Neff House, is a historic home at Lothian, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It is a 2-story, center-passage plan, frame building. The main block was constructed in 1754, with the two wings added and enlarged about 1852. Also on the property are the remains of a large circular ice house and several frame outbuildings.
Portland Manor was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
The Portland Manor timber frame manor house is sited on a fenced 3.8-acre portion of an original 2000-acre parcel granted to Jerome White Esq. by the 2nd Lord Baltimore in 1687. Although subdivided numerous times since then, the 3.8-acre remnant remains surrounded on three sides by unspoiled farmland and has been carefully maintained and restored over a fifteen-year period, beginning in 1997, by an owner/architect. In 2001, Portland Manor was recipient of the Anne Arundel County Orlando Ridout Prize for historic preservation.
Living spaces on the first floor include a 19’ x 22’ living room, a 14’x 19’ dining room, a sitting room, an office/library, a powder room, and a large country kitchen . The second floor, accessed by the original central staircase and two secondary stairs, includes four large bedrooms, three full baths and a laundry/storage room (equipped with a front-loading washer and dryer and an upright freezer). A large L-shaped porch off the kitchen on the east side overlooks a fence-enclosed perennial and herb garden and pond; a screened porch on the west side is oriented to views of rolling farmland and dramatic sunsets. There is a partial basement measuring approximately 19’ x 22’. 
The grounds include a variety of mature trees, a boxwood garden and two outbuildings; a 10’ x 20’ smokehouse, currently used as a garden shop, and a 20’ x 30’ barn that has been completely restored for use as a workshop/pottery studio and for yard equipment storage. Future archeological investigations may confirm suspected locations for an icehouse and various outbuildings and may add to the various artifacts found by the current owners that are included in an historic display at the second floor hallway.
In 1997, a dendrochronology study concluded that the original construction of Portland Manor occurred in 1754.

</doc>
<doc id="20420210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420210" title="Gerrit Mannoury">
Gerrit Mannoury

Gerrit Mannoury (1867–1956) was a Dutch philosopher and mathematician, professor at the University of Amsterdam and communist, known as the central figure in the signific circle, a Dutch counterpart of the Vienna circle.
Biography.
Gerrit Mannoury was born on 17 May 1867 in Wormerveer, and died on 30 January 1956 in Amsterdam. On 8 August 1907 he married Elizabeth Maria Berkelbach van der Sprenkel, with whom he had three daughters and a son, Jan Mannoury. His father Gerrit Mannoury, a sea-captain, had died in China when he was three years old. He attended the Hoogere Burger School (HBS) in Amsterdam, where he graduated in 1885. The same year he received a Teacher's Degree in Accounting and in Mechanics. In 1902 he also received a Teacher's Degree in Mathematics. Mannoury was a self-educated mathematician. Because he was a teacher he couldn't attend lessons at the University of Amsterdam. He did receive privat lessons from Diederik Korteweg. He was awarded a PhD in Mathematics late in life, in 1946, with L.E.J. Brouwer as his promotores. He died in Amsterdam.
Mannoury started working in primary education in Amsterdam, Bloemendaal and Helmond. In 1910 he started teaching at the Hoogere Burger School (HBS) at Vlissingen. In 1902 he had been appointed Privatdozent at the University of Amsterdam and in 1917 he was made professor there. He retired in 1937). He lectured on the philosophy of mathematics, and on mechanics, analytics and descriptive and projective geometry.
Mannoury was, with Diederik Korteweg, one of the most important teachers of Luitzen Egbertus Jan Brouwer at Amsterdam University, Mannoury especially philosophically. The first appearance of the names "formalism" and "intuitionism" in Brouwer's writings, were in a review of Gerrit Mannoury's book "Methodologisches und Philosophisches zur Elementar-Mathematik" (Methodological and philosophical remarks on elementary mathematics) from 1909. Two other Dutch scientists he inspired were philosopher and logician Evert W. Beth and psychologist Adriaan de Groot.
Work.
Mannoury's main inspirations were G. W. F. Hegel, G.J.P.J. Bolland and F. H. Bradley. He was also inspired by the work of Friedrich Nietzsche, Baruch Spinoza, the French mathematician philosopher of science Henri Poincaré and the English positivism of Bertrand Russell. Mannoury combined a logical-mathematical way of thinking with a deep insight into the human soul.
Publications.
Mannoury was a prolific and polymathic writer who published books, articles, reviews, and pamphlets. 

</doc>
<doc id="20420212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420212" title="Lowell Police Department">
Lowell Police Department

The Lowell Police Department (LPD) has the primary responsibility for law enforcement and investigation for a population of about 107,000 in the city of Lowell, Massachusetts. Lowell is the fourth largest city in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and is county seat of Middlesex County, Massachusetts. William Taylor is the current superintendent, replacing Kenneth Lavallee after his retirement.
History.
Like other urban American police forces, the Lowell Police Department was founded in the nineteenth century in response to rapid urbanization and industrialization. This brought an influx of immigrants in search of employment, increasing the city's population dramatically.
In the late 1990s, Edward F. Davis implemented innovative "community policing" strategies, which reduced Lowell's crime rate faster than any other American city with over 100,000 residents. In 2006, he left Lowell to become the commissioner of the Boston Police Department. Kenneth Lavallee succeeded him, continuing the community policing approach and reaching out to community and youth groups. 
In 2013, Deborah Friedl, although appointed temporarily, became the first woman chosen as police superintendent in the department's history.
Community policing philosophy.
The Lowell Police Department serves its community in the following ways:
Mission statement.
To work with the community to reduce crime, the fear of crime, and improve the quality of life in the city of Lowell.
Training academy.
The Lowell Police Department's Training Academy has been in operation since 1996 and have schooled over 350 men and women from 48 cities and towns about the ins and outs of police work. The LPD Academy consists 50 classes over the course of 22 weeks of training (880 hours). It is held in conjunction with the Cambridge and Lawrence Police Department. In 2010, the LPD moved its Training Division from the CrossPoint Towers to the Early Garage downtown.
Operations.
The Lowell Police Department is made up of 175 Police Officers, 30 Sergeants, 13 Lieutenants, 9 Captains, 2 Deputy Superintendent, and a Superintendent (or Chief). Making a total of 230 sworn officers.
Geographic responsibility.
Through a strategic planning process known as Geographic Responsibility, as well as input from the people of Lowell, it was determined that Crime and Disorder could be most effectively fought with the presence of a constant officer in neighborhoods. This method also seemed to be the most logical thing for supervision and accountability of each officer. There was frustration experienced by both officers and residents regarding the ability of officers to investigate neighborhood crimes. It was determined that officers who have the knowledge of a specific area and a relationship with the residents were to be assigned there, where they could best police the area. With this assignment method it is hoped that officers and residents will become more readily acquainted and will be more helpful to each other. Geographic assignment, the final phase of the Reorganization of the LPD, commenced on 17 January 1999. The city has been divided into three sectors which is each commanded by a Captain who has overall responsibility for the administration, neighborhood problems and concerns, as well as the success of his/her sector.
Patrol shift times.
Platoon 1
Platoon 2
Platoon 3
Sectors and precincts.
East Sector
Commanded by: Lieutenant James Hodgdon
West Sector
Commanded by: Captain James McPadden
North Sector
Commanded by: Lieutenant Daniel Laroque
K9 Unit.
The Lowell Police Department currently has three K9 teams: Sgt. Steven Gendreau and his Bloodhound named Hope, Officer Brian Kinney and his German Shepard named Bruno, and Officer Todd Donaldson and his German Shepard named Falco. These K9's perform vital functions for the LPD such as: tracking, searching, and apprehension of criminal suspects, searching for missing persons and children, assisting patrol officers with the detection of various types of illegal drugs or contraband in vehicles, luggage, or packages, assisting other officers in crowd control, responding to assist police departments from area communities when they are in need of a K9, as well as many other functions.
Line of duty deaths.
Since its inception, the Lowell Police Department has lost four police officers in the line of duty. In 1978, Officer Christos Rouses, was shot and killed while responding to a silent alarm at a local pharmacy. In 1980, there was a memorial depicting an officer with his hand on the right shoulder of a young child placed in his honor directly in front of Department headquarters at JFK Plaza. The memorial, which sits in the center of a fountain has the names of:

</doc>
<doc id="20420214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420214" title="Reanimation (disambiguation)">
Reanimation (disambiguation)

Reanimation is an album by Linkin Park.
Reanimation may also refer to:
In medical reanimation:

</doc>
<doc id="20420236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420236" title="Semantic warehousing">
Semantic warehousing

In data management, semantic warehousing is a methodology of digitalized text data using similar functions to Data warehousing (DW), such as ETL(Extract, transform, load), ODS(Operational data store), and MODEL. Key value operation is less useful for the digitalized text. Semantic warehousing is different from DW in that semantic information base from text(semantic) data.
Semantic warehousing is different from search engine in that semantic information base from text data is stored in the database.(DBMS)
Though data is most important word in computing era, it can not explain human knowledge well yet.
Data(numeric data) is key element of computing systems for certain organization (especially companies, enterprises), but no performance oriented organization needs something to gather and use knowledge or human feeling.
Semantic warehousing will be equally or more important than data warehousing in the future.
Definition.
Semantic warehousing is a conceptual and functional term meaning to gather from a source, semantically defining and providing information from digitalized text based knowledge data.
Background.
Data warehousing (DW) is popular these days. Gathering data from systems that generate transactions, data warehouses become a base of information. Key of data warehouse is a model (called datamart) and that model is made up of dimensions(key) and measures(value). Users get information from the models by doing certain operations. Online analytical processing (OLAP) is most the important operation for the users to get information from the DW models. Handling dimensions with pivoting, drilling, slice & dice operations users get numeric values like sales amounts, growth rates, etc.
Various areas of this world defined and appeared on the world wide web(Internet), eager to present their contents in a semantic way. 
Briefly speaking semantic warehousing has datawarehousing boby and search head and ontology features.
Data warehousing contributed to companies' business values and lots of solutions and tools are commercially successful. Analysis of internal data delivers a certain level of business values, on the contrary to this Semantic warehousing environment has not yet matured. Capacity of social data is increasing rapidly and various efforts of finding value from that data are made widely known as Big data, etc. Semantic warehousing can be main stream of treat data and intelligence of social world in the future though it is defined with other keywords.
Practices.
Some hospital implement semantic warehousing for clinical information (SWCI). Medical information is now knowledge network level. UMLS define semantic knowledge network of medical language. Currently medical information stored in database and not fully used for clinic. Semantic warehousing is next stage of digitalized medical information.
SWCI is a name of conceptual system of clinical information.
Named by Juhan Kim (SNUH, Seoul National University Hospital) and Bohyon Hwang, YongChan Keum on 2008.
Defined architecture on SWCI ;
1. Semantic-oriented cleansing
2. Semantic-oriented meta management
3. Clinical(Medical) knowledge basement
4. Semantic-oriented user intelligence
Connected area.
- Semantic web 
- Ontology 
- Knowledge 
- Medical and healthcare : EMR (Electronic Medical Record), EHR (Electronic Health Record)
- Data warehouse 
- AI (artificial intelligence)
References.
http://www.e-hir.org/journal/view.html?uid=201&start=&sort=&scale=&key=all&oper=&key_word=UMLS&year1=&year2=&Vol=&Num=&PG=&book=&mod=vol&sflag=&sub_box=Y&aut_box=Y&sos_box=&pub_box=Y&key_box=&abs_box=&year=
http://www.e-hir.org/journal/view.html?uid=226&start=&sort=&scale=&key=all&oper=&key_word=UMLS&year1=&year2=&Vol=&Num=&PG=&book=&mod=vol&sflag=&sub_box=Y&aut_box=Y&sos_box=&pub_box=Y&key_box=&abs_box=&year=
http://www.e-hir.org/journal/view.html?uid=311&start=&sort=&scale=&key=all&oper=&key_word=UMLS&year1=&year2=&Vol=&Num=&PG=&book=&mod=vol&sflag=&sub_box=Y&aut_box=Y&sos_box=&pub_box=Y&key_box=&abs_box=&year=
http://www.e-hir.org/journal/view.html?uid=922&start=&sort=&scale=&key=all&oper=&key_word=UMLS&year1=&year2=&Vol=&Num=&PG=&book=&mod=vol&sflag=&sub_box=Y&aut_box=Y&sos_box=&pub_box=Y&key_box=&abs_box=&year=

</doc>
<doc id="20420243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420243" title="Scott Aaronson">
Scott Aaronson

Scott Joel Aaronson (born May 21, 1981) is a theoretical computer scientist and faculty member in the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science department at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Education.
He obtained his BSc in computer science from Cornell University in 2000, and his PhD at the University of California, Berkeley in 2004, under the supervision of Umesh Vazirani.
Career.
After postdoctorates at the Institute for Advanced Study and the University of Waterloo, he took a faculty position at MIT in 2007.
His primary area of research is quantum computing and computational complexity theory more generally.
Popular work.
He is a founder of the "Complexity Zoo" wiki, which catalogs all classes of computational complexity. He is the author of the much-read blog "Shtetl-Optimized" as well as the essay "Who Can Name The Bigger Number?". The latter work, widely distributed in academic computer science, uses the concept of Busy Beaver Numbers as described by Tibor Radó to illustrate the limits of computability in a pedagogic environment. He has also taught a graduate-level survey course called Quantum Computing Since Democritus, for which the notes are available online and which has been published as a book by Cambridge University Press. It weaves together seemingly disparate topics into a cohesive whole, including quantum mechanics, complexity, free will, time travel, the anthropic principle and many others. Many of these interdisciplinary applications of computational complexity were later fleshed out in his article "Why Philosophers Should Care About Computational Complexity". An article of Aaronson's, "The Limits of Quantum Computers", was published in "Scientific American", and he was a guest speaker at the 2007 Foundational Questions in Science Institute conference. Aaronson is frequently cited in non-academic press, such as "Science News," "The Age," ZDNet, "Slashdot," "New Scientist," "The New York Times," and "Forbes Magazine."
Intellectual property.
Aaronson was the subject of media attention in October 2007, when he accused an advertising agency of plagiarizing a lecture he wrote on quantum mechanics in an advertisement of theirs. He alleged that a commercial for Ricoh Australia by Sydney-based agency Love Communications appropriated content almost verbatim from the lecture. Aaronson received an apologetic email from the agency in which
they claimed to have sought legal advice and did not believe that they were in violation of his copyright. Unsatisfied, Aaronson pursued the matter, and the agency settled the dispute without admitting wrongdoing by making a charitable contribution to two science organizations of his choice.

</doc>
<doc id="20420246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420246" title="Seal Bay">
Seal Bay

Seal Bay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20420255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420255" title="HD Supply">
HD Supply

HD Supply is one of the industrial distributors in North America. The company provides a broad range of products and value-add services to approximately 500,000 professional customers in maintenance, repair and operations, infrastructure and power and specialty construction sectors. On June 27, 2013, HD Supply Holdings, Inc., the indirect parent of HD Supply, Inc., announced that it had priced an initial public offering of 53,191,489 shares of common stock at $18.00 per share. The shares began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on June 27, 2013 under the ticker symbol HDS. The Company continues to be majority owned by private equity firms Bain Capital, The Carlyle Group and Clayton, Dubilier & Rice.

</doc>
<doc id="20420265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420265" title="Richland (Harwood, Maryland)">
Richland (Harwood, Maryland)

Richland, also known as Thanksgiving Farm Winery, is a historic home at Harwood, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. It is a -story, frame, hip-roofed dwelling of approximately . It was constructed in 1893, for gentleman farmer Robert Murray Cheston (1849–1904) and his wife, the former Mary Murray (1859–1943). It is the only known late-19th-century rural Anne Arundel County dwelling definitively associated with a specific architectural firm. The plans were prepared by the Roanoke, Virginia based architectural firm of Noland and de Saussure, founded by William C. Noland. The home reflects both the Colonial Revival and Queen Anne architecture styles. The Heimbuch family purchased the property in 1996 from the Talliaferro family and began planting vineyards at Thanksgiving Farm in 1998.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20420274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420274" title="Basement apartment">
Basement apartment

A basement apartment is an apartment located below street level, underneath another structure—usually an apartment building, but possibly a house or a business. Rent in basement apartments is usually much lower than it is in above-ground units, due to a number of deficiencies common to basement apartments. The apartments are usually cramped, and tend to be noisy, both from uninsulated building noises and from traffic on the adjacent street. They are also particularly vulnerable to burglary, especially those with windows at sidewalk level. In some instances, residential use of below-ground space is illegal, but is done anyway in order for the building owner to generate extra income.
A number of noted artistic achievements have occurred in basement apartments occupied by struggling authors, painters, and musicians.
Andy Warhol made one of his earliest films, "Mrs. Warhol" (black-and-white, 66 minutes), in the basement apartment of his house, where his mother (Julia Warhola) lived.
Ruth McKenney based a series of stories in "The New Yorker", later republished in the book "My Sister Eileen", on her experiences living with her sister in a moldy, one-room basement apartment above the Christopher Street subway station at 14 Gay Street in Greenwich Village for which she paid $45 a month. The apartment was burgled within the first week during the six months they lived there.
Homeowners will typically rent out basement apartments to tenants as a way to earn additional income so as to offset living expenses. Owning a home with a basement apartment can be an investment. Tenants will provide income to the home owner, reducing expenses, and equity will grow as the value of the property increases.
Basement apartments were the subject of Canadian singer-songwriter Sarah Harmer's hit single "Basement Apartment" in 2000.
In Canada.
In general terms, basement apartments are apartments in the basement of residential houses, with the owner's living space on the upper floors, though there are many examples of basement apartments in older cities as part of older row-house-type buildings and even in older smaller apartment buildings. Even when the house is built on a hill and the basement back door opens onto a back yard, as is the case in some houses and even town houses, they are still referred to as the "basement" if rented, or if the main living spaces of the family are on the upper floors. Modern basement apartments can be quite spacious and large, especially in the case of some of the larger houses built in the suburbs.
Health risks to basement suite tenants.
Some health risks to people who live in basements have been noted, for example mold, radon, and risk of injury/death due to fire. It has been suggested that a basement suite is the last type of dwelling a tenant should look for because of the risk of mold. However, due to demand for affordable housing, basement suites are often the only available housing for some low-income families and individuals, for example in Calgary, Canada.
Mold.
Airborne spores can cause mold to grow in damp and unventilated areas, such as basements. Presence of mold can lead to "respiratory symptoms, respiratory infections, allergic rhinitis and 
asthma", as well as personal belongings being contaminated by mold.
Radon.
Radon is an odourless gas that has been shown to increase risk of lung cancer. In Canada, radon is more common east of the Rocky Mountains, but the level of Radon found in homes can vary widely. Radon levels can be about twice as much in basements as on the main floor of a house. However, home owners are not required to test their homes for Radon gas in Canada.
Fire.
Basement suite tenants are more likely to be injured or die due to a fire in the house. However, many landlords do not follow fire code regulations, and often such regulations are not enforced by governments.

</doc>
<doc id="20420293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420293" title="Real Aranjuez CF">
Real Aranjuez CF

Real Aranjuez Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football team based in Aranjuez, in the autonomous community of Madrid. Founded in 1948 it plays in Tercera División – Group 7, holding home matches at "Estadio El Deleite", with a capacity of 8,000 seats.
History.
Aranjuez spent the vast majority of its years in the fourth division, with a four-year stint in the third level (1992–93, 1994–97). 
From 2005–07 it suffered consecutive relegations, which left the club in "Primera Aficionados" (sixth division). Aranjuez immediately gained promotion again, finishing with more points than any of the other group champions.

</doc>
<doc id="20420295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420295" title="Pat Murphy (baseball)">
Pat Murphy (baseball)

Patrick J. Murphy (born January 2, 1857 in Auburn, Massachusetts – May 16, 1927 in Worcester, Massachusetts), was a Major League Baseball player who played catcher from -. He would play for the New York Giants.

</doc>
<doc id="20420322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420322" title="Rosehill (Gambrills, Maryland)">
Rosehill (Gambrills, Maryland)

Rosehill is a historic home and property at Gambrills, Anne Arundel County, Maryland. The property consists of of partially wooded and cleared land on which are located a dwelling and six outbuildings. The dwelling displays a complex construction evolution originating from a mid-18th-century frame, -story double-pile plan house with an unusual short side passage. This is believed to be the first documented example of this form in the Chesapeake Bay region. The six outbuildings include an early-19th-century frame corn house, a documented 1821 frame tobacco barn, a log outbuilding, a late-19th-century stable, and a late-19th- or early-20th-century pumphouse. The Hopkins family owned the property for 173 years, from 1799 until 1972.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20420332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420332" title="Bill Merritt (baseball)">
Bill Merritt (baseball)

William Henry Merritt (born July 30, 1870 in Lowell, Massachusetts – November 17, 1937 in Lowell, Massachusetts), was a Major League Baseball player who played catcher from -. He would play for the Boston Beaneaters, Chicago Colts, Louisville Colonels, Pittsburgh Pirates, and Cincinnati Reds.

</doc>
<doc id="20420353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420353" title="Coquitlam (disambiguation)">
Coquitlam (disambiguation)

Coquitlam, meaning "people stinking of fish slime" or "a small red salmon"in the Hun'qum'i'num language, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20420368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420368" title="Jonathan Temple">
Jonathan Temple

Jonathan Temple (August 14, 1796 – May 31, 1866) came to Los Angeles in 1828 and became a large landowner, cattle rancher and one of the area's wealthiest citizens.
Biography.
Jonathan (also known as Don Juan) Temple was born in Reading, Massachusetts, to Jonathan Temple and Lucinda Pratt. From at least 1823, Temple lived as a mechant in Hawaii then, in 1827, migrated to San Diego in Alta California, where he was baptized a Roman Catholic. The following year, Temple moved to the Pueblo de Los Angeles, where he opened the pueblo's first store, a business he operated for almost thirty years. His younger brother. Francisco P. Temple. joined him there later.
Jonathan Temple married Rafaela Cota (1812–1887) in 1830, and they had one daughter, Francisca Temple (1831–1893). In 1836, Temple hosted at his Los Angeles pueblo home, the first vigilance committee to form in California. The committee later executed two lovers accused of the murder of the woman's husband, thereby committing the first lynching in California.
Rancho Los Cerritos.
In 1843, he purchased Rancho Los Cerritos from his wife's relatives, the Cota family. His 1844 adobe survives as part of the Los Cerritos Ranch House National Historic Landmark site. Both Temple and his ranch house played roles in the Mexican-American War. Temple created a thriving cattle ranch and prospered, becoming, after Abel Stearns, the wealthiest man in Los Angeles County. 
During the 1840s, Temple was active in ship-bound trade throughout the coasts of California and Mexico and owned extensive lands between Acapulco and Mazatlán. In 1856, by providing, through his son-in-law, Gregorio de Ajuria (1819–1861), the funds to finance a revolution toppling Mexico's government, he became the lessor of the Mexican national mint, a concession held by him and his daughter until 1893, when the mint was nationalized by Porfirio Díaz.
Post-statehood.
Temple was also one of Los Angeles’ first developers, constructing such landmarks as the original Temple Block and the Market House, which later served as city and county administrative headquarters, contained the county courthouse, and featured the first true theater in southern California. He also served as the first alcalde (or mayor) of Los Angeles after capture of the pueblo by the United States during the Mexican-American War and served on the first American-period common (city) council. In 1849, after Los Angeles was ordered by California's military governor to conduct a survey, but couldn't pay for the work, Temple paid for the Ord Survey out of his own funds, and then was repaid by the sale of lots created in the survey. Temple Street (Los Angeles) was developed by him as a modest one-block dirt lane in the 1850s.
The ill-fated timing of his construction projects in late 1850s Los Angeles, which was in an economic downturn, was exacerbated by a flood in 1861-62 and drought from 1862-65 that almost destroyed the cattle industry, then the backbone of the local economy.
San Francisco.
Temple moved to San Francisco. Jonathan Temple lived his last years in San Francisco where he died in 1866, two months after selling Rancho Los Cerritos to Flint, Bixby & Co for $20,000, or less than a dollar an acre, during a prolonged depressed real estate market.
Rafaela Cota de Temple moved to Paris to join her widowed daughter (Gregorio de Ajuria having died insane in Paris in 1861), and died there in the 1887.
External links.
A library card may be required to access these links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20420369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420369" title="Mert Hackett">
Mert Hackett

Mortimer Martin "Mert" Hackett (November 11, 1859 – February 22, 1938), was an American Major League Baseball player from Cambridge, Massachusetts, who played mainly as a catcher from 1883 to 1887 for three different team; the Boston Beaneaters, Kansas City Cowboys, and Indianapolis Hoosiers. His brother, Walter Hackett, and cousins John Clarkson, Walter Clarkson, and Dad Clarkson as well as Tim Keefe and Joe Kelley (all born in Cambridge, Mass.) also played in the majors.
Hackett died in his hometown of Cambridge at the age of 78, and is interred at St. Paul Cemetery. His brother, Walter, named one of his sons Mortimer Martin Hackett after him.. 

</doc>
<doc id="20420396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420396" title="One-class classification">
One-class classification

One-class classification, also known as unary classification, tries to "identify" objects of a specific class amongst all objects, by learning from a training set containing only the objects of that class. This is different from and more difficult than the traditional classification problem, which tries to "distinguish between" two or more classes with the training set containing objects from all the classes. An example is the classification of the operational status of a nuclear plant as 'normal': In this scenario, there are (fortunately) few or no examples of catastrophic system states, only the statistics of normal operation are known. The term One-class classification was coined by Moya & Hush (1996) and many applications can be found in scientific literature, for example outlier detection, anomaly detection, novelty detection.

</doc>
<doc id="20420406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420406" title="Bill Hague">
Bill Hague

William L. Hague (1852 – November 21, 1898), born as "William L. Haug", was an American Major League Baseball player who played as a third baseman from 1875 to 1879, for three teams: the St. Louis Brown Stockings of the National Association, the Louisville Grays and the Providence Grays, both of the National League. 

</doc>
<doc id="20420418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420418" title="Mary's Mount">
Mary's Mount

Mary's Mount is a historic home at Harwood, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. The earliest portion of Mary's Mount was built in 1771 for Col. Richard Harwood as a 1 1/2-story gambrel roof structure. The Bird family was to take possession of this property from 1820 to 1965. Jacob Wheeler Bird enlarged the house to its present two-story height in the early 19th century. The enlargements included two northern additions, each section of which is lower than its neighbor to the south, creating a "telescope" effect.
Mary's Mount was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20420424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420424" title="Felix McBrearty">
Felix McBrearty

Felix McBrearty (born 4 May 1963) is a Northern Irish darts player who played in the Professional Darts Corporation.
Career.
McBrearty began playing in PDC ranked event in 2004, playing mainly in Irish tournaments. McBrearty caused a major surprise by winning the Ireland Open Autumn Classic, beating Tony Ayres, Kevin McDine, Colin Osborne, Michael van Gerwen, Andy Hamilton and Colin Lloyd before defeating Chris Mason in the final to win the £5,000 top prize. His win earned him a place in the 2008 World Grand Prix where he lost in the first round to Wayne Mardle.
McBrearty continued his good form by reaching the quarter finals of the 2008 Killarney Pro Tour where he lost to the eventual winner Terry Jenkins. His performances earned him a spot in the 2009 PDC World Darts Championship and the 2009 Players Championship Finals. At the World Championship, Barrie Bates beat McBrearty 3-0, while at the Players Championship Finals, he lost 6-2 to world number six Mervyn King.

</doc>
<doc id="20420437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420437" title="Olympic Village (Montreal)">
Olympic Village (Montreal)

The Olympic Village is a twin-tower structure in Montreal, Quebec, Canada built as the athletes' residence for the 1976 Summer Olympics. It was built by René Lépine, Chairman of Groupe Lépine, and his associates through the company Zarolega Inc. The Olympic Village is situated on the northeast corner of Sherbrooke Street East and Viau Street in Rosemont–La Petite-Patrie.
All the athletes were housed there, except those participating in equestrian sports and sailing, who were housed in residences set up in Bromont, Quebec and Kingston, Ontario.
In 1998, Metcap Living Inc. bought the buildings from the Régie des Installations Olympiques for $64.5 million.
In 2004, El-Ad Group bought the buildings from Metcap Living Inc.
In 2012, El-Ad Group expressed their interest to sell the buildings.
On August 6, 2012, it was reported that El-Ad had sold the buildings to CAPREIT for $177.5 million.

</doc>
<doc id="20420454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420454" title="William Brown (baseball)">
William Brown (baseball)

William M. Brown (1866 in San Francisco, California – December 20, 1897 in San Francisco, California), nicknamed "Big Bill", was a Major League Baseball player who played infielder from -. He played for the New York Giants, New York Giants (PL), Philadelphia Phillies, Baltimore Orioles, and Louisville Colonels. 
In 1895, Brown developed a problem with his lungs. He travelled to Hawaii, southern California, and Arizona in an effort to find a climate that would be more beneficial for his health, but his efforts were unsuccessful, and he died as a result of his condition at home in San Francisco in 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="20420457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420457" title="Elmer Driedger">
Elmer Driedger

Elmer A. Driedger, QC, BA, LL.B, LL.D (1913–1985) was a Canadian lawyer and a leading authority on statutory interpretation. He worked for the Canadian Department of Justice for over a quarter century, rising to Deputy Minister and later became a professor of law at the University of Ottawa.
Early life.
Elmer A. Driedger was born in Osler, Saskatchewan, 14 January 1913 to a Mennonite family and grew up speaking German as well as English. He attended elementary school in Osler and high school in Rosthern.
Current Influence.
His principle of statutory interpretation is the Supreme Court of Canada's preferred approach. The principle, which was originally laid out in his 1974 book, "The Construction of Statutes", was quoted verbatim in the court's decision in "Rizzo & Rizzo Shoes Ltd.": 
"The Construction of Statutes" became an influential text in Canadian legal circles. A second edition was published in 1983 under the title "Driedger on the Construction of Statutes". Following Driedger's death, Ruth Sullivan, a law professor at the University of Ottawa, continued to edit updated editions. A third edition was published in 1994, a fourth edition in 2002, and a fifth edition in 2008. Sullivan has become so closely associated with the updated edition of the book that it has since been retitled, "Sullivan on the Construction of Statutes."
Family.
Driedger was married to Elsie Driedger. and had two sons, Elmer and Thomas.
Awards.
He was a recipient of an honorary doctorate from the University of Ottawa in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="20420493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420493" title="Anthony Claggett">
Anthony Claggett

Anthony Paul Claggett (born July 15, 1984, in Hemet, California) is an American Major League Baseball pitcher who is currently with the St. Paul Saints.
Amateur career.
Claggett attended the University of California, Riverside, where he played college baseball for the Highlanders from 2003–2005.
Professional career.
Detroit Tigers.
Claggett was originally selected by the Detroit Tigers in the 11th round of the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft. The New York Yankees acquired him from Detroit, along with right-handed pitchers Humberto Sánchez and Kevin Whelan, in exchange for outfielder Gary Sheffield on November 10, 2006.
New York Yankees.
The New York Yankees acquired him from Detroit, along with right-handed pitchers Humberto Sánchez and Kevin Whelan, in exchange for outfielder Gary Sheffield on November 10, 2006. He spent the majority of the 2008 season with Double-A Trenton, going 4-2 with nine saves and a 2.15 ERA in 29 relief appearances for the Eastern League champions. He began the year on the disabled list with a left hamstring strain, then made one appearance at Single-A Tampa (3.0 IP, 1 ER) before being transferred to Trenton. All but five of his outings in 2008 were more than 1.0 inning. Claggett was added to the Yankees' 40-man roster following the season to protect him from the Rule 5 draft. Claggett began the season with the Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees. He was called up to the majors on April 18, 2009, making his major league debut that day where he gave up eight runs in 1 innings and finished with an ERA of 43.20. He was then sent back to Scranton/Wilkes-Barre. Claggett was called up on August 5, 2009, replacing Cody Ransom. He was optioned back to Triple-A on August 7 to make room for infielder Ramiro Peña. On September 14, he was designated for assignment. On September 24, he was claimed by the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
On September 24, 2009, Claggett was claimed by the Pittsburgh Pirates. On January 21, 2010, Claggett was designated for assignment by the Pittsburgh Pirates to make room on the roster for Octavio Dotel. After the 2011 season Claggett was granted free agency.
Independent Leagues.
Claggett signed with the Somerset Patriots of the Atlantic League on March 28, 2012. On June 5, 2012, he was released. In June 2012, he signed with the St. Paul Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="20420496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420496" title="Scoops Carey (baseball)">
Scoops Carey (baseball)

George C. "Scoops" Carey (December 4, 1870 – December 17, 1916) was a Major League Baseball first baseman for four seasons between 1895 and 1903. He played for the Baltimore Orioles, Louisville Colonels, and Washington Senators. His best season came in 1902, when he finished with 35 doubles, 11 triples and a league-leading fielding percentage. After his MLB career, Carey played in the minor leagues and managed there for one season. After his baseball days, he lived in East Liverpool, Ohio, where he died at the age of 46.
Biography.
Carey was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He attended West Virginia University and started his professional baseball career in 1892. He came into prominence that year playing first base for the Altoona Mountaineers in the Pennsylvania State League. He soon earned a reputation as a good-fielding first baseman. After a few years in the minors, he made his major league debut with the Orioles in 1895, replacing future Hall of Famer Dan Brouthers. Carey led all National League first basemen in fielding percentage, and Baltimore won the pennant. He set his major league career highs in home runs (with 1) and runs batted in (75). However, Carey's OPS+ was just 62, and the following April he was sold to the Eastern League's Syracuse Stars. 
He was a popular player in Syracuse and was the only player to ever hit the ball over the center field fence at the old Star Park. A Syracuse sports writer later described Carey's shot as follows: "He gave the ball such a terrific smash one day that it went over the center field fence like a scared projectile from a ten-inch gun. Had it not been for the attraction of gravitation it would never have come to earth again." In 1897, Carey had a good year in the Atlantic League, batting .354 to finish fourth in the circuit. He got another shot in the majors in 1898 with Louisville. In eight games, he hit just .188 and was sent down to the minors again. In 1901, he rebounded with a .316 batting average to earn his final shot in Major League Baseball, this time with the American League's Senators.
Carey played one and a half seasons with Washington. 1902 was the best season of his career. He hit .314 with 35 doubles and 11 triples and achieved an OPS+ of 117. For the second time, he led a major league in fielding percentage for first basemen. Carey started 1903 in the Washington starting lineup again; however, he struggled at the plate and played his final major league game on July 6. Carey is the only player in MLB history to lead two different leagues in fielding percentage in a two-season career. For the next eight years, Carey bounced around the minor leagues. He never batted .300 again. In 1910, he managed the Class D Jonesboro Zebras and then retired the following season.
After his baseball career ended, Carey became a painter and lived in East Liverpool, Ohio. He was converted by the evangelist Billy Sunday. He died at the age of 46 from mitral stenosis and mitral regurgitation, which one newspaper described as "leakage of the heart."

</doc>
<doc id="20420500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420500" title="Asher Lopatin">
Asher Lopatin

Asher Lopatin (b. September 1, 1964) is an American rabbi. He is the President of Yeshivat Chovevei Torah Rabbinical School, the leading modern and open Orthodox rabbinical school in America located in Riverdale in New York City. Previously, he was the spiritual leader of Anshe Sholom B'nai Israel Congregation in Chicago, and is widely known for his commitment to fostering and promoting an inclusive view of Orthodoxy.
Biographical Information.
Rabbi Lopatin is a graduate of the Maimonides School, and received a B.A. in International Relations and Islamic Studies from Boston University. In 1989, he was awarded a Master of Philosophy from the University of Oxford in Medieval Arabic Thought. He has also done doctoral work at Oxford in Islamic Fundamentalist Attitudes Toward Jews, authoring a chapter on Muslim/Jewish relations titled "The Uncircumcised Jewish Heart (in Islamic and Qur'anic Thought)." Lopatin's list of academic honors is significant: he won a Rhodes Scholarship, was a Wexner Fellow, a Truman Scholar, and a Boston University Trustee Scholar. He is a member of Phi Beta Kappa. He received rabbinic ordination from both Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary of Yeshiva University in New York City in 1996 and Rabbi Aharon Soloveichik. Lopatin also received honorary smicha from Yeshivat Chovevei Torah in 2002.
Rabbi Lopatin was the spiritual leader of Anshe Sholom B'nai Israel, a Modern Orthodox synagogue in Chicago's Lakeview neighborhood. Since he assumed this position in 1995, the congregation has grown from only 90 members into a community of over 400. During his tenure at Anshe Sholom, Lopatin has been instrumental in establishing the infrastructure necessary for a thriving Orthodox community. His leadership has resulted in the creation of the Adam R. Straus Memorial Mikvah (attached to ASBI), the erecting of the Lakeview Eruv, and the opening of a kosher restaurant. Together with his wife Rachel, Rabbi Lopatin was a founder of the multi-denominational Chicago Jewish Day School.
Among Rabbi Lopatin's congregants at Anshe Sholom is Rahm Emanuel, Mayor of Chicago, former White House Chief of Staff under President Barack Obama, and former member of the United States House of Representatives. When asked, Rabbi Lopatin would not comment on Emanuel's politics, but did note: "I wish all our congregants were as loyal to the synagogue and as engaged as he is."
In 2006, Rabbi Lopatin garnered much public attention during the political battle over the Chicago City Council ban on the sale of "foie gras." Lopatin was widely quoted supporting the ban on the grounds that Torah prohibits cruelty to animals, stating: "Chopped liver is good, but foie gras is bad."
In 2009, Lopatin announced plans to lead a proposed group of 200 families making aliyah to settle in the Negev. The plan was pushed back to the summer of 2012 (before being postponed indefinitely) due to a serious illness in the Lopatin family.
In February 2012, Rabbi Lopatin made news by participating in an Indonesia Interfaith Middle East Peace Tour. Five rabbis, four members of the Christian clergy, and three American Muslim clerics traveled through Indonesia (meeting with 12 Indonesian Muslim clergymen), Dubai, Jerusalem, Ramallah, and Washington, D.C. Lopatin extensively documented the journey through blog posts on the website, Morethodoxy.
On August 30, 2012, Yeshivat Chovevei Torah Rabbinical School (YCT) officially announced that Rabbi Lopatin would succeed Rav Avi Weiss, current President and Founder, as President of the organization. Under Weiss' leadership, YCT has existed and grown on the liberal edge of Orthodoxy. In spite of having maintained positions on issues that have put him at odds with more conservative elements of Orthodoxy in the past, Lopatin has set a clear agenda for the beginning of his work at YCT: "I want to make sure Chovevei Torah is an integral part of the Orthodox world. I do think there's a perception that Chovevei is left, for liberal Orthodoxy. I want to start with getting the word out that we're open to right and left." At the same time, Lopatin maintains, "I'm very pluralistic in the sense that I want the Torah message and the Jewish message to get out beyond the walls of the Orthodox synagogue and beyond those who call themselves Orthodox."
Affiliations.
Rabbinical Council of America; member (Orthodox)
Chicago Board of Rabbis; Vice President (multi-denominational)
International Rabbinic Fellowship; Board Member (Orthodox)
Chicago Jewish Day School; Board of Trustees, "Ex Officio" ("halachic, inclusive")
Honors.
Yeshivas Brisk Alumni of the Year, 1996
American Jewish Congress Young Leadership Award, 1998
Maimonides School Pillar of Maimonides Award, 2000
Associated Talmud Torahs of Chicago Keter Torah Award, 2001
Yeshivat Chovevei Torah Honorary Smicha, 2002
Newsweek Top 25 Pulpit Rabbis (#22), 2008
Newsweek America's 25 Most Vibrant Congregations (Anshe Sholom B'nai Israel), 2009
Newsweek Top 50 Rabbis (#21), 2011
Newsweek Top 50 Rabbis (#24), 2012
Ideological positions.
Lopatin is noted for feeling that the denominational lines separating Jews are less important than the commitments shared by Orthodox, Conservative, Reform and non-aligned Jews.
"I am a pluralist: We need to learn from all Jews, and connect and relate to all Jews – Reform, Conservative, Renewal ; I believe it is critical for Judaism that we engage with the greater society as well... While there is a lot to critique in the Orthodox world – Modern, Centrist and Chareidi – all of us sometimes take a strident attitude that may not exhibit sufficient respect and love for our fellow Jews and their motivations. All of us can make an effort to try to make our first response be one of embracing all of Orthodoxy – all Jews of course, and all human beings – and being open to learning – sometimes with a critical, but respectful ear – from our fellow Orthodox Jews."

</doc>
<doc id="20420532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420532" title="Zaza Harvey">
Zaza Harvey

Ervin King "Zaza" Harvey (January 5, 1879 in Saratoga, California – June 3, 1954 in Santa Monica, California), was a Major League Baseball player who played outfielder from 1900 to 1902. He played for the Chicago Orphans, Chicago White Sox, and Cleveland Bronchos.

</doc>
<doc id="20420546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420546" title="Fort Nassau (South River)">
Fort Nassau (South River)

Fort Nassau was a "factorij" in New Netherland between 1626-1651 located at the mouth of Big Timber Creek at its confluence with the Delaware River. It was the first known permanent European-built structure in what would become the state of New Jersey. The creek name is a derived from the Dutch language "Timmer Kill" as recorded by David Pietersen de Vries in his memoirs of his journey of 1630–1633. The Delaware Valley and its bay was called the "South River" (Dutch: "Zuyd Rivier"); the "North River" of the colony was the Hudson. The factorij built for trade, mostly in beaver pelts, with the indigenous population of Susquehannock and Lenape, and to retain a physical claim to the territory. While generally described as being at today's Gloucester City, New Jersey analysis places it on the peninsula in the cove, now Brooklawn or possibly on the south side of the creek's cove, at today's Westville 
Initially the fort was occupied intermittently, and on occasion use by the seasonally migrational local population. In 1635, colonists from Virginia Colony occupied the fort. The governor of New Netherland at the time, Wouter van Twiller, sent a force to re-take it. Successful in the action, prisoners were returned to the south. This was the first of conflicts between the English and Dutch in the New World.
While thereafter continuously manned, the location was disadvantageous since the richest fur-trapping area was on the west side of the river.
From 1638-1655 the Delaware Valley was part of New Sweden, which had been established by Peter Minuit, who had been Director of New Netherland, and was responsible for the famous purchase of the island of Manhattan. In 1651, Petrus Stuyvesant, Director-General of New Netherland, had the structure partially dismantled relocating it armaments and other equipment to a position on the other side of the river, in part to menace the Swedish and re-assert jurisdiction of the region, calling it Fort Casimir.
On Trinity Sunday in 1654, Johan Risingh, Commissary and Councilor to New Sweden Governor Lt. Col. Johan Printz, officially assumed his duties and attempted to expel the Dutch from the Delaware Valley. Fort Casimir surrendered and was renamed Fort Trinity (in Swedish "Fort Trefaldighet"). The Swedes were now in complete possession of their colony. On June 21, 1654, the Indians met with the Swedes to reaffirm their ownership.
Peter Stuyvesant led a Dutch force which retook the fort on September 11, 1655, renaming it New Amstel (in Dutch "Nieuw Amstel"). Subsequently, Fort Christina also fell on September 15 and all New Sweden came under the control of the Dutch. John Paul Jacquet was immediately appointed Governor, making New Amstel the capital of the Dutch-controlled colony.

</doc>
<doc id="20420548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420548" title="Kawarau Gorge">
Kawarau Gorge

The Kawarau Gorge is a major river gorge, located in Central Otago, in the South Island of New Zealand. The Kawarau River flows through the gorge, which is located between the towns of Queenstown and Cromwell, and part of the route of State Highway 6 also follows the gorge. 
The gorge begins some 30 kilometres from Queenstown, close to the wine-growing community of Gibbston and the large rock outcrop known as the Nevis Bluff. It continues for some 25 kilometres before the river emerges into the upper valley of the Clutha River close to the settlement of Ripponvale. The Roaring Meg hydro scheme and Goldfields Mining Centre are in the gorge.
The gorge is noted for its natural beauty, and is also the site of several extreme sports, notably bungy jumping at the Kawarau Gorge Suspension Bridge, and white-water sports such as kayaking and riverboarding.
A 2004 accident resulted in two hundred litres of hydrochlorite acid spilling into the gorge, the acid cleaned the highway but caused no environmental damage. Three New Zealand Army soldiers died when their Unimog fell 100 m down the gorge into the river, during a training exercise in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20420555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420555" title="Florizel von Reuter">
Florizel von Reuter

Florizel von Reuter (21 January 1890 - 10 May 1985) was an American-born violinist and composer, a child prodigy who went on to an adult career, mainly in Germany, as distinguished soloist and teacher of violin. He was also a psychic and medium and the author of several books on his mediumistic communications with deceased musicians, and other works.
Early life.
Born Florizel Reuter at Davenport, Iowa, U.S., he was the son of Jacob and Grace Reuter. His father was a musician and minor composer. Florizel had his first violin lessons with his mother. He showed extraordinary talent at a very young age, and went to London to study in 1899. He was taught by Max Bendix, Emile Sauret (who had also taught his father Jacob), Caesar Thompson and Henri Marteau. In 1901 he graduated from the Geneva Conservatory, where there was a debate as to whether he should be allowed to graduate (presumably owing to his age). Several teachers refused to graduate any other pupils unless he was approved, and so the matter was settled.
His first professional concert was at La Chaux-de-Fonds in Switzerland in 1900. After giving 30 concerts in that country he began to tour in America, where he was introduced as a protégé of Joseph Joachim's. However, much of his early career was spent performing and teaching in Europe.
Young adulthood.
The name ""von" Reuter" was adopted in connection with his European career, as a significator of German aristocracy. In c 1916–1917 he became Director of the Zurich Music Academy. He retained his U.S. citizenship despite spending much of the following two decades in Europe. He published a useful introduction to the study and analysis of solo violin music, "Führer durch die solo-Violinmusik, eine Skizze ihrer Entstehung und Entwicklung mit kritischer Betrachtung ihrer Hauptwerke" (M. Hesse, 1926).
Psychic messages.
During the 1920s his mother, Grace Reuter, developed apparent psychic powers by receiving supposed spirit messages through automatic writing. Florizel became closely involved with this and acted as a medium and as recorder of the findings, which were first described in "The Psychic Experiences of a Musician (in Search of Truth)" (1928) — with a foreword by writer Arthur Conan Doyle — and in its sequel "The Consoling Angel" (1930). These in particular described conversations with famous deceased musicians. His first important claimed contacts were Paganini and Pablo de Sarasate, and also the late Professor Heinrich Barth of Berlin. Messages were delivered through a type of planchette called an "Additor", used originally by his mother, and many of them were spelled out backwards.
He contributed an essay on "Nature Spirits" to the 1928 revised edition of Arthur Conan Doyle's "The Coming of the Fairies", p. 156–157, and was associated with Baron von Schrenck-Notzing in a series of experiments with the Schneider brothers.
Other messages followed claiming to be from Tartini, Locatelli, K. Lipinski, Pierre Baillot, Charles de Beriot, Henri Vieuxtemps, Joseph Joachim (who was also supposed to have sent etheric messages to his relatives Jelly d'Aranyi and Adila Fachiri), Hérold, Lalo, Max Reger, Rimsky-Korsakov and Eduard Grieg. While rehearsing particularly difficult Paganini études Florizel found he was compelled to adopt entirely new fingerings as if guided by an external intelligence. His philosophical exchanges with the spirits are described in his book "A Musician's Talks with Unseen Friends" (London, Rider 1931).
Performance, teaching and recordings.
From 1931 to 1933 he was professor of violin at the Vienna Music Academy. Through the 1930s he maintained a teaching and performance career, mainly in Germany and principally at Munich. He made various solo recordings for Polydor Records, and also chamber ensemble works (in 1935–1936) with Elly Ney, Max Strub (violin), Walter Trampler (viola), Ludwig Hoelscher (cello), (the second manifestation of the Strub String Quartet) and under the direction of Willem van Hoogstraten, husband of Elly Ney. (Ney, Hoelscher and Strub had formed the Elly Ney Trio in 1932.) It was in this period, at Munich, that he taught the young Walter Barylli, whom (aged 15) he invited into his own home as a resident guest so that he could afford to receive violin instruction. Von Reuter also composed more than 50 original works of music, including scores, tone poems, and four operas.
Later career.
Von Reuter remained in Germany during the War and until the late 1940s, when he returned to the U.S. He settled in Waukesha, Wisconsin and became Concertmaster of the Waukesha Symphony Orchestra, still teaching into the early 1980s. During the 1970s and 1980s he gave many "farewell performances."
He also continued writing books into later life, notably "Great People I have Met" (Freeman Printing, 1961); "The Twilight of the Gods (Hitler's Berlin; a novel, by one who was there" (Cultural Press, 1962); "Maiden Worlds Unconquered, eleven fiction tales of love through the ages" (Cultural Press, 1967) and a work on the Life of Jesus Christ, "The Master from Afar: A Flight into the Past as it Might have Been" (London, Psychic Press 1973).
Von Reuter died in his sleep on May 10, 1985.
Documents.
Letters by Florizel von Reuter in the State Archives in Leipzig, company archives of the Music Publishing House C.F.Peters (Leipzig).

</doc>
<doc id="20420557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420557" title="Wendell Eads">
Wendell Eads

Wendell W. Eads (June 10, 1923 - June 5, 1997) was an American Thoroughbred horse racing jockey. In the early 1940s he was a contract jockey with the prestigious Calumet Farm. Small, even by jockey standards, Eads weighed just 102 pounds and as a result could not control Calumet's extremely high strung but talented colt, Whirlaway. The problem cost Eads the chance to make history aboard Whirlaway who won the 1941 United States Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing.
During his career, Wendell Eads won a number of important races including the Blue Grass Stakes and the Pimlico Special. As well, he competed in two of the American Classic Races. He was aboard Sun Again for a third-place finish in the 1942 Preakness Stakes and rode Dove Pie to a seventh-place finish in the 1943 Kentucky Derby
Following his retirement from racing, Wendell Eads made his home in Oakland, Illinois where he was living at the time of his death in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20420562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420562" title="Elmer Foster">
Elmer Foster

Elmer Ellsworth Foster (born August 15, 1861 in Minneapolis, Minnesota – July 22, 1946 in Deephaven, Minnesota), was a Major League Baseball player who played outfielder from -. He would play for the Chicago Colts, New York Metropolitans, and New York Giants.

</doc>
<doc id="20420566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420566" title="Lucius Caesennius Paetus">
Lucius Caesennius Paetus

Lucius Junius Caesennius Paetus (c. 20 - 72?) was a Roman aristocrat, member of the Caesennian "gens" and the Junian "gens", who lived in the second half of the 1st century during the Roman Empire. He was Consul Ordinarius for the year 61, and enjoyed several high provincial commands in the East.
He was the son of Publius Caesennius Paetus, born c. 5 BC, a Tarquinian Etruscan Italian, and wife; paternal grandson of Caesennius, born c. 40 BC, and wife; and great-grandson of Lucius Caesennius Lento and wife.
Paetus served as a Roman Politician and General during the reigns of Roman Emperors Nero (54-68) and Vespasian (69-79). He served as a Consul Ordinarius in 61. After his consulship and in the same year, perhaps in June, Paetus was appointed Governor and Legatus Augusti pro praetore of Cappadocia. During his governorship, the General Gnaeus Domitius Corbulo was conducting Rome’s war with Parthia over Armenia. In successive campaigns, Corbulo had established Roman rule over the country, and Paetus was placed in charge of defending it from Parthian counterstrokes.
Paetus despised Corbulo’s talent as a General. In 62 however, Paetus, at the head of the legions XII "Fulminata" and IV "Scythica" suffered a catastrophic defeat at the Battle of Rhandeia against the Parthian and Armenian forces of King Tiridates I of Armenia. Paetus and his legions were forced to surrender, were shamed by passing under the yoke and were allowed to retreat from Armenia. After his defeat, Paetus' weak character and his incapability to command were revealed, and his military command was entrusted again to Corbulo.
In 72 Paetus, then Governor of Syria since 70 had sent letters addressed to Vespasian accusing Greek King Antiochus IV of the client Kingdom of Commagene, together with his sons Gaius Julius Archelaus Antiochus Epiphanes and Callinicus, of planning to revolt against Rome and allying themselves with the King of Parthia. It is not known whether if these accusations were true or false. After reading the letters, Vespasian felt that he could no longer trust the family of Antiochus IV with the protection of the strategic crossings of the Euphrates River at Samosata. Vespasian thus resolved to directly annex Commagene.
Paetus invaded the Kingdom of Commagene as head of the "Legio" VI "Ferrata". The client Kings Aristobulus of Chalcis and Sohaemus of Emesa also supplied troops to Paetus. The two armies encountered each other, and lay encamped opposite each other. No battle occurred however, as the Commagenians were loath to confront the Roman army. Antiochus Epiphanes, his family and Callinicus fled to Parthia, while their father Antiochus IV fled to Cilicia. There is however a possibility that Epiphanes and Callinicus made a short-lived attempt to resist invasion before fleeing to Parthia.
Antiochus IV and his family had never considered causing a war with Rome and they wanted to rebut these accusations. Antiochus Epiphanes with his family and Callinicus were brought back to Rome with a Roman honour guard, and lived out their lives in Rome. 
He married Flavia, born c. 30, daughter of Titus Flavius Sabinus and wife Arrecina Clementina and paternal niece of Vespasian, and had a son Lucius Junius Caesennius Paetus.

</doc>
<doc id="20420606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420606" title="Mike Slattery (baseball)">
Mike Slattery (baseball)

Michael J. Slattery (November 26, 1866 – October 16, 1904) was a professional baseball player. He played all or part of five seasons in Major League Baseball between 1884 and 1891 for the Boston Reds (UA), New York Giants (PL), Cincinnati Reds, Washington Statesmen, and the New York Giants, primarily as an outfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="20420609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420609" title="Gordon Price">
Gordon Price

Gordon Price is a Canadian urban planner and a former politician. Price was an NPA member of Vancouver City Council, serving six terms from 1986 to 2002. He was the first openly gay member of Vancouver City Council. Since retiring from politics, Price writes, teaches and consults on urban development and planning issues.
Price first became prominent when he organized a campaign involving citizen street patrols against street prostitution in his West End Vancouver neighbourhood. As a politician, he also served on the Board of the Greater Vancouver Regional District (Metro Vancouver) and the board of TransLink.
After retiring from politics, Price became a writer and public lecturer on urban renewal and transportation planning issues. He writes a column for the magazine Business in Vancouver. He is currently director of the CITY Program, a continuing education program in urban planning and sustainable community development at Simon Fraser University. In 2009, he was appointed by the Mayor of Vancouver to the city's "Greenest City Action Team".

</doc>
<doc id="20420630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420630" title="Edgar Smith (outfielder)">
Edgar Smith (outfielder)

Albert Edgar Smith (born October 15, 1860 in North Haven, Connecticut - "unknown"), was a Major League Baseball player who played outfielder in . He played 30 games for the Boston Beaneaters.

</doc>
<doc id="20420655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420655" title="Andrew Videto">
Andrew Videto

Andrew Videto (also known as Toggsy) is the Australian creator of "TheWebShow", an online show about people from around the world sharing their stories in chasing dreams. The show is self made from arranging interviews, filming, editing and uploading online. Some of the people featured so far include Olivia Newtown John, Little Steven Van Zandt, James Woods, Rosario Dawson, Wade Robson, Roy Jones Jr, Joanna Krupa, and Bill Paxton.
Toggsy is a former radio DJ for Sea Fm on the Gold Coast and Triple M in Sydney with Andrew Denton. He was the street reporter and worked creatively on both shows. Later hosting Red Eye Radio on the Australian regional network.

</doc>
<doc id="20420662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420662" title="Rickenbacker 4001">
Rickenbacker 4001

The Rickenbacker 4001 is a bass guitar that was manufactured by Rickenbacker as a "deluxe model" of the 4000 between 1961 and 1981 before being replaced by an updated version, the Rickenbacker 4003. There are several models of the 4001, such as: The 4001, 4001S, 4001LH, 1999 (European model), 4001V63 (reissue), and the newer 4001C64S C Series recreation in honor to Paul McCartney´s left-handed 4001s bass with reversed headstock.
Construction.
The Rickenbacker 4001 was designed with the "crested-wave" body shape, much like the other basses of the 4000 series. The 4001 model features a neck-through construction, a full-wood body, fretboard with metal strings (originally flat-wound, though many players replaced them with round-wounds), twin truss rods, triangle inlays, two pickups, two volume and two tone dials, selector switch, and wiring for Rick-O-Sound (standard in models post-1971). Rickenbacker also produce six-string and 12 string guitars and short-scale bass, the 3000 model.
The 4001S (and 1999) model varies in its use of dot inlays, and unbound neck construction. The Rickenbacker 4003, which replaced the 4001, differs mainly in the truss rod system; other features being quite similar to its forebearer.

</doc>
<doc id="20420772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420772" title="Girl Next Door (Girl Next Door album)">
Girl Next Door (Girl Next Door album)

Girl Next Door is the first album from Girl Next Door released on December 24, 2008. It was released in two versions, a Normal Edition and an Album+DVD version. Both versions had a first press which included a slipcase and one of two photobooks. For the first time in the world of music, all the songs included in this album are tie-up to the media such as drama series, television shows, or commercials.
The album is certified Platinum by RIAJ for shipment of 250,000 copies .

</doc>
<doc id="20420804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420804" title="Bill Davis (darts player)">
Bill Davis (darts player)

Bill Davis (born 6 March 1959) is a American darts player who played for the British Darts Organisation and The Professional Darts Corporation.
Career.
Davis made his televised debut in the States, taking part in the World Series of Darts in 2006, losing in the first round to Denis Ovens in a tight game. Davis qualified for the Las Vegas Desert Classic the same year, but lost in round one to Terry Jenkins.
Davis then qualified for the 2007 PDC World Darts Championship where he was beaten by Andy Jenkins in the first round. He followed this with a third round showing in the 2007 US Open, losing to Kevin Painter. Davis then reached the last 16 of the PDPA Players Championship in Las Vegas, but failed to qualify for the Desert Classic.
Davis reached the semi final of the North American Darts Championship on the eve of the 2008 US Open, losing to eventual winner Darin Young. He then reached the last 16 of the US Open, defeating Tony Eccles before losing to surprise package David Fatum who went on to reach the semi finals. He also qualified for the 2008 Desert Classic through the US Order of Merit, losing in the first round to Mark Walsh.
Davis finished second in the American Order of Merit which earned him a spot in the 2009 PDC World Darts Championship. He defeated reigning champion John Part in the first round by three sets to nil. He then lost in the second round to Welshman Barrie Bates.

</doc>
<doc id="20420858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420858" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Albemarle County, Virginia">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Albemarle County, Virginia

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Albemarle County, Virginia. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="20420875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420875" title="Love You More (film)">
Love You More (film)

Love You More is a short drama directed by Sam Taylor-Wood, written by Patrick Marber and produced by Anthony Minghella, which was screened in Main Competition for the Palme d'Or at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival. The film includes two songs by Buzzcocks and features a cameo appearance by the band's lead singer Pete Shelley as a customer at a record store.

</doc>
<doc id="20420894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420894" title="Eugene Allen">
Eugene Allen

Eugene Allen (July 14, 1919 – March 31, 2010) was a waiter and butler who worked for the White House for 34 years until he retired as the head butler in 1986.
Allen's life was the inspiration for the 2013 film "The Butler".
Life.
Allen was born in Scottsville, Virginia. He worked as a waiter for many years, in "whites-only resorts and country clubs", including Homestead resort in Hot Springs, Virginia, and a club in Washington.
He started in the White House in 1952 as a "pantry man", a job which involved basic tasks such as dish washing, stocking and cleaning silverware. Over the years Allen rose in his position, becoming the butler to the president.
Allen was particularly affected by the death of President Kennedy in 1963. According to his son, "My father came home late on the day that President Kennedy had been shot. But then he got up and put his coat back on. He said, 'I've got to go back to work.' But in the hallway, he fell against the wall and started crying. That was the first time in my life I had ever seen my father cry." He was invited to the funeral, but chose to stay at work to prepare for the reception, because "Someone had to be at the White House to serve everyone after they came from the funeral."
Allen finally attained the most prestigious rank of butlers serving in the White House, Maître d'hôtel in 1981, during the presidency of Ronald Reagan. Reagan invited Allen and his wife Helene to a state dinner in honor of Helmut Kohl at the White House.
He retired in 1986. He and his wife had intended to vote for Barack Obama in 2008, but she died the day before the election, on Nov 3, 2008. Allen had been married to his wife, Helene, for 65 years. They met at a birthday party in Washington in 1942. The couple had one son, Charles Allen.
Eugene Allen died at the Washington Adventist Hospital in Takoma Park, Montgomery County, Maryland on March 31, 2010; his death was caused by renal failure.
Public reputation.
Allen came to public attention when a 2008 article about him and his wife, entitled "A Butler Well Served by This Election", was published in "The Washington Post" shortly after the 2008 presidential election. It placed Allen's life in the context of changing race relations and the personalities of the presidents he'd served. It ended with the story of how the couple intended to vote for Obama together but Helene died just before the election,
They talked about praying to help Barack Obama get to the White House. They’d go vote together. She’d lean on her cane with one hand, and on him with the other, while walking down to the precinct. And she’d get supper going afterward...On Monday Helene had a doctor’s appointment. Gene woke and nudged her once, then again. He shuffled around to her side of the bed. He nudged Helene again. He was all alone. “I woke up and my wife didn’t,” he said later.
The story had an immediate impact. Columbia Pictures bought the film rights to Allen's life story, and he was invited to the new president's inauguration, where he commented, "That's the man...Whew, I'm telling you, it's something to see. Seeing him standing there, it's been worth it all."
Allen and other workers who served presidents were featured in a 32-minute documentary, "Workers at the White House", directed by Marjorie Hunt and released on a 2009 DVD, "White House Workers: Traditions and Memories" by Smithsonian Folkways Recordings.
Allen's life was the inspiration for the 2013 film "The Butler". Danny Strong's screenplay was inspired by the 2008 "Washington Post" article. The film departs from the facts of Allen's life. The central character, "Cecil Gaines", is only loosely based on the real Allen. Conservative political commentator Ben Shapiro stated that departures from the facts of Allen's life slant the film's portrayal of history: "There is no question that the film itself is full of historical inaccuracies. "The Butler" has virtually nothing in common with its source material, the life of White House butler Gene Allen, except for the fact that the main character of the film and Allen were both black butlers in the White House."

</doc>
<doc id="20420897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420897" title="Gymnopilus luteoviridis">
Gymnopilus luteoviridis

Gymnopilus luteoviridis is a widely distributed mushroom of the Eastern United States that contains the hallucinogens psilocybin and psilocin.
Habitat and formation.
"Gymnopilus luteoviridis" is found growing gregarious to cespitose on oak stumps and hardwoods from August to November. It is widely distributed in eastern North America.
See also.
List of "Gymnopilus" species

</doc>
<doc id="20420916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420916" title="Franken Challenge">
Franken Challenge

The Franken Challenge (former Schickedanz Open) is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually in Fürth, Germany, since 1979 (as a club event from 1979 to 1985, as a Futures in 1986, as a Challenger since 1987).

</doc>
<doc id="20420920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420920" title="Carlo D'Este">
Carlo D'Este

Carlo D'Este (born 1938 in Oakland, California) is an American military historian and biographer, author of several books, especially on World War II. He is a retired U.S. Army Lieutenant Colonel.
Biography.
D'Este lists his three favorite military historians and influences as: Barbara Tuchman ("The Guns of August"), John Eisenhower ("The Bitter Woods: The Battle of the Bulge"), and Martin Blumenson (general George S. Patton’s official biographer).
A&E adapted his biography of George S. Patton to television for its Biography (TV series) (and, presumably, its Biography Channel) in 1995. In 1996, C-SPAN interviewed him about that book on its Booknotes program.
Decorations, awards and honors.
Awarded the Andrew J. Goodpaster Prize by the American Veterans Center, 2010.
Delivered the annual Kemper Lecture on Winston Churchill at Westminster, College, Fulton, Missouri, 2010.
In 2011, he received the $100,000 Pritzker Military Library Literature Award for Lifetime Achievement in Military Writing. The award includes an honorarium, citation and medallion, sponsored by the Chicago-based Tawani Foundation. As part of the award, he gave an interview at the Pritzker Military Library on October 21, 2011, reflecting on his writing career in the field of World War II scholarship.

</doc>
<doc id="20420986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20420986" title="Driedger">
Driedger

Driedger is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20421018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20421018" title="Henry Shaver Westbrook">
Henry Shaver Westbrook

Henry Shaver Westbrook (June 1842 – October 1913) was the eighth Mayor of Winnipeg in 1886. 
After moving to Winnipeg in the mid-1870s, he established a vehicle and equipment business with Frank Fairchild. He defeated E. R. Crowe to become Mayor of Winnipeg in December 1885.
In 1959, Winnipeg renamed Victoria Street to Westbrook Street in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="20421043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20421043" title="Eddy Sims">
Eddy Sims

Eddy Sims (born 2 December 1971 in Geelong) is an Australian darts player who plays for the British Darts Organisation. He is not a full-time professional and works as a Telecommunication Technical Officer.
Sims began playing in WDF ranked events in 2006, mainly playing in events based in his homeland. He reached the quarter finals of the Pacific Masters in 2006 and 2007 and followed it up by reaching the final of the 2007 Australian Masters where he lost to Simon Whitlock.
Sims made three ranked semi final appearances in 2008, in the Pacific Masters, Malaysian Open and the New Zealand Masters. He had earlier reached the semi finals of the Central Coast Australian Classic, an unranked event. Sims then won the 2008 Australian Masters, defeating Adam Bainbridge 8-1 in the final.
His good performances in 2008 earned Sims automatic qualification for the 2009 BDO World Darts Championship, entering as the number 16 seed. He was drawn with Welshman Robert Hughes in the first round and lost 3-2.

</doc>
<doc id="20421066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20421066" title="Integrated Administration and Control System">
Integrated Administration and Control System

Integrated Administration and Control System (IACS) makes it possible to develop direct and indirect (datawarehouse for animals, land, applicants, control and administration processes) system modules. It constitutes the basis for agricultural grants from the EU.
More info: The Integrated Administration and Control System [http://www.fao.org/docrep/009/a0464e/A0464E09.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="20421074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20421074" title="Tek It Or Leave It">
Tek It Or Leave It

Tek It Or Leave it is a Belizean game show modeled after "Deal or No Deal". The show was pre-recorded every Wednesday at 8:30 p.m. and it is aired the following Tuesday at 8:00 p.m. on Channel 5. It was first recorded on November 26, 2008 and first aired on December 2, 2008.
One lucky audience member is selected and has the chance to win up to 5,000 Belize dollars (US$2,500), although on some occasions, the grandprize would be 10,000 dollars, which was won once. On the season finale in February 2009, it was even raised to 15,000 dollars.
The show is hosted by Angela Gegg, a well known Belizean artist.

</doc>
<doc id="20421094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20421094" title="David Romer">
David Romer

David Romer (born March 13, 1958) is the Herman Royer Professor of Political Economy at the University of California, Berkeley, the author of a standard textbook in graduate macroeconomics as well as many influential economic papers, particularly in the area of New Keynesian economics. He is also the husband and close collaborator of Council of Economic Advisers former Chairwoman Christina Romer.
Education and early career.
After graduating from Amherst Regional High School in Amherst, Massachusetts in 1976, he obtained his bachelor's degree from Princeton University in 1980, graduating as the valedictorian of his class, and worked as a Junior Staff Economist at the Council of Economic Advisers during 1980-1981, before beginning his Ph.D. at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, which he completed in 1985. A reduced version of his undergraduate thesis research was published in the "Review of Economics and Statistics". Upon completion of his doctorate, he started working as an assistant professor at Princeton University. In 1988 he moved to University of California, Berkeley and was promoted to full professor in 1993.
Research.
Romer's early research made him one of the leaders of the New Keynesian economics.
In more recent work, Romer has worked with Christina Romer on fiscal and monetary policy from the 1950s to the present, using notes from the meetings of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) and the materials prepared by Fed staff to study how the Federal Reserve makes its decisions. His work suggests that some of the credit for the relatively stable economic growth in the 1950s should lie with good policy made by the Federal Reserve, and that the members of the FOMC could at times have made better decisions by relying more closely on forecasts made by the Fed professional staff.
Most recently, the Romers have focused on the impact of tax policy on government and general economic growth. This work looks at the historical record of US tax changes from 1945–2007, excluding "endogenous" tax changes made to fight recessions or offset the cost of new government spending. It finds that such "exogenous" tax increases, made for example to reduce inherited budget deficits, reduce economic growth (though by smaller amounts after 1980 than before). Romer and Romer also find "no support for the hypothesis that tax cuts restrain government spending; indeed ... tax cuts may increase spending. The results also indicate that the main effect of tax cuts on the government budget is to induce subsequent legislated tax increases."
He has also written papers on some unusual subjects for a macroeconomist, such as “Do Students Go to Class? Should They?”, and “Do Firms Maximize? Evidence from Professional Football.”
Career.
He is a member of the American Economic Association Executive Committee, the recipient of an Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Research Fellowship, a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and a three-time recipient of Berkeley's Graduate Economic Association's distinguished teaching and advising awards. Professor Romer is co-director of the Program in Monetary Economics at the National Bureau of Economic Research, and is a member of the NBER Business Cycle Dating Committee.
He is the author of "Advanced Macroeconomics," a standard graduate macroeconomics text, and he is an editor of the Brookings Papers on Economic Activity.
He is known at Berkeley for offering graduate students his "Chicken Soup for Economists," including such advice as "A model should be as simple as possible while still showing the effect we are interested in", "Cite others' work appropriately", "A good paper almost always contains a viewpoint, a lever, and hard work," and "If you find yourself thinking 'But that's how the game is played,' slap yourself. If that doesn't work, take up sheep farming." 
Family.
He is married to Christina Romer, who was his classmate at MIT and is his colleague in the Economics Department at University of California, Berkeley. They have adjoining offices in the department, and collaborate on much of their research. The couple have three children together.
He has a brother, Evan. Greg Mankiw served as best man at their wedding (Romer served as best man at Mankiw's wedding).

</doc>
<doc id="20421119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20421119" title="Margaret Renwick">
Margaret Renwick

Margaret Renwick (née Price)(February 1, 1923 – January 20, 2012) was a Canadian politician, who represented the riding of Scarborough Centre in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1967 to 1971. She was a member of the Ontario New Democratic Party.
She was married to Jim Renwick, the MPP for Riverdale from 1964 to 1984. Jim and Margaret Renwick were the first husband and wife ever to serve simultaneously in a Canadian provincial or federal legislature.
After leaving political office, Renwick moved to Streetsville, Ontario where she was active on the Streetsville NDP Riding Association. She moved back to Toronto in 2008 and died at the Trillium Health Centre.

</doc>
