<doc id="20213933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213933" title="We Can't Go Wrong (album)">
We Can't Go Wrong (album)

"We Can't Go Wrong" is the second album from the New York-based R&B–dance trio The Cover Girls. Although the album only made it to #108 on the "Billboard" album chart, by the end of 1990 it had been certified platinum and become the group's biggest-selling album. "We Can't Go Wrong" features songwriting and production by Albert Cabrera, Andy "Panda" Tripoli, David Cole, "Little" Louie Vega, Robert Clivilles, and Tony Moran.
After scoring moderate success with their gold-selling debut album "Show Me" in 1987, the group left independent label Fever Records, and signed with Capitol Records for this album, which was released in August 1989. This album contains the same mixture of fine Freestyle dance numbers and soaring R&B-styled ballads as their debut album. Besides the three hit singles released from this album ("My Heart Skips a Beat", "We Can't Go Wrong", and "All That Glitters Isn't Gold"), standout tracks include "Nothing Could Be Better", "That Boy of Mine" (which was also featured on their debut album "Show Me"), "No One in This World", and a cover version of the Carole King–Gerry Goffin classic "Up on the Roof".
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)
Singles - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="20213940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213940" title="Marbella Suns">
Marbella Suns

Marbella Suns is a defunct American football team that was based in Marbella, Andalusia (Spain).
History.
The team was established in 2006 as Manilva Suns, when they started playing in Manilva, moving the franchise later on to Marbella. Finnish player Juri Jurvanen was behind the foundation of the team, acting as president and head coach at the same time. Former Colorado player Zac Colvin helped out from the field as a quarterback to lead the team into major Spanish competition.
In 2009, the team ceased activity.

</doc>
<doc id="20213946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213946" title="List of people who were beheaded">
List of people who were beheaded

The following is a list of notable people who were beheaded, arranged alphabetically by country or region and with date of decapitation. Special sections on "Religious figures" and "Fictional characters" are also appended.
These individuals may have lost their heads either accidentally or intentionally (as a form of execution or posthumously).
France.
French Revolution.
Note: some estimates place the number of persons executed by the guillotine, particularly during the Reign of Terror, at 40,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20213962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213962" title="Quantum reference frame">
Quantum reference frame

A quantum reference frame is a reference frame which is treated quantum theoretically. It, like any reference frame, is a physical system which defines physical quantities, such as time, position, momentum, spin, and so on. Because it is treated within the formalism of quantum theory, it has some interesting properties which do not exist in a normal classical reference frame.
Reference frame in classical mechanics and inertial frame.
Consider a simple physics problem: a car is moving such that it covers a distance of 1 mile in every 2 minutes, what is its velocity in metres per second? With some conversion and calculation, one can come up with the answer "13.41m/s"; on the other hand, one can instead answer "0, relative to itself". The first answer is correct because it recognises a reference frame is implied implicitly in the problem. The second one, albeit pedantic, is also correct because it exploits the fact that there is not a particular reference frame specified by the problem. This simple problem illustrates the importance of a reference frame: a reference frame is quintessential in a clear description of a system, whether it is included implicitly or explicitly.
A reference frame is a physical system in which physical quantities are defined, such as position, momentum, spin, time, etc. Some obvious examples of reference frame are metre stick for distance and clock for time. While some standards are widely accepted and used like the metric and imperial system, there is no constraint on what physical system a reference frame has to be, so it is perfectly valid, though peculiar, to use Tom Cruise (who is 1.70m high) as a reference frame and to describe Katie Holmes as 1.029 Tom Cruise high. Regardless of what reference frame is used, it is always relational, not absolute, just as in this TomKat example.
When speaking of a car moving towards east, one is referring to a particular point on the surface of the Earth; moreover, as the Earth is rotating, the car is actually moving towards a changing direction, with respect to the Sun. In fact, this is the best one can do: describing a system in relation to some reference frame. Describing a system with respect to an absolute space does not make much sense because an absolute space, if it exists, is unobservable. Hence, it is impossible to describe the path of the car in the above example with respect to some absolute space. This notion of absolute space troubled a lot of physicists over the centuries, including Newton. Indeed, Newton was fully aware of this stated that all inertial frames are observationally equivalent to each other. Simply put, relative motions of a system of bodies do not depend on the inertial motion of the whole system.
An inertial reference frame (or inertial frame in short) is a frame in which all the physical laws hold. For instance, in a rotating reference frame, Newton's laws have to be modified because there is an extra Coriolis force (such frame is an example of non-inertial frame). Here, "rotating" means "rotating with respect to some inertial frame". Therefore, although it is true that a reference frame can always be chosen to be any physical system for convenience, any system has to be eventually described by an inertial frame, directly or indirectly. Finally, one may ask how an inertial frame can be found, and the answer lies in the Newton's laws, at least in Newtonian mechanics: the first law guarantees the existence of an inertial frame while the second and third law are used to examine whether a given reference frame is an inertial one or not.
It may appear an inertial frame can now be easily found given the Newton's laws as empirical tests are accessible. Quite the contrary; an absolutely inertial frame is not and will most likely never be known. Instead, inertial frame is approximated. As long as the error of the approximation is undetectable by measurements, the approximately inertial frame (or simply "effective frame") is reasonably close to an absolutely inertial frame. With the effective frame and assuming the physical laws are valid in such frame, descriptions of systems will ends up as good as if the absolutely inertial frame was used. As a digression, the effective frame Astronomers use is a system called "International Celestial Reference Frame" (ICRF), defined by 212 radio sources and with an accuracy of about formula_1 radians. However, it is likely that a better one will be needed when a more accurate approximation is required.
Reconsidering the problem at the very beginning, one can certainly find a flaw of ambiguity in it, but it is generally understood that a standard reference frame is implicitly used in the problem. In fact, when a reference frame is classical, whether or not including it in the physical description of a system is irrelevant. One will get the same prediction by treating the reference frame internally or externally.
To illustrate the point further, a simple system with a ball bouncing off a wall is used. In this system, the wall can be treated either as an external potential or as a dynamical system interacting with the ball. The former involves putting the external potential in the equations of motions of the ball while the latter treats the position of the wall as a dynamical degree of freedom. Both treatments provide the same prediction, and neither is particularly preferred over the other. However, as it will be discussed below, such freedom of choice cease to exist when the system is quantum mechanical.
Quantum reference frame.
A reference frame can be treated in the formalism of quantum theory, and, in this case, such is referred as a quantum reference frame. Despite different name and treatment, a quantum reference frame still share much of the notions with a reference frame in classical mechanics. It is still defined with the same definition. It is still always associated to some physical system. And it is still always relational.
For example, if a spin-1/2 particle is said to be in the state formula_2, reference frame is implicitly implied, and it can be understood to be some reference frame with respect to an apparatus in a lab. It is obvious that the description of the particle does not place it in an absolute space, and doing so would make no sense at all because, as mentioned above, absolute space is empirical unobservable. On the other hand, if a magnetic field along y-axis is said to be given, behaviour of the particle in such field can then be described. In this sense, y and z are just relative directions. They do not and need not have absolute meaning.
One can observe that a z direction used in a laboratory in Berlin is totally different from a z direction used in a laboratory in Melbourn. Issues like aligning and sharing reference frames arise when a communication between two laboratories are tried to be set up. It is absolutely correct, and the study of communications like this has been the main agenda in quantum information theory.
Just as in this spin-1/2 particle example, a quantum reference frames are almost always treated implicitly in the definition of quantum states, and the process of including the reference frame in a quantum state is called quantisation/internalisation of reference frame while the process of excluding the reference frame from a quantum state is called dequantisation/externalisation of reference frame. Unlike the classical case, in which treating a reference internally or externally is purely an aesthetic choice, internalising and externalising a reference frame does make a difference in quantum theory.
One final remark may be made on the existence of a quantum reference frame. After all, a reference frame, by definition, has a well-defined position and momentum, while quantum theory, namely uncertainty principle, states that one cannot describe any quantum system with well-defined position and momentum simultaneously, so it seems there is some contradiction between the two. It turns out, an effective frame, in this case a classical one, is used as a reference frame, just as in Newtonian mechanics a nearly inertial frame is used, and physical laws are assumed to be valid in this effective frame. In other words, whether motion in the chosen reference frame is inertial or not is irrelevant.
The following treatment of a hydrogen atom motivated by Aharanov and Kaufherr can shed light on the matter. Supposing a hydrogen atom is given in a well-defined state of motion, how can one describe the position of the electron? The answer is not to describe the electron's position relative to the same coordinates in which the atom is in motion, because doing so would violate uncertain principle, but to describe its position relative to the nucleus. As a result, more can be said about the general case from this: in general, it is permissible, even in quantum theory, to have a system with well-defined position in one reference frame and well-defined motion in some other reference frame.
Further considerations of quantum reference frame.
An example of treatment of reference frames in quantum theory.
Consider the a hydrogen atom. Coulomb potential depends on the distance between the proton and electron only:
With this symmetry, the problem is reduced to that of a particle in a central potential:
Using separation of variables, the solutions of the equation can be written into radial and angular parts:
where formula_6 formula_7, and formula_8 are the orbital angular momentum, magnetic, and energy quantum numbers, respectively.
Now consider the Schrödinger equation for the proton and the electron:
A change of variables to relational and centre-of-mass coordinates yields
where formula_11 is the total mass and formula_12 is the reduced mass. A final change to spherical coordinates followed by a separation of variables will yield the equation for formula_13 from above.
However, if the change of variables done early is now to be reversed, centre-of-mass needs to be put back into the equation for formula_13:
The importance of this result is that it shows the wavefunction for the compound system is entangled, contrary to one would normally think in a classical stand point. More importantly, it shows the energy of the hydrogen atom is not associated with the electron but also associated with the proton, and the corresponding states is not decomposable into states for electron and proton separately.
Superselection rules.
Superselection rules, in short, are postulated rules forbidding the preparation of quantum states that exhibit coherence between eigenstates of certain observables. It was originally introduced to impose additional restriction to quantum theory beyond those of selection rules. As an example, superselection rules for electric charges disallow the preparation of a coherent superposition of different charge eigenstates.
As it turns out, the lack of a reference frame is mathematically equivalent to superselection rules. This is a powerful statement because superselection rules have long been thought to have axiomatic nature, and now its fundamental stand and even its necessity are questioned. Nevertheless, it has been shown that it is, in principle, always possible though not always easy to lift all superselection rules on a quantum system.
Degradation.
During a measurement, whenever the relations between the system and the reference frame used is inquired, there is inevitably a disturbance to both of them, which is known as so-called measurement back reaction. As this process is repeated over time during a measurement, it negatively affects the accuracy of the measurement outcomes, and the gradual reduction of the usability of a reference frame is referred as the degradation. A way to gauge the degradation of a reference frame is to quantify the longevity, namely, the number of measurements that can be made against the reference frame until certain error tolerance is exceed.
For example, for a spin-formula_21 system, the maximum number of measurements that can be made before the error tolerance, formula_22, is exceed is given by
So the longevity and the size of the reference frame are of quadratic relation in this particular case.
In this spin-formula_21 system, the degradation is due to the loss of purity of the reference frame state. On the other hand, degradation can also caused by misalignment of background reference. It has been shown, in such case, the longevity has a linear relation with the size of the reference frame.

</doc>
<doc id="20213966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213966" title="Interstate Income Act of 1959">
Interstate Income Act of 1959

The Interstate Income Act of 1959, also known as Public Law 86-272, is a United States statute that allows a business to go, or send representatives, into a state to solicit orders for goods without being subject to a net income tax. It is codified at .
History.
Public Law 86-272 was enacted in response to outcries from business over the decision held in "Northwestern States Portland Cement Co. v. Minnesota", . In "Northwestern States", the Supreme Court upheld the imposition of a Minnesota tax on an Iowa corporation that solicited orders and maintained a leased office in Minnesota. However, the Court did not make clear whether the maintenance of employees in the state (who solicited orders that were delivered and accepted outside the state) would have been enough to give rise to the state’s power to impose its tax. 
Public Law 86-272 addressed that circumstance by acting as a 'stopgap' by restricting a state from collecting income tax on solicited sales within its borders, as long as the orders are filled or shipped outside of the state.
Provisions of the Act.
Personal property.
Public Law 86-272 protects only solicitation of orders for tangible personal property.
Solicitation.
Protection applies to activities that are limited to:
Exclusions.
Public Law 86-272 does not protect a corporation in the state where it is incorporated. Likewise, it does not protect sellers of services or intangibles. In addition, it provides protection only from taxes measured by income. Taxes measured by net worth or gross receipts, or sales and use taxes, are not covered.

</doc>
<doc id="20213968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213968" title="American Quartette">
American Quartette

The American Quartette was a mixed vocal quartet of the chatauqua circuit in the 1920s, consisting of 
coloratura soprano Helen Bickerton, 
contralto Esther Muenstermann, 
lyric tenor B. Fred Wise, and
baritone Raymund Koch under the direction of Edwin Stanley Seder.
Muenstermann had previously performed with the Redpath Grand Opera Company, singing the role of Donna Angelica in their 1913 production of Parelli's "A Lovers' Quarrel".
Koch went on to a solo career, including an appearance at the Ann Arbor, Michigan May Festival in 1928.[http://mmm.lib.msu.edu/search/recordisplay.cfm?i=LF02d013]
Bickerton and Koch toured together,[http://sdrcdata.lib.uiowa.edu/libsdrc/details.jsp?id=/kochrhb] each recording for the Majestic Records label in February 1930.
Seder had been Assistant Professor of piano and theory of music, and the Director of the College of Fine Arts at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque from 1914. He was a member of Phi Kappa Phi, Sigma Chi and a Fellow of the American Guild of Organists. In later years he was professor of organ at Northwestern University, the organist and choir director at People’s Church in Chicago, and the organist of the Chicago Sunday Evening Club, which met in Orchestra Hall.[http://www.wisconsinhistory.org/wlhba/articleView.asp?pg=1&id=10187&adv=yes&ln=Seder&fn=Edwin

</doc>
<doc id="20213979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213979" title="Solly Salisbury">
Solly Salisbury

William Ansel "Bill" Salisbury (November 12, 1876 to January 17, 1952), commonly known as Solly Salisbury, was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the Philadelphia Phillies. He batted and threw right-handed. 
Salisbury had a 0-0 record, with a 13.50 ERA, in two games, in his one year career. 
He was born in Algona, Iowa and died in Rowena, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="20213988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20213988" title="Scalplock Mountain Fire Lookout">
Scalplock Mountain Fire Lookout

The Scalplock Mountain Fire Lookout in Glacier National Park is significant as one of a chain of manned fire lookout posts within the park. The low two-story timber-construction structure with a pyramidal roof was built in 1931. The lookout affords views into the Park Creek valley and the Middle Fork of the Flathead River, which was traversed by the Great Northern Railway (U.S.) and US 2, prolific sources of fires. The lookout was built to standard plans derived from U.S. Forest Service plans.

</doc>
<doc id="20214001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214001" title="M. Lynne Markus">
M. Lynne Markus

M. Lynne Markus (born ca 1950) is an American Information systems researcher, and John W. Poduska, Sr. Chair of Information Management, Bentley University, who has made fundamental contributions to the study of enterprise systems and inter-enterprise systems, IT and organizational change, and knowledge management.
Biography.
Markus received her B.S. in 1972 from the University of Pittsburgh, and her PhD in Organizational Behavior in 1979 from the Case Western Reserve University.
She was formerly a member of the Faculty of Business at the City University of Hong Kong (as Chair Professor of Electronic Business), the Peter F. Drucker Graduate School of Management at Claremont Graduate University, the Anderson Graduate School of Management (UCLA), and the MIT Sloan School of Management.
Work.
Markus' research interests are in the fields of "effective design, implementation and use of information systems within and across organizations; the risks and unintended consequences of information technology use; and innovations in the governance and management of information technology."
Her work in these areas has been published in several high-impact peer-reviewed journals, and set the stage for much of the future work in these areas. She is one of the most widely cited researchers in the field of information systems.
Her article The Technology Shaping Effects of E-Collaboration Technologies – Bugs and Features was selected as the best article published in 2005 in the International Journal of e-Collaboration. The article Industry-Wide Information Systems Standardization as Collective Action: The Case of the U.S. Residential Mortgage Industry, which she co-authored, was selected as the paper of the year for 2006 in the journal MIS Quarterly.

</doc>
<doc id="20214038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214038" title="Simply Shekhar">
Simply Shekhar

Simply Shekhar is an Indian late-night talk show that was hosted by popular comedy-actor Shekhar Suman, on Zee TV. It made its debut on July 30, 2001. It followed the basic format as many other talk shows: an opening monologue followed by comedy routines, interviews and performances.
Format.
The show follows various different segments, such as stand-up comedy, monologue, & chat with a celebrity guest. In addition, the show also contains a mimicary segment in which the host, Shekhar Suman mimics some of the most known politicians from all over the world. Besides, in the last segment of the show, Shekhar often sings to the live band on the show.

</doc>
<doc id="20214043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214043" title="Loneman Fire Lookout">
Loneman Fire Lookout

The Loneman Fire Lookout in Glacier National Park is significant as one of a chain of manned fire lookout posts within the park. The low two-story timber-construction structure with a pyramidal roof was built in 1933. The lookout uses a standard design originated by the U.S. Forest Service. Built in 1930, it is one several similar structures built in a program to establish an overlapping chain of fire lookouts in the park.

</doc>
<doc id="20214058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214058" title="Vahram Babayan">
Vahram Babayan

Vahram Babayan (born 1948) is a contemporary Armenian composer, pianist, and music theorist. He has composed a variety of music, including opera and ballet, symphonies, chamber music, and vocal compositions. 
Babayan graduated from Yerevan State Conservatory. He now serves as Vice President of the Armenian Musical Assembly.
He wrote his first serious composition at the age of 6, and at the age of 9 he wrote a Symphony for String Orchestra. In 1968 Vahram Babayan entered Yerevan State Conservatory after Komitas. In 1972 he graduated from the faculty of piano (class of Professor Vahe Aharonyan), and in 1973: from the faculty of composition (class of Professor Grigor Yeghiazaryan). Since 1973 Vahram Babayan has been a member of USSR Composer’s Union. In 1975, during the competition dedicated to the 100th anniversary of A. Isahakyan, V. Babayan was awarded a prize for his Second Symphony based on the poem “Abu-Lala Mahari”. In 1982 he was awarded the title of the laureate of Lenin Komsomol Prize of Armenia. In 2009 he was also a laureate of “Vahan Teqeyan” International Prize awarded by “Teqeyan” Cultural union (for Leipzig string quartet). In the same year his composition Hymne for piano and string orchestra was awarded the prize for the best musical composition by the World Armenian Congress and Union of Armenians of Russia. In 2011 Vahram Babayan was awarded the Gold Medal by the RA Ministry of Culture. 
V. Babayan composes in all styles: he has written 6 operas: “The Stranger” (1970), “Beethoven’s Letters” (1977), “Hamlet” (1990) “Liramlarim” (2002), “Song about Love and Beauty” (2003), “The Forty Days of Musa Dagh” (2004), 4 ballets: “Pygmalion” (1975), “Pan” (1977), “Towards the Light” (1995, the premiere was in Baltimore, USA, in 1995), “The Little Prince” (1998); 2 oratorios: “Christ Speaks” (1991), “from Christ’s Life” (1995); 9 symphonies: (1964, 1968, 1972, 1977, 1981, 1985, 1988, 1998, 2009); 2 symphonic poems; numerous concerts (5 for piano); 3 chamber symphonies; a symphony for percussive musical instruments, 7 string quartets, a piano quartet, wind quintet, a piano trio, numerous sonatas for different instruments (7 for piano), music for children, etc. 
Vahram Babayan’s works have been presented in 35 countries (the USA, Germany, Austria, Finland, England, Japan, Argentina, Italy, France, Switzerland, Hungary, Romania, Russia, etc.) at various prestigious festivals and concerts. Vahram Babayan, being a brilliant pianist, has performed in more than 10 countries. His works are notable for psychological depth, unique world view and philosophy. His early period is characterized by avant-garde standpoint, later the composer is inclined to neo-romantism, and at a more mature stage – to expressionism.
Since 1998 music festivals have been organized in Armenia named after Vahram Babayan (the first festival was in 1998 and was dedicated to the 50th anniversary of the composer, the second festival was in 2005 dedicated to the 50th anniversary of his creative activity).
Vahram Babayan’s works have been published in France, England, Russia and Armenia. He is the author of various articles raising issues related to music. 
At present the composer is a lecturer at Yerevan State Conservatory after Komitas.

</doc>
<doc id="20214069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214069" title="Paulding Northwest Atlanta Airport">
Paulding Northwest Atlanta Airport

Paulding Northwest Atlanta Airport is a public use airport in Paulding County, Georgia, United States. Formerly known as Paulding County Regional Airport, it is owned by the Paulding County Board of Commissioners. The airport is located in Dallas, Georgia, northwest of Atlanta. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
This new regional airport is located along Rockmart Highway (U.S. Route 278). Using 95% federal (FAA) money and 5% state, construction was completed in late 2008, and the ribbon-cutting made the opening official on November 14. It is the ninth local airport in metro Atlanta, and the first new jet-capable airport in Georgia since 1975.
Although many U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this facility is assigned PUJ by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA (which assigned PUJ to Punta Cana International Airport in the Dominican Republic).
History.
In 1975, in anticipation of a second international airport, the city of Atlanta purchased of land in Paulding for $925 per acre. In early 2007 the county purchased of the property for the new general aviation airport; Atlanta's second airport could still be built on the remaining property. However, Paulding County is unserved by either rapid transit or freeways.
2012 tornado.
On the night of March 2, 2012, the airport was struck by an EF3 tornado that tore a path across the county. Several million dollars in damage was done, including 1.5 million to the facility itself, and 5 million to the aircraft parked and stored there, destroying most of them (between 18 and 23 aircraft). The roof was ripped off the hangar, and the airport was closed for a week until cleanup and essential repairs were completed. The hangar was so severely damaged it had to be torn down and rebuilt.
Repairs to both the terminal building and the aircraft hangars were completed in October 2012. The airport became operational with aircraft activity at or above levels documented prior to the March 2012 tornado. The storm was part of the early-March 2012 tornado outbreak. It is the second local airport to have been struck by a tornado in recent years, the other being Tara Field in 2005.
Facilities.
Paulding Northwest Atlanta Airport covers an area of at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one southeast/northwest runway designated 13/31 which measures . Made of concrete, it is capable of landing aircraft up to for single-wheel landing gear, and for dual-wheel.
A new, terminal building was opened in May 2010, along with the airport's new fixed-base operator, Paulding Jet Center. The airport also has an AWOS weather station, a rotating beacon, and pilot-activated runway lighting. The runway elevation averages AMSL, ±3 feet (±1m). PUJ offers an ILS and GPS approach on runway 31. The National Weather Service did not carry observations for this location until late 2012 or early 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20214078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214078" title="Demons Down">
Demons Down

Demons Down is the third studio album by House of Lords, released on April 7, 1992.
It was recorded with an all-new line-up, except for founding members James Christian and Gregg Giuffria, and was the last album before the band's breakup the same year. It is also Gregg Giuffria's last album with the band, as he didn't come back to the reunion of the original members in 2000, although he does appear as a guest on future albums.

</doc>
<doc id="20214086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214086" title="Chris Telfer">
Chris Telfer

Chris Telfer is a Republican politician and Certified Public Accountant in Bend, Oregon, United States.
Telfer serves on the Bend City Council, and was elected to the Oregon State Senate in the November 2008 elections, to succeed outgoing Senator Ben Westlund. Hers was the only seat that changed parties in the Senate in that election cycle; her campaign spent $300,000 to opponent Maren Lundgren's $12,000. The shift, however, left Democrats with an 18-12 majority, allowing them to pass increases to taxes and fees without Republican support. (A 1996 law requires a 3/5 supermajority in both houses of the Oregon Legislative Assembly for such measures.)
Telfer has lived in Bend since 1977. She has two daughters.
She earned a bachelor's degree at the University of Denver, and did post-graduate work at Franklin University and the University of Oregon. She has taught at Central Oregon Community College and served as vice-chair on the Bend Development Board.
In 2010, Telfer filed for the special election for Oregon State Treasurer, to complete the term of Ben Westlund, who died in office, but lost to Democratic incumbent Ted Wheeler in the November general election.
In the Republican primary of the 2012 legislative elections, Telfer was defeated by Tim Knopp, a former state Representative and vice president of the Central Oregon Builders Association.

</doc>
<doc id="20214094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214094" title="Chuluuny Khulan">
Chuluuny Khulan

Chuluuny Khulan (; born May 30, 1985) is a Mongol actress who first gained international notice as Börte, the wife of Genghis Khan, in the 2007 Oscar nominated Russian film "Mongol".
Career.
Khulan was a student in 2006 hoping to join the country's military and enroll in a military school when she was discovered by Guka Omarav, the casting agent for "Mongol", while standing in a visa line at the Chinese embassy in Ulaanbaatar. Bodrov and Omarav had wanted to cast a Mongol woman as Genghis Khan's wife but with two weeks to go before filming they were uncertain about their choices. After meeting with her, Bodrov decided to take a risk on the non-professional actress and subsequently cast her in the role of Börte.
Personal life.
Khulan met Naryn Igilik, Bodrov's Kazakh assistant, while on the set of "Mongol". Later, the couple were wed as part of the film's opening night celebrations in Kazakhstan. She and her husband now reside in Kazakhstan, near Almaty.

</doc>
<doc id="20214096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214096" title="Class 97">
Class 97

Class 97 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20214109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214109" title="Cal Poly Universities Rose Float">
Cal Poly Universities Rose Float

The Cal Poly Universities Tournament of Roses Parade Float or Cal Poly Rose Float is a yearly program which builds a rose float that is displayed on the morning of every January 1 during the Rose Parade in Pasadena, California. Two public universities sponsor this joint venture, the California Polytechnic State University (Cal Poly San Luis Obispo) located in San Luis Obispo and the California State Polytechnic University, Pomona (Cal Poly Pomona) in Pomona. These two institutions have continuously participated in the tournament since 1949; winning the Award of Merit in their first year. The Cal Poly floats have led in introducing technology to the Parade, including the first use of hydraulics for animation in 1968, the first use of computer-controlled animation in 1978, and the first use of fiber optics in the 1982 entry. As of January 1, 2011, the floats have won 47 awards. This program is one of the longest consecutive running self-built entries in the parade, as well as the only "self built" float designed and constructed entirely by students year-round on both campuses. They compete against professional float builders who manufacture entries for their sponsors, many of them with development budgets approaching $1 million. This tradition continues today and marks the partnership between the two campuses.
"Road & Track" magazine did a road test of the Cal Poly Universities Rose Float as part of their annual April issue of unusual vehicles.
Awards.
Since 1949 the floats have won 47 trophies.

</doc>
<doc id="20214122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214122" title="Numa Ridge Fire Lookout">
Numa Ridge Fire Lookout

The Numa Ridge Fire Lookout in Glacier National Park is significant as one of a chain of manned fire lookout posts within the park. The low two-story timber-construction structure with a pyramidal roof was built in 1933. The lookout was built to a standard plan originated by the U.S. Forest Service as part of a program to provide overlapping fire lookout coverage within the park.

</doc>
<doc id="20214136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214136" title="Macarena Mix">
Macarena Mix

Macarena Mix is the title of a compilation album released on June 27, 1995. It includes covers from popular dance songs of the 1990s and three versions of the monumental hit "Macarena" by Los del Río. This album peaked at number one in the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums for four non-consecutive weeks in 1996.
Tracklisting.
This tracklisting from Billboard.
Personnel.
This information from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="20214152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214152" title="William Burke (baseball)">
William Burke (baseball)

William R. "Bill" Burke (November, 1865 – March 17, 1939) was an American professional baseball pitcher and outfielder, who played in 1887 with the Detroit Wolverines, of the National League. He threw right-handed. Burke had a 0-1 record, with a 6.00 ERA, in two games, in his one year career. He also had 2 hits in 8 at-bats.

</doc>
<doc id="20214153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214153" title="Melville Sewell Bagley">
Melville Sewell Bagley

Melville Sewell Bagley (born July 10 1838 in Bangor, Maine) was the originator of the archetypical Argentine national liqueur Hesperidina and holder of the first patent and trademark to be registered in Argentina on that product. 
Bagley was an American businessman who lived most of his life in Argentina but was born in 1838 in the state of Maine. Members of the family lived in Durham, Maine and Bangor, Maine. He migrated first to New Orleans, Louisiana where he worked in a dry goods store. In 1861 with the outbreak of the American Civil War he emigrated to Buenos Aires, Argentina where he worked for a commission merchant. He sought to own his enterprise and he found an opportunity. Bitter oranges had been planted as a decorative tree and street vendors had found that they could be sold as a refreshment but Argentines were concerned about disposal of the peel. Many vendors chose to sell on the block in front of the National Palace. A prize was offered for someone who could find a creative way to collect the peels.
Bagley collected a large quantity of the peels and thru experimenting, created an apertif and herbal flavored triple sec. He then took inspiration from recent American publicity techniques and put up posters with "Hesperidina is Coming" in prominent locations and in newspapers. A newspaper editor wrote a column speculating on the mysterious product. Bagley then arranged for a cart of his product Hesperidina to have a wheel come of in front of the newspaper.
The story of the cart and the product was picked up by the various newspapers and attracted significant attention in restaurants and saloons. It became a highly successful business which obtained the first patent and trademark. Hesperidina is considered the Argentine national liqueur. Bagley later started a biscuit company which was more successful. Both products are still manufactured.

</doc>
<doc id="20214170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214170" title="Aberdeen Schools Rowing Association">
Aberdeen Schools Rowing Association

Aberdeen Schools Rowing Association (ASRA) was founded in 1960 by Robert Newton and Bryan Steel. It thrives today on the banks of the River Dee, Aberdeen, in Scotland.
History.
ASRA has been very successful in National competitions since 1960 and has won medals at 3 major competitions in Britain.
In 2007 ASRA was awarded a grant from the Big Lottery Fund which allowed ASRA to employ their first paid coach, purchase boats for beginners, ergos for schools and a minibus and towing vehicle. ASRA is expanding and hoping to build an extension to the current boathouse which was constructed in 2001. This is due to the huge increase in members due to the success of the "Wet Start" and "Dry Start" schemes.
ASRA is run by 3 trustees: Bryan Steel, Alan Lawrie and Ian Duncan. They oversee the running of the club and take up roles as Rowing Co-ordinator, Treasurer and Senior Coach respectively. Colin Wallace was the first paid coach employed by ASRA in 2007. He is working along with ASRA and in secondary schools in Aberdeen to encourage participation. 

</doc>
<doc id="20214173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214173" title="Australia (schooner)">
Australia (schooner)

Australia is a coasting schooner located at Mystic Seaport in Mystic, Connecticut, United States. "Australia" was built in 1862 in Great South Bay, Long Island, New York and was originally named "Alma". "Australia" was designed to carry freight and to be able to traverse shallow water. "Australia" was used as a blockade runner during the American Civil War until she was captured by Union warships and sold at auction. Mystic Seaport acquired her in 1951 for use as a training vessel. In 1962 "Australia" was hauled out for restoration but damage to the hull was deemed too extensive and the vessel was permanently beached. "Australia" is now housed in a shed and used as an exhibit on ship construction.

</doc>
<doc id="20214177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214177" title="Baden IX b">
Baden IX b

The Baden Class IX b were German rack railway steam locomotives with the Grand Duchy of Baden State Railways, whose cogwheel drive was designed for running on track with a Riggenbach rack system. 
The locomotive was produced in two sub-classes, which were designated as IX b1 and IX b2.
In 1925 they were grouped by the Deutsche Reichsbahn as DRG Class 97.2 within their renumbering plan. The engines were employed on the Höllentalbahn in the Black Forest until they were eventually and later replaced by DRG Class 85 locomotives.

</doc>
<doc id="20214185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214185" title="Bombus fernaldae">
Bombus fernaldae

The Fernald's cuckoo bumblebee ("Bombus fernaldae") is a species of cuckoo bumblebee having only males and queens but no worker bees. The females place there eggs in the nest of the confusing bumblebe ("Bombus perplexus") or the red-belted bumblebee ("Bombus rufocinctus") who raise the larvae. Fernald's cuckoo bumble bees pollinate Potentilla, Rubus, clovers, and goldenrods.

</doc>
<doc id="20214199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214199" title="Bombus insularis">
Bombus insularis

Bombus insularis is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.

</doc>
<doc id="20214203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214203" title="Swiftcurrent Fire Lookout">
Swiftcurrent Fire Lookout

The Swiftcurrent Fire Lookout in Glacier National Park is significant as one of a chain of manned fire lookout posts within the park. The low two-story timber-construction structure with a gabled roof was built in 1936. Its detailing is reminiscent of the Swiss Chalet style of the nearby Many Glacier Hotel. The design is modified from standard U.S. Forest Service plans. The Swiftcurrent lookout was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986, and it is also listed on the National Historic Lookout Register.

</doc>
<doc id="20214223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214223" title="36th Annie Awards">
36th Annie Awards

The 36th Annual Annie Awards, honoring the best in animation for 2008, were held on January 30, 2009 at Royce Hall in Los Angeles, California. Below is a list of announced nominees. "Kung Fu Panda" received the most awards with 11, winning nearly all of its nominations.

</doc>
<doc id="20214226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214226" title="Bruce David Klein">
Bruce David Klein

Bruce David Klein is a prolific producer, director, and writer of television, film, and digital entertainment. He is the founder of Atlas Media Corp. and serves as its president and executive producer.
On the television front, Klein was an early innovator in cable programming, responsible for series such as "" (for Discovery Health/TLC), "Breaking Vegas" and "History's Lost & Found" (for The History Channel), "It Could Happen Tomorrow" (The Weather Channel), "Factory Floor" (National Geographic Channel), and "Top 5" and "Behind The Bash with Giada DeLaurentiis" (Food Network). More recently, he has been responsible for producing and/or executive producing hundreds of hours of television including "Big Sexy" (TLC), "Phowned!" (Spike TV), "Mary Knows Best" (SyFy), "Stalked: Someone's Watching" (ID), "Alien Invasion: Are We Ready?" (Discovery Channel), "Big Brian: The Fortune Seller" (TruTV), and "Hotel Impossible" (Travel).
On the theatrical documentary front, Klein directed "" (2008) and produced "Robert Blecker Wants Me Dead". He also co-wrote and directed the independent film "The Stranger", starring William Atherton and Roxana Zal.
In 2011, Klein wrote and directed the TV movie "Who Killed Chandra Levy?" for TLC.
Klein has moderated and appeared on numerous panels for organizations such as NATPE, RealScreen, the Producers Guild, the USA Film Festival and NYU Film School. His work has been featured and reviewed in publications such as "The New York Times", "Variety","Crain’s New York Business", "Entertainment Weekly", "TelevisionWeek", and "World Screen News". Klein is a member of the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences, and currently serves on the Executive Board of the National Association of Television Program Executives (NATPE).

</doc>
<doc id="20214235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214235" title="Karl Blessing">
Karl Blessing

Karl Blessing (5 February 1900 – 25 April 1971) was a German banker. It was proposed that he would have been the Minister of Economics or President of the Reichsbank if the 20 July plot to kill Adolf Hitler had succeeded. He was also President of the Deutsche Bundesbank from 1958 to 1969.
He was born in Württemberg, joined the Reichsbank in 1920 and graduated in Business Administration in 1925. In 1929 he became an assistant to Reichsbank president Hjalmar Schacht and in 1934 he was seconded to the Reich Ministry of Economics. He became a member of the executive board of the Reichsbank in 1937 but was dismissed in February 1939 along with other board members for criticising Nazi economic policy. He was not arrested by the Gestapo after the 20 July plot failed. They were unaware that he would have been named Minister of Economics.
Shortly after retiring as President of the Deutsche Bundesbank Blessing died in Rasteau, France aged 71. His grandson, Martin Blessing, is CEO of the German Commerzbank.

</doc>
<doc id="20214245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214245" title="Chicoreus palmarosae">
Chicoreus palmarosae

The rose-branch murex, "Chicoreus palmarosae", is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails. 
Description.
The size of an adult shell varies between 65 mm and 130 mm.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the Indian Ocean along the Chagos Atoll and the Mascarene Basin; in the Pacific Ocean along Sri Lanka and Southwest Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20214250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214250" title="Darren Lynch">
Darren Lynch

Darren Lynch (born July 7, 1983) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player. After a major junior career in the Western Hockey League (WHL) with the Lethbridge Hurricanes and Vancouver Giants, Lynch retired after a brief pro minor league career in the American Hockey League (AHL) and ECHL.
Playing career.
Lynch played minor hockey in his hometown with the Regina Pat Canadians. In 1998–99, he debuted with the Lethbridge Hurricanes of the major junior Western Hockey League (WHL), appearing in one game. In 2001–02, Lynch joined the Vancouver Giants. Undrafted by an NHL team, he was signed as a free agent by the Calgary Flames on September 27, 2002. He remained in the WHL for two more season and recorded a junior career-high upon being signed, tallying 82 points in 70 games with the Giants in 2002–03. His 53 assists was a Giants' franchise record until Casey Pierro-Zabotel broke it in 2008–09. As of the completion of the 2007–08 WHL season, Lynch is in third place among all-time Giants scorers with 202 points in 213 games.
After completing his final season in the juniors in 2003–04, Lynch joined the Las Vegas Wranglers of the East Coast Hockey League (ECHL) and recorded 29 points in 54 games during his professional rookie season. The following year, he split the 2005–06 campaign with the Omaha Ak-Sar-Ben Knights of the American Hockey League (AHL), as well as the Las Vegas Wranglers and the South Carolina Stingrays of the ECHL before retiring at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="20214293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214293" title="Children in Need 2004">
Children in Need 2004

Children in Need 2004 was a campaign held in the United Kingdom to raise money for the charity Children in Need. It culminated in a live broadcast on BBC One on the evening of Friday 19 November and was hosted primarily by Terry Wogan, who was assisted by Gaby Roslin. The voice over was Alan Dedicoat.
Television campaign.
Artist performances.
Also appearing were McFly (performing live in Gloucester) and Natasha Bedingfield (live from Stirling, Scotland).
Official single.
The official single for 2004's appeal was recorded by Girls Aloud. The band recorded a cover of The Pretenders' 1994 song "I'll Stand By You" for the charity. The single hit the top spot on the UK singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20214296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214296" title="Spade bit">
Spade bit

Spade bit may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20214302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214302" title="Caitlin Van Zandt">
Caitlin Van Zandt

Caitlin Van Zandt (born July 17, 1985 in New York City) is an American actress. She is best known for her role on "Guiding Light" as Ashlee Wolfe and as Allegra Marie Sacrimoni on the HBO series, "The Sopranos".
Career.
Van Zandt got her first film role debut in 2003 in the movie "Camp" as Ilana. Then in 2006, she won the role of Allegra Marie Sacrimoni on the hit HBO series, "The Sopranos".
She has also appeared on "Hope & Faith" and "Queens Supreme".
Personal life.
Van Zandt underwent lap band surgery in 2008; she lost 90 pounds in the year following surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="20214310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214310" title="Bombus rupestris">
Bombus rupestris

Bombus rupestris is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.
Distribution.
The bumblebee is present in most of Europe except Iceland and the Balkans. It is also found in Turkey.
Description.
The female is much larger than the male; she has a length of , while the drone usually is not more than . The bumblebee is black, with the last abdominal segments coloured orange-red. 
Due to its parasitic lifestyle no workers exist.
Behaviour.
"Bombus rupestris" is found in flower-rich habitats, such as meadows and along hedgerows. The bumblebee parasites the nests of "Bombus lapidarius", the red-tailed bumblebee, whose queen is killed or subjugated.

</doc>
<doc id="20214319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214319" title="Isaac D. Smith">
Isaac D. Smith

Isaac D. Smith (born in Wakefield, Louisiana, United States) was a Major general in the United States Army.
Education.
Smith was in the Reserve Officers Training Corps at Southern University A&M College, where he earned a B.S. in Agriculture. He also earned a Masters in Public Administration from Shippensburg State College. He also completed several military education courses and attended the U.S. Army War College.
Assignments.
According to The Rocks, inc., website:
In 1983, when Smith was a Brigadier general, "The Crisis" named him one of the "top blacks in the Armed Forces." At the time, he held the same rank as Colin Powell. He was noted in "Blacks in American armed forces: 1776-1983", as well as "African American generals and flag officers".
Smith was the author of a major Army report on "THE DEPENDENTS SCHOOLS SYSTEM IN USAREUR", about the education of "army brats" in Europe.
In 1989, the Comptroller General of the Department of Defense that Smith failed to abide by the "Fly America Act", which required use of US-based airlines for military flights; Smith's case became a precedent.
Awards.
Smith won several DOD awards and decorations including the Distinguished Service Medal, the Silver Star, Defense Superior Service Medal, the Legion of Merit (with Oak Leaf Cluster), Bronze Star Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal (with Oak Leaf Cluster), and the Army Commendation Medal (with two Oak Leaf Clusters).
In 1999, Smith was named "Rock of the Year" by The Rocks, Inc., an association of ROTC officers.
In 2006, Smith, by then a retired major general, received a citation from the Louisiana House of Representatives for his service to the United States, which was also passed by the Louisiana Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="20214320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214320" title="Andresito, Uruguay">
Andresito, Uruguay

Andresito is a village in the north of Flores Department of Uruguay. 
Location.
It is located on Km. 238 of Route 3 and close to its junctions with Route 14. 
Geography.
A bridge passes Route 3 over Arroyo Grande to national park Parque Bartolome Hidalgo northwest from the village and then, after another , another bridge passes it over Río Negro into Río Negro Department. Both rivers discharge into Lake Paso del Palmar at this point.
Population.
In 2011 Andresito had a population of 261.
Source: "Instituto Nacional de Estadística de Uruguay"

</doc>
<doc id="20214321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214321" title="Bombus sylvestris">
Bombus sylvestris

Bombus sylvestris is a species of cuckoo bumblebee, that can be found in most of Europe and the Russian part of Asia. Its main hosts are "Bombus pratorum", "Bombus jonellus" and "Bombus monticola".
Description.
"Bombus sylvestris" is a small bumblebee, the queen having a body length of and the male one of . The head is round and the proboscis (tongue) is short. Its fur is black with a yellow collar and a white tail. Sometimes the bumblebee can have a few pale hairs on top of the head, the scutellum and on tergite (abdominal segment) 1. The male can sometimes be more or less melanic, or, very rarely in northern Scotland, have a tail that is yellow instead of white.
Distribution.
"Bombus sylvestris" is present in most of Europe (including Russian Asia) from the northern half of the Iberian peninsula, southern Italy and the Balkans in the south to beyond the Arctic circle in the north, and from Ireland in the west to easternmost Russia. In Britain it has a widespread but patchy distribution, the major areas being the south-east, north-eastern England and east Scotland.
Ecology.
The species is a cuckoo bumblebee, that instead of constructing a nest of its own usurpates nests other bumblebees. Its major host is "Bombus pratorum", but "Bombus jonellus" and "Bombus monticola are also visited.
When patrolling for young queens to mate with, the males fly in circuits about 1 m above ground, marking objects with pheromones to attract the queens.
The bumblebee often visits thistles and bramble. The queen also feeds on flowers as sallow, deadnettles, dandelion, bay, horse chestnut, lavender and others, while the male visits clover, green alkanet, hound's-tongue, knapweed and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="20214332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214332" title="Bombus variabilis">
Bombus variabilis

Bombus variabilis is a species of cuckoo bumblebee.

</doc>
<doc id="20214347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214347" title="Thorington railway station">
Thorington railway station

Thorington railway station (also Thorrington railway station) was a station in Thorrington, Essex on the line (now called the Sunshine Coast Line) from Colchester to Walton on the Naze and Clacton, opened in 1866 and closed in 1957. The station was situated in between Alresford and Great Bentley. It was closed due to its close proximity to the much busier station at Great Bentley, just half a mile down the track.
History.
In 1859 the Tendring Hundred Railway Company was formed to extend the line from Hythe to Wivenhoe which opened on 8 May 1863 for both passenger and goods services from Colchester. By the time the Wivenhoe extension opened the line was operated by the GER Great Eastern Railway who bought the line from the Tendring Hunded Railway in 1883.
Thorington station was opened as part of the Tendring Hundred Extension Railway on 8 January 1866. 
Initially the station was served by a single track but the line was doubled between Great Bentley and Thorpe-le-Soken by the Great Eastern Railway in 1891. The Wivenhoe to Great Bentley section was doubled in 1898.
Operation of the station passed to the London and North Eastern Railway in 1923.
In 1948 the station became part of the Eastern Region of British Railways. 
The 1955 modernisation plan proposed the electrification of the line through Thorington but unfortunately the station closed on 4 November 1957, and was the only station on the Colchester to Clacton Line to close. 
In 2002, there was an unsuccessful campaign to re-open the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20214363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214363" title="Western Institute of Nanoelectronics">
Western Institute of Nanoelectronics

The Western Institute of Nanoelectronics is a research institute founded in 2006 and headquartered at the UCLA Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science in Los Angeles, California, USA. The WIN Center networks multiple universities with Industry and government based sponsors (members of the Semiconductor Industry Association consortium NRI) and the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) in pursuit of replacing Complementary Metal-Oxide Semiconductor Field-Effect Transistors (CMOS FET). WIN's research is focused on spintronics extending from materials, devices, and device-device interactions, metrology and circuits/architectures. Sponsors include:
WIN is one of four research centers within the Nanoelectronics Research Initiative. Dr. Kang L. Wang serves as Director of the Center. Current WIN university participants include four University of California campuses (Los Angeles, Berkeley, Santa Barbara and Irvine) and Stanford University, Denver University, Portland State University, and University of Iowa. 
NRI's goal is to develop a radical, yet practical, new device that continues scaling of semiconductors beyond the predominantly silicon content found in chips that power today's computers and electronics. The aim is to demonstrate feasibility of such devices in simple circuits during the next 5–10 years. NRI is a research initiative of the Nanoelectronics Research Corporation (NERC). And NERC in turn is a subsidiary of the Semiconductor Research Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="20214383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214383" title="Piusa River">
Piusa River

Piusa () is a river in Southeastern Estonia and, for the last 14 km before draining into Lake Pihkva, in Pskov Oblast, Russia. For a 17-km-long section near Pechory Piusa is the border river between Estonia and the Russian Federation.
Piusa has the greatest drop of all Estonian rivers (214 meters). 

</doc>
<doc id="20214387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214387" title="Buckley Homestead">
Buckley Homestead

Buckley Homestead Living History Farm is a county park and historical museum located at 3606 Belshaw Road, Lowell, Indiana. The park is open from 7 a.m. to sunset year round. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The park is operated by Lake County Parks.
History.
The Buckleys first moved to Northwest Indiana in 1849, where they built their first farmstead. The Buckleys were Irish immigrants who moved to the United States in the mid-19th century. The Buckleys ended up turning their farm into a 150-head dairy farm. They sold their milk to markets in Chicago during the early 20th century. Over four generations, the farm grew from to . In 1977, part of the park was donated by Rose Buckley Pearce to be part of the Lake County Parks. The Buckley Homestead was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Features.
Next to the parking area, there is a visitor center which contains restroom facilities, drinking fountains, information kiosk, and a gift shop which is open on Sunday afternoons from May through the first of August. After that, a path will lead to the Buckley's farm. The park is divided into sections: Main House Museum, School, Pioneer Farm, and Back Again.
Events and activities.
Buckley Homestead holds many events throughout the season. A list of events at Buckley Homestead are listed below.
WWII Tribute.
Buckley Homestead holds a WWII Tribute every year by reenacting battles between the axis and allies. The tribute holds skirmishes, axis and allies encampments, uniform demonstration, WWII Veterans Panel, and homefront displays.
Legend of Sleepy Hollow.
This event is held annually. Buckley Homestead is transformed into Tarrytown, New York, popularly known as Sleepy Hollow. There, visitors walk with a guide through the homestead while encountering townsfolk in search of Ichabod Crane, the one person who can tell the stories of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="20214418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214418" title="Revenge (Canadian band)">
Revenge (Canadian band)

Revenge is a Canadian black metal band formed in 2000 by James Read following the collapse of his previous outfit Conqueror. Revenge's chaotic black metal sound represents a direct continuation of Read's previous band's direction. They have to date released four full-length albums.
Biography.
Following the demise of Canadian blackened death metal band Conqueror, James Read formed Revenge in 2000 in Edmonton, Alberta, with the help of fellow scene veterans Ryan Förster (of Conqueror, Blasphemy and Domini Inferi) and Vermin (of Sacramentary Abolishment and Axis of Advance). Utilising the session musicians Attacker and Dehumanizer, the band recorded the "Attack.Blood.Revenge" 10" EP. The EP, which featured a cover of Bathory's "War", was released through Dark Horizon Records in 2001. The same year, Read joined French band Arkhon Infaustus for European touring, whilst also contributing session drums for fellow Canadians Axis of Advance.
In June 2002, Revenge (now solely Read) was joined by Pete Helmkamp, of Order from Chaos and Angelcorpse notoriety, on bass and backing vocals. The band signed to the French label Osmose, who released Revenge's first full-length album, "Triumph.Genocide.Antichrist", in 2003. Revenge also contributed the track "Deathless Will" to a split 7" single with Arkhon Infaustus, also released through Osmose. Two further albums emerged through Osmose, in 2004 and 2008 respectively, in much the same vein as previous Revenge and Conqueror releases. In 2011 Helmkamp left the band and was replaced with session member Haasiophis.

</doc>
<doc id="20214426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214426" title="Tim Kraus">
Tim Kraus

Tim Kraus (born February 21, 1987) is an American professional ice hockey center who is currently playing with the Dundee Stars in the U.K's Elite Ice Hockey League.
Playing career.
Kraus played major junior hockey in the Western Hockey League (WHL) with the Vancouver Giants and Regina Pats. In 2005–06, his third year with the Giants, Kraus scored a junior career-high 21 goals and helped the Giants to the franchise's first President's Cup championship. The following year, he recorded a junior career-high 47 assists and 66 points, while the Giants finished as 2007 WHL champion runners-up, then captured the 2007 Memorial Cup championship as tournament hosts. The next year, he was traded to the Regina Pats, where he finished his major junior career.
Undrafted by a National Hockey League (NHL) club, Kraus turned pro in the ECHL with the Ontario Reign in the 2008–09 season.
In the 2011–12 season on November 18, 2011, the Wichita Thunder traded Kraus to the Dayton Gems in exchange for future considerations. He made only one appearance for the Gems before his season was cut short due to injury.
On September 7, 2012, Kraus decided to remain in the CHL, signing to a one-year contract with the inaugural Denver Cutthroats. Kraus was subsequently released from the Cutthroats prior to the season after failing to cement a place on the opening night roster. Krause subsequently signed his first foreign contract, agreeing to a one-year deal, with British club Dundee Stars of the EIHL on October 24, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20214428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214428" title="The Power and the Myth">
The Power and the Myth

The Power and the Myth is the fourth studio album and the first since the reunion, by House of Lords, released on August 3, 2004.
The album marks the return of original members Chuck Wright, Lanny Cordola and Ken Mary, but is the first not to feature keyboardist, main songwriter and founding member Gregg Giuffria.
Then Mr. Big drummer Pat Torpey co-wrote many of the songs on the album.

</doc>
<doc id="20214437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214437" title="Pyroteuthis margaritifera">
Pyroteuthis margaritifera

Pyroteuthis margaritifera, the jewel enope squid, is a species of squid in the family Pyroteuthidae.

</doc>
<doc id="20214438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214438" title="Gymnastics at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's artistic individual all-around">
Gymnastics at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Women's artistic individual all-around

These are the results of the women's individual all-around competition, one of six events for female competitors in artistic gymnastics at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. The qualification and final rounds took place on September 17 and 21 at the Sydney SuperDome.
The all-around competition in the discipline of women's artistic gymnastics (WAG) was marred by three separate scandals. The vault apparatus was set incorrectly for more than half of the meet; consequently many gymnasts fell or were injured on the event. The apparatus was adjusted during the third rotation and those gymnasts who had vaulted on the incorrectly set equipment were invited to re-do the event at the end of the competition.
Notably, Svetlana Khorkina, who led champion Andreea Răducan by nearly 0.3 in qualifications, was thrown out of medal contention due to the wrongly measured vault. Additionally, world all-around silver medalist Viktoria Karpenko, who led the competition until the last rotation, was thrown from first place after she stubbed her toe, tripped, and fell out of bounds on her floor exercise. These are testaments to the upset of the entire competition.
The all-around gold medalist Andreea Răducan was stripped of her medal after testing positive for an IOC banned substance during that event. In 2004, after the substance was removed from the banned list, Raducan contested her being stripped of the medal and petitioned to have it returned to her, the IOC did not accept her petition, however.
Finally, though not necessarily a favorite for an all-around medal, Dong Fangxiao was found in 2010 to have been underaged at the Sydney Olympics. Consequently, all of her results from the competition - including her all-around results - were cancelled.
Results.
Qualification.
Sixty-four gymnasts competed in the all-around during the qualification round on September 17. The thirty-six highest scoring gymnasts advanced to the final on September 21. Each country was limited to three competitors in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20214450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214450" title="Thomas Paget, Lord Paget">
Thomas Paget, Lord Paget

Thomas Catesby Paget or Pagett (1689 – 4 February 1742) was a British politician, styled Hon. Thomas Catesby Paget from 1712 to 1714, and subsequently with the courtesy title Lord Paget.
Life.
Paget was born in 1689, the son of Hon. Henry Paget, later Earl of Uxbridge, and his wife Mary Catesby. He was educated at Trinity College, Oxford and Clare College, Cambridge. In the latter stages of the War of the Spanish Succession he was taken prisoner by French forces in southern Germany, as he tried to make his way to Italy. In 1715, he was elected Member of Parliament for Staffordshire, where his family was influential, as a Tory. 
Lord Paget continued to sit for Staffordshire until 1727. He was appointed Gentleman of the Bedchamber to George, Prince of Wales in 1719, serving him through his accession as King George II in 1727 until 1736. 
Paget died at West Drayton on 4 February 1742 (N.S.), and was buried on 19 February in Westminster Abbey.
Works.
Paget composed pieces in verse and prose; his verse has been described as exhibiting a "tough cynicism". They included:
His writings were collected in "Miscellanies in Prose and Verse"(1741).
Family.
Lord Paget (as he was styled from 1714) married Lady Elizabeth Egerton, daughter of John Egerton, 3rd Earl of Bridgwater on 6 May 1718, in Gray's Inn Chapel. They had two sons:

</doc>
<doc id="20214455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214455" title="The Itch">
The Itch

"The Itch" is the seventh episode of the fifth season of "House" and the ninety-third episode overall. It aired on November 11, 2008.
Plot.
An agoraphobic man falls ill and refuses to leave his home to be treated at the hospital. House and the team go to his home to figure out what might be causing his seizures. Cameron takes charge of the case as she had treated the patient in the past and she and the team figure out ways to treat him at his home. However, with Cameron's feelings for people who are sick, she does not end up giving the man the best diagnosis possible, leaving House and his team simple tools to diagnose with. The patient’s condition worsens and it becomes difficult to treat him at his home, therefore House and the team plan to get the man into the hospital for surgery without causing any problems. Cameron and Chase attempt to work through issues in their relationship, and House deals with an annoying itch he cannot seem to scratch, with Wilson making his own analogies about the problem. The final diagnosis is lead poisoning from bullet fragments from a seven year old shooting that stayed in his system.
House removes the bullet fragments, curing the patient of his seizures but he remains agoraphobic. The scene cuts to Taub and his wife making up, Chase and Cameron smiling after getting through their issues, House approaching Cuddy's doorstep, and the patient attempting to overcome his agoraphobia. Right as he is about to knock on Cuddy's door, House hesitates, looking at her through the window for a long time. Then he turns around and walks away as the video and music fade away. At the same time, the patient overcomes his fear and leaves the house.
Music.
The song played in its entirety during the episode's final sequence is "I'm In Love With a Girl" by Big Star, from their 1974 album "Radio City".

</doc>
<doc id="20214457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214457" title="World Upside Down">
World Upside Down

World Upside Down is the fifth studio album (second since the reunion), by House of Lords, released on May 23, 2006.
The album features founding member James Christian once again with an all-new line-up, as he is the only one of the original members left on the line-up. Still, founding member Gregg Giuffria, who was not reunited with the original line-up for the 2004 album "The Power and the Myth", is featured on the album as a guest keyboardist.
Collaborator and producer Jeff Kent played bass and keyboards on the album, as the band was without a bassist at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="20214458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214458" title="Stanley B. Kimball">
Stanley B. Kimball

Stanley Buchholz Kimball (November 25, 1926 – May 15, 2003) was a historian at Southern Illinois University. He was an expert on eastern European history but also wrote on Latter-day Saint history, specifically his ancestor Heber C. Kimball and the Mormon Trail.
Biography.
Kimball was raised in Farmington, Utah, until he was in junior high school when he moved to Denver, Colorado. 
During World War II Kimball served briefly with the United States Army Air Forces at Sheppard Field, Texas.
As a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), Kimball served as a missionary in Czechoslovakia starting in 1948. When the missionaries were expelled from the country in 1950, he was relocated to England with Stayner Richards as his mission president.
Kimball returned home and completed his B.A. and M.A. from the University of Denver. Kimball then became a director of an art center in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. While living in Winston-Salem he married Violet Tew, with whom he would have four children. He then went to Columbia University where he earned a Ph.D. in history, doing his dissertation on the Czech National Theatre in America.
In 1959, Kimball settled in the St. Louis, Missouri area and began teaching at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville (SIUE). He would teach there for 41 years, until his 2001 retirement. Before SIUE, he taught as a student or during summers at schools such as Columbia University, College of the City of New York, Brigham Young University, and Washington University in St. Louis.
After retirement, Kimball moved to St. George, Utah with a major medical problem that limited his professional involvement. Two years later, in 2003, Kimball died of cancer at the age of 76.

</doc>
<doc id="20214478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214478" title="Pyroteuthis serrata">
Pyroteuthis serrata

Pyroteuthis serrata is a species of squid in the family Pyroteuthidae.

</doc>
<doc id="20214500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214500" title="Cypraecassis rufa">
Cypraecassis rufa

Cypraecassis rufa is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cassidae. It is commonly known as the bullmouth or red helmet shell, and also as the cameo shell.
Distribution.
This species is found off the southern African coast from northern KwaZulu-Natal and Mozambique. It is more common in Mozambique. It is also a common shell to find on the shores of Kenya.

</doc>
<doc id="20214536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214536" title="Conus amadis">
Conus amadis

Conus amadis, common name: the Amadis cone, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails or cones.
Like all species within the genus Conus, these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans, therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
Description.
The size of an adult shell varies between 40 mm and 110 mm. The spire is striate, channeled, concavely elevated, sharp-pointed. It has a sharp shoulder angle. The lower part of body whorl is punctured and grooved The color of the shell is orange-brown to chocolate, thickly covered
with large and small subtriangular white spots, which by their varied disposition sometimes form a white central band, or dark bands above and below the center, the latter occasionally bearing articulated revolving lines.
Distribution.
This marine species occurs in the Mascarene Basin, in the Indian Ocean and in the Pacific Ocean along Indonesia, New Caledonia and Polynesia.

</doc>
<doc id="20214567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214567" title="Wrist piercing">
Wrist piercing

A wrist piercing is a piercing through the surface of the wrist, first popularized by Jon Cobb in PFIQ. Wrist piercings are a type of surface piercing. 
They carry a high rate of rejection and migration, unless they are properly measured and placed. They may reject if they are not pierced properly, as they are in a part of the body that moves constantly and are easy to irritate, catching on clothing or other objects.
People with wrist piercings are advised to put on short sleeved t-shirts, singlets so as to prevent the surface barbell from catching onto the threads of the clothing. Also, wrist piercings can only be done with a special tool (to hook the other side of the surface barbell upside) and thus, it is of high difficulty for it to be home-made.
Piercers would also advise that, after getting a wrist piercing, the person is to soak and moisten the wound with mild salted solution so as to disinfect the area, preventing bacteria from entering the unclotted wound. The span of a wrist piercing ranges approximately from as short as 2 weeks to 6 or 7 months.
Wrist Piercing Jewelry.
As with all surface piercings, wrist piercings require special jewelry to minimize the risk of piercing migration and rejection. Both surface bars and barbells with bars made from flexible material, such as tygon or Teflon, are commonly used as both short and long term jewelry in wrist piercings. More appropriate is titanium, which is less likely to irritate surrounding skin due to its lack of nickel. A quality piercing is done in two steps with different bars: one with long rises used at time of piercing to allow for initial swelling, and a second bar with shorter rises and balls a few millimeters from skin to be inserted months later once healing has taken place. Other jewelry includes specially made and bent barbells, which may be made by the piercer or can be ordered from a dealer.

</doc>
<doc id="20214604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214604" title="Regina M.">
Regina M.

Regina M. is a Carry Away Sloop located at Mystic Seaport in Mystic, Connecticut, United States. "Regina M." was built in 1900 in Passamaquoddy Bay and was used to collect herring from fish weirs and transport them to canneries on shore. Mystic Seaport acquired the vessel in 1940 to add to their collection of watercraft. In 1992 "Regina M." was restored to the way she looked in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="20214623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214623" title="Biplex perca">
Biplex perca

Biplex perca is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae, the tritons. It is more commonly known as the "Winged Frog Shell"

</doc>
<doc id="20214627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214627" title="Marv Foley">
Marv Foley

Marvis Edwin Foley is a former Major League Baseball catcher and coach, former minor league baseball coach and manager, and current Major League catching instructor for the Colorado Rockies. In the majors, he played all or part of five seasons, between 1978 and 1984, for the Chicago White Sox and Texas Rangers. He is the only manager ever to win league championships in all three major Triple-A leagues (International League, American Association and Pacific Coast League).
Playing career.
Early career.
Foley played college baseball at the University of Kentucky. In 1975, the Chicago White Sox drafted Foley in the 17th round of the amateur draft. He was originally assigned to the Class-A Appleton Foxes, but was promoted to the Double-A Knoxville Sox after just six games. He batted .293 at Knoxville in 51 games, and in 1976 he opened the season there again.
Foley's statistics declined somewhat in 1976, with his batting average dropping to .251 in his first full professional season. In 1977, Foley split the season between Appleton (48 games), Knoxville (66 games), and the Triple-A Iowa Oaks (10 games). Across all three levels, he batted .282 with 10 home runs. In 1978, he played the whole season at Iowa, batting .275.
Major league career.
White Sox.
1978.
After the Triple-A season ended, Foley was given his first taste of major league action. He made his debut on September 11, 1978 against the Minnesota Twins. He pinch-hit for starting catcher Mike Colbern in the ninth inning, grounding out against pitcher Mike Marshall. He played in a total of 11 games that season, batting .353 in 34 at bats.
1979.
Foley started the 1979 season with the White Sox, splitting time as their primary catcher with Bill Nahorodny. On May 27, the White Sox purchased Milt May from the Detroit Tigers, and Foley, who was batting .235, was sent down to Iowa. He returned to the White Sox in September, finishing the season with a .247 average, 2 home runs, and 10 RBI.
1980.
Foley started the season with the White Sox in 1980, but again struggled at the plate, batting just .181 through July 3. He was demoted to the minors, splitting the next two months between Iowa and the Double-A Glens Falls White Sox. For the third season in a row, he returned to the majors in September, and by the end of the season he had brought his average up to .212, and had set new career highs with 4 home runs and 15 RBI.
1981 through 1983.
In 1981, Foley opened the season in the minor leagues for the first time in three seasons. He spent the full season with the White Sox' new Triple-A affiliate, the Edmonton Trappers, where he batted .296 and a professional best of 11 home runs.
In 1982, Foley was back in the majors, but as the White Sox' third-string catcher behind Carlton Fisk and Marc Hill. He appeared in 27 games, with 36 at bats, in which he batted .111 with one RBI.
In 1983, it was back to Triple-A, again with a new White Sox affiliate, the Denver Bears. This time, he had what would be his best batting average in a full Triple-A season at .319, and he hit double digits in home runs with 10. However, after the season ended, he was allowed to become a minor league free agent.
Rangers.
A month later, Foley signed a contract with the Texas Rangers. In 1984, Foley played a full season in the majors for the second time, splitting time at catcher with Donnie Scott and Ned Yost. On the last day of the season, in the first game of a doubleheader against the California Angels, he made the final out of Mike Witt's perfect game. Pinch-hitting for Curtis Wilkerson, he grounded out to second to end the game. It turned out to be his last at bat in the major leagues.
While he batted .217 in 1984, he established personal major-league bests with 6 home runs and 19 RBI. After the season, he was released by the Rangers.
Back in the minors.
Foley signed on with the Detroit Tigers shortly after his release, but never played for them at any level. Instead, he wound up back with the White Sox. He split the next two seasons between Double-A and Triple-A in their organization before his playing career ended following the 1986 season at age 32.
Post-playing career.
White Sox organization.
During his final two seasons in the minors, Foley served as a player-coach. In 1987, he was named manager of the Peninsula White Sox, and in 1988 he was promoted to the High-A Tampa White Sox. That season, he was named Florida State League Manager of the Year after leading Tampa into the playoffs, where they lost in the first round.
In 1989, Foley was again promoted, this time to Triple-A, with yet another new White Sox' affiliate, the Vancouver Canadians of the Pacific Coast League. This time, he led the team to the league championship, defeating the Albuquerque Dukes in the finals. Foley managed the next season at Vancouver as well, but after starting the 1991 season with a 24–39 record, he was replaced by Moe Drabowsky on May 15.
Cubs organization.
Prior to the 1992 season, Foley was hired by the Chicago Cubs to manage their Double-A affiliate, the Charlotte Knights. He managed the team into the playoffs, but lost in the first round. In 1993, he was moved up to the Triple-A Iowa Cubs of the American Association. After finishing the season in first place with an 85–59 record, the I-Cubs won the league championship over the Nashville Sounds -- yet "another" new Triple-A affiliate of the White Sox. In 1994, Foley returned to the majors, serving as the Cubs' bullpen coach.
Orioles organization.
Following the 1994 season, Foley moved on to the Baltimore Orioles organization, and once again was managing in the minor leagues. He started out the 1995 season with the Triple-A Rochester Red Wings of the International League, and the team made the playoffs in each of Foley's first three seasons as manager.
In 1997, Foley would achieve what no other minor league manager has achieved before or since when the Red Wings won the International League championship, winning in the finals over the Columbus Clippers. That gave Foley championships in all three major Triple-A leagues, to date the only manager to do so. This feat will be difficult to replicate, as the American Association ceased to exist after the 1997 season.
Foley managed the Red Wings again in 1998, but the team finished in fourth place, out of the playoffs. In 1999, Foley had his second stint as a coach in the majors, coaching at first base for the Orioles. He returned to manage Rochester in 2000, this time finishing fifth, before spending a season as the Orioles' roving minor league catching instructor.
Rockies organization.
After being let go by the Orioles, Foley spent a season in the independent leagues, managing the Newark Bears of the Atlantic League in 2002, guiding the team to the league championship. He was hired by the Colorado Rockies to manage their Double-A team, the Tulsa Drillers, prior to the 2003 season. After one season in Tulsa, he managed the next two seasons for the Triple-A Colorado Springs Sky Sox. Since 2006, Foley has served as the Rockies' minor league catching coordinator.

</doc>
<doc id="20214633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214633" title="Almire Gandonnière">
Almire Gandonnière

Almire Gandonnière (Loué, Sarthe, France, 3 August 1814 – ) was a French writer, remembered today only as the collaborator with Hector Berlioz of the libretto for "La Damnation de Faust" (1846), which was based on the translation of Goethe's masterpiece by Gérard de Nerval. Gandonnière, under various pseudonyms, published satires, verses and occasional critical essays in the Paris press.

</doc>
<doc id="20214678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214678" title="Dar al-Magana">
Dar al-Magana

Dar al-Magana (Arabic for "clockhouse") is a house in Fes, Morocco, built by the Marinid Sultan Abu Inan Faris which holds a weight-powered water clock. The muwaqqit Abou al-Hassan Ibn Ali Ahmed Tlemsani was responsible for building the clock, which was finished on 6 May 1357. The Dar al-Magana is opposite the Bou Inania Madrasa and connected to this school.
The clock consists of 13 windows and platforms carrying brass bowls. The motion of the clock was presumably maintained by a kind of small cart which ran from left to right behind the twelve doors. At one end, the cart was attached to a rope with a hanging weight; at the other end to a rope with a weight that floated on the surface of a water reservoir that was drained at a regular pace. Each hour one of the doors opened; at the same time a metal ball was dropped into one of the twelve brass bowls. The rafters sticking out of the building above the doors (identical to the rafters of the Bou Inania Madrasa) supported a small roof to shield the doors and bowls. 
The bowls have been removed since 2004 and the clock mechanism is presently being reconstructed by ADER, a foundation for the reconstruction of monuments in Fes.

</doc>
<doc id="20214743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214743" title="Jeff Lieberman">
Jeff Lieberman

Jeff Lieberman (born 1947) is an American film director and writer.
His films include:

</doc>
<doc id="20214756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214756" title="Picnic on the Grass">
Picnic on the Grass

Picnic on the Grass (French: "Le Déjeuner sur l'herbe") is a 1959 film directed by Jean Renoir. It shares a title with the painting by Édouard Manet.
Reception.
The film was named to year-end top ten lists by Andrew SarrisJean-Luc Godard[http://alumnus.caltech.edu/~ejohnson/critics/godard.html, Jacques Rivetteand François Truffaut[http://jdcopp.blogspot.com/2006/09/franois-truffaut-10-best-films-from.html.

</doc>
<doc id="20214764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214764" title="Metropolitan Police Traffic Criminal Justice Unit">
Metropolitan Police Traffic Criminal Justice Unit

The Traffic Criminal Justice Unit is an Operational Command Unit of the London Metropolitan Police, separate from the Traffic Operational Command Unit. The unit deals with all Met traffic prosecutions involving summonses. It also processes all fixed-penalty notices and penalty notices for disorder and runs safety-camera enforcement with the London Safety Camera Partnership.
History.
In 2002 the Traffic Criminal Justice Unit was created. Primarily dealing with the processing of fixed penalties at that time, it has since developed into a fully functioning traffic prosecutions and collision investigation unit.
The unit’s current primary role is to provide a criminal justice function for all MPS (Metropolitan Police Service) traffic prosecutions involving summonses and investigating collisions, carrying out the work previously done by Borough traffic process units.
Role.
There are six units within the TCJU.
Traffic criminal justice.
Provides a Criminal Justice Unit function, which is the investigation of traffic collisions, helping victims of Road Collisions and supporting any witnesses for all Met traffic prosecutions. When the evidence is collected and reviewed they then arrange for the summons to be issued.
Regional Criminal Justice Units and Serious Casework Unit.
Responsible for over 100,000 traffic prosecutions each year and the investigation of fatal and serious personal injury collisions. The Serious Casework Unit also investigates police collisions.
Parking and driver liability fixed penalty notices.
Process all MPS fixed penalty notices for a broad range of traffic offences, such as obstruction, vehicle defects, speeding, no insurance and using a mobile phone whilst driving.
Penalty Notices for Disorder.
Process all MPS penalty notices for disorder; these cover offences such as ‘drunk and disorderly’, minor criminal damage and more serious offences such as ‘causing harassment, alarm or distress’.
Safety Camera enforcement.
Responsible for all stages of the operation of speed cameras and red light cameras from deployment to prosecution. About 360,00 offences are processed each year with most of those being dealt with by fixed penalties, although recently the LCSP has offered Safety Awareness Courses as an alternative to more minor offenders.
Warrant Unit.
Following the non-appearance of defendants at court, arrest warrants are sometimes issued for the defendant to be brought before the court. This information is circulated to all Met officers by the warrant team. They also maintain a database of all persons disqualified from driving by the courts.

</doc>
<doc id="20214770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214770" title="Lathaniel Rowe-Turner">
Lathaniel Rowe-Turner

Lathaniel Alanzo Rowe-Turner (born 12 November 1989 in Leicester, England) is an English footballer who is contracted to Luton Town.
Career.
Leicester City.
Rowe-Turner started his career in the Leicester City youth academy alongside the likes of Joe Mattock, Ashley Chambers, Andy King, James Wesolowski and Max Gradel where he was a member of the side that won the 2006–07 FA Premier Youth League Group B.
In the build up to the 2007–08 season he was promoted to the first team squad by then manager Martin Allen, however he never made a first team appearance as Leicester were relegated from the Championship.
On 16 October 2008, Rowe-Turner joined Cheltenham Town on loan for a month, linking up again with former Leicester manager Martin Allen. He made his first ever debut in a 2–0 away defeat to Tranmere Rovers on 21 October 2008, playing the entire match. It was his only appearance for the club before returning to Leicester.
On 23 February 2009, Rowe-Turner joined Redditch United on loan for a month.
On 18 September 2009, Rowe-Turner joined King's Lynn on a one month loan. The deal was extended for a further month on 18 November 2009.
Torquay United.
On 1 February 2010 Rowe-Turner joined League Two side Torquay United for an undisclosed fee. On 21 May 2012 Rowe-Turner was released by Torquay after spending two years at the club, in which he made 42 appearances and scored one goal.
Luton Town.
On 2 July 2012, he joined Conference Premier side Luton Town, linking back up with manager Paul Buckle who had worked with Rowe-Turner at Torquay United. Buckle left the club in February 2013 and his replacement John Still placed Rowe-Turner on the transfer list two months later. Rowe-Turner ended the 2012–13 season with 48 appearances for the club in all competitions, including playing in Luton's 1–0 FA Cup victory over Premier League side Norwich City. He went on trial at League Two Burton Albion before the 2013–14 season, but was not offered a contract. 
On 2 September 2013, transfer deadline day, he joined Conference Premier club Alfreton Town on loan until January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="20214776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214776" title="Tango (Julio Iglesias album)">
Tango (Julio Iglesias album)

Tango is a studio album released by Spanish singer Julio Iglesias on November 19, 1996. This album became his first number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums and the recipient of a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album.
Julio went on to win a World Music Award for "Tango" in the summer of 1996 when he was up against Luis Miguel and son Enrique.
Tracklisting.
The information from Billboard.

</doc>
<doc id="20214810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214810" title="Richard Nixon judicial appointment controversies">
Richard Nixon judicial appointment controversies

During President Richard Nixon's presidency, federal judicial appointments played a central role. Nixon appointed four individuals to the Supreme Court of the United States in just over five and a half years.
In 1969 President Richard Nixon nominated Warren E. Burger to be the new Chief Justice of the United States after the retirement of Earl Warren. Burger was quickly confirmed. However, when in the same year, he nominated Clement Haynsworth for a vacancy created by the resignation of Abe Fortas, controversy ensued. Haynsworth was rejected by the United States Senate. In 1970 Nixon nominated G. Harrold Carswell, who also was rejected by the Senate. Nixon then nominated Harry Blackmun, who was confirmed.
Nixon was shortly afterward faced with two new vacancies on the high bench due to the retirements of John Marshall Harlan and Hugo Black in 1971. 
In spite of the rejections of Haynesworth and Carswell, Nixon announced that he would nominate Hershel Friday and Mildred Lillie to the high bench. Neither was well regarded. Friday was a former member of the American Bar Association House of Delegates; Lillie was then a little-known judge on an intermediate state appellate court in California. After the ABA reported both Friday and Lillie as "unqualified", Nixon nominated Lewis Powell and William H. Rehnquist for the vacancies instead, and both were confirmed.
At the appellate level, Nixon formally nominated one person, Charles A. Bane, for a federal appellate judgeship who was never confirmed. Nixon withdrew Bane's nomination on October 22, 1969 after controversies involving a tax case and allegations of anti-semitism. Nixon wound up filling that seat with another nominee. Nixon also considered other appeals court nominees whom he never wound up nominating.
Others who were considered for nomination.
During Nixon's second term, his administration considered appointing then-Deputy Solicitor General Jewel Lafontant to an unspecified federal appeals court judgeship (likely on the Seventh Circuit in her home city of Chicago). Lafontant would have been the first African-American woman to serve on a federal appeals court. However, the American Bar Association's Committee on Federal Judiciary rated Lafontant as "unqualified," even though she held a law degree from the University of Chicago Law School and had worked in government since 1969. As a result of the "unqualified" rating, the Nixon administration dropped Lafontant from consideration.

</doc>
<doc id="20214823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214823" title="Gabriel (Najoua Belyzel song)">
Gabriel (Najoua Belyzel song)

"Gabriel" is a 2005 song recorded by French artist Najoua Belyzel. It was her debut single from her album "Entre deux mondes... en équilibre", on which it is the sixth track, and was released in November 2005. It achieved great success in Belgium (Wallonia) where it topped the chart, and in France. To date, it is Belyzel's most successful single in terms of peak positions and sales and can be deemed as her signature song.
Song information.
The music, written by Najoua Mazouri and composed by Christophe Casanave, is a mixture of pop and electronica. The style of voice is between Cranberries' singer Dolores O'Riordan (a little hoarse at times) and Mylène Farmer (rise in acute notes and singing on the breath). The lyrics are poetic ("Que ton âme se jette à l'eau dans mon corps océan", "Zéphyr"...) and there are several play on words ("Gabriel, s'attend (Satan) à plus qu'un sentiment...", "Qu'il en soit ainsi ("Ainsi soit-il (Amen)", ...).
The phrase "Es-tu fait pour lui, es-tu fait pour moi ?" was interpreted as a choice between love (spiritual) of God ("Him") or that (physical) of a deadly human (a non shared love), but it has often been incorrectly interpreted as a hesitation in a choice of sexual orientation (gay / bi or hetero).
In France, the song had a long chart trajectory. It started at number 35 on 26 November 2005, then sometimes climbed, sometimes dropped. It entered the top ten in its eleventh week and stayed in it for 17 consecutive weeks, including a peak at number three for two weeks. The song dropped slowly and totaled 36 weeks in the top 50 and 40 weeks on the chart (top 100).

</doc>
<doc id="20214844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214844" title="Epitonium scalare">
Epitonium scalare

Epitonium scalare, common name the precious wentletrap, is a predatory or ectoparasitic species of marine gastropod with an operculum, in the family Epitoniidae, the wentletraps. 
In the 17th and 18th century this was once considered to be a very rare shell and specimens changed hands for large sums of money. Johan de la Faille and Cosimo III de' Medici owned a wentletrap. 
Distribution.
This species is distributed in the Red Sea, in the Indian Ocean along Madagascar and South Africa, in the South West Pacific Ocean and along Fiji Islands and Japan.
Shell description.
Adult shells of this species attain a length of between 25 mm to 72 mm.
Many "Epitonium" species have shells that are very attractive and quite interesting in their structure. However this species is particularly striking, partly because it is very large compared with the great majority of other species within the genus, but also because the whorls themselves do not touch and so the shell is held together only by the well-developed ribs or costae.
Further reading.
Dance, S. Peter, 1969, "Rare Shells", University of California Press.128 p, 24 color plates, ISBN 0571082173 / 9780571082179 / 0-571-08217-3

</doc>
<doc id="20214847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214847" title="The Fray (album)">
The Fray (album)

The Fray is the second studio album by The Fray. Released on February 3, 2009, through Epic Records, the album debuted at number-one on the Billboard 200 chart, and became a top 5 hit in Australia and Canada.
The album was preceded by the single "You Found Me," which charted in the top ten on the Billboard Hot 100 and reached the number-one spot in Australia. The second single from the album, "Never Say Never," was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals in 2010. "Never Say Never" was also included on "".
Critical reception was mixed, and less positive than the band's debut album, "How to Save a Life", with critics pointing out that the album was too similar to its predecessor. However, positive reviews also noted that despite the similarities, "The Fray" was "more focused" and "consistent" than the debut album. The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album and has been certified gold in the United States, Canada and Australia.
Background.
Following the success of their debut album, "How to Save a Life" in 2005 and an extensive tour which ended by mid-2007, The Fray began work on their second album. The band occasionally took breaks from recording, and performed some of their new songs on a few high-profile shows, most notably the song "You Found Me", which was then titled "Amistad". The band finished recording the self-titled album at the end of July 2008 for an early 2009 release. The album was produced by Aaron Johnson and Mike Flynn (the same production duo from the band's debut album) and recorded by Warren Huart. The song "Amistad" went through several changes and finally evolved into "You Found Me", which was chosen as the album's lead single. The band filmed a music video in Chicago for the song, which was directed by Josh Forbes.
The single debuted on November 20, during a commercial break of the show "Grey's Anatomy". It was a one-minute promo with scenes from the then-upcoming season of ABC's "Lost". "You Found Me" received heavy airplay in the United States, and became their third song the chart in the top ten on the Billboard Hot 100. It also became a success internationally, most notably in Australia where it reached number-one. The band performed the song live at the 2008 American Music Awards on November 23, and began touring in support of their second album.
On November 21, 2008, the album was made available for pre-order in standard, vinyl and deluxe versions. The deluxe version contains the CD in a Digipack case, a bonus DVD, an extended booklet and a set of postcards. The deluxe version of the album was only available for order in the United States. A documentary, titled "Fair Fight", was sold with the first 300,000 copies of the album.
The band shot acoustic video performances of some of the songs from the album which were circulated on the internet before the album's release. Some songs of the album were also featured on a few TV shows: "Never Say Never" was on an episode of "One Tree Hill" as well as on the season five finale of "Grey's Anatomy". The song "Happiness" was played on an episode of "Brothers and Sisters." The second track on the album, "Absolute", charted on the Billboard Hot 100 at number 70, on the strength of a large number of digital downloads, despite not being released as a single.,
Commercial Performance.
"The Fray" was released on February 3, 2009. Following the success of "You Found Me", the album debuted at number 1 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200, selling 179,000 copies in its first week of release. It then dropped to number 4 the next week selling 75,000 copies. The album re-entered the Billboard 200 at No. 96 chart on the week ending March 7, 2010, and dropped out in the following week., According to Soundscan, as of February 2012, the album has sold 897,000 copies in the U.S.
Track listing.
"Enough for Now" (Acoustic Version)
Critical reception.
So far, the album has received a score of 56 out of 100 from Metacritic based on "mixed or average reviews". "Rolling Stone" stated that "The band's piano rock suggests a more earnest, less arty Coldplay. The Fray are going for introspection and dramatic sweep but don't rise above bland pleasantries." An "Entertainment Weekly" review stated, ""The Fray" is all blah, all the time: more minor-key melodies, more dreary tempos, more of singer-pianist Isaac Slade's spiceless sore-throat croon." Allmusic, whilst giving the album a modestly positive review, echoed many of these statements, saying that the "songcraft remains virtually unchanged" and that the album lacks any "purported originality." BBC Music too gave the album an overall positive review, stating "there are enough haunting hooks and delicately well written tunes here".
Absolute Punk criticized the negative reviews, "For what it's worth, the Denver quintet has released a charming, appealing record that would be far more praiseworthy if it didn't sound so much like its predecessor...it may be an album a lot like its predecessor, but that isn't exactly a bad thing." "Uncut" gave the album a score of 4 out of 5 stars, stating the album was "not only a radio-friendly unit-shifter, but also a bona fide guilty pleasure."

</doc>
<doc id="20214852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214852" title="Live in the UK (House of Lords album)">
Live in the UK (House of Lords album)

Live in the UK is the first live album by House of Lords, released on January 29, 2007.
The album was recorded during the band's last tour with the original reunited line up in 2005, on November 26, 2005 in Nottingham, England. It is the band's last recording with the original line-up (excluding keyboardist and founding member Gregg Giuffria who had no part in the 2000 reunion).

</doc>
<doc id="20214864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214864" title="Ştefan Gheorghiu">
Ştefan Gheorghiu

Ştefan Gheorghiu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20214916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214916" title="Another Mother for Peace">
Another Mother for Peace

Another Mother for Peace (AMP) is a grass-roots anti-war advocacy group founded in 1967 in opposition to the U.S. war in Vietnam. The association is “dedicated to eliminating the use of war as a means of solving disputes among nations, people and ideologies. To accomplish this, we seek to educate citizens to take an active role in opposing war and building peace.” 
Origins.
The inspiration for Another Mother for Peace came out of a child's first birthday in 1967. Barbara Avedon, a former writer for "The Donna Reed Show" who would later co-create the series "Cagney and Lacey", had invited friends to her southern California home to celebrate the birthday of her son, Josh. Opposed to U.S. military involvement in Vietnam, Avedon expressed her fear that she could be raising her son only to send him off to war. She and others present agreed that they wanted to take some action. 
In February or March, 1967, 15 women met in Avedon’s living room to talk about ways they could work together to help bring an end to the war. “We wanted to… communicate our horror and disgust to our elected representatives in one concerted action,” Avedon later wrote. “We were not ‘bearded, sandaled youths,’ ‘wild-eyed radicals’ or dyed in the wool ‘old line freedom fighters’ and we wanted the Congress to know that they were dealing with an awakening and enraged middle class.” 
AMP’s first action was a Mother's Day campaign in opposition to the Vietnam War. Their plan was to send then-President Lyndon B. Johnson and members of Congress Mother's Day cards expressing their yearning for peace. 
Los Angeles artist Lorraine Art Schneider donated the use of a striking illustration for the Mother's Day peace cards--a sunflower on yellow background amid the slogan “War is not healthy for children and other living things.” 
The Mother's Day card featured Schneider’s sunflower design on the front. Inside was this text: 
For my Mother's Day gift this year,I don't want candy or flowers.I want an end to killing.
We who have given lifemust be dedicated to preserving it.
Please talk peace. 
The yellow-and-black logo proved instantly popular. The initial printing of 1000 cards soon sold out By the end of May 1967, 200,000 of the Mother's Day cards had been sold. Members of Congress were “flooded” with cards, and Senator J. William Fulbright was photographed at his desk among piles of the AMP cards. l The logo was also used in jewelry, posters, pamphlets, bumper stickers and other items. The distinctive calligraphy associated with AMP materials was produced by in-house designer Gerta Katz.
AMP's Vietnam War-era activities.
AMP’s founding mission was "to educate women to take an active role in eliminating war as a means of solving disputes between nations, people and ideologies." Through its newsletters, AMP gave “peace homework” to its members, offering concrete ideas for action against the war and war in general. AMP opposed anti-ballistic missiles (ABMs), chemical warfare, biological warfare and multiple independently targetable reentry vehicles (MIRVs), which contained multiple warheads on a single missile cone, thereby evading SALT limitations. Revenues from the sale of items imprinted with the sunflower logo supported AMP’s Invest in Peace fund; the fund supported congressmen who advocated for withdrawal from Vietnam and who opposed ABMs and MIRVs. AMP sought to demonstrate a link between U.S. war policy and oil interests, and pushed for investigation into U.S. oil leases off the coast of Vietnam. In 1971, co-chairmen Barbara Avedon and Dorothy B. Jones testified before the U.S. House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee in opposition to the military budget. 
AMP advocated for a U.S. Department of Peace that would examine nonmilitary alternatives to conflict resolution. The group published a 56-page pamphlet by political scientist Frederick L. Schuman in support of House and Senate bills introduced in the 91st Congress, 1st Session (1969) proposing a cabinet level Department of Peace. The proposed department would train citizens for public service, invest in anti-poverty programs abroad, and assume management of certain agencies such as the Agency for International Development, the Peace Corps, the International Agricultural Development Service of the Department of Agriculture, and others. Schuman argued that the Department of State’s mission was to advance U.S. national interests, not to plan for peace, and “eople get what they plan for…” Schuman traced the idea for an American peace agency to Benjamin Banneker's Almanack of 1793.
In its June 1970 newsletter, AMP launched a letter writing campaign targeting eight weapons manufacturers who also sold goods in the consumer market. The newsletter provided names and addresses for the presidents and board chairmen of the following eight corporations: Bulova Watch, Honeywell, General Electric, Westinghouse, Motorola, Whirlpool, General Motors and Dow Chemical. “Let's tell them where we're really at! … We represent a lot of toasters - a lot of dollars - a lot of public opinion….” AMP’s newsletter said. The campaign’s purpose was to pressure the manufacturers into ending their participation in the war industry by threatening to boycott their consumer products if they did not. According to a 1972 article analyzing the campaign, it was not effective because too few messages reached the target companies, and the targets were so numerous “that no one target was strongly affected by the campaign.” 
At a Mother's Day Assembly in Los Angeles in May 1969, AMP introduced The Pax Materna--“a permanent, irrevocable…understanding among mothers of the world:” 
I join with my sisters in every land
In The Pax Materna—
A permanent declaration of peace
That transcends our ideological differences. 
In the nuclear shadow, war is obsolete.
I will no longer suffer it in silence
Nor sustain it by complicity. 
They shall not send my son
To fight another mother’s son. 
For now, forever, there is no mother 
Who is an enemy to another mother.
During the Vietnam war the AMP newsletter was sent to between 130,000 and 400,000 homes yearly. The organization produced two films: "You Don’t Have to Buy War, Mrs. Smith" and "Another Family for Peace." Paul Newman, Donna Reed, Debbie Reynolds and other celebrities made public appearances on behalf of AMP. 
AMP became less active as U.S. involvement in Vietnam declined. Though most activity had ceased by 1979, the AMP newsletter was published until 1985, at which time the office was closed. Another Mother for Peace's records from the organization's birth to 1985 have been in the care of the Swarthmore College Peace Collection, Swarthmore, Pennsylvania, since 1986.
Notable members and supporters.
Another Mother for Peace enjoyed active support from a number of well-known personalities. These include former Miss America Bess Myerson; and actors Debbie Reynolds, Joanne Woodward, Paul Newman, Dick van Dyke, Lauren Bacall, Janice Rule, Whitney Blake and Donna Winters Associated Press reporter George Zucker later described visiting the AMP office in the early years: “On the day I visited their rented office in Beverly Hills, actor Robert Vaughn, then star of the TV series, "Man from U.N.C.L.E.", sat at a long table stuffing envelopes. Actress Donna Reed worked beside him.” 
Rebirth.
As the United States went to war in the early 21st century, Carol Schneider, daughter of Lorrainne Schneider, and Josh Avedon, son of Barbara Avedon, revived the organization. AMP operates as a not-for-profit, non-partisan, 501(c)(3) organization, offering "peace homework" and distributing educational materials, seeking to engage citizens in pursuing alternatives to armed conflict. Sales of posters and other materials with the sunflower logo support the group's efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="20214929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214929" title="Volusius Venustus">
Volusius Venustus

Volusius Venustus ("floruit" 4th century) was a politician of the Roman Empire.
Biography.
Volusius Venustus set up a monument in the forum of Canosa in honour of Constantine I and his two sons (the fact that only two sons are honoured means that the monument was set up between 317 and 333, less the period between 324 and 326). This monument is a clue that he was from this city in southern Italia; it also marks his office, the one of "corrector Apuliae et Calabriae" (governor of the region corresponding to modern Puglia).
A Venustus is attested in 362, as member of a senatorial legation to Antioch to emperor Julian, who, in this occasion, nominated this Venustus "vicarius Hispaniarum" (362-363). In 370, together with Vettius Agorius Praetextatus and Minervius, he formed a senatorial legation to the Emperor Valentinian I, asking him to avoid torture for those senators involved in trials.
According to a long-standing reconstruction by Otto Seek, the two previous officers were the same person, who is to be identified with the Venustus father of Virius Nicomachus Flavianus and grandfather of Nicomachus Flavianus and maybe another nephew called Venustus. This Venustus was, therefore, related to orator Quintus Aurelius Symmachus (also father-in-law of Flavianus the younger), since he was brother-in-law of Lucius Avianus Symmachus, father of Aurelius.
However, recently this interpretation has been put under discussion. The most-widely accepted reconstruction is that the Venustus "corrector Apuliae et Calabriae" and the "vicarius Hispaniarum" are two different officers; the first, Volusius Venustus, would be a member of the "Ragonii", belonging to the generation between Ragonius Venustus consul in 260 and the Lucius Ragonius Venustus who performed a "taurobolium" in 390; the second, Venustus, might have been Nicomachus' father.

</doc>
<doc id="20214962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214962" title="Al Borde del Deseo">
Al Borde del Deseo

Al Borde del Deseo was a Puerto Rican TV series that was airing in WAPA-TV in Puerto Rico and in United States in WAPA America about the true story of passionate women who share their experiences of love and disaffection in a modern world, struggling to enjoy an economic and professional position similar to that of men. They are women of different social classes, values and lifestyles opposites. Women who go through life trying to find happiness in a drama-laden comedy, that we are unveiling their aspirations, privacy, hopes, and of course their shenanigans. Women, who learn late in her life, to enjoy an independent life, ready to claim, what belongs to them. It is the story of women in common, not trying to be bigger than life itself but on the contrary, reflect the daily life of women working and struggling to achieve something better than what life has led them. Stories of women, torn from life itself. Stories of homes in the conflict, of lies, of fiery passions and above all of that unfortunate habit of human beings: infidelity.
The series finish production and it´s was a total of 26 episodes. The first episode was on October 29, 2008 and the last episode was on May 2, 2009.
Characters.
Sofía is a mature woman, sexy and desired, who's going through the dramatic process of divorce. There has only been only one man in her life, her ex-husband Augusto, but her life has a big surprise in store for her. She owns an art gallery. Her ex-husband, obsessed with her, insists on retaining her at his side. Their children, Diana and Kenny, are what she loves most in her life. Now she will meet Dario, an artist, a dreamer, a great father, but a younger man to whom she will fall in love with, without even imagining. This love, with colors of teenagers, will be hampered by the prejudice and wickedness of Augusto, while at the same time facing the seduction of her own daughter, Diana, who has set her sights on conquering Dario.
Cecilia is a middle class woman, married and apparently happy, but tormented because her husband is a soldier on the War in Iraq. But her life is about to be turned inside out when a forbidden love enters her life. A different love. A love that will test the limits of the strength of her marriage and that will endanger her life and that of her daughters when her husband returns from the war and discovers that her wife's lover is his own sister.
Estela is a retired actress and model who wants to change the life as "living doll" she has at home by returning to television, the media she belonged to before getting married. In her attempt to recover the time lost she will discover that it has not gone in vain and life is demanding its due. She's a sexy and funny woman who apparently is very seductive when the reality is quite the opposite. The extroverted Estela hides a woman repressed and completely faithful. Her world will collapse when her long-awaited television program gets canceled amidst a huge scandal. This, coupled with an empty married life with an unfaithful scoundrel of a husband, will make Estela seek refuge in alcohol.
Nilsa is a woman who's unhappy and tired of her marriage. Her highest aspiration is to have a child. She got married to have children and start a family, but her husband, who also scorns her, has different priorities. Being a passionate and desperate woman, she will seek refuge in an infidelity with a younger man, who workd for a living. She will find a man that will make her feel all the pleasures she longs for, and also give her what she wants the most: a son. The dilemma will present itself when Nilsa must decide who should be the child's father.
Primitiva is a woman of humble origins but determined to climb up the ladder to achieve a better life. Even though she is not good looking, she's smart and crafty. In a relentless struggle, "Primi" will be willing to do anything, even killing, to get what she wants and her cherished love.
Sister of Cecilia's husband, and aunt to their children, she has grown to love her Sister-in-Law to the point that she will take the chance to see how far she can go while her brother fights for his life and country in the Middle East. More than a forbidden love, it is treason against her own flesh and blood, something that could cost all of them very dearly.
Diana is the youngest in the group. Eldest daughter of Sofia, she suffers from a bipolar condition that upsets the lives of her mother Sofia, and all those around her. Without knowing, and afterward without caring, she will become rival to her own mother for the love of one man.
Cast.
Confirmed on PrimeraHora.com and Wapa.tv

</doc>
<doc id="20214964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214964" title="Irving Brown">
Irving Brown

Irving Brown (Bronx, 1911 - Paris, July 14, 1989) was an American trade-unionist, member of the American Federation of Labor (AFL) and then of the AFL-CIO, who played an important role in Western Europe and in Africa, during the Cold War, in supporting splits among trade-unions in order to counter Communist influence. At the same time as Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent, he founded in 1962 the American Institute for Free Labor Development along with former Communist Party of America member and CIA agent Jay Lovestone.
Biography.
Brown was the son of a comrade of Alexander Kerensky, Russian Prime minister following the February Revolution, who had emigrated to the United States after the October Revolution of 1917. Born in Bronx, New York in 1911, he became a boxer before joining a trade union, where he clashed with the Teamsters. He studied at New York University and at the University of Columbia.
As a lieutenant of the US Army, he was charged in 1944 by the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) in works concerning the preparation of Operation Husky (the invasion of Sicily), and then concerning the landing in the south of France, in Provence.
In 1987, Brown received the S. Roger Horchow Award for Greatest Public Service by a Private Citizen, an award given out annually by Jefferson Awards.
Cold War.
He arrived in Paris in November 1945 and organized anti-Communist unions, supporting in particular the creation of the French "Force ouvrière" (FO) union (which he subsidized ) by André Bergeron and Léon Jouhaux, in 1947, and the Italian Confederation of Workers' Trade Unions (CISL), created in 1950. Until 1986, Brown was present at all of the annual congresses of FO. The AFL-CIO's Free Trade Union Committee subsidized FO and other anti-Communist unions in Europe.
In 1949, alongside Jay Lovestone, he supported the spin-off of the International Confederation of Free Trade Unions (ICFTU) from the World Federation of Trade Unions (WFTU). The ICFTU included the AFL-CIO, the British Trades Union Congress, the FO, the Italian Confederation of Workers' Trade Unions and the Spanish Unión General de Trabajadores. Thereafter, the WFTU represented the Eastern Bloc while the ICFTU represented the so-called "free world". As a friend of Averell Harriman, who was in charge of the Marshall Plan, Brown easily diverted funds from the Marshall Plan to support anti-Communist organizations.
The following year, on June 26, 1950, Brown was part of the American delegation at the founding meeting of the Congress for Cultural Freedom in Berlin.
By 1952, his activities were already well known: he was the subject of an article by "Time magazine", titled "The Most Dangerous Man." According to "Time", he was charged of this mission by the AFL Free Trade Union Committee. Brown gave financial support to anti-Communist movements which broke the 1947 strikes in Italy and France. He also helped organize the anti-Communist coalition of free trade unions in Greece, as well as the Mediterranean Port Committee, which wrested control of French, Italian and Greek ports from the Communists. In Marseille, he gave his support to Pierre Ferri-Pisani, a former municipal counsellor.
Established in France, he headed the international relations of the AFL-CIO from his offices at 10, rue de la Paix in Paris. From 1951 to 1954, the CIA division headed by Thomas Braden provided $1 million a year to Brown and Lovestone ($1,600,000 in 1954).
In 1952 he was in Helsinki, supporting the unionists who had decided to vote to quit the World Federation of Trade Unions (WFTU), then mainly composed of Communist unions.
During the Algerian War, he subsidized the Algerian National Movement (MNA), founded by Messali Hadj to oppose the National Liberation Front (FLN).
He also participated, in Chile, to the struggle against Communists during Salvador Allende's presidency. In 1984, he organized demonstrations which accompanied Mikhail Gorbachev's worldwide meetings.
In the 1980s, following the election of the Socialist Party candidate François Mitterrand to the presidency in 1981, while the National Endowment for Democracy (NED) foundation subsidized, alongside the AFL-CIO, the right-wing National Inter-University Union (UNI), Irving Brown considered that "France... is threatened by the Communist apparatus... It is a clear and present danger if the present is thought of as 10 years from now." 
Irving Brown started suffering from serious health problems in 1986. He was decorated by US President Ronald Reagan in 1988 of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, and died the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="20214978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214978" title="Tucson Mavericks">
Tucson Mavericks

The Tucson Mavericks were a minor league professional ice hockey team in the Central Hockey League from 1975 to 1976. 
The team was run by Head coach Adam Keller and General Manager Merle Miller.

</doc>
<doc id="20214985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214985" title="22nd Virginia Infantry">
22nd Virginia Infantry

22nd Virginia Infantry was a Confederate regiment during the American Civil War. Its commander was George S. Patton, the grandfather of World War II General George S. Patton.
Organization.
22nd Infantry Regiment, formerly known as the 1st Kanawha Regiment, was organized and accepted into Confederate service in July 1861. Its members were from the counties of Jackson, Craig, Nicholas, Alleghany, Wyoming, Greenbrier, and Boone.
Service.
The 22nd saw action at Carnifex Ferry and later lost twenty-one percent of the 550 engaged at Droop Mountain. It was assigned to Echols' and Patton's Brigade, participated in the Shenandoah Valley operations, and disbanded during the spring of 1865.

</doc>
<doc id="20214989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214989" title="Come to My Kingdom">
Come to My Kingdom

Come to My Kingdom is the sixth studio album by House of Lords, released on March 17, 2008 in Europe and October 7, 2008 in the US.
The album features the same line-up as the previous album "World Upside Down" and was produced by singer James Christian and Jeff Kent who also co-wrote most all of the album's vocal melodies and lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="20214998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20214998" title="Uncial 0167">
Uncial 0167

Uncial 0167 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 7th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of Mark 4:24-29,37-41; 6:9-11,13-14,37-39,41,45, on 6 parchment leaves (28 cm by 25 cm). Leaves are in fragmentary condition. The text is written in two columns per page, 12 lines per page, in very large uncial letters. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category III. It means it has a lot of allien readings.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th century.
The codex was divided and currently is housed in two places. One of its parts is still housed at the Great Lavra (Δ' 61) in Athos peninsula, the other is housed at the, University of Louvain (Bibliothèque de l'Université, Sect. des Mss., frg. Omont no. 8) at Louvain.
It was described by Henri Omont (no. 8) and Kurt Treu.

</doc>
<doc id="20215016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215016" title="PurchasePro">
PurchasePro

PurchasePro was a business-to-business Internet startup company founded in Las Vegas, Nevada in 1997 by Charles E. "Junior" Johnson, originally to help hotels and casinos pool their purchase power via an online exchange. The company's accounting practices and subsequent bankruptcy became a scandal resulting in criminal charges, convictions, and fines for a number of executives at the company and at AOL.
Business model and early success.
The company's business model was to charge vendors and purchasers a flat monthly fee for use of the site and to take a commission on sales. The business logic was that online purchasing would save hotels money by speeding up the purchasing process for towels, linens, soap and other basic goods. The company went public on the NASDAQ exchange in September 1999 and its stock price doubled in the first day of trading. In 1999 and 2000 the company entered marketing agreements with large Internet companies and business service providers like AOL and Office Depot. At its height, the company had 1,000 employees and a market capitalization of more than $4 billion.
Problems and bankruptcy.
The company was never profitable. Despite heavily-discounted subscription fees and low margins, customers often found that buying goods online was more expensive and less convenient than traditional wholesale purchasing. The company attracted over 140,000 mostly small and medium-sized vendors by making strategic "preferred" deals. Many of these deals involved PurchasePro giving away stock or its partners providing free services, which generated losses for both sides. PurchasePro's stock value began to fall quickly in April, 2001 after it announced that it would fall short of its revenue predictions. Investors began to question the company's accounting practices and the truthfulness of its prior financial claims. Founder and CEO Charles Johnson was forced to resign by PurchasePro's board of directors in May, 2001. The company filed for bankruptcy in September, 2002, and PurchasePro's assets were sold for $2.5 million in January, 2003.
Legal problems and founder's fraud conviction.
In November 2008 a US court found the company had conspired with AOL executives to overstate revenue from software licenses that AOL sold for PurchasePro. The companies inflated the license-sales figures by not reporting that most of these sales were made in exchange for commitments to buy products from the licensees, which hid the fact that only a small fraction of customers ever paid for these licenses. PurchasePro also backdated and forged contracts to meet revenue projections. These accounting deceptions fooled investors into believing PurchasePro had met its sales projections and bolstered its stock price. Overall, revenues were overstated by 37% in the first quarter of 2001. AOL and a number of its executives reached settlements, including payment of a $210 million fine, to avoid criminal and civil prosecution. Johnson and other PurchasePro executives were charged with stock fraud. Johnson's first prosecution ended in a mistrial after his attorneys resigned upon discovering that Johnson was forging email messages to introduce false evidence in his favor. His second trial ended in November, 2008 with a conviction for stock fraud and obstruction of justice and a sentence of 8 years in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="20215023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215023" title="Najat Aatabou">
Najat Aatabou

Najat Aâtabou (Born: Khemisset May 9, 1960) is a Moroccan singer, songwriter and composer. She is perhaps best known for her song "Hadi Kedba Bayna" ("This is an obvious lie") which was sampled by the Chemical Brothers on their song Galvanize.
Early life.
Najat Aâtabou was born into a lower-class family, with five brothers and four sisters. She dreamed of becoming a lawyer, but her life would take a different direction. Singing was her favorite thing to do and she would walk to school every morning singing songs. When she reached the age of thirteen, she would sneak out of her bedroom window and sing at local weddings and school parties for money. At one of these parties, a guest recorded her voice with a tape recorder.
The tape was sold illegally throughout Morocco and the song "J'en ai marre" ("I've had enough of it") became especially popular. Her family soon found out about her singing and did not accept her choice of vocation. Her brothers threatened to kill her if she continued. She was afraid and decided to run away from home. She fled to the local music shop, that being her first choice because "they played music there", as she later said. That very day a coincidence happened. A famous Moroccan music producer walked into the shop, looking for Najat Aâtabou after he had heard the song "J'en ai marre". He asked for her trust and to join him in Casablanca. Having no choice, she left for Casablanca, where she would stay for three years, living with the mother of the music producer. After these three years, her family found her and they made up.
Career.
As a song writer and singer of the Moroccan Chanson, she told the story of the modern Moroccan woman and tried to improve feminism within Morocco. In 1992, she scored her biggest hit, "Hedi Kedba Bayna" which was extremely popular throughout the whole Arab world, Spain and France. Hedi Kedba Bayna is about a woman whose husband is cheating on her. The title literally means "This lie is obvious". Another song "Shoufi Ghirou", is about women who are in a relationship with married men, while in Morocco it is illegal to have such a relationship. Her songs have evoked social and political discussion in Morocco and improved a lot on the area of feminism.
She is also one of the subjects of the film Morocco Swings about two generations of Moroccan singers.
Personal life.
Najat Aâtabou is married to Moroccan music producer Hassan Dikouk and has three children. She currently resides in a chalet in the south of France and still records songs.

</doc>
<doc id="20215030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215030" title="Anti-nuclear groups in the United States">
Anti-nuclear groups in the United States

More than eighty anti-nuclear groups are operating, or have operated, in the United States. These include: Abalone Alliance, Clamshell Alliance, Greenpeace USA, Institute for Energy and Environmental Research, Musicians United for Safe Energy, Nevada Desert Experience, Nuclear Control Institute, Nuclear Information and Resource Service, Public Citizen Energy Program, Shad Alliance, and the Sierra Club. These are direct action, environmental, health, and public interest organizations who oppose nuclear weapons and/or nuclear power. In 1992, the chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission said that "his agency had been pushed in the right direction on safety issues because of the pleas and protests of nuclear watchdog groups". 
Some of the most influential groups in the anti-nuclear movement have had members who included Nobel Laureates (e.g., Linus Pauling, Hermann Joseph Muller) and many nuclear physicists. These scientists have belonged primarily to three groups: the Union of Concerned Scientists, the Federation of American Scientists, and the Committee for Nuclear Responsibility.
Specific groups.
Groups include:

</doc>
<doc id="20215044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215044" title="Dzau district">
Dzau district

Dzau district (, , ) is a district in South Ossetia. According to administrative division of Georgia, Dzau district is situated in the whole territory of Java municipality, and part of Oni municipality and Sachkhere municipality of Georgia.
Roki tunnel, Mamison Pass, Transcaucasian Highway, Ossetian Military Road and the lake Ertso are located in the district.
The largest town is Java (Dzau), the second largest town is Kvaisa located in the western part of the district.

</doc>
<doc id="20215085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215085" title="Kim Olsen">
Kim Olsen

Kim Olsen (born 11 February 1979) is a retired Danish football forward.
Career.
Kim Olsen started his career in Ikast FS before moving on to Holstebro BK and then to FC Midtjylland and played with them in the top Danish league, he then got the attention of English football club Sheffield Wednesday and he then joined the club in 2004, however his time in England was far from successful, shortly after signing for the club, coach Chris Turner was fired and the new manager made it clear for Kim that he was not in the clubs plans for the future. In October Kim and the club came to a mutual agreement to let him leave before the end of his contract ended, he then returned to Denmark and signed for Silkeborg IF. His time in Silkeborg was interrupted several times by injuries, during the summer of 2008 he was loaned out to Swedish club Örebro SK. The loan became such a success for both club and Kim, that they decided to make it a permanent move. So in November 2008 Kim signed a 3-years contract with Örebro SK. Due personal reasons Olsen sent in a transfer request to the club, saying he needed to move back to Denmark because of his family situation. On 13 June 2010, the club announced they had sold Olsen to the Danish side of Vejle BK.

</doc>
<doc id="20215088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215088" title="Manchester Climate Fortnightly">
Manchester Climate Fortnightly

Manchester Climate Fortnightly is a fortnightly digest of local, national and global climate news and campaign group activity based in Manchester, England. It aims to contribute to the fight against climate change by filling, what the editors describe, as a local media deficit on the issue. The newsletter aims to network local green groups, arm them with the latest climate change science, hold local influential forces to account and provide an accessible source of information for individuals who are curious about climate change campaigning in Manchester.
Origins.
Manchester Climate Fortnightly was born of the project Manchester Climate Forum. The first issue came out on June 23 2008.
Format.
The newsletter is primarily distributed on-line, but is also available physically. One of the spin-offs of Manchester Climate Fortnightly has been the Only Planet book, a collection of articles and information on climate change, how it will affect Manchester and who is campaigning on it.
Content.
Each issue includes a list of local upcoming environmental events, a news digest for local, national and global news related to climate change, a summary of the latest 'scary science' on climate change, and at least one article investigating a current local issue. Many of the main articles have involved holding the City Council to account on their environmental promises, for example, Issue 3 appealed for the Council to release its delayed Climate Change Strategy.

</doc>
<doc id="20215090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215090" title="Dan Power">
Dan Power

Dan Power (Born 1983, Brisbane, Australia) is currently a free agent in the NFL and is a former American rugby union footballer for the USA Eagles.
Rugby career.
He was a member of AS Carcassonne in the French Elite 1 League before joining the New York Athletic Clubs (NYAC) Rugby team that plays in the American Rugby Super League (RSL). He finished the 2009 season as the second highest points scorer in the competition and a unanimous choice as the leagues best fullback. He made his debut for the USA Eagles in 2009 against Argentina and was in the player pool for the USA Eagles men's Rugby team for the 2011 World Cup in New Zealand.
NFL career.
Power retired from Rugby to pursue a career in the NFL as punter.

</doc>
<doc id="20215105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215105" title="Anthology (House of Lords album)">
Anthology (House of Lords album)

Anthology is a compilation of rare demos and live recordings by House of Lords, released on October 14, 2008.
The album was mixed and produced by the band's original drummer Ken Mary.

</doc>
<doc id="20215131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215131" title="Henry Bull House">
Henry Bull House

Governor Henry Bull House, in Newport, Rhode Island was allegedly the oldest house in Rhode Island with parts of the house dating to 1639. It was destroyed by fire in December 1912.
The Henry Bull house was located on the eastern side of Spring Street in Newport near modern day Bull Street and Broadway. According to turn of the twentieth century research by Norman Isham, the back part of the stone house was built around 1639 by Henry Bull, a Quaker leader and one of the original settlers of Portsmouth and Newport. Bull served as a colonial militia officer and jail keeper. The original Newport jail may have been part of the house. Henry Bull died at the house in 1694 and was the last survivor of the original founders of Rhode Island. Large modifications were made to the house in later decades. Henry's son, Jireh Bull constructed a large fortified house in South Kingstown, Rhode Island which was demolished during King Phillip's War. A fire burned and destroyed the Henry Bull House on December 29, 1912. 

</doc>
<doc id="20215148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215148" title="List of Doctor Who music releases">
List of Doctor Who music releases

This is a list of music releases from and relating to the BBC television series "Doctor Who". It is split into two sections: One for soundtracks of music from the show and its spinoffs, and one for music relating to the series, mainly novelty or tribute records.
__TOC__
Soundtrack music.
There have been several LP and CD releases of music and sound effects over the years from the BBC television series "Doctor Who" by the BBC Radiophonic Workshop, freelance composers, and stock music
Spinoffs.
Big Finish.
Music from the Big Finish range of audios.
Related music releases.
Over the years, there have been music releases that did not feature in the series, but are related to "Doctor Who", ranging from novelty spoofs to tributes to the series.

</doc>
<doc id="20215169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215169" title="R412 road (Ireland)">
R412 road (Ireland)

The R412 road is a regional road in Ireland, which runs north-south from the R448 in County Kildare to the N81 in County Wicklow. En route is passes through the town of Dunlavin where it is joined by the road from Glendalough which crosses over the Wicklow Gap. 
The route is long.

</doc>
<doc id="20215176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215176" title="Akpeteshie">
Akpeteshie

Akpeteshie is a homebrewed alcoholic spirit produced in Ghana and other West African nations by distilling palm wine or sugar cane juice. Other names for this drink include apio, ogogoro (in Nigeria), sodabi, keley, "hot" or "hot drink" and "kutukù" (in Nzema). Use of this high-proof spirit is increasing in West Africa, as is the concern over the social and public health problem increased use might entail.
History and origins.
Before the advent of European colonization of what is today Ghana, the Anlo brewed a local gin also known as "kpótomenui," meaning "something hidden in a coconut mat fence."
With British colonization of what became known as the Gold Coast, such local brewing was outlawed in the early 1930s. According to a 1996 interview with S.S. Dotse about his life under British colonial rule: "Our contention was that the drink the white man brought is the same as ours. The white men's contention was that ours was too strong...Before the white men came we were using akpeteshie. But when they came they banned it, probably because they wanted to make sales on their own liquor. And so we were calling it kpótomenui. When you had a visitor whom you knew very well, then you ordered that kpótomenui be brought. This is akpeteshie, but it was never referred to by name."
The name "akpeteshie" was given to the drink with its prohibition: the word comes from the Ga language spoken in greater Accra and means "they are hiding," referring to the secretive way in which non-European inhabitants were forced to consume the beverage. Despite being outlawed, Illicit spirits remained commonplace, with reports that even schoolboys were able to easily obtain akpeteshei through the 1930s. Demand for akpeteshie and the profits to be made from its sale was enough to encourage the spread of sugar cane cultivation in the Anlo region of Ghana.
Distillation was legalized with decolonization and Ghanaian independence. The first factory was established in the Volta Region, taking advantage of the area's supply of sugar cane plantations.
Brewing.
Akpeteshie is generally distilled from palm wine, Raffia palm wine, or sugarcane. This sweetened liquid or wine is first fermented in a large barrels, sometimes with the help of yeast. After this first stage of fermentation, fires are built under the barrels in order to bring the liquid to a boil and pass the resulting vapor through a copper pipe within cooling barrels, where it condenses and drips into sieved jars. The boiled juice then undergoes a second stage of fermentation. The resulting spirit is between 40 and 50% alcohol by volume.
Packaging and consumption.
Akpeteshie is not professionally bottled or sealed, but instead poured into unlabeled used bottles. The spirit can be bought wholesale from a brewer or by the glass at boutiques and bars. Although not professionally advertised, the drink is very popular. This is partially due to its price, which is lower than that of other professionally bottled or imported drinks. It's relative inexpensive makes it a drink associated more with the poor, but even those who can afford better quality are said to consume the spirit in secret.
The potency of the liquor heavily affects the bodily senses, providing a feeling likened to that of a knockout punch. Practiced drinkers can be seen acknowledging receipt by blowing out air or pounding their chest.
Health.
Medical practitioners have been critical of the drink's high concentration of alcohol, particularly the damage it can cause the liver and the risk of alcoholism.

</doc>
<doc id="20215188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215188" title="John Skehel">
John Skehel

__NOTOC__
Sir John James Skehel, FRS (born 27 February 1941) is a British virologist. He was born in Blackburn to Joseph and Annie Skehel in 1941, and was educated at St. Mary's College, Blackburn before being accepted to the University of Aberystwyth for a BSc in agricultural biochemistry. He was elected as Biological Secretary of the Royal Society in July 2013 and will take up the position on 20 November 2013.
Soon after graduating he married Anita Varley, with whom he has two sons. He moved to study at the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology, completing his PhD in biochemistry in 1966 and moving to the University of Aberdeen for research, continuing it at Duke University.
In 1969 he returned to Britain and began work at the National Institute for Medical Research on the influenza virus. In 1984 he was made head of the virology division, followed by a promotion in 1987 to director of the Institute. He was director of the World Health Organisation (WHO)'s Collaborating Centre for Reference and Research on Influenza from 1975 to 1993.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1984. He was awarded the Wilhelm Feldberg Prize in 1986, the Robert Koch Prize in 1987, the Louis Jeantet Prix de Medecin in 1988, the ICN International Prize in Virology in 1992, knighted in 1996 and the Royal Medal in 2003 for "his pioneering research into virology".
His studies and discoveries in the mechanisms by which influenza virus binds to the host cell, and in virus-cell membrane fusion have had a fundamental impact on the field.' He was made an honorary professor of Liverpool John Moores University in 1993 and given an honorary degree in 2007. In 2004 he was also given an honorary degree from University College London.

</doc>
<doc id="20215234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215234" title="James W. McMillan">
James W. McMillan

James Winning McMillan (April 28, 1825 – March 9, 1903) was an American soldier who fought during the Mexican–American War and served as a Union Army general during the American Civil War.
Early life and career.
McMillan was born in 1825 in Clark County, Kentucky, and moved quite a bit throughout his early life. McMillan was in Illinois in 1846, and volunteered for service during the Mexican–American War. By June 20 he was a sergeant in the 4th Illinois Infantry Regiment, and was discharged on October 13. Afterwards in 1848, McMillan enlisted as a private in the 3rd Battalion of the Louisiana Infantry on April 29, and he was discharged on July 13. After hostilities ended, McMillan moved to Indiana, where he engaged in various businesses all over the state.
Civil War service.
When the American Civil War began in 1861, McMillan chose to follow the Union cause. The 21st Indiana Infantry was raised in Indianapolis, and McMillan was appointed its colonel on July 24. The regiment participated in Maj. Gen. Benjamin F. Butler's Union occupation of New Orleans in early 1862. His regiment then helped to successfully defend Baton Rouge on August 5 from attacks by Confederate forces commanded by Maj. Gen. John C. Breckinridge. In this fight McMillan had 126 men that were either killed or wounded, and he was himself wounded in his left arm and chest.
After the action at Baton Rouge, McMillan's regiment was posted at Berwick Bay, near the end of the Atchafalaya River, until February 1863. At that time the 21st Indiana converted to the 1st Indiana Heavy Artillery. McMillan had been promoted to brigadier general on November 29 of the previous year, and with this rank McMillan held brigade and at times divisional command in the XIX Corps from March 1863 to May 1864. He then participated in the Red River Campaign in the spring of 1864, fighting notably in the Battle of Mansfield on April 8, as well as partaking in the Battle of Monett's Ferry on April 23. During the Battle of Mansfield at De Soto Parish, Louisiana, McMillan and the rest of the 1st Division were able to provide a steady line to rally on for the near-panicking Union retreat. 
That July, the XIX Corps was sent east to the Valley of Virginia, ordered to join Maj. Gen. Philip Sheridan's Army of the Shenandoah that was assembling there. During that campaign, McMillan and his division fought in the Battle of Winchester on September 19, where he was wounded when a shell fragment hit him in the head. On October 19, McMillan fought with distinction during the Battle of Cedar Creek, where he again arranged his men to rally fleeing Union soldiers, providing a place to regroup for the coming rout of Lt. Gen. Jubal A. Early's Confederate forces.
After the campaign in the Valley, McMillan was ordered to lead a "provisional" or temporary division in March 1865, with his headquarters in Grafton, West Virginia, until the end of the war that April. McMillan was appointed a brevet major general on March 5 for his war service, and resigned from the Union Army on May 15.
Postbellum.
After resigning, McMillan relocated to Kansas. In 1875 he moved to Washington, D.C., to begin serving as a member of the Pension Bureau review board, a post he held until 1903. James McMillan died there on March 9, 1903 in Washington, and was buried with full military honors in Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="20215249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215249" title="Cookies &amp;">
Cookies &amp;

"Cookies &" is a brand of cookie treats from Mars, Incorporated. In the United Kingdom and Ireland, Cookies & was sold as "Bisc &".
It consists of cookies coated in chocolate with added toppings (i.e. M&M's, Snickers, Milky Way, and Twix.) "Cookies &" were introduced in 2002
to appeal to the 18–46 years old target market.
Discontinued.
Because of their success of the cookie bar, there is a cult following. Cookies & joined a number of confectionery items discontinued by Mars, Incorporated shortly after disappointing
sales. However, the Cookies/Bisc & M&M's and Cookies/Bisc & Twix varieties are still sold in France as "M&M's Biscuit" and "Twix Top".

</doc>
<doc id="20215279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215279" title="Creative Book Publishers International">
Creative Book Publishers International

Creative Book Publishers International is one of two special imprints of the international Marketing and Publicity Specialist Communication Projects International, the other imprint being Global Book Publishers. 
The imprints were created three years ago by the Beverly Hills-based parent consultancy who saw a need for both traditional and non-traditional book marketing. Both imprints focus primarily on non-fiction with exceptions made for unique and special fiction projects that can benefit from the company's unique marketing and promotional talents. Principals of the company have held major marketing executive titles at several leading entertainment groups, including Warner Bros. and 20th Century Fox.
Notable Titles.
As a natural spinoff of their many connections with the entertainment world, Creative Book Publishers International has published a variety of titles by venerable industry veterans such as writer/producer/director Stephen Verona (The Making of "The Lords of Flatbush"), seasoned sports broadcaster Tony Verna (Instant Replay: the Day That Changed Sports Forever), movie producer Ed Feldman (Tell Me How You Love the Picture) and publicist-to-the-stars Leonard Morpurgo (Of Kings and Queens and Movie Stars.)
Also related are titles about entertainment world celebs such as swing era icon Glenn Miller (The Glenn Miller Conspiracy: The Never-Before-Told True Story of his Live and Death by Lt. Col. Hunton Downs, US Army, Ret.), as well as books about the movies themselves (The Making Of A Classic, Margaret Mitchell and Gone With The Wind by Sally Tippett Rains.)

</doc>
<doc id="20215287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215287" title="Fun-Tastic">
Fun-Tastic

Fun-Tastic is the second album by German Eurodance group Fun Factory.
Charts.
Album
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="20215310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215310" title="Michael Lockwood">
Michael Lockwood

Michael Lockwood may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20215313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215313" title="Geraldo Azevedo">
Geraldo Azevedo

Geraldo Azevedo (born January 11, 1945) is a Brazilian singer and guitarist. He is famous for his contributions to the Brazilian Popular Music scene, especially his partnerships with Alceu Valença and Zé Ramalho.

</doc>
<doc id="20215335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215335" title="Michael Lockwood (philosopher)">
Michael Lockwood (philosopher)

Michael John Lockwood FRS is a British philosopher.
Life.
Lockwood studied philosophy and psychology at Exeter College, Oxford, and did his doctorate at that university under the supervision of A. J. Ayer. For five years he was Assistant Professor in Philosophy at New York University, and was subsequently employed as a systems analyst for the New York and American Stock Exchanges.
Lockwood is Emeritus Fellow of Green Templeton College (formerly Green College), Oxford, where he has taught philosophy for many years.
His work includes articles on philosophical logic, medical ethics, animal rights, and the philosophy of science.

</doc>
<doc id="20215359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215359" title="Bartolomeu Anania">
Bartolomeu Anania

Bartolomeu Anania (March 18, 1921 – January 31, 2011), born Valeriu Anania, was a Romanian Orthodox bishop, translator, writer and poet; he was the Metropolitan of Cluj, Alba, Crişana and Maramureş.
Biography.
Early life.
Anania was born as Valeriu in Glăvile, Vâlcea County, to Vasile Anania and his wife Ana, the daughter of a priest. He attended primary school in Glăvile and entered the Bucharest Central Seminary in 1933. 
At the age of 15, Anania, while a student at the Seminary, joined the local organization of the Cross Brotherhood ("Frăția de Cruce"), part of the Iron Guard, being introduced to it by an older student. However, he claimed that within the Cross Brotherhood at the Seminary, politics was not discussed and the group was not anti-Semitic, like the rest of the Iron Guard. Anania graduated the Seminary in 1941. That year, he spent three weeks under arrest, being accused of participating at the funeral of a member of the Iron Guard. 
In 1942, he was tonsured a monk at the Antim Monastery, graduating from Bucharest's Mihai Viteazul High School the following year. In 1944, Hierodeacon Bartolomeu began studying Medicine and at the Cluj Conservatory, but he was expelled after organizing a student strike against the new communist government of Petru Groza. Afterwards, he continued his studies at the Theology Faculty of the University of Bucharest and the Theological Academies of Cluj and Sibiu, receiving his degree in the latter city in 1948.
Communist era.
Anania, accused of being associated with the Iron Guard, was arrested by the Communist authorities in 1958 and incarcerated at the Aiud prison. Another political prisoner at Aiud, Grigore Caraza, accused Anania of having actively participated in the 're-education' of prisoners, a charge categorically denied by Anania.
In August 1964, he was freed and only a few months later, in February 1965, he was sent by the communist regime to become an Archimandrite of the Romanian Orthodox Church in the United States and Canada, also editing a religious newspaper called "Credința" ("The Faith").
The short time between his release from prison and the time when he was sent to the United States has been seen as a sign that he had links to the Romanian Securitate. This idea has been supported by Ion Mihai Pacepa, who argued in a 1992 book that Archimandrite Bartolomeu was an agent of the External Intelligence department of the Securitate who was sent to the United States to divide the Romanian community. Anania has admitted that he signed denunciations against other high-ranking clerics for the Securitate in 1959, but he claims that he was not a collaborator and that these denunciations were made after he was given tea containing a truth drug at the Securitate's Ploiești headquarters.
In 1974, he was recalled to Romania from the United States because of reports which mentioned a possible defection. From 1976 to 1982, he was head of the Church's Biblical and Missionary Institute; afterward, he retreated to Văratec Monastery, where he began retranslating Bible using as source for Old Testament the Septuagint (since the 1930s, Romanian Orthodox Church Bible uses as its reference text the Masoretic Text).
After the 1989 Revolution.
On January 21, 1993 he was chosen Archbishop of Vad, Feleac and Cluj. Following a controversial decision of the Holy Synod, in 2006, the archdiocese was elevated to the rank of metropolis, making Archbishop Bartolomeu the first Metropolitan of Cluj, Alba, Crișana and Maramureș.
In 1999, after the Church's failed attempt to convince politicians to endorse a proposal to give Senatorial seats to the Orthodox Church Synod's members, Archbishop Bartolomeu made two public requests. The first one was that the Church be able to select parliamentary candidates and then have priests urge parishioners during sermons to vote for them, while the second request repeated the proposal of making the 27-member Synod members of the Senate, arguing that the state was never really separated from the church. A law to this effect was drafted but never brought up for discussion in parliament.
Nevertheless, after the 2000 elections, he reconsidered the involvement of clergymen in politics. In 2004, he made a proposal, which was approved by the Synod, not to allow priests to run in elections, giving an ultimatum to priests currently involved in politics to choose between the priesthood and politics.
In 2007, he was a candidate for the office of Patriarch, but he lost to Daniel Ciobotea, who received from the Church Electoral College 95 votes, against 66 for Bartolomeu. Following unsuccessful treatment in Vienna in early 2011, Anania died in Cluj-Napoca of heart failure and aortic valve stenosis at age 89. He was buried in the hierarchs' crypt beneath the altar of the city's Dormition of the Theotokos Cathedral.
Opinions.
Metropolitan Bartolomeu was known as a conservative voice within the church. Politically, he asserted that he had always been attracted by the right wing. Voicing disagreement with the Western world, he argued that it is built exclusively on politics and economics, lacking any trace of spirituality, culture or religion. Following the repeal of Article 200 (regarding homosexuality), he decried the Westernization of Romania, claiming that "Europe asks us to accept sex, homosexuality, vices, drugs, abortions and genetic engineering, including cloning".
He also condemned the way in which television stations "manipulate" viewers and use violent programs to "poison the souls of Romanians", arguing that such programs are harming people's personalities and make them unable to tell good from evil.
In 2002, he was among a group of intellectuals who voiced their opposition to the building of a vampire theme park called "Dracula Park", claiming that vampires are not a part of Romanian mythology (which instead has other monsters, like Muma Pădurii and zgripţuroaica).
While he supported the neutrality of the Church in politics, in 2007 he did join seven other high-ranking Orthodox clerics in signing an appeal against the decision of the parliament to begin impeachment proceedings against President Traian Băsescu, calling the procedure "immoral politics".
Regarding ecumenism, Bartolomeu argued that unifying all Christians within one Church is a far-fetched goal.
Bartolomeu Anania, as Metropolitan, joined the dispute over the biometric passports, signing in 2009 a public statement (together with all the bishops of his metropolitan see), in which he claimed that the usage of biometric chips in passports is offensive to the Romanian people, whom, he claims, are therefore treated as a potential gang of criminals. He also made clear his worry about the possibility of using microchip implants.

</doc>
<doc id="20215364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215364" title="317th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron">
317th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron

The 317th Fighter Interceptor Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit, last assigned to Aerospace Defense Command, being stationed at Elmendorf Air Force Base, Alaska. The squadron was inactivated on 31 December 1969.
History.
World War II.
The 317th Fighter Squadron was activated on 1 July 1942 at Theodore Green Airport, Providence, Rhode Island, as part of the 325th Fighter Group, the "Checker Tails". After six months of intensive training in the P-40 Warhawk, the 317th embarked for North Africa aboard the USS Ranger, in consort with its sister squadrons, the 318th and 319th. The 317th flew its first combat mission in the Mediterranean Theater of Operations (MTO) under Twelfth Air Force on 17 April 1943. Flying P-40 Warhawks, P-47 Thunderbolts and P-51 Mustangs, the 317th fought in 13 separate campaigns where it earned two Distinguished Unit Citations in action over Italy and Sardinia. In October 1945, after the conclusion of the European air war, the 317th returned to the United States and was inactivated.
Air Defense Command.
In May 1947, the squadron was reactivated at Mitchel Field, New York and equipped with P-61 Black Widows. Reassigned to Moses Lake AFB, Washington, the squadron was re-equipped with the new F-82 Twin Mustang in October 1948. The squadron was assigned for the defense of the Hanford Nuclear Reservation in Eastern Washington. One month later it was reassigned to Hamilton Field, California, and in April 1950, returned to McChord AFB, Washington.
In 1951. the squadron was re-designated as the 317th Fighter Interceptor Squadron. a component of the 25th Air Division, Air Defense Command, During the period between 1947 to 1956. the 317th flew the F-82. the F-94 Starfire, and the F-86D Sabre interceptor. In 1955 and 1956, at Vincent AFB, Yuma, Arizona, flying the F-86D, the 317th engaged in airborne rocket competition, breaking all records previously set. In August 1956 the squadron was selected as the best air defense unit in the Air Force and was awarded the Hughes Trophy, In addition, the squadron received its first Outstanding Unit Award for high combat readiness for the period of 1953 through 1956. In November 1956, the 317th began transitioning into the F-102 Delta Dagger.
Alaskan Air Command.
In November 1956, the 317th began transitioning into the F-102A Delta Dagger, becoming the second squadron to receive the new delta winged supersonic aircraft. In August 1957, the 317th was reassigned in force, to Elmendorf AFB, Alaska, where it assumed air defense mission of the southern portion of Alaska and the northwestern approaches to the United States.
In the summer of 1960. the 449th FIS was inactivated and Ladd AFB was closed. leaving the entire Alaska air defense mission to the 317th FIS. To carry out this mission, the squadron was authorized 40 aircraft and 60 pilots. The squadron received its second Air Force Outstanding Unit Award for maintaining full combat readiness during and after the 1964 Alaska earthquake on 27 March 1964.
In the summer of 1965, the 317th was reduced to 29 aircraft and the manning reduced accordingly, but the air defense mission remained the same. In October 1965, the squadron was awarded the Hughes Trophy for the second time, and a third Air Force Outstanding Unit Award for combat readiness.
In December 1969, due to budget reductions, the 317th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron was inactivated.

</doc>
<doc id="20215370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215370" title="Second Corps, Army of Tennessee">
Second Corps, Army of Tennessee

The Second Corps, Army of Tennessee was a military formation in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War.
Formation.
The Corps was originally formed before the Battle of Shiloh in April 1862 by combining Daniel Ruggles' Alabama Division and Braxton Bragg's Army of Pensacola. The Corps was forming in Corinth, Mississippi, when it was made the II Corps, Army of the Mississippi. It contained two divisions; the first one was under Jones Withers and the second was under Daniel Ruggles. The II Corps numbered 22,000 men, making it the largest in the Confederate Army, and was placed under command of Braxton Bragg.
At its first battle (Shiloh), the Corps initially drove Benjamin Prentiss's Union division from their camps. But when Prentiss, Wallace and their divisions dug in at the Hornet's Nest, Bragg assaulted the position from all sides for hours without dislodging them. Suffering heavily, the Second Corps was completely disorganized by the time they forced Prentiss out and was held in reserve for the rest of the battle, briefly fighting on the second day.
With many line officers killed or wounded, the Corps took months to refit. Fighting in the Corinth Campaign, the Corps was later re-organized for its next operation in September 1862, the invasion of Kentucky.
Service and reorganization.
The II Corps after Corinth was again reorganized with two divisions, the first under Patton Anderson and the second under Simon Buckner. The Corps was now led by William Hardee, and Braxton Bragg was promoted to army command. The Corps was only lightly engaged at Perryville, however, and the entire Army wasn't even present. 
The Corps and the entire Army were re-organized again. John Breckinridge and his division, who had fought at Shiloh but were absent at Perryville, were now attached. Numbering 11,000 men, his division boosted the strength of the corps by 40%. Anderson's division was dispersed between Buckner and the I Corps, but to replace him was a division from Kirby Smith's Army under John Mcown. Buckner was sent to Knoxville, but his division was then placed under the brilliant commander Patrick Cleburne. The Corps all in all numbered approximately 25,000 men; McCown's division had 5,000, Breckinridge had 11,000 and Cleburne had 9,000.
Stones River and middle Tennessee.
After the reorganization in the fall of 1862, the Army of Tennessee was ready for action, as was the Second Corps. This action took place at Murfreesboro, in the Battle of Stones River. The battle began when William Rosecrans and his Army of the Cumberland marched south from Nashville against Bragg at Murfreesboro. Bragg ordered an assault on the Union right flank, where George Thomas and Alexander McCook's corps were stationed. In a pre-dawn assault similar to Shiloh, Hardee's Corps was the spearhead when McCown's division attacked at 5:30 am. His attack, as well as Cleburne's, threw the entire Union force in flight, pushing both corps back over a mile. Weary and exhausted, they stopped as Polk and his Corps were to finish the job. Leonidas Polk mismanaged his assaults, and all Confederate gains by the II Corps were squandered and not exploited. Eventually, it fell to the II Corps to do the work again, and they eventually drove Sheridan's division, who kept Polk stopped all afternoon. The battle otherwise was a Confederate success so far, mainly due to Hardee and the II corps. The next two days decided the final outcome.
Rather than following up on victory, Braxton Bragg waited a day, then on January 2 attacked Rosecrans with the reserve of the army, Breckinridge's division from the II corps. Breckinridge was ordered to assault the Union left, Thomas Crittenden's Corps over open ground and a river. Breckinridge, Hardee, Cleburne and the other officers protested, but Bragg didn't listen. Breckinridge drove the first Union division at the river in a suicidal charge, but was bloodied once he attacked the main line. Bragg retreated the next day, with the II Corps as the rear guard.
Chickamauga-Chattanooga.
The Corps was reorganized yet again after Stones River. Alexander Stewart and his division of 6,000 were attached to the II Corps, but Breckinridge and his division were sent to help the Siege of Vicksburg. The Confederate Army was idle for the next few months, until Breckinridge returned. When he did, due to arguments with Bragg, Hardee and McCown were relieved and the Corps was again reorganized. Daniel Harvey Hill was sent from the Army of Northern Virginia to take command, who proved to be one of the best commanders of that Corps. The Corps was re-organized with divisions under Stewart, Cleburne and Breckinridge, all in all 20,000 men. McCown's old division was now placed under St. John Liddell, and moved to the reserve Corps under William H.T. Walker.
After campaigning for a few months in Tennessee, Bragg was driven out to Chattanooga, and then lost that city. In north Georgia, however, he re-formed for a counterstrike. Troops from Mississippi came under Walker and Forrest, soldiers from east Tennessee under Buckner, troops from Georgia, Kentucky, east Tennessee and Mississippi under Burshod Johnson and troops from Virginia under James Longstreet.
The army was again re-organized; Hill lost Stewart's division, which was sent to Buckner's Corps, but he still had Cleburne and Breckinridge. The corps was heavily engaged at Chickamauga, assaulting the Union left. After the Confederates broke through on the left, the II Corps did the same on the right, securing the Confederate victory. The Corps suffered heavily in the battle however, and was exhausted. Hill, as well as many other officers, wished to pursue the broken enemy, but Bragg declined and in turn relieved Hill, Polk, Wallker, Forrest and other officers from command.
At Chattanooga, the Corps was re-organized. Breckinridge took command of the Corps with his old division under William B. Bate, Cleburne's division though, the pride of the II Corps, was transferred to the I Corps. Buckner's division from his old Corps was sent to the II only to be transferred up to Knoxville with James Longstreet. Thomas Hindman's division was transferred to the II from the I, and lastly, on a brighter note, Stewart and his division were returned to the II from Buckner's old corps. All in all between Bate, Stewart, Buckner and Hindman, the Corps numbered close to 28,000 men. One Buckner left it was down to 23,000 men.
At the battle itself, the II Corps was stationed in the center on Missionary Ridge as well as Orchard Knob in a salient. When Orchard Knob was taken, the Union force under George Thomas attacked the center and broke the II Corps, sending them fleeing in confusion. But with light casualties on both sides, the battle didn't inflict much damage, other than damaging Confederate morale.
Atlanta.
The Corps was reorganized again in December when Joseph Johnston took command from the incompetent Braxton Bragg. Although he had nothing to be blamed for at Chattanooga, John Breckinridge was relieved of command and replaced by one of the Corps' greatest commanders, another sent from the East by the name of John Bell Hood. Hood turned the Corps into the greatest in the Army in the same manner of Hill and Hardee, making it the pride of the west. The corps was the same as it was at Chattanooga, except that Bate and his division were traded in for Carter Stevenson's division of the I corps. By that time, none of the units originally in the II were still in it.
The II fought in all the engagements of the campaign, and at Reasca and New Hope Church they played key roles. At Kennesaw Mountain, II Corps soldiers disobeyed orders to attack the flanking columns of John Schofield's Army of the Ohio and drove them back in a decisive manner.
Once Hood took command of the Army, there was another reorganization. Stewart took command, but was transferred to the III corps, then Stevenson took command, then Cheatham, then Stewart again, then Hindman, and finally Stephen D. Lee. All of these changes took place within a time span of three months. The Corps was heavily engaged at Atlanta and at Ezra Church, where they suffered heavy losses.
Invasion of Tennessee.
After Atlanta fell to William T. Sherman, Hood went north with his army, but made a few changes. In the II corps, easterner S.D. Lee was still in command, but his division commanders were different. Stevenson was at his usual post, but H.D. Clayton took over Stewart's division, the latter taking command of the III corps. Hindman was relieved and in his place was a newly-exchanged former prison-of-war, Edward Johnson, an easterner.
The Corps marched north into Tennessee, but missed the bloodbath at Franklin, and cost Hood the battle. Like d'Erlon's I Corps at Ligny and Quatre Bras in the Waterloo campaign, the Corps never advanced on Schofield's rear by seizing his line of retreat on the Cumberland. Thus, for the first time in its history, the II Corps cost their commander the battle. At Nashville, however, the Corps took the center when they were assaulted by an old nemesis, George Thomas. They were pushed back, and the II corps then was transferred to the right flank. The starving Confederates fled without much defense, and cost Hood another battle.
Final glory.
After Nashville in the early spring of 1865, the Confederate Army was discouraged; there was no hope for the cause. Hood resigned, and the Army went to Joseph Johnston again. The corps was re-organized again, with Stevenson, Clayton and Stovall in command of the divisions, and Johnson had been captured once again. The remnants of the Army were transferred to stop Sherman in the Carolinas, but II corps had a new commander, their best, D. H. Hill. At Bentonville, the Confederates were to assault an isolated Union force under Slocum, and the II Corps was to lead the spearhead in a flank attack. The attack drove the Union troops for miles, and they cheered "Nashville" and routed two divisions. Hill's leadership led Confederate arms to success, but due to Lee's surrender, the II Corps did as well with the small Army of Tennessee.
Assessment.
Like the Corps in Lee's Army, the II Corps Army of Tennessee proved to be an excellent formation. Its commanders were mixed and often changed. All in all, at Chickamauga the Corps reached its best point, but was still great in Atlanta and Bentonville, as well as Stones River. The debate of which commander was best is still in debate, but generally Hood, Hill and Hardee are considered the Corps' best.

</doc>
<doc id="20215373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215373" title="Ariel King">
Ariel King

Dr. Ariel Rosita King (Dr. Ariel R. King) is the founder of the Ariel Foundation International Women Impacting Public Policy (WIPP) and a permanent representative for the United Nations. King has a consultancy firm, Ariel Consulting International.
Early life.
King obtained an MPH in International Health from the University of Texas School of Public Health in 1994, and an MBA in International Health Management from Thunderbird, the American Graduate School of International Management in 1996. She completed her PhD in Public Health and Policy from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine in 2002.
Career.
Dr. Ariel Rosita King is known for her international health policy work, particularly with regard to HIV/AIDS, King is a founding and board member of Women Impacting Public Policy (WIPP). She is a Rotarian, and is the Washington, DC representative for the National Council of Women at the UN United Nations. She is vice-chair of the Continental Advisory Board and the Chair of the Resource Mobilisation Committee, of Social Aspects of HIV/AIDS Reliance Alliance (S.A.H.A.R.A). She has served on the Boards of Directors of the National Black Women's Health Project, , The Life Foundation AIDS Foundation of Hawaii, The Black Alliance for AIDS Prevention, and the Ronald McDonald House. King is also a member of the board of trustees of the Acid Survivors Trust International. In 2010, she also met with Princess Anne (Anne, Princess Royal) in the United Kingdom to discuss her non-profit work.
King has given presentations internationally on various research topics and has publications on the topics of HIV/AIDS, international health policy, national drug policy, medical ethics, health legislation, organ transplantation, and breast cancer.
King advocates for the rights of children, through the Ariana-Leilani International Children's Foundation. 
Personal life.
King lives in Germany, and is the mother of Ariana-Leilani King-Pfeiffer (aka Ariana-Leilani King), in regard to whom she has raised constitutional and international children's and parents rights issues.

</doc>
<doc id="20215393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215393" title="Hyperion (yacht)">
Hyperion (yacht)

Hyperion is the name of a sailing yacht built by the Royal Huisman in Holland in 1998 and designed by German Frers. At the time of her launch, she was the largest sloop ever build and the tallest mast ever built. The carbon-fiber mast clears the deck of the Golden Gate Bridge by only .
However, "Hyperion" is famous primarily for her owner, Silicon Valley entrepreneur Jim Clark, founder of Silicon Graphics and Netscape, who built the yacht with the aim of replacing all conventional ship board electronics with an array of integrated, touch screen computers.
At the time of launch, all systems aboard the yacht including engines and sailing systems, environmental systems, lighting, HVAC and entertainment were controlled by a network of 30 customized Silicon Graphics computers and 22 LCD touch screens at various locations throughout the yacht.
Clark created a small company, Seascape, which worked in anonymity for many years above a Jenny Craig weight loss center in Menlo Park, California, to create the software for this one of a kind project.
Much has been written about this project including a best selling book, "The New New Thing" by Michael Lewis.
She was surpassed as the world's largest sloop by the 48.5 m "Georgia" in 2000, which was surpassed by the 75.2 m "Mirabella V" in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20215396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215396" title="Queen Mary's Hospital, Sidcup">
Queen Mary's Hospital, Sidcup

Queen Mary's Hospital, Sidcup is an acute district general hospital situated in Sidcup, South East London, serving the population of the London Borough of Bexley. It was previously administered by Queen Mary's Sidcup NHS Trust, which was established in 1993.
Following the dissolution of the South London Healthcare NHS Trust in 2013, the hospital is now owned and managed by Oxleas NHS Foundation Trust, with other services being provided by King's College Hospital NHS Foundation Trust and Lewisham and Greenwich NHS Trust.
History.
The Queen's Hospital was opened in 1917 in the grounds of Frognal House. It comprised a group of prefabricated buildings, and initially provided pioneering plastic surgery to First World War soldiers with facial injuries, under the auspices of Sir Harold Gillies, until 1925.
After 1925 it served as a London County Council "out-hospital", and was renamed Queen Mary's Hospital in 1930. It continued to develop as a district general hospital serving the local population after the Second World War.
In 1974 the original prefabricated buildings, which had been intended to last for only ten years, were replaced by the current hospital building.
In 2009 Queen Mary's Sidcup NHS Trust, Queen Elizabeth Hospital NHS Trust and Bromley Hospitals NHS Trust merged to form the South London Healthcare NHS Trust, creating one hospital on several different sites. 
In November 2010 the Hospital's A & E Department closed. Acute services are provided in the two sister hospitals, Queen Elizabeth hospital in Woolwich and Princess Royal University hospital in Farnborough.
In October 2013, the South London Healthcare NHS Trust was dissolved, and the hospital split between various other trusts. Oxleas NHS Foundation Trust became the owners of the buildings and managers of the estate, whilst also assuming responsibility for the running of some clinical services. In addition, King's College Hospital NHS Foundation Trust and Lewisham and Greenwich NHS Trust became responsible for running other clinical services at the hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="20215434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215434" title="Pacific Electric Railroad Bridge">
Pacific Electric Railroad Bridge

The Pacific Electric Railroad Bridge or Southern Pacific Railroad Bridge is a historic double-tracked arch bridge located in Torrance, California USA, spanning Torrance Boulevard at Bow Street, a short distance west of Western Avenue. It was once part of the north/south Torrance to San Pedro spur line of the Pacific Electric Railway, that agency's first interurban line to San Pedro. 
After splitting off to the east from the Union Tool Company plant which was once a short distance south of the bridge, the line terminated at a Columbia Steel steel mill (later United States Steel) by running up and over that railroad's east/west Torrance local line in much the same manner as a viaduct and is the only part of the PE which crossed itself in such a manner; indeed, the map on the following reference link refers to the bridge as a viaduct. This was due to the area's geography; simply building a spur off of the main line would have resulted in too steep a climb to the steel mill. The steel mill has since been demolished to make way for the national headquarters of American Honda Motor Company, but the once double-tracked Torrance line was reballasted and rerailed with used welded rail in 2003 and is still in use for local runs by the Union Pacific Railroad. Gone too are the Pacific Electric's Torrance shops at the western branch of the split, now the site of an industrial park still serviced by the aforementioned local line.
Designed by Irving Gill and built in 1913 as part of the original layout of the city as determined by Jared Sidney Torrance and Frederick Law Olmsted, Jr., the bridge became the city's second entry in the National Register of Historic Places on July 13, 1989 after Torrance High School. It is also listed with the California Office of Historic Preservation.
Though trackage, turnouts and remnants of a switch remain on the bridge, it is no longer in use nor has it been for quite some time. There is no chance of the bridge returning to service, since the right-of-way at either end has been redeveloped as evidenced by the satellite photo link below. Nevertheless, the Pacific Electric Railroad Bridge has become a symbol of the city as part of the Torrance Police Department's logo as of January 1, 2000, only the third such change in the department's history.

</doc>
<doc id="20215450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215450" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 130">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 130

The 130th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Berks County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20215500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215500" title="Llévame Contigo (album)">
Llévame Contigo (album)

Llévame Contigo ("Take Me With You") is the title of a studio album released by singer Olga Tañón on May 5, 1997. This album became her first number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums and received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Traditional Tropical Latin Album and a Lo Nuestro Award for Tropical Salsa Album of the Year.
Tracklisting.
The information from Billboard.

</doc>
<doc id="20215512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215512" title="Joshua Dionisio">
Joshua Dionisio

Ralph Joshua Dela Cruz Dionisio, better known as Joshua Dionisio (born December 14, 1994) is a Filipino child actor working in television.
Early life.
Born on December 14, 1994 in Quezon City, he has a younger brother, Jacob, his co-star on "Super Inggo". Joshua Dionisio began his career as a commercial model at the age of 8. He was discovered via modeling by ABS-CBN and VIVA Films. He made his first TV appearance as the young Nicolai "Nicos" Argos in Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay.
Television career.
Dionisio began his acting career in the kids television action series, "Super Inggo", playing Kennedy "Ken" Pamintuan. He also appeared as Maria's childhood lover in the teleserye series "Maria Flordeluna" and was also one of the lead characters in "Kung Fu Kids" where he played Jazz-- a boy with an ability to control and manipulate energy blasts through his hands.
In 2008, Dionisio won an award at the PMPC Star Awards for Television for the Best Single Performance by an Actor in the "Sako" (Sack) an episode of "Maalaala Mo Kaya".
In 2009, he moved to GMA 7 via the drama series "Stairway To Heaven", a Korean drama adapted for Philippine television in which he played the role of young Cholo.
He also appeared in GMA Network's primetime TV series "First Time" in 2010 in the role of Lukas Ynfante. He appeared in "Pilyang Kerubin" and playe the role of Michael on the GMA TV series and as Josh in "Reel Love Presents: Tween Hearts" where he is with Barbie Forteza.

</doc>
<doc id="20215551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215551" title="Chinese national carbon trading scheme">
Chinese national carbon trading scheme

The Chinese national carbon trading scheme was announced in November 2008 by the national government to enforce a compulsory carbon trading scheme across the country's provinces as part of its strategy to create a "low carbon civilisation".
The scheme would allow provinces to earn money by investing in carbon capture systems in those regions that fail to invest in the technology.
The Economist Intelligence Unit produced a report in 2013 on China's experiments with carbon trading, addressing the challenges in creating such a programme in China.

</doc>
<doc id="20215555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215555" title="Astragalus didymocarpus">
Astragalus didymocarpus

Astragalus didymocarpus is a species of milkvetch known by the common names dwarf white milkvetch and two-seeded milkvetch. It is native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico, where it can be found in many types of habitat. 
Description.
"Astragalus didymocarpus" is a slender, hairy annual herb growing erect to about 30 centimeters tall, drooping, or flat on the ground in a spreading clump. The leaves are up to 7 or 8 centimeters long and are made up of narrow to oblong leaflets. The inflorescence is a cluster of up to 30 purple-tinted white flowers, each under a centimeter long. The inflorescence is covered in long black and white hairs. 
The fruit is a small, spherical legume pod a few millimeters wide which dries to a stiff papery texture.
Varieties.
There are several varieties of "Astragalus didymocarpus":

</doc>
<doc id="20215557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215557" title="Ştefan Gheorghiu (violinist)">
Ştefan Gheorghiu (violinist)

Ştefan Gheorghiu (March 22, 1926 – March 17, 2010) was a Romanian musician, violinist and teacher, born in Galați, Romania.
At 5 he starts studying the violin and at 9 becomes student of the Royal Music Academy in Bucharest.
George Enescu recommended him and his brother Valentin Gheorghiu - pianist, for a scholarship at the Conservatoire National de Musique de Paris, where he studied the violin Maurice Hewitt and musical harmony and counterpoint with Noel Gallon.
During the war he continued studies in Bucharest with Garabet Avakian and Mihail Jora. Gheorghiu finished his studies in Moscow, attending the violin performing art masterclasses of David Oistrakh. 
Since 1946 he was appointed concert-soloist of the State Philharmonic in Bucharest, where he performed both in symphonic concerts and in violin recitals. He was member of the Romanian Trio, together with Valentin Gheorghiu and Radu Aldulescu. At the first edition of the George Enescu International Competition in 1958, he won the first prize for the best performance of the third sonata by Enescu, together with his brother the pianist Valentin Gheorghiu. The jury consisted of Yehudi Menuhin, David Oistrakh, Henryk Szeryng, André Gertler, Nadia Boulanger and George Georgescu.
During his 40 years of concertistic activity, Stefan Gheorghiu played more than 2000 performances in his native country and touring in Europe, USA, Canada and Asia. Among the most important musical centers that had him as a guest were Paris, Menton, London, Manchester, Rome, Vienna, Salzburg, Locarno, Lausanne, Basel, Prague, Warshaw, Berlin, Munchen, Leipzig, Moscow, Sankt Petersburg, Riga, Talin, Sofia, Athens, Tesalonik, Montreal, San Francisco, Los Angeles, St. Louis, Boston, Peking, Shanghai. He worked together with conductors Frans Konwitschny, Constantin Silvestri, Kyrill Kondrashin, George Georgescu, Jean Perisson.
He made recordings for Electrecord (the Romanian home record), Supraphon and for other different radios across Europe. Stefan Gheorghiu made many first audition recordings of George Enescu's work: the piano quartet, the piano quintet, the chamber symphony (Grand Prix du Disque - Paris), "Impressions d'enfance", the third sonata.
His concertistic activity was doubled, starting with 1960 by the pedagogical one. He was a violin performing art professor at the National University of Music Bucharest. His remarkable results in developing of the young artists were awarded at many international violin competitions.
The list of his students includes:

</doc>
<doc id="20215583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215583" title="Not a Father's Day">
Not a Father's Day

"Not a Father's Day" is the seventh episode in the fourth season of the television series "How I Met Your Mother" and 71st overall. It originally aired on November 10, 2008.
Plot.
In the bar, Barney announces that he isn't impressed with the girls there, not seeing anyone attractive. Ted points out a group of women in the corner who they agree are hot, but Barney states they are simply experiencing 'the Cheerleader Effect': as a group, they look hot, but seen individually, each one has a flaw. As he concludes this observation, Barney receives a call, in which he is told he is going to be a father. He panics, saying no one in their right mind would want kids.
Marshall and Lily have been noticing babies everywhere, and decide to have a discussion about having children. Lily tries to point out possible problems, but Marshall is too caught up in how cute babies are. They decide to have a baby, but are soon interrupted by Robin, who is living with them while she looks for a job and apartment. They ask her to stay at Ted's while they have a romantic evening, and she reluctantly agrees.
Barney is praying to God for help when he receives news that the girl is not actually pregnant. He is so happy he dances down the street to Marshall's office, where he announces he is going to create a holiday for people like him, called 'Not a Father's Day'.
Marshall is told by his boss that he needs to be at a conference that night, and so can't spend the night with Lily. After telling her about this, Lily begins to think seriously about having kids, and starts to panic. She asks Ted and Robin over to her apartment to help her decide, with Ted supporting the idea to have a baby, and Robin opposing the idea. Lily says that Marshall is only focusing on the positive, while she has had time to see the problems they might have after speaking with other new parents. Robin says Ted is already a dad, as he often lectures the rest of the group and tells bad jokes. Ted replies that Robin is just afraid of babies, and is seen not wanting to hold them and letting them sniff her like a dog. Lily, meanwhile, gets drunk. 
Barney has been producing some Not a Father's Day merchandise, including t-shirts, mugs and cards. He tells Marshall the idea is a hit, and that he already has a large following.
After seeing their neighbor's baby's sock, Lily decides to have a baby, and runs out while Ted and Robin are arguing. As Marshall prepares for his conference, he finds a drunk Lily in his office, ready to make a baby. She quickly causes trouble, pulling out Marshall's files and throwing up in his trash bin.
While trying to find Lily, Ted and Robin continue to argue over kids, with Robin pointing out all the problems they cause, while Lily illustrates them. They go to the bar, and encounter Barney's group, proudly celebrating the fact they don't have kids. When Robin goes to look for Lily in the bathroom, Ted answers her phone, and Marshall tells him he has Lily. While putting her phone back, Ted finds the baby's sock in Robin's bag. While she denies it at first, Robin eventually admits that she took the sock, saying she's confused at the moment, having no place to live. Ted invites her to move in with him while she looks for a place, and she accepts, while Future Ted announces that's how Robin moved in with him.
Lily continues to cause problems for Marshall as he makes his presentation, by dancing around and stripping in the background. Afterwards, Marshall puts her in a cab to get her to fall asleep, before taking her home.
At the bar, Barney tells Ted and Robin how proud he is of the holiday he created, but Ted tells him it's a day for losers. Barney disagrees, but Ted reveals it's just the cheerleader effect, and individually, the guys are all geeks and weirdos, and aren't childless by choice. They leave Barney in the bar with this revelation, where he finds the sock, and sees how cute it is. 
The next morning, Lily tells Marshall she sees now that he is ready for a baby, as he took care of her so well. Marshall says he isn't ready to balance work and children, and suggests they decide to wait a bit longer.
As the episode ends, Barney is seen at the karaoke bar, tearfully singing "Cat's in the Cradle" while holding the sock.
Production.
The episode had the title "Jeremy's Sock" but was changed to "Not a Father's Day".
Critical response.
Eric Goldman of IGN gave the episode 8.5 out of 10.
AVClub gave the episode a B+ rating.

</doc>
<doc id="20215615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215615" title="Franco Peppino">
Franco Peppino

Franco Peppino, (born 16 June 1982 in Córdoba) is an Argentine football player who plays for Barcelona. Primarily a central defender, he has also played as a holding midfielder.
Career.
Peppino began his playing career in 2000 with Belgrano de Córdoba, he made his league debut on 16 December 200 in a 1-4 home defeat to Rosario Central. He went on to make 160 league appearances for the Córdoba club before leaving to join Mexican side CD Veracruz in 2007.
In 2008 Peppino returned to Argentina to play for Racing Club and in 2009 he joined Arsenal de Sarandí.

</doc>
<doc id="20215616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215616" title="Mowry House">
Mowry House

Mowry House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20215628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215628" title="Stanimir Georgiev">
Stanimir Georgiev

Stanimir Georgiev (born 7 August 1975 in Plovdiv, Bulgaria) is a retired Bulgarian professional football forward who played for several clubs in Europe.
Club career.
Georgiev played for PFC CSKA Sofia, PFC Slavia Sofia, PFC Rodopa Smolyan and PFC Spartak Varna in Bulgaria and FC Gomel in Belarus. He had a brief spell in the Turkish Super Lig with Kocaelispor.

</doc>
<doc id="20215722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215722" title="Mahanoy Plane">
Mahanoy Plane

The Mahanoy Plane was a railroad Incline plane located along northern edge of the borough of Frackville, Schuylkill County in the Anthracite Coal Region of Pennsylvania. 
The Mahanoy and Broad Mountain Railroad, predecessor of the Reading Company opened the Mahanoy Plane on July 16, 1861. The Plane traversed Broad Mountain between the boroughs of Mahanoy Plane and Frackville. With a pitch of 28 degrees at its steepest point, the plane rose over a distance of .
A engine could hoist a three car trip, equivalent to 200 tons in three minutes. After a fire in 1868, new engines were installed. These were supposedly the most powerful engines in the world, later surpassed only by the engines operating the locks on the Panama Canal. Approximately 800 to 900 railroad cars passed over the plane every twenty-four hours. The Mahanoy Plane ceased operation on February 27, 1932, due to the decline of Anthracite and the much easier route through the Mahanoy Tunnel.
Foundations are all that remain and there are currently no plans of historical preservation or restoration.
On September 08, 2007, the Pennsylvania Historical & Museum Commission erected a historical marker noting the Mahanoy Plane's historic importance.

</doc>
<doc id="20215755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215755" title="Volgadraco">
Volgadraco

Volgadraco ("Volga River dragon") is a genus of azhdarchid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Upper Cretaceous of European Russia. It is known from lower beak (holotype SGU, no. 46/104a) and postcranial fragments from the early Campanian-age Rybushka Formation of Saratov, Russia. The size of this animal, and the development of blood supply in the lower jaw, are intermediate between older Santonian or Turonian azhdarchids like "Azhdarcho" and "Bakonydraco" and later Maastrichtian azhdarchids like "Quetzalcoatlus". "Volgadraco" was described in 2008 by Averianov, Arkhangelsky, and Pervushov. The type species is "V. bogolubovi", the specific name honouring Russian paleontologist Nikolai Nikolaevich Bogolubov. The authors consider the earlier named genus "Bogolubovia" to be a nomen dubium that in fact might be identical to "Volgadraco".

</doc>
<doc id="20215759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215759" title="Nuptial pad">
Nuptial pad

A nuptial pad (also known as thumb pad, or nuptial excrescence,) is a secondary sex characteristic present on some mature male frogs and salamanders. Triggered by androgen hormones, this breeding gland (a type of mucus gland) appears as a spiked epithelial swelling on the forearm and prepollex that aids with grip, used primarily by males to grasp (or clasp) females during amplexus. They can also be used in male-male combat in some species.
Historical background.
Austrian biologist Paul Kammerer experimented on midwife toads' nuptial pads. He used the offsprings' apparent enlargening from generation-to-generation as evidence of Lamarckian evolution.
Species examples.
Many amphibian species manifest nuptial pads for use in amplexus, an example being the Rough-skinned newt, "Taricha granulosa".

</doc>
<doc id="20215788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215788" title="Baekdeoksan">
Baekdeoksan

Baekdeoksan is a mountain that sits between the counties of Yeongwol and Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of . 

</doc>
<doc id="20215805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215805" title="Astragalus douglasii">
Astragalus douglasii

Astragalus douglasii is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Douglas' milkvetch. It is native to California and Baja California, where it can be found in many types of desert, valley, chaparral and woodlands, and montane habitats. 
Description.
"Astragalus douglasii" is a bushy perennial herb producing a number of erect or prostrate stems up to a meter long. The abundant leaves are up to 18 centimeters long and are made up of oval-shaped leaflets. The open inflorescence holds up to 30 whitish to pale yellow flowers, each about a centimeter long. 
The fruit is an inflated legume pod up to 6 centimeters long and 3 wide which dries to a thin, papery texture. 
Varieties.
There are three varieties of "Astragalus douglasii":

</doc>
<doc id="20215812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215812" title="Thomas Franklin Schneider">
Thomas Franklin Schneider

Thomas Franklin Schneider (b. 1859 in Washington, D.C. — d. 1938) was an American architect who designed about 2,000 houses in the capital city area. Other important buildings of his included the Cairo Apartment Building.

</doc>
<doc id="20215818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215818" title="Bakjisan">
Bakjisan

Bakjisan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of . 

</doc>
<doc id="20215824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215824" title="2007 Golden Spin of Zagreb">
2007 Golden Spin of Zagreb

The 2007 Golden Spin of Zagreb was the Golden Spin of Zagreb for the 2007-2008 figure skating season. It was the 40th edition of that competition, which is one of the oldest extant skating competitions. Figure skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and ice dancing.
The competition was held between November 8 and November 11, 2007 in the Dom Sportova Zagreb in Zagreb, Croatia. The Junior-level equivalent was the 2007 Golden Bear of Zagreb.
The compulsory dance was the Argentine Tango.

</doc>
<doc id="20215852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215852" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 131">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 131

The 131st Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up of parts of Lehigh County and Northampton County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20215858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215858" title="Lunar south pole">
Lunar south pole

The lunar south pole is of special interest to scientists because of the postulated occurrence of ice in permanently shadowed areas. Of the lunar poles, the south pole is of greater interest because the area that remains in shadow is much larger than that at the north pole. The lunar south pole craters are unique in that sunlight does not reach the bottom. Such craters are cold traps that contain a fossil record of the early solar system.
Craters.
The rotational axis of the moon lies within Shackleton Crater. Notable craters nearest to the lunar south pole include De Gerlache, Sverdrup, Shoemaker, Faustini, Haworth, Nobile and Cabeus.
Exploration.
Spacecraft from several countries have explored the lunar south pole. Extensive studies were conducted by the Lunar Orbiter, Clementine, Lunar Prospector, Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter, Kaguya, and Chandrayaan. NASA's LCROSS mission found a significant amount of water in Cabeus.
Future.
Future planned exploration of the Lunar south pole includes a private mission by Shackleton Energy Company, no earlier than 2016. Shackleton intends to land a robotic precursor exploration rover to "identify and characterize the nature, composition and locations of the optimum ice concentrations at the north and Lunar south pole craters".

</doc>
<doc id="20215873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215873" title="Balgyosan">
Balgyosan

Balgyosan is a mountain that sits between the counties of Hoengseong and Hongcheon, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20215891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215891" title="Gardez Air Base">
Gardez Air Base

Gardez Air Base 
is a military facility in Paktia Province, Afghanistan.
The airbase was used as a regional collection center in the program to disarm Afghanistan's local militias.

</doc>
<doc id="20215918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215918" title="Baekseoksan">
Baekseoksan

Baekseoksan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20215947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215947" title="Balwangsan">
Balwangsan

Balwangsan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20215956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215956" title="Gobiceratops">
Gobiceratops

Gobiceratops is a genus of ceratopsian dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous of Mongolia. It is based on a skull that is 3.5 centimeters (1.4 in) long, from the Khermin Tsav locality in the Barun Goyot Formation of southern Mongolia; the type individual was young. "Gobiceratops" is thought to have been related to "Bagaceratops", and a member of Bagaceratopidae. It was described in 2008 by Alifanov. The type species is "G. minutus".

</doc>
<doc id="20215983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215983" title="Christmas Night with the Stars">
Christmas Night with the Stars

Christmas Night with the Stars was a television show broadcast each Christmas night by the BBC from 1958 to 1972 (with the exception of 1961, 1965 and 1966) and also revived in 1994. The show was hosted each year by a leading star of BBC TV and featured specially made short seasonal editions (typically about 10 minutes long) of the previous year's most popular BBC sitcoms and light entertainment programs. The show was voted 24th in the Channel 4 100 Greatest Christmas Moments. Most of the variety segments no longer exist.
ITV countered with its own annual Christmas variety show ("All Star Comedy Carnival") from 1969 to 1973, while the BBC itself resurrected the format in 1982 with a special titled "The Funny Side of Christmas".
In December 2004 the BBC did a one-off special hosted by Michael Parkinson.

</doc>
<doc id="20215984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20215984" title="Astragalus ertterae">
Astragalus ertterae

Astragalus ertterae is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name Walker Pass milkvetch. It is endemic to California, where it is known from only three occurrences near Walker Pass in the Sierra Nevada. 
Description.
"Astragalus ertterae" is hairy perennial herb with a stem no more than 10 centimeters long, much of which grows underground. There are 4 or 5 leaves which are a few centimeters long and made up of several oval-shaped leaflets. The dense inflorescence holds up to 17 cream-colored flowers, each about a centimeter long. The fruit is a swollen, hairless legume pod which dries to a leathery texture.

</doc>
<doc id="20216022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216022" title="Rudolph Matt">
Rudolph Matt

Rudolph Matt (b. 10 September 1909 in St. Anton am Arlberg; d. 18 November 1993 in Innsbruck) was an Austrian alpine skier and world champion.
Matt became a world champion in the slalom in Innsbruck in 1936, before fellow Austrian Eberhard Kneissl, and finished 6th in the downhill and 4th in the combined event.
At the world championships in Engelberg in 1939 he finished 4th in the slalom.
During the Second World War, Matt escaped to Mount Cranmore in New Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="20216023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216023" title="P&amp;R">
P&amp;R

P&R may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20216024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216024" title="Pedro de Soto">
Pedro de Soto

Pedro de Soto (1493-1563) was a Spanish Dominican theologian.
De Soto was confessor to Holy Roman Emperor Charles V. Later, for six years, he served as senior chair of theology at the University of Dillingen, where he disputed with Protestants and worked with the Bishop of Augsburg to establish a Catholic academic stronghold. In May 1555 he was sent to London to take part in the late stages of the persecutions that led to the executions of the Oxford Martyrs, and was more generally involved in Reginald Pole's efforts to solidify England's return to Catholicism under Mary I. He served as theology professor at the University of Oxford from October 1555 to August 1556, teaching a course on the "Sentences" of Peter Lombard, with the Regius Professorship of Hebrew being temporarily appropriated to give him a position.
He was first theologian of Pope Pius IV at the third convocation of the Council of Trent (1559), but was accused in 1560 by the Inquisition in Valladolid of being influenced by Lutheranism, largely on the basis of having urged approval of Bartolomé Carranza's "Catechism", and comments he made at the Council. During the Council he wrote scripture-based poems that were set to music by the Flemish composer Jacobus de Kerle which reportedly influenced the deliberations of the Council Fathers on sacred music. He died in Trent in 1563 while the trial was still in its early stages.

</doc>
<doc id="20216055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216055" title="A-423,579">
A-423,579

A-423,579 is one of a range of histamine antagonists developed by Abbott Laboratories which are selective for the H3 subtype, and have stimulant and anorectic effects in animal studies making them potentially useful treatments for obesity. A-423,579 has improved characteristics over earlier drugs in the series with both high efficacy and low toxicity in studies on mice, and is currently in clinical development.

</doc>
<doc id="20216062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216062" title="2006 Golden Spin of Zagreb">
2006 Golden Spin of Zagreb

The 2006 Golden Spin of Zagreb was the Golden Spin of Zagreb for the 2006-2007 figure skating season. It was the 39th edition of that competition, which is one of the oldest extant skating competitions. Figure skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and ice dancing.
The competition was held between 16 and 19 November 2006 in the Dom Sportova Zagreb in Zagreb, Croatia. The Junior-level equivalent was the 2006 Golden Bear of Zagreb.
The compulsory dance was the Golden Waltz.

</doc>
<doc id="20216081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216081" title="Heather Terrell">
Heather Terrell

Heather Benedict Terrell is an American novelist and lawyer.
Life.
Terrell is a graduate of Upper St. Clair High School in Pittsburgh, Boston College, and Boston University School of Law. For ten years she was a litigator in New York City for Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom and Morrison & Foerster. Her success with her first novel, "The Chrysalis", prompted a career change to writing full time.
She lives in Pittsburgh with her husband Jim Terrell and their sons Jack and Ben.

</doc>
<doc id="20216082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216082" title="Blake &amp; Rice">
Blake &amp; Rice

Blake & Rice is an album of American guitarist Norman Blake and bluegrass guitarist Tony Rice, released on February 14, 1992. It is their first album together. They would team up again for "Norman Blake and Tony Rice 2" that same year.
Reception.
In his Allmusic review, critic Jim Smith wrote of the album "There is some exceptional flatpicking here, but even the more manic passages are tempered by a softness that is striking, and perhaps even a little disappointing, in its modesty. Once the listener gets past the desire to hear hardcore chops, though, the album reveals its full beauty..."
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="20216098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216098" title="Cốm">
Cốm

Cốm, or green rice, is a dish in Vietnamese cuisine. It is not dyed green, as can be done with pandan, but is immature rice kernels roasted over very low heat then pounded in a mortar and pestle until flattened. Cốm is seasonal dish associated with autumn. It can be eaten plain or with coconut. The taste is slightly sweet with a nutty flavor.
A traditional pastry, bánh cốm (green rice cake) is made using cốm with mung bean filling. Cốm is often offered to worship the ancestors in the Mid Autumn Festival. The green rice can also be used in sweet soup, chè cốm. Cốm is similar to "flat green rice" of the Khmer people.

</doc>
<doc id="20216146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216146" title="Sanjarzai">
Sanjarzai

Sanjarzai is a clan of the Dehwar tribe of Brahui Baloch in Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="20216168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216168" title="Arne Ronold">
Arne Ronold

Arne Ronold is a Norwegian Master of Wine, a journalist and editor of the Norwegian wine publication "Vinforum", and considered an expert on Italian and Burgundy wine.
Career.
Ronold was from 1993 until 2008 the only MW of Norway, and was the first in Scandinavia to attain the accreditation.
Prior to his career in wine he has a background in the research of theoretical physics, nuclear physics and mathematical flow models, with a degree in engineering from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology. 
A co-author of several books, including "Verdt å vite om vin" and "Italiensk Vin", he annually publishes the pocket-sized consumer guides "Norges beste vinkjøp".
"Vinforum".
In 1986 Ronold and Ola Dybvik founded the publication "Vinforum". The magazine is annually published by Pedicel AS in five issues, in addition to six subscriber newsletters that are distributed digitally or as paper edition. Typically ca. 70 pages long, the magazine includes features, wine reviews and a column by Jancis Robinson MW translated into Norwegian.
The motivation behind founding the magazine was, according to a statement in a 2010 "Vinforum" editorial by Dybvik, because the Norwegian alcohol monopoly chain store Vinmonopolet "failed in its responsibility to its customers by practicing an arrogance with the inherent insolence of dictating the tastes of the Norwegian people. And worst of all, they managed to convince the Norwegian people they were doing a good job." At the time Vinmonopolet had an Italian wine selection which totalled 14 labels (including reds, whites and sparkling). This situation has since improved significantly over two decades, with Dybvik declaring in 2010, "we are living in paradise".
In 2003 Ronold and "Vinforum" challenged the Norwegian ban on all advertisement of alcoholic drink, after the equivalent ban in Sweden had become overturned following actions by the magazine "Gourmet" and it had ben demonstrated to oppose EU free trade rules. In June 2009 Norwegian supreme court ruled against Ronold and "Vinforum", leaving the Norwegian alcoholic advertisement ban intact.
In 2012, Ola Dybvig sold his 50% shares of "Vinforum" publisher Pedicel AS to the publishing house Forlagshuset Vigmostad og Bjørke, a previous publication collaborator, with Arno Vigmostad and Arnstein Bjørke as replacement partners to Arne Ronold.

</doc>
<doc id="20216187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216187" title="Blind Dog">
Blind Dog

Blind Dog is an album of American guitarist Norman Blake, released in 1988.
Reception.
In his Allmusic review, critic Jason Ankeny called the album "a fine summation of bluegrass guitarist's Norman Blake's career and aesthetics, a largely instrumental collection of favorites from his own catalog as well as from his influences."
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="20216203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216203" title="The Last Scandal of My Life">
The Last Scandal of My Life

The Last Scandal of My Life () is a 2008 South Korean television series starring Choi Jin-sil, Jung Joon-ho, Jung Woong-in and Byun Jung-soo. It aired on MBC from March 8 to April 27, 2008 on Saturdays and Sundays at 21:40 for 16 episodes.
A romantic dramedy about a 39-year-old housewife who finds love with a top actor after a painful divorce, it was a modest hit on the small screen, with its final episode recording a 19.5% viewership rating.
Choi, one of Korea's most beloved actresses, shocked the nation when she took her own life in October 2008, five months after the TV series ended.
Plot.
Hong Sun-hee (Choi Jin-sil) is a 39-year-old housewife facing extreme financial difficulties due to her husband Ahn Yoo-shik's (Kim Byung-se) mounting debt. One day, Yoo-shik disappears, leaving Sun-hee to take care of the household. She later learns that he has married a rich woman. Now a single divorced mother with a thirteen year old daughter, Sun-hee runs into top actor Song Jae-bin (Jung Joon-ho) at a commercial shoot, and he turns out to be none other than her first boyfriend, Jang Dong-chul. Sun-hee was once the prettiest girl in high school, but in the years since she has let herself go and is now a middle-aged, plain-looking housewife, which is why Jae-bin doesn't recognize her at first. Greatly disappointed to find his first love so much changed, the egoistic, self-absorbed actor tries to avoid her. But the famous star is not without problems, either. To maintain his popularity, he deceives people about his age, background, history and even his name. Little wonder he is embarrassed to meet Sun-hee again, who knows all about his past. But Jae-bin's feelings change when Sun-hee moves into his home as a housekeeper and nanny to his nephew Hoon, son of his older brother and manager Dong-hwa (Jung Woong-in) and estranged from the boy's mother, Lee Na-yoon (Byun Jung-soo). At first alternately ignoring and teasing her, Jae-bin finds himself growing jealous when Sun-hee gets along with Dong-hwa, who unlike him, is gentle, kind and mature. Reminiscing about the good old days, Jae-bin recalls how beautiful Sun-hee was when they fell in love with each other 20 years ago. And in the present, he feels happy and relaxed with her, since he can be perfectly honest in front of her as an ordinary man, not as a famous actor who has to put on a show for the public. Thus, Jae-bin falls in love with Sun-hee all over again. He tries to show her in little ways: by having a hairstylist straighten out her unflattering perm into a stylish bob cut, buying her some nice clothes, and even paying for her laser eye surgery so that she'll be able to take off her thick, horn-rimmed glasses. But more than restoring her outer beauty, he also hopes to heal her emotional scars. 
Production.
"Ajumma" is the Korean word for middle-aged, married women (usually housewives), and they were previously portrayed on the small and big screen as unfashionable, aggressive or hot-tempered, and self-sacrificing.
Screenwriter Moon Hee-jung said the heroine she wrote was positive — Sun-hee is hardworking, brave and intelligent — because "the spiritedness of modern ajumma does not just include rebelling against their mothers-in-law. They contain a progressive spirit."
Calling the series a "trendy ajumma drama," director Lee Tae-gon said that he wanted to portray "the romance of people who believe their good days are over."
Lead actress Choi Jin-sil was perfect casting, as she was once the darling of Korean popular culture during the late 1980s through the 1990s, but a controversial marriage and divorce forced her into a five-year hiatus from acting, until she made a successful comeback with "My Rosy Life" in 2005. That role resurrected her career; she was no longer the girl-next-door, but had reinvented her image into someone more approachable — an ajumma. At the drama press conference, Choi said, "As an actress, it may be natural to want a role that is glamorous and pretty, but I'm more comfortable with acting as an ordinary person. Reality is an important factor in dramas, and so I wanted to portray the life of a real person. I am an ajumma myself. I think Korean ajumma are fearless. They are not afraid of anything. Although the character goes through emotional downfalls, she doesn't give up. I think it is courage that defines ajumma." 
In a December 2009 interview, actor Jung Joon-ho admitted that it was Choi Jin-sil who convinced him to take the role. He had initially passed on the role, but Choi personally went to one of his filming locations and told him that she wanted to collaborate with him in this drama. Touched by her sincerity, Jung accepted the offer. And when the first episode received ratings much lower than what both stars had expected, Choi comforted Jung, telling him not to lose hope, saying they would start from the bottom and work their way up. (After several episodes, the ratings did increase.) Jung said that Choi had a positive influence on the production, and working with her on this series left him the deepest and most unforgettable memories in his acting career.
Reception.
"The Last Scandal of My Life" recorded fairly successful ratings in the 19 percent range. Fans coined a new term: "jumderella syndrome," a portmanteau of the words ajumma and Cinderella, describing the onscreen fantasy that an ajumma can still be Cinderella and live happily ever after with her Prince Charming. Despite some criticism of Sun-hee's unrealistic transformation from a dowdy housewife, the ratings reflected that the story of an ajumma having a second chance at romance found resonance among viewers, especially middle-aged women. 
Because of the series' success, a second season was planned with Choi and Jung reprising their roles, which would have begun filming in November 2008. However, Choi committed suicide on October 2, 2008.
While accepting his award for Top Excellence in Acting at the MBC Drama Awards ceremony in December 2008, Jung Joon-ho spoke in a melancholy tone as he expressed his heartfelt thanks to the production crew. He dedicated his award to the late Choi Jin-sil, saying he really wished he could see the smile on her face. Choi posthumously received the Best Contribution Award, which Jung accepted on her behalf and presented to her family during a tribute to her in January 2009.
Netizens have commented that the drama series shares some similarities to Choi's life, in that she was also mistreated by her ex-husband Cho Sung-min, which led to their divorce. But in real life, there was no "prince charming" to come and save her. In a figurative sense, this series was the "last scandal" or the last drama of Choi's life.
Trivia.
Four of the actors, Jung Joon-ho, Jung Woong-in, Lee In-sung, and Lee Soo-ho, also appear together in the 2009 film "City of Damnation".

</doc>
<doc id="20216212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216212" title="Georges Schneider">
Georges Schneider

Georges Schneider (July 11, 1925 – September 10, 1963) was a Swiss alpine skier and world champion. 
He was born in La Chaux-de-Fonds.
Schneider became a world champion in the slalom in Aspen in 1950, before Zeno Colo and Stein Eriksen.
Olympic record.
He participated at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz, at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo where he finished 5th in giant slalom, and at the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo, where he finished 5th in slalom.

</doc>
<doc id="20216218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216218" title="Astragalus filipes">
Astragalus filipes

Astragalus filipes is a species of milkvetch known by the common name basalt milkvetch. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California to Utah, where it grows in many types of habitat, especially dry areas.
Description.
"Astragalus filipes" is a clumpy perennial herb growing 30 to 90 centimeters tall. The leaves are up to 12 centimeters long and made up of several widely spaced leaflets which are linear to oval in shape. The open inflorescence holds up to 30 off-white to pale yellow flowers each 1 to 1.5 centimeters long. 
The fruit is a hanging legume pod up to 3 centimeters long. It is long and thin and dries to a papery texture.

</doc>
<doc id="20216233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216233" title="Catherine DeVrye">
Catherine DeVrye

Catherine DeVrye is a Canadian born Australian author of 7 best selling non fiction books and a former Australian Executive Woman of the Year winner.
In addition to her writing, the former IBM executive also speaks internationally on customer service, managing change & turning obstacles to opportunities to follow your dream.

</doc>
<doc id="20216237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216237" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 132">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 132

The 132nd Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Lehigh County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20216272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216272" title="GABA transporter">
GABA transporter

GABA transporters are neurotransmitter transporters including:

</doc>
<doc id="20216290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216290" title="Steeple Rock">
Steeple Rock

Steeple Rock is the largest rock of Barrett Reef at the west of the entrance to Wellington Harbour, rising 7m above sea level. Its Māori name is Te Aroaro-o-Kupe (The front of Kupe), after being officially changed on 3 September 2009 from Te Ure-o-Kupe (The penis of Kupe). Kupe, the legendary discoverer of Aotearoa, is said to have injured himself on the rock while swimming.

</doc>
<doc id="20216323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216323" title="Uncial 0168">
Uncial 0168

Uncial 0168 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. It was dated paleographically to the 8th-century. 
The codex contained the four Gospels, with some lacunae. It was a palimpsest. The codex is now lost, and further details are unavailable. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 8th century. The codex was housed at the Melissa Brothers in Veria.
The text-type of this codex is unknown. Kurt Aland did not placed it in any Category.

</doc>
<doc id="20216330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216330" title="List of state legislative councils of Venezuela">
List of state legislative councils of Venezuela

This is a list of the state-level legislative councils of Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="20216332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216332" title="Mount Brown Fire Lookout">
Mount Brown Fire Lookout

The Mount Brown Fire Lookout in Glacier National Park is significant as one of a chain of manned fire lookout posts within the park. The low two-story timber-construction structure with a pyramidal roof was built in 1928. The design was a standard U.S. Forest Service plan.

</doc>
<doc id="20216334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216334" title="2009 PDL season">
2009 PDL season

The 2009 USL Premier Development League season was the 15th season of the PDL. The regular season began on May 1, 2009, and ended on July 19, 2009. The PDL Championship Game was held on August 8, 2009, and was broadcast on Fox Soccer Channel in the United States.
Ventura County Fusion finished the season as national champions, beating Chicago Fire Premier 2-1 in the PDL Championship game in Ventura, California on August 8, 2009.
Reading Rage finished with the best regular season record in the league, winning 13 out of their 16 games, suffering just one loss, and finishing with a +41 goal difference.
Reading Rage striker Aaron Wheeler was the league's top scorer and MVP, knocking in 17 goals, while his teammate Jon Ports led the league with 10 assists. Mississippi Brilla goalkeeper Josh Pantazelos enjoyed the best goalkeeping statistics, with a goals against average of 0.615 on the season, including 8 shutouts.
Standings.
In 2009, there was a more balanced 8 divisions (down from 10 in 2008). The top 3 from each division qualified for the play-offs, with the division champion receiving a bye through the first round.
"Purple indicates division title clinched"<br>
"Green indicates playoff berth clinched"
Southern Conference.
Mid South Division.
"Note: Austin finish in third place as a result of winning the head-to-head season series 2-0-1 against El Paso."
Playoffs.
Format.
The top three teams from each division earn playoff bids. The division champion earns a bye to the Division Finals and the rights to host. The second place team will host the third place team in the Division Semifinals either at their home field or at the division champion's field. The two notable exceptions were the Chicago Fire Premier hosting Forest City London in Fort Wayne, Indiana, and Ventura County Fusion hosting the Los Angeles Legends, despite Los Angeles having the higher seed.
Award Winners and Finalists.
The awards finalists, Goalkeeper of the Year, and All-League teams were announced on August 4, 2009, with the winners announced on August 6.
All-League and All-Conference Teams.
Central Conference.
F: Andre Akpan, CHI; Teal Bunbury, ROC; Tom Oatley*, KAL<br>
M: Dave Hertel*, MIC; Nolan Intermoia, TB; Brad Stisser, COL<br>
D: Anthony Di Biase, LON; Bonivenger Misiko*, FW; Wilson Neto, TB; Brian Wurst, KC<br>
G: Jimmy Maurer*, CHI<br>
Honorable Mention: Justin Ferguson, D, SPR; Saidi Isaac, F, IND; David Mueller, D, SL; Armin Mujdzic, F, DM; Yoram Mwila, M, CLE; Kyle Segebart, D, CIN; Jordan Webb, M, TOR
Eastern Conference.
F: Cody Arnoux, CAR; Adam Arthur, WV; Aaron Wheeler*, REA<br>
M: Will Beague*, OTT; Adam Gazda, REA; Zach Lloyd, CAR<br>
D: Brien Chamney, OTT; Christian Ibeagha*, CRY; Rich Martinez, LI; Sheanon Williams, CAR<br>
G: Tunde Ogunbiyi, OCC<br>
Honorable Mention: Frank Alesci, M, BRK; Zachary Carr, G, NJ; Kevon Harris, M, HR; Sean Kelley, G, NV; Michael Konicoff, M, WCH; Jerrod Laventure, F, NWK; Ken Manaham, G, FRB; Matthew Marcin, M, RI; Timothy Murray, G, NH; Ian Stowe, M, VIR
Southern Conference.
F: Zak Boggs, BRD; Salvador Luna, RGV; Debola Ogunseye*, MIS<br>
M: Danny Galvan, LAR;Greg Mulamba, LAR; Gary Stopforth, NO<br>
D: Jamie Cunningham, AUS; Dwyane Demmin, MIS; Thomas Wharf, PAN; Chris Williams*, NO<br>
G: Ryan Cooper, LAR<br>
Honorable Mention: Jay Ambrosy, M, HOU; Lief Craddock, G, WTU; Janrai Gravely, G, DFW; Tommy Krizanovic, F, CF; Wilfrid Loizeau, M, ATL; Felipe Lowall, M, BR; Ryan McDonald, D, NAS; Jorge Muniz, G, EP
Western Conference.
F: Rory Agu, TAC; Brent Whitfield, LA; Ryan Youngblood, POR<br>
M: Ely Allen, SEA; Tomislav Colic, SC; Michael Farfan, LA; Armando Ochoa*, HU<br>
D: Nick Cardenas, OGD; Mark Lee, KIT; Dan Scott*, SEA<br>
G: Dustyn Brim, KIT<br>
Honorable Mention: Richie Bindrup, M, BYU; Zach Brunner, G, LAN; Jason Devinish, M, VIC; Gagandeep Dosanjh, M, VAN; Eddie Gutierrez, M, FRE; Anthony Hamilton, F, VEN; Jacob Hustedt, M, BAK; Kristjan Johannson, G, ABB; Kristopher Minton, G, ORC; Vinicius Oliveira, F, YAK; John Prugh, F, SPO; Steve Reese, G, CSC

</doc>
<doc id="20216343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216343" title="USS Courtney (SP-375)">
USS Courtney (SP-375)

The first USS "Courtney" (SP-375) was a patrol vessel and minesweeper in commission in the United States Navy from 1917-1919.
"Courtney" was built in 1912 by Jackson and Sharpe, Boatbuilders of Wilmington, Delaware, as "Warren J. Courtney", a wooden-hulled steam fishing vessel of the "Menhaden Fisherman" design. The U.S. Navy acquired her from the C. E. Davis Packing Company of Reedville, Virginia, on 28 May 1917 for World War I service. She was designated SP-375, but before she could be put into commission as USS "Warren J. Courtney" the Navy shortened her compound name to the surname only under the terms of General Order No. 314 promulgated on 28 July 1917. She thus was commissioned at the Norfolk Navy Yard at Portsmouth, Virginia, on 10 August 1917, as USS "Courtney" (SP-375).
Intended for service as a convoy escort and patrol craft for "distant service," "Courtney" was fitted out and then sailed for France. She convoyed and escorted transports and supply ships, operating out of Brest, France, as a unit of the Patrol Force, until operational difficulties — unseaworthiness — resulted in the restriction of the "Menhaden Fisherman" trawlers to minesweeping and coastal duties. Thus, "Courtney" operated as a minesweeper for the rest of her career and through the end of World War I on 11 November 1918.
"Courtney" departed Brest for the United States with minesweeper and other vessels on 27 April 1919. Although weather conditions appeared favorable, a storm developed shortly after their departure. The ships headed back toward Brest, but in the heavy seas, "Courtney" and "Otis W. Douglas" sank on 27 April. "Courtney" was struck from the Naval Vessel Register the same day.

</doc>
<doc id="20216350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216350" title="Van Hoensbroeck">
Van Hoensbroeck

Van Hoensbroeck (in German: Hoensbroech) is an aristocratic family with medieval origins in the town of Hoensbroek near Heerlen in Limburg, Netherlands. Nicolaes Hoen is the first known ancestor of the family; he was killed in the Battle of Baesweiler in 1371. During many centuries, the family owned and lived on Hoensbroek Castle, which can still be visited today. They played an important social and political role in the region.
In the Netherlands a comital cadet branch survives. In Germany, the family continues to thrive as Marquess & Marchioness and counts von und zu Hoensbroech.
Killed in action during the Second World War.
Nine counts were killed in action during the Second World War:

</doc>
<doc id="20216352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216352" title="Destroyed in Seconds">
Destroyed in Seconds

Destroyed in Seconds is a half-hour American television series that airs on Discovery Channel. Hosted by Ron Pitts, it features video segments of various things being destroyed fairly quickly (hence, "in seconds") such as planes crashing, explosions, sinkholes, boats crashing, fires, race car incidents, floods, etc. The nature of the show closely resembles "Real TV". The show uses real video of real events, and commentary explaining the destruction portrayed. Most videos have stock sound effects added. Some of the events seen resulted in fatalities (but if so, very few), and all of the events have property damage. It is currently on hiatus.
Format.
Usually, if a destruction is horrible, very dangerous, heart-stopping, or results in many injuries, the show usually goes into commercial either right at the moment of impact, right before it, or a little afterwards. When the show starts again, it reviews what happened and then explains what started the incident.

</doc>
<doc id="20216376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216376" title="Caradog Falls Halt railway station">
Caradog Falls Halt railway station

Caradog Falls Halt railway station was one of five new halts on the Carmarthen to Aberystwyth Line (originally called the Manchester and Milford Railway before being transferred to the GWR), which were constructed during the 1930s. 
The halt opened in September 1932 to serve the nearby hamlet of Tynygraig, where a short tunnel ran underneath the road. It was also intended for the convenience of any visitors to the waterfalls. 
The station closed in December 1964 when services were truncated at Strata Florida, following flood damage to the line at Llanilar. Formal closure was confirmed two months later.

</doc>
<doc id="20216384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216384" title="Quartz Lake Patrol Cabin">
Quartz Lake Patrol Cabin

The Quartz Lake Patrol Cabin in Glacier National Park is a significant resource both architecturally and historically as shelters, one-day's travel (8–12 miles) apart, for rangers patrolling the backcountry. The National Park Service Rustic log cabin was built in 1930 by local builder Austin Weikert, using National Park Service standard plan G913. The cabin is adjacent to the western shore of Quartz Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20216393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216393" title="Otto Furrer">
Otto Furrer

Otto Furrer (19 October 1903 – 26 July 1951) was a Swiss alpine skier and cross-country skier and world champion. 
Furrer was born in Zermatt. He became a world champion in the combined event, received a silver medal in the slalom and a bronze medal in the downhill in Cortina d'Ampezzo in 1932. He was killed in an accident on the Matterhorn.

</doc>
<doc id="20216398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216398" title="Pakistanis in Italy">
Pakistanis in Italy

Pakistanis in Italy form one of Europe's larger Pakistani diaspora communities. Estimates for the number of Pakistanis living in Italy vary. Pakistan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs repeats the Italian government's 2003 figure of 30,500 individuals, while their embassy in Rome speculated to a reporter of Pakistani newspaper "Dawn" as early as 2002 that the number might have already reached as high as 50,000. Media reports in 2010 gave numbers higher than 80,000.
Migration.
Most Pakistani migrants are employed in the north of Italy, around Milan; they earn roughly US$700 per month in wages. Even those who entered the country illegally obtain jobs and employment permission fairly easily, due to labour shortages in Italy caused by the ageing population and shrinking workforce.
The sheer number of applicants for new passports has placed a severe strain on the Pakistani embassy. A long queue stretches outside the door all week long, with an average of sixty applications per day and a peak of 120 on Mondays. Typically, one must have some proof of citizenship, such as an identity card, in order to obtain a new passport; applicants lacking any such proof must undergo interviews in which embassy officials quiz them on basic facts about Pakistan to determine if they are actually citizens of the country. In one case, a young applicant who claimed to be from Swat did not even know the name of the Wāli of Swat, but the embassy issued him a new passport anyway on the strength of his uncle's assurances that the youth was indeed a Pakistani citizen. The Pakistani ambassador to Italy often interviews the applicants personally and renders immediate decisions; however, other staff members of the embassy, even typists and drivers, have had to help in processing the flood of applications. Pakistanis initially praised the services of the embassy, comparing them favourably to Pakistani embassies in other countries where it was common for the staff to demand bribes. However, the high workload caused increasing backlogs, which by 2007 meant that 20,000 Pakistani migrants lost the chance to regularise their status and obtain work permits; migrants described the embassy's attitude as "unreasonable" and even threatened to set themselves on fire in protest.
Cultural integration.
The settlement of Pakistanis to Italy has produced cultural tensions. Pakistanis living in Sarezzo, a town in the Province of Brescia, are believed to have carried out Italy's first honour killing in June 2007; a man and two of his brothers-in-law were sentenced to thirty years in prison for the killing of the man's 20-year old daughter, who was living with her boyfriend, an Italian man, and had refused an arranged marriage. They had slit her throat and buried her body in their back garden.
A monthly Urdu-language magazine called "Azad" (which means "free" in Urdu) has been launched. It aims to bridge the two cultures by helping Pakistani immigrants who either cannot speak Italian or have limited interaction with the locals. It also helps Pakistanis to learn about Italy and its culture.
According to media commentator Ejaz Ahmad, himself a Pakistani with two decades of residence in Italy, roughly 10,000 Pakistani migrants have purchased homes in Italy, which he analyses as a signal of their intention to remain in the country.
Services to Italy.
The Abdus Salam International Centre for Theoretical Physics (ICTP) [http://www.ictp.it/] was founded in 1964 by Pakistani scientist and Nobel Laureate Abdus Salam. It operates under a tripartite agreement among the Italian Government, UNESCO, and International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). It is located near the Miramare Park, about 10 kilometres from the city of Trieste, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="20216422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216422" title="The Kings of Clonmel">
The Kings of Clonmel

The Kings of Clonmel is the eighth novel in the "Ranger's Apprentice" series by Australian author John Flanagan. It was released in Australia on 4 November 2008.
Plot summary.
While at the annual Rangers' Gathering, Will is informed by Crowley that Halt will not be able to attend as he is investigating things in the west of the country. A mysterious group of people are going around, recruiting people and stealing gold in an unlikely fashion. Meanwhile, Halt is watching the group, who are acting in a small village called Selsey, in Araluen, although not governed by any fief. He manages to stop them burning the boats, which they put as an "omen" to their god of gold, Alseiass. He finds that the plot to build a golden temple is fake, they are stealing the gold, and making the temple out of wood, coated in gold. He manages to capture their leader, and expel the group from the village. Halt is puzzled, as when the leader sees him, he says, "What are you doing here?". Halt is sure he and the man never met before. Back at the rangers Annual Gathering, two Ranger apprentices graduate at a ceremony, where Crowley asks Will to take care of three more apprentices for a while. He does this, and Crowley tells him that he has been moved to Redmont fief to share half of it with Halt. It is where he grew up, and where Alyss, (the girl he has a romantic relationship with) lives. Halt's wife, Pauline also lives there. Will rides to the fief, where he is greeted by a feast made by his childhood friend, Jenny. He greets Pauline, and Crowley, then Halt arrives. Crowley assigns Will, Halt, and Horace (Will's current best friend, and a knight) to investigate Clonmel. Halt tells them he knows the king, and when they ask how, he tells them he is the King's brother. They go around, investigating the Outsiders (the group who are stealing gold). When Halt's brother tells them he made a deal with the Outsiders, he is knocked out by Horace, and Halt takes the king's place (they are twins). The Outsiders' leader, Tennyson, is angry, and challenges Horace to duel his two giant bodyguards. Horace accepts. Will meanwhile, is investigating a camp, and he sees that Tennyson has recruited three Genovesans (foreigners; assassins). He tells Horace and Halt this, and Halt is expecting treachery from Tennyson. The duel proceeds, with Horace barely winning against the chain and mace used by the first giant. Horace is then drugged by the assassins, causing his eyes to waver a lot, and he is unable to see clearly. Will shoots the second giant in the arm, after which he manages to accuse Tennyson. Tennyson escapes, though not before killing Halt's brother. Halt abdicates the throne to his nephew, Sean, a warrior and worthy king. They begin to follow Tennyson's trail to Picta, thus ending the book.
Recurring characters.
Will - the protagonist of the series. He is a young man who had been studying with Halt, a legendary ranger. He had learned much over the years and is now very accomplished in all facets of the ranger skills. He has been part of numerous conflicts. He recently managed to successfully overcome a warmweed addiction and made friends with Erak the new Oberjarl of Skandia. He was originally conscious of his small height and thin, wiry frame (because he wanted to be a knight before becoming Halt's apprentice) but has come to be proud of them as they suit his Ranger profession.
Halt - Will's teacher and mentor. He has done many things for the Kingdom over his years of service and is regarded as one of the best Rangers of the time. He appears grim and silent, embodying the Ranger stereotype that appears throughout the book, but he does have a caring side. When Will was younger, he acted as his father figure.
Horace - Horace was once an arch enemy of Will's; every moment he had been picking on Will for his dream of being a Knight. Since he went to battle school he has learned many things and has become a close friend of Will's, accompanying him on some missions and attempting to save him when he and the King's Daughter, Cassandra (Evanlyn), were taken captive by the Skandians. Horace also gains the honour and valour of a knight, and is appalled to see anyone's disrespect or lack of chivalry.

</doc>
<doc id="20216429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216429" title="Fabes de la Granja">
Fabes de la Granja

"Fabes la granxa" (Asturian, beans of the farm) are a type of white runner bean cultivated in the autonomous community of Asturias. It is primarily used as an ingredient of Fabada Asturiana. They are also known as 'Judiones'.
For beans (legumes) to qualify as "Fabes la granja" they must have the following characteristics:
This variety has a high fat content, which makes it especially smooth and greasy.

</doc>
<doc id="20216443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216443" title="Upper Logging Lake Snowshoe Cabin">
Upper Logging Lake Snowshoe Cabin

The Upper Logging Lake Snowshoe Cabin was built in 1925 in Glacier National Park. The National Park Service Rustic as a shelter (about one day's travel, or eight to twelve miles) for rangers patrolling the backcountry. The design is similar to that used in Yellowstone National Park, which was in turn adapted from U.S. Forest Service shelters, which were themselves adaptations of trapper cabins.

</doc>
<doc id="20216447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216447" title="Konrad Beyerle">
Konrad Beyerle

Konrad Beyerle was a German physicist. During World War II, he was in charge of centrifuge research and development at "Anschütz & Co. G.m.b.H." He participated in the development of ultracentrifuges for the enrichment of uranium done under the auspices of the German nuclear energy project, also known as the Uranium Club. After the war, he was head of the Institute for Instrumentation of the Max Planck Society.
Education.
Beyerle had a doctorate.
Career.
As late as 1935, Beyerle was employed at the "Allgemeine Elektrizitäts-Gesellschaft" (AEG, General Electric Company). No later than 1938, he was employed at the "Anschütz & Co. G.m.b.H."
Shortly after the discovery of nuclear fission in December 1938/January 1939, the "Uranverein", i.e., the German nuclear energy project, had an initial start in April before being formed a second time under the "Heereswaffenamt" (HWA, Army Ordnance Office) in September 1939. Beyerle soon brought his industrial expertise to the project for the development of an ultracentrifuge for the enrichment of uranium-235, in collaboration with Paul Harteck, director of the Physical Chemistry Department at the University of Hamburg, and his colleague Wilhelm Groth. Construction began in the autumn of 1941, and it was done under the auspices of an "Heereswaffenamt" contract let by Kurt Diebner, director of the "Kernforschungsrat" (Nuclear Research Council), under General Carl Heinrich Becker of the HWA. Konrad Beyerle was in charge of centrifuge development at "Anschütz" in Kiel. In 1943, enrichment to 5% was achieved, however, technical difficulties and the war hindered large-scale production. In July 1944, the "Anschütz" company was struck during an Allied air raid, and the exact part of the plant that was working on centrifuges was destroyed. Beyerle moved his effort south and merged with Hartick’s group in Freiburg and Kandern, the locations to which the Institute of Physical Chemistry had moved in hopes of avoiding Allied air raids. Avoiding the air raids only lasted until September 1944. 
After World War II, Beyerle was head of the "Institut für Instrumentenkunde" (Institute for Instrumentation) of the "Max-Planck-Gesellschaft" (MPG, Max Planck Society, successor organization to the "Kaiser-Wilhelm Gesellschaft"), in Göttingen, where he continued research and development of centrifuges. Two of his colleagues at the institute were H. Freise and H. Billing.
Internal Reports.
The following report was published in "Kernphysikalische Forschungsberichte" ("Research Reports in Nuclear Physics"), an internal publication of the German "Uranverein". The reports were classified Top Secret, they had very limited distribution, and the authors were not allowed to keep copies. The reports were confiscated under the Allied Operation Alsos and sent to the United States Atomic Energy Commission for evaluation. In 1971, the reports were declassified and returned to Germany. The reports are available at the Karlsruhe Nuclear Research Center and the American Institute of Physics.

</doc>
<doc id="20216460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216460" title="Patareni">
Patareni

Patareni are a punk rock / noise / grindcore band from Croatia, formed in 1983. Owing to their formation at such an early date, they are considered to be one of the earliest grindcore bands. Their name comes from Pataria, a medieval sect.
Their discography is extensive, consisting of many CDs, LPs and split singles with bands such as Extreme Noise Terror, Agathocles and Cripple Bastards. Through these releases they gained a reputation as a cult band and many bands have cited Patareni as being one of their primary influence, which prompted the release of "A Tribute to the Patareni". In 2009, "Terrorizer" listed Patareni's "Back to the Roots" as one of its top 20 essential European grindcore albums. James Hoare commented: "Much beloved by Anal Cunt's Seth Putnam, who felt moved enough to write to them back in the day, Croatia's Patareni were the band for whom the word 'raw' was coined.. Hugely influential, some grindcore historians even argue they were the first. Either way, 'Back to the Roots' is a feats of strangely melodic crust and urgent stabs of grind like the twelve-second 'Sajkunda'."
Patareni guitarist Davor played also for Hladno Pivo, one of the most popular rock bands in Croatia and other countries of the former Yugoslavia. Two members of Slovenian grindcore group Extreme Smoke also occasionally played in Patareni. Former member Giulio the Bastard of Italian grindcore band Cripple Bastards has also sung for Patareni.

</doc>
<doc id="20216502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216502" title="Athletics at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's long jump">
Athletics at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's long jump

The Men's Long Jump event at the 2000 Summer Olympics took place on Monday, 25 September, and Thursday, 28 September 2000, in Sydney, Australia.
Qualifying.
Held on 25 September 2000.
The qualifying distance was 8.15m. For all qualifiers who did not achieve the standard, the remaining spaces in the final were filled by the longest jumps until a total of 12 qualifiers.
Final.
Held on 28 September 2000
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20216515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216515" title="Charles Lucas (politician)">
Charles Lucas (politician)

Charles Lucas (16 September 1713 – 4 November 1771) was an Irish apothecary, physician and politician. He sat as Member of Parliament for Dublin City and was known as the "Irish Wilkes" because of his radical views.
Early life.
Lucas was the younger son of Benjamin Lucas of Ballingaddy, County Clare. Benjamin Lucas died about 1727, leaving £937 to his family, of which Charles was to receive £80. Having served the usual apprenticeship as an apothecary, Lucas was admitted to the Guild of St. Mary Magdalene.
Apothecary.
For many years Lucas kept a shop in Charles Street, Dublin. He married his first wife Anne Blundell in 1734. In conducting his business Lucas was struck with certain abuses connected with the sale of drugs, and in 1735 published "A Short Scheme for Preventing Frauds and Abuses in Pharmacy, humbly offered to the Consideration of the Legislature". His pamphlet was resented by his fellow-apothecaries, but was the cause of an act being passed for the inspection of medicines. In 1741 he published his "Pharmacomastix, or the Office, Use, and Abuse of Apothecaries Explained", and had the satisfaction of seeing the former act renewed.
Political career.
In this year he was chosen one of the representatives of his corporation on the Common Council of the City of Dublin. He soon came to the conclusion that the board of Aldermen had illegally usurped many of the powers belonging of right to the entire corporation. Aided by James La Touche, a prominent merchant of the city, he secured the appointment of a committee, with Latouche as chairman, to inspect the charters and records of the city. The Aldermen strenuously resisted reform, and in 1743 he published "A Remonstrance against certain Infringements on the Rights and Liberties of the Commons and Citizens of Dublin", arguing that the right of electing Aldermen lay with the entire corporation. His argument was disputed by Recorder Stannard, and in the following year Lucas published his closely reasoned and temperate "Divelina Libera: an Apology for the Civil Rights and Liberties of the Commons and Citizens of Dublin". During the year the controversy continued with unabated zeal on both sides (see "The Proceedings of the Sheriffs and Commons", &c., Dublin, 1744, and "A Message from the Sheriffs and Commons to the Lord Mayor and Aldermen... protesting against the Election of George Ribton", Dublin, 26 Sept. 1744). By Lucas's efforts a fund was raised by voluntary subscription, and a suit commenced on 7 November 1744 against the Aldermen in the court of king's bench. But after a hearing of two days, permission was refused by the judge to lodge an information, and the victorious Aldermen struck out the names of Lucas and his supporters from the following triennial return of the Common Council. On 25 December 1747 Lucas presented a printed statement of the case, entitled "The Complaints of Dublin", to the Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland, the Earl of Harrington, but Harrington declined to move in the business.
When in August 1748 a vacancy occurred in the parliamentary representation of the city of Dublin, Lucas offered himself as a candidate. Alderman Sir Samuel Cooke and James La Touche also came forward, and although the views of Lucas and Latouche were practically identical, neither would withdraw. To advance his candidature, Lucas in 1748-9 published twenty political addresses to his fellow-citizens, explaining his views on the constitution, reflecting severely on the corruption prevailing in the House of Commons, and advocating the principles expounded by William Molyneux in favour of parliamentary independence. He rejected the claim that Ireland was a conquered colony dependent on the government and parliament of Great Britain. He continued "...it must now be confessed that there was no general rebellion in Ireland, since the first British invasion, that was not raised or fomented by the oppression, instigation, evil influence or connivance of the English." These addresses and a certain paper called "The Censor, or Citizen's Journal", offended not only the court party, but also the friends of La Touche, whose character was roughly handled by Lucas, especially in his fourteenth address. In counter addresses and pamphlets Lucas was stigmatised as a needy adventurer, a man of no family, and a political firebrand. 
While the election was still pending, the death of Alderman Nathaniel Pearson in May 1749 caused a second vacancy in the representation, and Lucas and La Touche became partly reconciled in opposing Cooke and the second aldermanic candidate, Charles Burton. Shortly afterwards, the corporation having resolved to farm the revenues of the city to a certain Alderman, Lucas denounced the affair as a job, and the council in which the resolution had been passed as packed. The corporation voted the charge false and malicious, and refused to hear Lucas in his defence. The censure was confirmed at a subsequent meeting, and a vote of thanks passed to the author of a pamphlet entitled "Lucas Detected", conjectured to have been Edmund Burke, at that time a student at Trinity College. But an appeal by Lucas to the corporation secured fifteen votes out of the twenty-five in his favour. 
About the same time he printed, with a translation and notes, "The Great Charter of the City of Dublin". The lords justices refused (15 May 1749) his request to transmit it to the king, with a "Dedication to his Majesty." But on the return of Lord Harrington, Lucas waited on him at the castle on 8 October, and gave him a copy, together with a collection of his political addresses. Lucas was favourably impressed with his reception. Two days later (5 October), however, he attended a levee, and was peremptorily required to leave the castle. Next day he published the story in a newspaper, "with thanks to his excellency for the honour he did him," and on the day following, 7 October, issued "An Address to his Excellency... with a Preface to the Free and Independent Citizens of Dublin", commenting on his treatment.
The date of the parliamentary election was approaching, and the government resolved to prevent Lucas from proceeding to the poll. When Parliament assembled on 10 October, the lord-lieutenant in his speech from the throne animadverted on certain bold attempts to create jealousies between the two kingdoms. The reference to Lucas was unmistakable, and the commons, on a motion of Sir Richard Cox, ordered Lucas and his printer to appear at the bar of the house. Esdall, Lucas's publisher, absconded; but the copy of his publications presented to the lord-lieutenant was put in evidence against him. The feeling of the house ran strongly against him, although the people of Dublin were hotly in his favour. Being ordered to withdraw, a series of resolutions was passed declaring him to be an enemy to his country, calling upon the attorney-general to prosecute him for his offence, and ordering his immediate imprisonment in Newgate.
Physician.
His first intention was to submit quietly to his punishment; but finding that he was to be treated with scant decency, he escaped to the Isle of Man, and thence to London. After his flight he was presented by the grand juries of the county and city of Dublin as a common libeller. A proclamation was issued by the lord-lieutenant, at the request of the House of Commons, for his apprehension, and an engraver who advertised a mezzotint of him, as "an exile for his country, who seeking for liberty lost it," was committed to prison by order of the House of Commons. Finally, at the Christmas assembly of the Dublin Corporation, he was disfranchised. Meanwhile Cooke and Latouche had been elected to represent Dublin in parliament. 
After a short residence in London, Lucas proceeded to the continent for the purpose of studying medicine. At Paris he studied under Petit, and after visiting Rheims proceeded to Leyden, where he graduated M.D. on 20 December 1752. The title of his thesis was "De Gangrena et Sphacelo", written in Latin. Не then visited Spa, Aachen, and other baths for the purpose of investigating the composition of their mineral waters. He returned to England in 1753, proceeding to Bath, and after a series of elaborate experiments conducted in public he went to London, where he established himself in practice. In 1756 he published "An Essay on Waters. In three Parts: (i) of Simple Waters, (ii) of Cold Medicated Waters, (iii) of Natural Baths". This treatise, reviewed by Dr. Johnson, gave great offence to the faculty at Bath, and having occasion to visit that place in 1757 he became involved in an acrimonious controversy with the heads of the profession there owing to their refusal to consult with him. But the book obtained for him considerable reputation, and enabled him, it is improbably said, to make an annual income of £3,000 by his profession. On 25 June 1759 he was admitted a licentiate of the College of Physicians of London, and he established a successful practice in London.
Return to Ireland.
In view of the general election at the accession of George III, Lucas published in November 1760 a pamphlet entitled "Seasonable Advice to the Electors... of Ireland in general, to those of Dublin in particular". In the same month he determined to offer himself as a candidate for the city of Dublin, notwithstanding the consequent loss of his practice in London. After assuring himself that the electors of Dublin "were warmed with the same sentiments in which he left them," he obtained a personal interview with the king in order to petition for pardon, and being favourably received was enabled to return to Dublin, 15 March 1761, on a "nolle prosequi". His return was the occasion of great popular rejoicing; the order for his disfranchisement was annulled at the midsummer assembly of the corporation; and in July the degree of Doctor of Physic was conferred upon him by Trinity College, Dublin. During the election Lucas's colleague, Colonel Dunn, withdrew his candidature in order to insure Lucas's return, which was strongly opposed by the aldermanic party. After a thirteen days' poll he and Recorder Grattan, father of Henry Grattan, were elected, and he continued to represent Dublin City till his death in 1771.
In parliament Lucas does not appear to have shone as an orator; but by assiduously bringing every question of importance before the public, he had the merit of reviving "that constitutional connection which ought to subsist between the constituents and their representative." On the first day of the session, 22 October 1761, he obtained leave to bring in the heads of a bill for shortening the duration of parliaments, which he presented to the house on 28 October; but on a motion to have it transmitted to England it was defeated by a majority of sixty-five. Shortly afterwards he presented the heads of two new bills for securing the freedom of parliament. In 1763 the "Freeman's Journal", a biweekly newspaper, was started by three Dublin merchants under the management of Henry Brooke (1703?-l783). Lucas contributed to it from its commencement, sometimes anonymously, but generally under the signature of "A Citizen" or "Civis." Small as were its literary merits, the paper enjoyed at first great popularity, owing to the gratuitous contributions of Lucas and its strenuous assertion of Irish Protestant privileges.
In 1766 Lucas unsuccessfully opposed a bill to prevent the exportation of grain, on the ground that certain alterations made in it by the English privy council were detrimental to the rights of the Irish parliament. He justified his conduct in "An Address to the Lord Mayor and Citizens of Dublin", and replied to further censure in "A Second Address to the Lord Mayor". Several guilds, and among them the Guild of Merchants, presented addresses of thanks to him, and it was even proposed to grant him a salary of £365 a year out of the city treasury as a public acknowledgment of his services in parliament. The proposal was rejected by the Aldermen, and its rejection led to a renewal of the old quarrel between them and the commons, and to fresh manifestations of public sympathy with Lucas.
In 1768 Lucas strongly opposed the scheme for the augmentation of the army, on the ground partly that he favoured the establishment of a national militia, but chiefly because in his opinion, "Standing parliaments and standing armies have ever proved the most dangerous enemies to civil liberty." In this year he caused considerable sensation by trying to institute a parliamentary inquiry into the case of a soldier whom he regarded as the victim of military discipline. His efforts in parliament proving unsuccessful, he published a pamphlet entitled "A Mirror for Courts-Martial: in which the Complaints, Trial, Sentence, and Punishment of David Blakeney are examined". It is probably to his conduct on this occasion that Lord Townshend referred in a letter to the Marquess of Granby, "Here is a Doctor Lucas, the Wilkes of Ireland, who has been playing the devil here and poisoning all the soldiery with his harangues and writings; but I have treated this nonsensical demagogue as he deserves, with his mob at his heels." Lord Townshend's protest against the right of the Irish House of Commons to originate money bills, and his sudden prorogation of parliament in December 1769 drew from Lucas early in 1770 a pamphlet entitled "The Rights and Privileges of Parliament asserted upon constitutional Principles". It was announced in the newspapers that an answer, "published by authority," entitled "The Usage of holding Parliaments and of preparing Bills of Supply in Ireland, stated from Record", would shortly appear. The book appeared on the day announced, but was instantly suppressed. A copy, however, came into Lucas's possession, and finding that it told more against than for the government he immediately republished it, with a sarcastic introduction and commentary.
From his earliest years Lucas had been a martyr to hereditary gout, which rendered him a complete cripple, and latterly obliged him to be carried to the House of Commons. Nevertheless, says an eye-witness, "the gravity and uncommon neatness of his dress, his grey, venerable locks, blending with a pale but interesting countenance, in which an air of beauty was still visible, altogether excited attention, and I never saw a stranger come into the house without asking who he was." He died at his residence in Henry Street, Dublin, on Monday 4 November 1771. His remains were honoured with a public funeral of imposing solemnity. He was interred in the family burial-ground in St. Michan's churchyard. Lucas’s son Henry and other relatives were in attendance at his funeral, as were his friends Lord Charlemont, Flood and Adderley. The mourners also included officers and many hundred brethren of the guilds and the Lord Mayor with representatives of the Corporation and the Vice-Provost and scholars of Trinity College.
There are several engraved portraits of Lucas, but the best is a mezzotint from a half-length by Sir Joshua Reynolds in the National Gallery of Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="20216524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216524" title="2005 Golden Spin of Zagreb">
2005 Golden Spin of Zagreb

The 2005 Golden Spin of Zagreb was the Golden Spin of Zagreb for the 2005-2006 figure skating season. It was the 38th edition of that competition, which is one of the oldest extant skating competitions. Figure skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, pair skating, and ice dancing.
The competition was held between November 11 and November 13, 2005 in the Dom Sportova in Zagreb, Croatia. The Junior-level equivalent was the 2005 Golden Bear of Zagreb.

</doc>
<doc id="20216525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216525" title="Dimitrios Roussopoulos">
Dimitrios Roussopoulos

Dimitrios I. Roussopoulos (born 1936) is a political activist, ecologist, writer, editor, publisher, community organizer, and public speaker. Educated in philosophy, politics and economics at several Montreal universities and London. Roussopoulos has sought to keep himself free from any academic confinement, and apart from having taught for two years in the late sixties at a college that followed the progressive education philosophy of John Dewey, he has remained institutionally independent.
Life and Work.
He founded, in 1959, the Combined Universities Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament in Canada, having organised the first post-war student demonstration in the capital, Ottawa, on December 25 of that year. The CUCND grew quickly and established 22 campus chapters across the country. He remained the Federal Chairman until 1964, and was organizer of a 64-hour vigil in front of the House of Commons in Ottawa, when a 160,000-signature petition was handed to the then Prime Minister, Lester B. Pearson, which urged Canada not to acquire nuclear weapons. The successive Liberal government did acquire nuclear warheads for the Bomarc B missiles, but the Liberal government, with Pierre Trudeau as prime minister, removed all nuclear weapons from Canada. He influenced the creation of the Canadian Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament which together with the CUCND mounted the fight to prevent Canada from acquiring nuclear weapons. He founded and edited its monthly Canada-wide newspaper, "Sanity".
Roussopoulos founded and edited Canada’s first peace research quarterly journal in 1961, "Our Generation". Its first issue gained a circulation of 3000 and was prefaced by Bertrand Russell. The journal evolved into an international new left journal, titled "Our Generation". By the mid-sixties the journal evolved further into a journal on the theory and practice of anarchism, ceasing publication in 1992. In its closing years, the journal had a subscription list of 2800 in over a dozen countries.
In 1962 he co-founded the International Confederation for Disarmament and Peace (ICDP) at the University of Oxford, which brought together for the first time all the non-aligned new nuclear disarmament movements and pacifist organisations in some 20 countries as a counterbalance to the pro-Soviet World Peace Council. The ICDP was among the first to protest and help organize opposition to the Soviet occupation of Czechoslovakia. Roussopoulos organised in August 1968 the first international meeting of the new left in Ljubljana, Yugoslavia with delegates from several countries, including Frank Wolff from the German SDS and Bernadine Dorne from the U.S. SDS. He was an active council member throughout the history of the ICDP which mobilized world-wide opposition against the Vietnam War.
He helped transform the CUCND into the Canadian new left movement; it become the Student Union for Peace Action , which Roussopoulos co-founded as its convention in Regina in 1964. In 1965, he organised a vigil and sit-in at the U.S. consulate in Montreal, against the Vietnam War and civil rights repression in the USA during the Selma to Montgomery March. This action, combining these two issues was then transformed into the largest sit-down in Montreal’s history, when French-language students (organised by the Quebec student Union, UGEQ) and McGill University students blockaded a large block in front of the U.S. consulate on MacGregor Street (now Penfield), to all traffic for several hours. Dimitri Roussopoulos was elected onto the Youth advisory council of the Universal Exposition held as Expo 67 in Montreal. He got Coca Cola removed as sponsor of the Youth Pavilion during Expo, helped transform the pavilion exhibit to one reflecting the values of the 60s youth movement, and got Hiroshima Day, August 6, 1967, designated as youth day on the grounds of the fair with many renown artists performing during a peace festival. SUPA campaigned against the Vietnam war, and Canada’s complicity with the American side in supplying the U.S. military with Canadian manufactured weaponry. SUPA was a non-aligned movement during the Cold War and so Dimitri Roussopoulos organised protests against the U.S. export of Cruise and Pershing missiles to western Europe, often in coordination with the European Nuclear Disarmament (END) movement. In October 1984, he organised the largest protest against both the new U.S. missiles for Europe and the Soviet SS20 missiles for Eastern Europe, when over 10,000 Montrealers formed a human chain of protest from the American to the Soviet consulates in the city. In June 1982 he also organised the biggest protest caravan of 42 buses travelling from Montreal to New York City to join the 1-million person protest demonstration during the opening of the Second Special United Nations Assembly on Disarmament. U.S. Customs and the State Department prevented him at the Montreal airport from flying to New York. He remained active with SUPA until its demise in 1969. The Canadian new left was involved in a wide range of projects from ant-poverty work in Kingston to opposing the exploitation of native people in Saskatchewan to anti-war activity.
In 1969 he co-edited. with the American sociologist C.George Benello, the first book on participatory democracy. "The Case for Participatory Democracy" was published as a paperback by Vintage Press, New York, in 1970.
In 1969, he also founded the international left-wing book publishing project, Black Rose Books which published it first book in 1970. He edited and had published ‘The New Left in Canada’, the first book on the subject. This book went through three printing selling some 5000 copies, a record for this kind of book at the time. He also played an important role in the national arena of Canadian publishing, especially among a new generation of young publishers who emerged in the 1970s challenging the hegemony of U.S. and British publishers who dominated the Canadian bookstores and libraries at the time. As such, he advocated and encouraged a new generation of radical writers to propose, through well-documented texts, an alternative view of Canadian society and its problems. In his role as a council member of the Independent Publishers Association, later the Association of Canadian Publishers (ACP), whose members were publishers wholly owned by Canadians, he forcefully promoted a more activist publishing politics. Bringing insights gained from the publishing experience and history of Scandinavian publishers he promoted greater self-reliance and coalition-building with authors (hence his role in the founding of the Canadian Public Lending Rights Commission), librarians and booksellers. As such, he helped organise the first English-Canadian conference that brought all these actors together to discuss forming a common cultural front. It was his view that more had to be done to assure the highest profile of Canadian authored and published books in bookstores and libraries. Even though he was eventually elected as vice-president of the ACP, he left the associated frustrated and disturbed by the self-serving commercial values of most Canadian publishers.
Black Rose Books also published a suppressed or forgotten series of classics in the tradition of anti-authoritarian literature, challenging the political hegemony of Marxism, especially Marxism-Leninism on the one hand and social democracy on the other. Thus most of the political works of Noam Chomsky were first introduced into Canada by Black Rose Books, as were almost all of the works of Murray Bookchin. Black Rose Books, for example, published the complete works of Peter Kropotkin, with introductions by the renowned George Woodcock, including the first English-language translation of what in English is titled “Words of a Rebel”. The publishing programme also included publishing some 11 books on the legacy of Karl Polanyi (1886–1964). Since Black Rose Books was founded, almost 500 titles have been published in a variety of social sciences and humanities subject areas. All these works were based on a radical analysis of industrial societies, posing alternatives to living under present conditions. He founded the French-language semi-annual journal Noir et Rouge which published only three issues from 1968 to 1970 as the third issue was seized by the police during the October Crisis in Quebec. Having published over 500 titles, Black Rose Books became the largest left-wing book publisher in Canada and one of the major publishers of this type in the English-speaking world.
Since the early 1970s, Dimitri Roussopoulos has highlighted the centrality of community organisation, neighbourhoods and cities as the primary and priority terrain for social and political change. Consequently he helped found, in downtown Montreal, the Milton-Park Citizens Committee. This group of local residents undertook a major 11-year struggle confronting urban renewal and in effect stopping most of the destruction of a heritage six-city-block neighbourhood. The area was transformed into the largest non-profit cooperative housing project in North America, with some 1200 residents federated into 22 co-ops and non-profit housing associations on the first land trust in Canada, preventing all land speculation. This struggle went on until the community victory and the completion of the extensive renovation of the greystone buildings. The right to housing, especially social housing, was combined with work to remove or reduce auto traffic from residential streets.
He also founded with Bruce Walker, a philosophy teacher at McGill University, Androgyny/Alternatives bookstore on Crescent St., in Montreal, the first bookshop to combine women’s and gay liberation literature with left-wing and anarchist literature. Alternatives several years later was established on its own, on St. Laurent Boulevard.
Known during the 1970s and 1980s primarily as an organizer of various urban struggles, he was a member of the Montreal Citizens Movement (MCM) from 1975 to 1978 and helped advance a number of innovative new left concerns which became part of the MCM’s platform. These efforts were combined with a sit-down he organised with the MCM on Jeanne-Mance Street on the issue of car and autobus traffic on residential streets. This sit-down blocked downtown traffic during rush hour for three hours during the 1978 municipal election campaign. There were no arrests. Amongst other MCM programme proposals was the decentralization of political power from City Hall to the neighbourhoods of Montreal in the form of decision-making neighbourhood councils. In 2003, the City of Montreal adopted decentralization as an essential part of its administrative structure whereby each of its 19 boroughs now have borough councils with their own powers, responsibilities and budgets. These councils have civic elected officials only, but are open to citizen questions and demands. One of the boroughs, the Plateau Mont-Royal, where Roussopoulos lives and works adopted avant-garde positions from opposing the military invasion of Iraq (later adopted as a resolution by the entire City Council and forwarded to the federal government)to establishing a participatory budget for three years (2004 – 2008).
In 1989, Dimitri Roussopoulos founded the first municipal green party in North America, Ecology Montreal, which was very much inspired by social ecology. The decentralization of power to the neighborhoods from city hall was a key new-left and social-ecology demand, and decentralization finally took place in Montreal in 2002. The National Film Board of Canada made a film on Roussopoulos, called District 25. In 1995-1996 he founded the Montreal Urban Ecology Center within a social ecology framework. By raising the whole range of conflicts between urban problems, urbanisation and the surrounding ecosystem the MUEC highlighted both a new range of concerns for environmentalists and those involved in community development. The MUEC also influenced the development of civic democracy. Roussopoulos also founded Place Publique a twice monthly community-based newspaper in downtown Montreal with a free door-to-door circulation of 35,000 (1992 to 2006). While he stepped back from the MUEC in 2006, it helped organize five citizen summits [2001-2010 drawing together up to one thousand citizens and NGOs networking concerns and advancing a citizens' agenda for change. He co-founded with Serge Mongeau and Jacques Gelinas, Les Editions Eco-Societe, a major left/ecology book publisher.
Since 2001 Dimitri Roussopoulos heads the Taskforce on Municipal Democracy of the City of Montreal, working with a volunteer group of citizens and bureaucrats in collaboration with the then-Mayor, Gerald Tremblay. As such he proposed and helped draft the Montreal Charter of Citizen Rights and Responsibilities, the first right-to-the-city charter in North America which was recognized by UNESCO as an important innovation in democracy. This was followed by the adoption of the first citizen’s initiative for public consultation whereby petitioning citizens can obtain public consultations on issues on a wide range of public policy issues, a first in North America. The citizens of Montreal have the option of initiating public policy discussions which must be taken into account by politicians.
Active with and promoting the World Social Forum, Dimitri Roussopoulos continues to advance the need for an Extra-Parliamentary Opposition in Canada. His major interest has been seeing democracy from the bottom-up developed within the perspective of the social ecology of Murray Bookchin. In February–March 2012, he founded in Athens, the Transnational Institute of Social Ecology, a network of intellectual/activists working in various cities in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="20216539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216539" title="Tramway (film)">
Tramway (film)

Tramway () is a 1966 short silent film by Polish director Krzysztof Kieślowski, produced while he was a student at the Łódź Film School. The film is included as an extra feature on the American and Artificial Eye Region 2 DVD releases of Kieslowski's "A Short Film About Love".
The film shows a boy who sees a girl on a tram as it is leaving. He runs after the tram and finds himself on board alone with the girl. They exchange glances, then she falls asleep against the window. The boy gets off the tram and looks at her through the window, then decides to run after the tram again.

</doc>
<doc id="20216540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216540" title="Bowman Lake Patrol Cabin">
Bowman Lake Patrol Cabin

The Bowman Lake Patrol Cabin in Glacier National Park, Montana, United States, is a rustic back-country log cabin. Built in 1934, the cabin has a single room, with a front porch extension to create a shelter from snowfall.
During the 1920s and 1930s the National Park Service built a series of snowshoe cabins or patrol cabins in Glacier's back country. The cabins were built to a standardized plan that was developed in Yellowstone National Park, which were themselves similar to those used by the U.S. Forest Service which took design cues from trappers' cabins. Cabins usually included a bear-and-rodent-proof food cache under the floor. Furnishings were limited to a hinged cupboard which could be folded down to form a table, a stove, and a bunk bed.
The Bowman Lake cabin, located closer to the "front country" than most, featured a six-burner wood stove, a permanent table and a bedding storage box.

</doc>
<doc id="20216556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216556" title="Richard H. Stern">
Richard H. Stern

Richard H. Stern (September 9, 1931) is an attorney and law professor. 
Born in New York City, Stern received an A.B. "cum laude" from Columbia College in 1953 and a B.S. in electrical engineering from Columbia University School of Engineering in 1954. He served in the U.S. Army from 1955 to 1956, and then returned to civilian life and earned an LL.B. at Yale Law School, graduating "cum laude" and Order of the Coif, in 1959.
Justice Byron White at the United States Supreme Court selected him as his first law clerk, upon Justice White's appointment to the Court. Stern served as Justice White's clerk during the October 1961 and October 1962 terms. Thereafter Stern worked at the Department of Justice in the Antitrust Division. He was chief of the Patent Section and then the Intellectual Property Section in the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice from 1970 to 1978.
Stern was a Distinguished Visiting Professor of Law at the University of Minnesota Law School in 1974. He is the author of "Semiconductor Chip Protection" and articles on antitrust, computer software, patent, and copyright law. Since 1982 he has been Legal Editor and a member of the Board of Editors of IEEE Micro, a magazine published by the IEEE Computer Society, and author of the magazine's "Micro Law" column, and has written a number of articles in that publication concerning antitrust law, computer software-related law, and legal issues relating to standardization. One author noted Stern's "analytical optimism for technological advances in noncoded aspects of computer programs, and recombinant DNA technology". Stern has also been a Professorial Lecturer in Law at The George Washington University Law School, 1990-present, where he teaches patent and copyright law, with a focus on the eligibility of business methods and software-related inventions for patent grants.
He has also served as an official at the U.S. Department of Commerce and at the Federal Trade Commission. He is now of counsel at Kellogg Huber Hansen Todd Evans & Figel, LLP, in Washington D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="20216573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216573" title="Robert Lue">
Robert Lue

Robert A. Lue is a researcher and an academic. On March 1, 2013, he became the inaugural Richard L. Menschel Faculty Director of the Derek Bok Center for Teaching and Learning at Harvard University. He was formerly Professor of the Practice of Molecular and Cellular Biology, and the Director of Life Sciences Education at Harvard University. Along with Daniel Kahne and Richard Losick, he teaches Life Sciences 1a, the introductory Biology/Chemistry course at Harvard College, which is the third largest lecture course at Harvard College. Since 2008, he has been the Faculty Director of the Harvard-Allston Education Portal.
Early life and education.
Robert Lue grew up in Jamaica, where he says he developed his fascination with the natural world.
Robert Lue graduated from St. George's College, Kingston, Jamaica in 1980 (http://www.stgc.org/), and went on to graduate from the College of the Holy Cross. After taking a year off to paint at Brandeis, he went to Harvard to complete a Ph.D in cellular biology.

</doc>
<doc id="20216591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216591" title="Lower Park Creek Patrol Cabin">
Lower Park Creek Patrol Cabin

The Lower Park Creek Patrol Cabin in Glacier National Park is a rustic backcountry log cabin. Built in 1925, the cabin has a single room. The design originated at Yellowstone National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20216635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216635" title="Upper Park Creek Patrol Cabin">
Upper Park Creek Patrol Cabin

The Upper Park Creek Patrol Cabin in Glacier National Park is a rustic backcountry log cabin. Built in 1928, the cabin has a single room. The cabin was built to National Park Service design G913, and adaptation of cabins used at Yellowstone National Park, which had been modeled on those used by the U.S. Forest Service, which in turn were derivations of backwoods trappers' cabins. The Upper Park Creek cabin was more difficult than most to construct, due to its high, remote location.

</doc>
<doc id="20216645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216645" title="James Bailey House">
James Bailey House

The James Bailey House is a large freestanding house which resembles a castle, and which sits at 10 St Nicholas Place (the intersection of St. Nicholas Place and 150th Street) in Hamilton Heights, Harlem, Manhattan, New York City, New York. The house was built 1886 to 1888 to the designs by architect Samuel Burrage Reed for James Bailey, most famous for his role as business manager of the Barnum & Bailey Circus. As of 2010, the house is known as the M. Marshall Blake Funeral Home. The house is located within the boundary of the Hamilton Heights / Sugar Hill Historic District.
Among the house's numerous design features are numerous stained glass windows, designed by a cousin of Louis Comfort Tiffany. The interior is richly paneled in hand-carved timber. The "AIA Guide to New York City." (2010) described the building, built 1886-1888 as a "rock-faced granite, stylishly Dutch-gabled and corner-towered. Once it was a major mansion owned by circus entrepreneur Bailey, who joined with showman "Phineas T. Barnum" in 1881 to form the Barnum & Bailey Circus."
In 1951, the house was purchased by a black woman, Marguerite Blake, who ran a mortuary from it until her retirement. In late 2008, she brought the house to market, seeking to sell it for $10 million. As of May 2009, it was being listed for $6.5 million. On August 31, 2009 it was reported that the house sold for $1.4 million, which was only around $170 per square foot.

</doc>
<doc id="20216646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216646" title="Martian dichotomy">
Martian dichotomy

The most conspicuous feature of Martian surface geology is a sharp contrast, known as the Martian dichotomy, between the rugged southern highlands and the relatively smooth northern basins. The two hemispheres differ in elevation by 1 to 3 km. The average thickness of the Martian crust is 45 km, with 32 km in the northern lowlands region, and 58 km in the southern highlands. 
The boundary between the two regions is quite complex in places. One distinctive type of topography is called fretted terrain. It contains mesas, knobs, and flat-floored valleys having walls about a mile high. Around many of the mesas and knobs are lobate debris aprons that have been shown to be rock-covered glaciers. 
Many large river valleys cut through the dichotomy.
The Martian dichotomy boundary includes the regions called Deuteronilus Mensae, Protonilus Mensae, and Nilosyrtis Mensae. All three regions have been studied extensively because they contain landforms believed to have been produced by the movement of ice.
The northern lowlands comprise about one-third of the surface of Mars and are relatively flat, with occasional impact craters. The other two-thirds of the Martian surface are the highlands of the southern hemisphere. The difference in elevation between the hemispheres is dramatic. Because of the density of impact craters, scientists believe the southern hemisphere to be far older than the northern plains. The heavily cratered southern highlands date back to the period of heavy bombardment. 
Three major hypotheses have been proposed for the origin of the crustal dichotomy: endogenic (by mantle processes), single impact, or multiple impact. Both impact-related hypotheses involve processes that could have occurred before the end of the primordial bombardment, implying that the crustal dichotomy has its origins early in the history of Mars.
Single Impact Hypothesis.
A single mega-impact would produce a very large, circular depression in the crust. The proposed depression has been named the Borealis Basin. However, most estimations of the shape of the lowlands area produce a shape that in places dramatically deviates from the circular shape. Additional processes could create those deviations from circularity. Also if the proposed Borealis basin is a depression created by an impact, it would make it the largest impact crater in the Solar System. An object that large could have hit Mars sometime during the process of the Solar System accretion. 
It is expected that the impact of such magnitude would have produced an ejecta blanket that should be found in areas around the lowland. However, if the impact occurred around 4.5 Ga, erosional factors could explain the absence of the ejecta blanket. Also, the mega-impact could have scattered a large portion of the debris into outer space and across the southern hemisphere. Geologic evidence of the debris would provide very convincing support for this hypothesis.
A 2008 study provided additional research that supports the single giant impact theory. In the past tracing of the impact boundaries was complicated by the presence of the Tharsis volcanic rise. The Tharsis volcanic rise buried the proposed dichotomy boundary under 30 km of basalt. The researchers at MIT and Jet Propulsion Lab at CIT have been able to use gravity and topography of Mars to constrain the location of the dichotomy beneath the Tharsis rise, thus creating an elliptical model of the dichotomy boundary. The elliptical shape of the Borealis Basin further supports the Single Impact Hypothesis. This hypothesis is favored by many due to its relative simplicity, and because impacts of that magnitude were known to occur early in the history of the Solar System.
Endogenic Origin Hypothesis.
It is believed that plate tectonic processes could have been active on Mars early in the planet’s history. Large-scale redistribution of lithospheric crustal material is known to be caused by plate tectonic processes on Earth. Even though it is still not entirely clear how mantle processes affect plate tectonics on Earth, mantle convection is believed to be involved as cells or plumes. Since endogenic processes of Earth are still to be completely understood, studying of similar processes on Mars is very difficult. 
The dichotomy could be created at the time of the creation of the Martian core. The roughly circular shape of the lowland could then be attributed to plume-like first-order overturn which could occur in the process of rapid core formation. There is evidence for internally driven tectonic events in the vicinity of the lowland area that clearly occurred at the end of the early bombardment phase.
A 2005 study suggests that degree-1 mantle convection could have created the dichotomy. Degree-1 mantle convection is a convective process in which one hemisphere is dominated by an
upwelling, while the other hemisphere is downwelling.
Some of the evidence is the abundance of extensive fracturing and igneous activity of late Noachian to early Hesperian age. A counter argument to the endogenic hypothesis is the possibility of those tectonic events occurring in the Borealis basin due to the post-impact weakening of the crust.
In order to further support the endogenic origin hypothesis geologic evidence of faulting and flexing of the crust prior to the end of the primordial bombardment is needed.
Multiple Impact Hypothesis.
The multiple impact hypothesis is supported by correlation of segments of the dichotomy with the rims of several large impact basins. But there are large parts of the Borealis Basin outside the rims of those impact basins. If the Martian lowlands were formed by the multiple basins then their inner ejecta and rims should stand above upland elevations. The rims and ejecta blankets of the lowland impact craters are still much below the upland areas. There are also areas in the lowlands that are outside any of the impact basins, these areas must be overlain by multiple ejecta blankets and should stand at elevations similar to the original planetary surface. That clearly is not the case either. 
One approach explaining the absence of ejecta blankets infers that no ejecta was ever present ). Absence of ejecta could be caused by a large impactor scattering the ejecta into outer space. Another approach proposed the formation of the dichotomy by cooling at depth and crustal loading by later volcanism. 
The multiple-impact hypothesis is also statistically unfavorable, it is unlikely that multiple impacts basins occur and overlap primarily in the northern hemisphere.

</doc>
<doc id="20216673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216673" title="Cross-linguistic onomatopoeias">
Cross-linguistic onomatopoeias

Because of the nature of onomatopoeia, there are many words which show a similar pronunciation in the languages of the world. The following is a list of some conventional examples:
Animal sounds.
Frog croaking.
This may differ according to the species of frog common in each language's speech area.

</doc>
<doc id="20216706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216706" title="2004 Golden Spin of Zagreb">
2004 Golden Spin of Zagreb

The 2004 Golden Spin of Zagreb was the Golden Spin of Zagreb for the 2004-2005 figure skating season. It was the 37th edition of that competition, which is one of the oldest extant skating competitions. Figure skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and ice dancing.
The competition was held between November 11 and November 14, 2004 in the Dom Sportova in Zagreb, Croatia. The Junior-level equivalent was the 2004 Golden Bear of Zagreb.

</doc>
<doc id="20216734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216734" title="McNamara Park">
McNamara Park

McNamara Park, commonly known as Mac Park, is a motor racing circuit, located near Mount Gambier in South Australia. The 2.4 km track has 12 corners and runs clockwise.
The biggest meeting of the year is known as the Master of Mac Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20216739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216739" title="Slide Lake-Otatso Creek Patrol Cabin and Woodshed">
Slide Lake-Otatso Creek Patrol Cabin and Woodshed

The Slide Lake-Otatso Creek Patrol Cabin and Woodshed in Glacier National Park are a small group of rustic buildings in the park's backcountry. Built in 1936, the patrol cabin is a frame building, unlike the more typical log patrol cabins found throughout the park. The similar woodshed is nearby. The cabin's proximity to the Alpine-themed Many Glacier Hotel may have influenced the decorative detailing, which is unique in Glacier. The only other frame patrol cabin is the Fielding Cabin, in the southern part of the park. The cabin was completely reconstructed in the 1980s "to thwart a particularly aggressive pack rat population". The buildings are located along Otatso Creek, downstream from Slide Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20216787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216787" title="In the Motherhood">
In the Motherhood

In the Motherhood is an American television sitcom that debuted on ABC as a midseason entry and ran from March 26, 2009 to June 25, 2009. The series was produced by ABC Studios in association with Cabloom! and Mindshare.
Plot.
The series focused on Rosemary, Jane, and Emily, three women who represent mothers we all know, loosely inspired by real-life everyday moms.
Rosemary, who has been married numerous times but currently single, is a fast and loose free-wheeling mom with a teenaged son, Sid, who seems to be more responsible than his non-traditional mother.
Rosemary’s best friend, Jane, is a recently divorced mother of two girls, pre-teen Annie, and eight-month-old Sophie. As she tries to keep her career and home afloat, Jane has also hired a "manny," Horatio, to help her out with her working mother duties. Horatio also has the ability to "communicate" with Sophie and believes she is the only person that really "gets" him
Jane’s younger sister, Emily, is a model stay-at-home-super-mom for her two young children, Esther and Bill. Emily also believes in perfection which she sees as key to her family life and takes parenting as seriously as any mother could. Her home is a work of art, and her kids are polite and sweet. Emily is married to Jason, the breadwinner in the family, who likes his food to be organic and determined to make sure that his family is at the top of their class.
Production.
Loosely based on the popular online web series created by Mindshare and produced by Science + Fiction and Microsoft's Branded Entertainment and Experience Team (BEET) in 2007 in conjunction with Suave hair care products and Sprint Nextel, this adaptation chronicled the daily and hilarious perils of three mothers, with most of their stories being adapted from everyday real-life mothers. The success of the webisodes led to ABC's announcement to order 13 initial episodes for the 2008-2009 TV season, which was cut down to an order of 7 after the premiere. Sprint and Suave had an involvement in the series as well.
Casting.
Whereas the webisodes featured Leah Remini, Jenny McCarthy, and Chelsea Handler in the lead roles, Handler was supposed to be the only cast member from the series to make the transition to the small screen, but on November 24, 2008, "TV Guide" reported that the series would instead star Megan Mullally and Cheryl Hines. In addition, Horatio Sanz and Jessica St. Clair have also been cast, with Sanz playing Hines' manny and St. Clair playing Hines' "intimidating younger sister," who doesn't discipline her children. Handler decided to drop out of the project due to her scheduling commitments to her E! show "Chelsea Lately".
Reception and scheduling.
The series had not been received well by critics and despite ABC's promotional push in the hopes that would weaken NBC's Thursday night comedy lineup, not many viewers, especially fans of the online website for which this series is named, flocked to see the show.
On April 16, 2009, ABC announced that it was pulling the series with two episodes remaining followed by the return of "Ugly Betty" to the schedule on April 30, 2009. On May 15, 2009 ABC announced that "In the Motherhood" would return to the schedule on Thursday June 25, to burn off the remaining episodes. But on June 30, 2009, ABC announced that they pulled "In the Motherhood" and instead doubled up on "Samantha Who?" for Thursday, July 2 and Thursday, July 9 at 8:30PM Eastern/7:30PM Central.

</doc>
<doc id="20216792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216792" title="Yomiuri Land">
Yomiuri Land

Yomiuri Land (よみうりランド) is one of the larger and well known Japanese amusement parks near Tokyo, first opened in 1964. It is situated on hillsides, and features modern thrill rides such as roller coasters and water flumes. It is home to Yomiuri Giants Stadium, one of the training fields for the Yomiuri Giants baseball team, and was the primary training ground before Tokyo Dome was completed. It is operated and run by the Yomiuri Group, the parent of media conglomerate Yomiuri Shimbun. Recently a bathhouse was constructed to attract more senior citizens.
Entrance fees are 1600 yen for adults, 800 yen for children and seniors (aged 60 over).
Access.
It can be accessed by two train stations, Keio Sagamihara Line's Keio-Yomiuri-Land Station or Yomiuri-Land-mae Station of Odakyu. 

</doc>
<doc id="20216809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216809" title="USS Warren (1775)">
USS Warren (1775)

The first USS "Warren" was a schooner that served in the American Revolutionary War from 1775 to 1776.
"Warren" was originally the fishing schooner "Hawk", probably built at Marblehead, Massachusetts, and owned by John Twisdon at the time of her appraisal for naval service in the American Revolutionary War by Colonel Jonathan Glover and Edward Fettyplace on 12 October 1775. Hurriedly fitted out as the fourth vessel of the fledgling seagoing force assembled by General George Washington to intercept British supply ships bound for Boston, Massachusetts, "Warren" was commissioned at Beverly, Massachusetts, late in October 1775. Under the command of Captain Winborn Adams, the armed schooner sailed from Beverly on 31 October 1775, on her maiden voyage under Continental colors.
"Warren" cruised north of Cape Ann, Massachusetts, and captured a small wooden schooner before bagging a Boston-bound supply ship, the schooner "Rainbow", around 27 November 1775.
"Warren" continued to cruise north of Cape Ann until she came across the brig "Sally" on 24 December 1775. Bound from Lisbon, Portugal, to New York City with 153 quarter casks of wine, "Sally" had been captured by the fifth-rate HMS "Niger" earlier in the month, placed under a prize crew, and ordered taken to Boston. "Warren" captured "Sally" and took her into Marblehead as a "Christmas present" for General Washington.
After returning to port and undergoing repairs into January 1776, "Warren" was placed under the command of William Burke. She set sail from Boston on 25 March 1776 to intercept a convoy of transports but was frustrated by the weather in her attempt to pick off any strays while sailing in company with the Continental 6-gun schooner "Franklin". The schooners then sailed their separate ways, with "Warren" going to the familiar waters north of Cape Ann.
After another rent and recruiting new crewmen, "Warren" joined schooners "Lynch" and "Lee" in an attempt to get to sea on 27 May 1776, but that day they could not slip past the British 28-gun frigate HMS "Milford" patrolling outside Cape Ann harbor. When "Warren" did manage to get to sea, she scoured the waters of the bay near Cape Ann but did not score any successes that summer. In June 1776, she tangled with the British troopship "Unity", bound for Halifax, Nova Scotia, with Hessian troops embarked, but met with a hot reception from the troopers' carriage guns and musket fire. While "Warren" was disengaging, some powder stored on her quarterdeck exploded, killing three and wounding seven.
Returning to Beverly for repairs, "Warren", still under the luckless Burke, put to sea again in late August 1776 to patrol the supply lanes between Nova Scotia and Boston. Before dawn on 26 August 1776, "Warren" and "Lynch" encountered the British 28-gun frigate HMS "Liverpool" patrolling. The two schooners separated to flee, and "Liverpool" chose to follow "Warren".
The ensuing engagement was one-sided, and "Liverpool" had little difficulty forcing "Warren" to strike her colors before noon. Burke and his crew were transferred to "Liverpool", which kept "Warren" as a tender until 4 September 1776. On that day, "Liverpool" rendezvoused with "Milford" off Cape Ann, transferred "Warren"s guns to "Milford", and sent "Warren" to Halifax.
Condemned by a British prize court, "Warren" subsequently served as a tender to "Milford" until "Warren" ran aground in a storm near Portsmouth, New Hampshire, and was destroyed in late December 1776.

</doc>
<doc id="20216813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216813" title="Conflicts involving Critical Mass">
Conflicts involving Critical Mass

There have been many conflicts during Critical Mass events since the founding of the worldwide bicycling advocacy event in 1992. The conflicts have resulted in injuries, property damage, and arrests, and both bicyclists and motorized vehicle drivers have been victims. Critics say that Critical Mass, held primarily in large metropolitan cities, is a deliberate attempt to obstruct automotive traffic and disrupt normal city functions, when individuals taking part refuse to obey traffic laws.
Berkeley, California, US.
On May 11, 2007, an incident occurred in Berkeley, California, when an elderly motorist stopped at an intersection with dozens of bicycles crossing. Activists claim that the driver shouted, while bicyclists were in the intersection, "I'm sick of you people!" Police have not determined who had the right-of-way. The driver attempted to drive through the intersection. The motorist and his wife, two witnesses, and the police all claimed that the cyclists threw their bicycles under the vehicle. This was disputed by other witnesses. Critical Mass participants then rocked the vehicle, pounded the hood, and broke the windshield while verbally abusing the elderly couple. Approximately $3,000 worth of damage was done to the bicycles. Berkeley police did not make any arrests in the incident. Video of the incident posted on the Internet appeared to show the driver forcing his vehicle through standing riders, trapping several bikes and almost hurting a rider had refused to move.
This incident is controversial as queuing across intersections while standing still is illegal in many countries.
Buffalo, New York, US.
On May 30, 2003, in Buffalo, New York, during an incident known locally as "Critical Massacre," police stopped two cyclists for "failure to yield to an emergency vehicle." Several people were allegedly attacked by police. Nine cyclists were arrested and three were later convicted, including a journalist.
Chicago, Illinois, US.
Chicago Police Department officers are often seen riding with Critical Mass participants, and squad cars block intersections to provide safe passage to Critical Mass cyclists. However, on August 31, 2007, seven riders were arrested on charges of obstructing traffic and disobeying police, and were held overnight. According to some of those arrested, they were released late at night or early in the morning. On multiple occasions, Critical Mass participants have attempted to ride on Lake Shore Drive, a road that is normally off limits to cyclists. Police will not tolerate participants riding on Lake Shore Drive, and will go as far as blocking entrance ramps with squad cars whenever Critical Mass rides approach the lake.
Honolulu, Hawaii, US.
At dusk on March 28, 2008, in Honolulu, Hawaii, police collided with a young woman on a bicycle while trying to stop another bicyclist for traffic infractions. The young woman fell and hit her head on the ground, sustaining injuries requiring hospitalization. While no arrests were made, the police did issue citations and confiscate bicycles.
Houston, Texas, US.
Due to the gradual increase of cyclists participating in Critical Mass, as well as complaints from motorists and concerns for safety, Houston Police Department officers helped direct the October 2013 Critical Mass ride in Houston, Texas by controlling intersections on the bike route. In January 2014, after two months of providing free security and safe passage through heavy intersections, the Houston Police Department began considering options to charge the group for providing security for the event, citing similarities to providing security for funeral processions through the city limits. Some Critical Mass riders have spoken out in protest of paying a fee to utilize extra security and escorting through busy intersections, while many others support paying fees for extra security to keep the ride safe, which has led to increased discussions between the city and group for additional alternatives to the building conflicts. 
London, United Kingdom.
In London on September 2005, a few weeks after the 7 July 2005 bombings, Metropolitan Police required the organisers to provide a route six days before the event and placed strict restrictions on riders under threat of arrest. The threat was retracted when politicians and cyclist groups objected. In October 2005, the ride had close to 1,200 participants, significantly more than usual. A long stop in Parliament Square, part of the government's exclusion area in the Serious Organised Crime and Police Act 2005, led to a slow and cumbersome ride.
One participant sought a declaration from the High Court of England and Wales that police need not be notified about the rides, in a "friendly action" in which neither side sought damages. The High Court agreed, exempting Critical Mass from notification under Section 11 of the Public Order Act 1986. The ruling was reversed on appeal. In 2008, Friends of the Earth, who supported the legal action, said the case would be appealed to England's highest legal authority, the House of Lords, on the grounds that, after 11 years, Critical Mass is "commonly or customarily held." In October 2008, the House of Lords ruled in favour of the Critical Mass participant.
During the 2012 Summer Olympics, cyclists were arrested on opening day after police claim they ignored regulations in place during the Olympics. Jenny Jones of the Green Party and the Greater London Assembly has questioned the police actions, calling them "out of all proportion to common sense" and "tragically unnecessary." A Critical Mass website asked riders to be "peacefully assertive" during the monthly ride, while police claim they asked riders to keep to the south of the River Thames. When the riders got close to the Olympic Park, police began to cordon off the area and arrest riders. In total, 182 people were arrested, of whom 4 were charged, and 178 were bailed pending further inquiries. The action led to 5 of the 182 people arrested being convicted in court.
Long Beach, California, US.
On October 29, 2010, a group of Long Beach, California, residents and friends gathered in a parking lot near the campus of California State University, Long Beach for a group bicycle ride. Within two blocks of their starting point, police officers pulled the group over, issued more than 70 citations, and impounded more than 20 bicycles. No details of whether or not the cyclists where actually breaking any laws is available as of November 2013.
Minneapolis, Minnesota, US.
On the August 31, 2007, ride in Minneapolis, Minnesota, a confrontation occurred between cyclists and the police. The police presence included undercover officers, three marked squad cars, a state patrol helicopter, and unmarked vehicles. The ride had been linked with weekend protests of the following year's Republican National Convention. After the arrest of a cyclist for "riding in a snake-like manner," cyclists began chanting "Let him go!" and "What's the charge?" The police called for backup, and dozens of police officers responded, using chemical mace and tasers. Minneapolis police arrested 19 participants, including three minors. The adults were arrested on suspicion of rioting, a gross misdemeanor.
Minsk, Belarus.
On May 27, 2011, in Minsk, Belarus, police forces aided by special units transported 13 cyclists to the police station for violation of traffic rules and for not following orders to disband. Detained participants were fingerprinted and fined, then released.
New York City, New York, US.
Police in New York City have claimed that Critical Mass bicyclists blocking intersections to allow bikes to pass may delay emergency vehicles in the gridlock.
2004 Republican National Convention.
During the US 2004 Republican National Convention, police arrested 250 riders after the ride caused "massive disruptions" in the city. Many court cases resulted regarding the legality of the ride, whether police have the right to arrest cyclists and seize bicycles, and whether the event needs a permit. In December 2004, a federal judge dismissed New York City's injunction against Critical Mass as a "political event." On March 23, 2005, the city filed a lawsuit seeking to prevent Time's Up!, a direct action environmental group, from promoting or advertising Critical Mass rides. The lawsuit also stated that Time's Up! and the public could not ride or gather at a Critical Mass bike ride, claiming a permit was required.
2008 bicycle rally.
During a bicycle rally on July 25, 2008, NYPD patrolman Patrick Pogan pushed rider Christopher Long off his bicycle. In a criminal complaint, Pogan wrote that he had ordered Long to stop because he was weaving in and out of traffic, forcing vehicles to swerve or stop, and generally disrupting the normal flow of traffic. In addition, Pogan wrote that he suffered lacerations on his arms because Long steered his bike into him and knocked him down, and when he tried to place Long under arrest, Long began flailing, kicking and screaming, "You are pawns in the game!" Long spent the next day in police custody on charges of attempted assault, resisting arrest and disorderly conduct.
Within days, members of the rally's sponsoring organization Time's Up! posted a video of the incident on YouTube. The video went viral and received over 400,000 hits within five days. Critical Mass activists claimed it supported their claims that the police department has demonstrated a pattern of arresting participants in the rally on false charges. Witnesses also disputed Pogan's account, saying that Long was the one to receive injuries, traffic was stopped for the rally, and that Pogan had simply scanned the group of cyclists to find one he could take down.
The union that represents NYPD officers said Pogan was just doing his job to protect the public from a reckless bike rider, and Pogan's father — himself a retired NYPD detective — defended him, saying "You gotta do what you gotta do to make an arrest." The prosecutor's office dismissed the charges against Long. NYPD placed Pogan, who had spent only three weeks as a police officer, on a desk assignment while the city investigated the incident.
On December 16, 2008, Pogan appeared in court and pleaded not guilty to felony charges of falsifying business records and filing a false instrument, and misdemeanor charges of third-degree assault, second-degree harassment and making a punishable false written statement. After the indictment, the police department suspended Pogan and, two months later, Pogan resigned as the department prepared to fire him. His attorney said that his defense would center on the department's training procedures and claims that events occurring off-camera needed to be taken into account.
On July 8, 2009, it was reported that Long, then a Hoboken, NJ, resident, was suing the New York Police Department for $1.5 million, alleging that Pogan falsified his arrest report in order to legitimize his assault on Long.
During his trial in April 2010, Pogan acknowledged that the video looked "very extreme." He testified that he had anticipated a collision with Long, since the rider lowered his right shoulder as the officer approached. Jurors found Pogan not guilty of harassment and assault and acquitted him of four of the seven counts of which he had been charged. He was found guilty of filing a criminal complaint that contained false statements concerning the cyclist. Pogan received no jail time but, because he is a convicted felon, he is not eligible to become a New York City police officer in the future. Long said in an interview that he was pleased with the verdict, in part because it would prevent Pogan from becoming a New York City police officer again.
Porto Alegre, Brazil.
On February 25, 2011, an automobile driver deliberately collided with around 20 cyclists that were participating in a Critical Mass event in Rua José do Patrocinio in Porto Alegre, southern Brazil. Out of approximately 150 people that were taking part in the event, dozens of bicycles were damaged, 15 people were injured and eight were transported to the emergency room. While the driver left the scene of the incident, demonstrators remained on the street, demanding that the driver be found and arrested. The driver was later identified as 47-year-old Ricardo José Neis. After Neis gave his statement to the police, his attorney, Luis Fernando Coimbra Albino, stated that the Neis was acting in self-defense after several cyclists threatened him and his son and assaulted his car. According to witnesses present at the event, Neis was acting violently behind the bicycles and hit the rear wheels of two different cyclists, and any contact from the cyclists on his car was meant as a sign asking to him slow the vehicle down. Witnesses also reported that Neis had two different transversal roads he could have taken to avoid waiting for the cyclists to proceed. On March 1, 2011, Neis attempted to transfer from a hospital to a psychiatric clinic, but this request was rejected by court officials. He was held in the hospital under police custody, but was later released and indicted under 17 counts of attempted murder. One of the most severely injured cyclists, 23-year-old Ricardo Mattes Ambus, was readmitted to the hospital on March 3, 2011, due to an intracranial haematoma.
During the following week, between February 28 and March 6, 2011, many protests in support of Critical Mass Porto Alegre were organized in several major cities in South America and around the world.
San Francisco, California, US.
July 1997.
On the night of July 25, 1997, in San Francisco, the ride attracted 5,000 participants, which resulted in congested traffic, confrontations with motorists, and arrests. Interest and tension had been growing for several weeks due to increased rhetoric from then-Mayor Willie Brown regarding cracking down on the event. The local newspapers published a city-approved route after the mayor withdrew his threat to have bicyclists arrested for not obtaining a parade permit. Most of the participants ignored the route and separated into several groups. Verbal and physical altercations occurred between motorists and bicyclists, as well as between riders and police. Two officers reported injuries in confrontations with bike riders. Local media reported that "about 250" bicyclists were arrested for moving violations, being drunk in public, battery, and outstanding warrants.
Photographer Bennett Hall alleged he witnessed a police officer writing a citation for a bicyclist that had committed no offense, and that another police officer had arrested him and seized his camera. A pedestrian attempted to take the camera to bring it to the "San Francisco Chronicle", but was also arrested.
March 2007.
On the March 2007 ride in San Francisco, a rider was arrested on felony (later reduced to misdemeanor) charges in San Francisco's Tenderloin neighborhood for denting a limousine using a bicycle lock. The driver told police he got out of his car to talk to two cyclists who allegedly blocked his path. After exchanging words with one of the cyclists, the driver said he grabbed one of the bicycles and tried to pull it out of the way. He then got back into his limo to go around the riders, but before he could move, he said, another cyclist ran into the side of his car, then punched the hood with a U-shaped lock. The cyclist told police he only hit the limousine after the driver gunned his engine. During the incident, one of the limousine's tires was slashed and the driver's keys were stolen.
Towards the end of the ride, near the Japan Center and Western Addition neighborhoods, a mother from Redwood City, California, traveling with her two young daughters in the vehicle, tried to drive through the mass of riders. A witness claimed to have observed the driver strike a cyclist and flee before cyclists chased and surrounded her vehicle. The driver denied striking a cyclist and alleged that hundreds of cyclists surrounded her minivan while she and her 11- and 13-year-old daughters were inside, banged on her car, scratched the paint, and threw a bicycle through the rear window of the vehicle, causing $5,300 in damages.
In April 2007, San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom requested that Critical Mass riders police themselves. "It does the bicycle-advocacy community no good to have people that are aggressive and dispirit the entire movement," Newsom said. "I would encourage the bicycle coalition to say, 'Look, we don't put up with this, enough is enough.' "
November 2009.
In November 2009, Stanley Roberts of KRON 4 News recorded several Critical Mass confrontations between bicyclists and vehicles at Van Ness and O'Farrell Streets. An old Critical Mass website advised riders not to be confrontational and block traffic, but in footage filmed by Roberts, bicyclists engaged in confrontational arguments with motorists and blocked roads to vehicular traffic.
Seattle, Washington, US.
June 2006.
Two riders were arrested during the June 2006 ride in Seattle, Washington, after a fight with two undercover detectives whom the cyclists confused for gang members. Witnesses disputed the claim made by the sheriff's office that the detectives identified themselves. The King County Sheriff's Office decided not to press felony charges in the case, saying there were too many issues over the circumstances surrounding the allegations.
July 2008.
On July 25, 2008, Critical Mass prevented a motorist from driving from a curbside parking space into cyclists in Seattle's Critical Mass on East Aloha. The motorist made statements to Seattle police that he drove away, hitting bicycles and riders (one of them an attorney), and told the press that he "freaked out and overreacted" when bicyclists threatened to tip his vehicle. According to some witnesses, the motorist drove into at least two cyclists and tried to flee.
A group of riders caught the vehicle, broke its rear windshield, slashed the tires, and assaulted the motorist when he got out. Damage to the car was estimated at $1,500. The motorist was struck in the back of his head by a bike lock and later hospitalized. Two cyclists were arrested for vandalism to the car. Seattle police did not charge the motorist.
Vilnius, Lithuania.
On July 27, 2007, in Vilnius, Lithuania, police took five participants into custody, including two minors, for not following orders to disband.
Walnut Creek, California, US.
In Walnut Creek, California, on June 20, 2008, a car bumped into the rear wheel of a Critical Mass rider. An argument ensued among the driver and passenger of the car and the cyclist involved, after which the passenger and driver of the car assaulted the cyclist. The police arrived and arrested the passenger and driver of the automobile involved in the assault.
Warsaw, Poland.
On June 21, 2002, in Warsaw, Poland, the Critical Mass event was stopped by a cordon of fully armed riot police on Plac Konstytucji (Constitution Square), who demanded their dispersal and detained some of the participants. Other Critical Mass participants responded with a sit-in protest, blocking an important traffic junction, and then tried to evade the blockade by taking different routes to Plac Zamkowy (Castle Square), the Critical Mass rally point. This event was widely reported by the media and, as a result, the Warsaw municipality decided to legalize future events, rather than escalate the conflict. Beginning in September 2002, Critical Mass events in Warsaw are organized in full cooperation with the police force. Once a year in August, beginning in 2007, a special Critical Mass is organized in cooperation with the city officials to commemorate the Warsaw Uprising.

</doc>
<doc id="20216821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216821" title="McCarthy Homestead Cabin">
McCarthy Homestead Cabin

The McCarthy Homestead Cabin is a remnant of early settlement in what would become Glacier National Park. Jeremiah McCarthy built the log homestead in the North Fork area in 1908 after completion of the North Fork Road and passage of the Forest Homestead Act.
The cabin is the only representative of pre-1910 homesteading activity on the west side of the Continental Divide in Glacier. During the 1930s a Civilian Conservation Corps camp was built nearby. At about the same time, the cabin, and others nearby, transitioned from homesteading inholdings to summer cabins for their owners. In the 1950s some of the CCC structures were relocated to the vicinity of the cabin. The National Park Service purchased the property in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="20216882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216882" title="Floride Clemson">
Floride Clemson

Floride Clemson Lee is the daughter of Clemson University founder Thomas Green Clemson, and the granddaughter of former Vice President John C. Calhoun and his wife, Floride Calhoun. Clemson is most acknowledged for her diary that took place during and after the Civil War. Her diary states her journey to South Carolina by multiple forms of transportation in just a little under two weeks.
Diary.
Her diary was once given the title "A Rebel Came Home" by Clemson University in 1961. The book "A Rebel Came Home" was edited by Charles M. McGee and Ernest M. Lander, Jr. In the book, it states that McGee spent two summers in the Clemson Archives, where he came across Floride's diary and became interested in it. Alas he worked with Lander and had the convenience of the artist being close by which helped with the writing of the book "A Rebel Came Home" was published by the University of South Carolina Press in Columbia, SC in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="20216883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216883" title="Polebridge to Numa Ridge Phoneline">
Polebridge to Numa Ridge Phoneline

The Polebridge to Numa Ridge Phoneline is a historic communications path in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The line was the last remaining single-line crank telephone network in the American West. The remaining line, insulators, and terminals are instructive of early communication technology. The system includes the remains of a single strand system using an earth ground. Wire was strung through ceramic insulators mounted on trees. Phone poles still stand in the meadow south of Kishenehn Ranger Station, and a phone remains in place at Bowman Lake.
The line starts at Polebridge Ranger Station, passing Skyland Camp-Bowman Lake Ranger Station, then Numa Ridge Fire Lookout. The first sections were constructed in 1911, with additions to connect ranger stations through the 1930s. In later years, FM radio saw greater use and the extent of the phone system declined. The Polebridge-Numa line persisted until 1985, when it was officially shut down, although unofficial use continued through 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20216891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216891" title="2003 Golden Spin of Zagreb">
2003 Golden Spin of Zagreb

The 2003 Golden Spin of Zagreb was the Golden Spin of Zagreb for the 2003-2004 figure skating season. It was the 36th edition of that competition, which is one of the oldest extant skating competitions. Figure skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, pair skating, and ice dancing.
The competition was held between November 12 and November 15, 2003 in Zagreb, Croatia. The Junior-level equivalent was the 2003 Golden Bear of Zagreb.

</doc>
<doc id="20216914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216914" title="Lake Charles (Nova Scotia)">
Lake Charles (Nova Scotia)

Lake Charles is a small lake in Nova Scotia’s Halifax Regional Municipality between the communities of Dartmouth and Waverley. It is situated between Port Wallace in the south and Nova Scotia Highway 107 in the North, Nova Scotia Highway 118 in the west and 
Nova Scotia Route 318 to the east. It is the summit of the Shubenacadie Canal, where the level of the surface is 31 m above sea level. Located in the Shubenacadie watershed, it ultimately feeds into the Bay of Fundy. However, it also feeds into Halifax Harbour through the canal locks at Shubie Park.
Lake Charles Trail.
The Lake Charles Trail, part of the Trans Canada Trail, runs along the western side of the lake, from Shubie Park to the Highway 107 overpass at Route 318 in Portobello. The trail is approximately 4.39 km long, and has a crusher dust surface. The trail is used year round and is maintained by the Halifax Regional Municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="20216949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216949" title="Josh Hazlewood">
Josh Hazlewood

Josh Reginald Hazlewood (born Tamworth, New South Wales, 8 January 1991) is an Australian cricketer for New South Wales and Australia. 
He began his career young, making his state debut at the age of 17 at the Sydney Cricket Ground against the touring New Zealand side in November 2008. He is the youngest fast bowler to represent New South Wales, and when he made his One Day International debut on 22 June 2010 he was the youngest player to debut for Australia.
A right arm fast bowler, he has also played for Australia Under-19s and was the youngest member of Australia's squad for the 2008 Under-19 World Cup.
He will make his IPL debut in 2014. He has been bought by Mumbai Indians in players auction for IPL 2014 for Rs. 50 lakh.

</doc>
<doc id="20216961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216961" title="Pakistanis in Sweden">
Pakistanis in Sweden

Pakistanis in Sweden are people who have migrated from Pakistan to Sweden and their locally born descendants. As of 2005, there were over 5,000 Pakistanis living in the country. 
Services to Sweden.
Most of the Pakistani who come to Sweden are highly skilled professionals including Professors, Scientists, Doctors, Engineers, Information Technology professionals and Journalists. Many Pakistanis run their own businesses mainly in textile, restaurants, and sales and so contribute to the Swedish economy.

</doc>
<doc id="20216966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216966" title="Arthur Tonkin">
Arthur Tonkin

Arthur Edward Joseph Tonkin (19 October 1922 – c. 1991) was an Australian national representative rugby union player who featured in the 1947-48 Wallaby tour of the British Isles.
Early life.
Tonkin's father was one of the pioneers of the New South Wales Country Rugby League but made no attempt to influence his three children on which sports they should play. Arthur went to Wagga Wagga Christian Brothers' and later to St. Joseph's College, Hunters Hill where he benefited under Brother Henry, the College's legendary coach of the 1930s. He won the GPS Schools sprint championship in 1942 and was an army sprint champion during his wartime service. He was a gunner in the AIF who saw three years of active service during World War II.
Club rugby.
Tonkin joined the Gordon Club after his discharge and played the first of six matches for New South Wales in 1947. A powerfully built sprinter he added menace to every team in which he played because of his rare acceleration and scoring potential.
Representative rugby career.
He missed a place in the Test against New Zealand in 1947 but was selected for that year's
epic Wallaby tour and became one of the spearheads of Australia's attack in Britain after champion Manly winger Charlie Eastes broke his leg in an early tour match. Tonkin appeared on the wing in all five Tests of the tour using his blinding acceleration to get around his opposing wingers to score tries against Scotland and Ireland. He was also one of four kickers who figured in the Tests (along with Brain Piper, Trevor Allan and Bob McMaster) kicking two penalties against France in the Paris Test at Stade Colombes.
Injury affected his representative prospects after the conclusion of the tour but he did make a further Test appearance against the British Lions in Sydney in 1950.
Post playing.
Tonkin became a lecturer in physical education after his football career ended and worked at Armidale Teachers' College where he also coached rugby. He retired in 1982, leaving the coaching of college rugby teams to John Hipwell.

</doc>
<doc id="20216969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216969" title="North Fork Road">
North Fork Road

The North Fork Road in Glacier National Park was built in 1901. The Butte Oil Company constructed a rough wagon road from Lake McDonald to its oil well at Kintla Lake, encouraging the development of the North Fork region. From 1935-1945, the National Park Service developed the road adding culverts and drains. The unpaved road extends nearly forty miles, almost to the Canadian border. 
In 1933 a proposal was advanced to extend the road to Canada to connect with a proposed road on the Canadian side of the border that would create a loop around Glacier and Waterton Lakes National Park. No further action was taken, and by the 1950s the plan had been abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="20216995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216995" title="Brian Nestande">
Brian Nestande

Brian Nestande (born January 10, 1964) is a Republican California State Assemblyman currently representing the 42nd district. Nestande is currently running for Congress.
Early life, education, and early political career.
Nestande graduated from Canyon High School in Anaheim in 1982. Nestande earned his Bachelor of Arts in political science from Cal State Fullerton in 1991.
Immediately after graduating from college, Nestande obtained a job as Deputy Campaign Manager of the successful congressional campaign of Michael Huffington in Santa Barbara County. In 1994, Nestande managed the successful congressional campaign of then-Palm Springs Mayor Sonny Bono. Nestande went to work in Bono's office as Chief of Staff until Bono's death in early 1998. Bono's widow, Mary Bono Mack, was elected to succeed Sonny, and Nestande served as her chief of staff from 1998 until 2000.
In 2000, Nestande built a government affairs consulting business named Nestande and Associates which was headquartered in Palm Desert. He represented a variety of clients working on issues involving alternative energy, health care, telecommunications as well as on other projects and issues in Riverside County.
California State Assembly.
Elections.
In 2008, Nestande ran for the 64th State Assembly district. He defeated businesswoman Kelly McCarty in the Republican primary 68%-32%. He won the general election unopposed. In 2010, he won the Republican primary, defeating Jeffrey Lemasters Tahir 76%-24%. He won re-election to a second term defeating Jose Medina 57%-43%. After redistricting, he decided to run in the newly redrawn California's 42nd State Assembly district. He won re-election to a third term, defeating Democrat Mark Orozco 55%-45%.
Tenure.
The first bill Nestande introduced in Sacramento was to limit the number of bills a legislator could introduce. Nestande later led a bipartisan coalition that closed a loophole on out-of-state businesses.
2014 congressional election.
Nestande announced in May 2013 that he would challenge first-term Representative Raul Ruiz, D-Palm Desert, to represent California's 36th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives. Ruiz defeated longtime incumbent Republican Mary Bono Mack in 2012.
Personal life.
Nestande is the son of politician Bruce Nestande.
Nestande resides in Riverside County with his wife Gina and their seven children.

</doc>
<doc id="20216999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20216999" title="The Ozmapolitan of Oz">
The Ozmapolitan of Oz

The Ozmapolitan of Oz is a 1986 novel written and illustrated by Dick Martin. As its title indicates, the book is an entrant in the long-running series of stories on the Land of Oz written by L. Frank Baum and various successors.
Authorship.
Like his predecessor John R. Neill, Dick Martin was a veteran Oz illustrator who moved into Oz authorship; "The Ozmapolitan of Oz" is Martin's single sustained work of Oz fiction. He includes Decalcomania, Xenophobia, Yahooism, and Zymolysis in a list of human diseases; his "Game Preserve" is a Parcheesi-like board game laid out in a landscape.
As both author and artist, Martin had control over the total expression of his fiction. Like most Oz authors, he supplied a human protagonist for young readers to identify with; unusually, he made his protagonist a teenager, a fifteen-year-old boy. In his illustrations, Martin made Dorothy Gale appear somewhat older than she is generally portrayed; she looks like she is at least twelve years old. A decade and a half later, Dave Hardenbrook would also offer a teenage protagonist in his 2000 novel "The Unknown Witches of Oz"; Martin does not go as far as Hardenbrook later would in making his teen hero a romantic interest.
The term "Ozmapolitan".
The word "Ozmopolitan" was first used in 1904, in promotional material created by Baum's publisher Reilly & Britton. The idea was that the Wizard of Oz started an Oz newspaper so titled (a conceit that Martin adopts for his novel). Reilly & Britton issued press releases in this Oz-newspaper form in 1904 and 1905, publicizing Baum's "The Marvelous Land of Oz" and related projects. It is possible though not certain that Baum himself wrote some of these early "Ozmapolitan" press releases. The publisher (under its later name Reilly & Lee) issued more "Ozmapolitan" press releases in the 1920s, to publicize the novels of Ruth Plumly Thompson, and in the 1960s for other products (including "Merry Go Round in Oz", with illustrations by Dick Martin). Three decades later, Hungry Tiger Press used the same publicity technique for issues of its "Oz-story Magazine".
The name has also been employed as the title of a periodical published by the International Wizard of Oz Club, edited and illustrated by Martin. Other fan literature has used the word as well.
The plot.
Septimius Septentrion is three weeks into a job as a printer at the Ozmapolitan in the Emerald City of Oz. A chance meeting with Princess Dorothy leads to a plan to drum up news to promote the sleepy Ozite newspaper. Accompanied by a mifket named Jinx and Dorothy's cat Eureka, "Tim" and Dorothy embark on a cross-country trip through the Winkie Country. The plan is to meet the Scarecrow at his corncob-shaped residence; but the plan quickly goes awry. The party encounter a fortune-teller and receive cryptic gingerbread-fortune-cookie predictions: Dorothy's is "A Fat Chance," Tim's is "A Blue Moon," and Jinx's is "A Silent Melody."
The Expeditioneers, as they call themselves, learn the meanings of these fortunes as they progress through an Art Colony, a Game Preserve, and a long and complex subterranean journey. They encounter strange creatures and phenomena, including a Trade Wind, an out-of-date inventor, and a dragon-like "Tyrannicus Terrificus". They rescue a frozen (and therefore silent) water spirit named Melody, a cousin of the rainbow fairy Polychrome. Melody later repays the favor by saving the travelers from the dragon.
After a long spell lost in caverns, the group meets up with the Scarecrow and his bosom friend the Tin Woodman, who are sailing in the Scarecrow's new boat, the Blue Moon. They all return to the Emerald City, with abundant material for the Ozmapolitan. In the process, Tim's secret royal background is revealed.
At the end of the novel, the Wizard makes an offhanded reference toward returning to ballooning. this is ultimately realized in Eric Shanower's "The Giant Garden of Oz".
The Art Colony.
Given the fact that Martin was an artist before he became an author, his treatment of the Art Colony in his novel's Chapter Six, "Artistic Interpretations," is noteworthy. Dorothy and her friends have their portraits painted by a family of animated paintbrushes. The portraits are wildly unrealistic and distorted in varying ways — Jinx gets a cubist portrait — and the travelers are appalled to discover that they have been magically transformed to resemble their portraits, instead of the other way around. Dorothy's portrait depicts her as "a willowy, boneless, wraith-like creature with soulful eyes, gazing off in different directions." Suddenly her physical form possesses the same "elongated arms and snaky fingers..." Tim becomes "a lumpy, bow-legged clown with green skin, purple hair, and mismatched ears." Dorothy proclaims, "We're victims of a Modern Art movement." It is only with magical help (obtained from a fat man named Chance) that the sufferers can return to their natural forms. Martin may have been writing mainly to amuse his young readers; but his handling of the subject suggests that he was out of sympathy with much of twentieth-century art. 
Response.
In 1987, a year after the appearance of "The Ozmapolitan of Oz", Chris Dulabone published his "The Colorful Kitten of Oz", in which Eureka is the title character. The book includes an afterword that addresses perceived inconsistencies in Martin's book.

</doc>
<doc id="20217012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217012" title="Beijing Commune">
Beijing Commune

Beijing Commune is a China-based gallery, mainly featuring emerging artists'exhibitions.
Commercial Gallery.
Beijing Commune, located in the southern side of 798 Art Zone, was developed in 2004 by Leng Lin. It's a professional art gallery which exhibits and promotes Chinese contemporary art.It includes two exhibition halls, 17.5m x 9.5m and 10.95m x 7.06m large respectively.
An active art space, Beijing Commune has showcased miscellaneous artworks of both established and emerging Chinese artists, inclusive of painting, sculpture, video and photography, in an attempt to introduce the significant values of Chinese contemporary art to the world by means of regular shows and publishing catalogues. 
Since its very beginning, Beijing Commune has received massive attentions in both domestic and international art scenes. Song Dong, as one of the established artists, was invited to hold a solo project at MoMA, New York City in 2009. Yin Xiuzhen, whose first exhibition‘Collective Subconscious’kicked off in 2007, were the second Chinese artists to be included in MoMA's ‘Projects’in 2010. 
In recent years, the gallery focuses upon discovering potential artists of the younger generation. In 2010, video works of Ma Qiusha(b. 1982) and Zhao Yao(b. 1981) were shown at Tate Modern for ‘No Soul for Sale’ festival, while Liang Yuanwei was one of the representative artists to join in the China Pavilion of the 54th Venice Biennale in 2011.Moreover, Hu Xiaoyuan (b. 1977) took part in group exhibition "THE UNGOVERNABLES-2012” of New Museum[http://www.newmuseum.org/exhibitions/448] in 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20217015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217015" title="Gjergj">
Gjergj

Gjergj, the Albanian name for George, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20217037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217037" title="Kodomonokuni Theme Park">
Kodomonokuni Theme Park

Kodomonokuni Theme Park (こどもの国) is an amusement park near Tokyo, located in Yokohama, Japan. The park's name means Children's Country. As the name implies, it is more oriented towards young children than teenagers. The park is approximately 240 acres, and includes such things as a children's zoo, a boating lake, and a barbecue site.
It can be accessed by train from the Tokyu Corporation's Kodomonokuni Line, Kodomonokuni Station, or from Aobadai Station or Tsurukawa Station by bus.

</doc>
<doc id="20217056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217056" title="The Journal of Psychology">
The Journal of Psychology

The Journal of Psychology: Interdisciplinary and Applied is a bimonthly double-blind, peer-review psychology journal published by Taylor & Francis. The "Journal of Psychology" was founded in 1935 by Carl Murchison, an American psychologist, organizer, publisher, and editor. He co-founded the "Journal of Genetic Psychology", the "Journal of Social Psychology", and the "Journal of General Psychology", among others. In 2009, Heldref sold the ownership of the titles to Taylor & Francis. 
The "Journal of Psychology" is an interdisciplinary journal that publishes empirical research and theoretical articles in applied areas of psychology including clinical, counseling, measurement/assessment, school, educational, industrial, and personnel psychology. In addition, the journal publishes interdisciplinary research that integrates psychology and other fields (e.g., psychology and law, psychology and consumer behavior, psychology and religion).
With the transfer of ownership, the "Journal of Psychology" is headquartered in Philadelphia.
External links.
Date: 11 September 2013

</doc>
<doc id="20217069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217069" title="Hyrum State Park">
Hyrum State Park

Hyrum State Park is a state park and reservoir in Cache County, Utah, USA.
Hyrum State Park is in the northeastern part of Utah. It lies at , and consists of surrounding a reservoir. The park is used for fishing, boating, camping, picnicking, hiking, waterskiing, and swimming. 
The park was named for Hyrum Smith, the brother of LDS church founder Joseph Smith.
Hyrum State Park's facilities are located at the northern shore of the reservoir, and include 31 RV campsites, restrooms, showers, a ranger station, boat ramp, dock, and trailheads.
The dam creating Hyrum Reservoir was completed in April, 1935, by the United States Bureau of Reclamation. Prior to that, local settlers had dug a canal from the Little Bear River to the town of Hyrum to irrigate their crops.
Fish in the reservoir include yellow perch, channel catfish, rainbow trout, largemouth bass, and bluegill.

</doc>
<doc id="20217073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217073" title="Astragalus funereus">
Astragalus funereus

Astragalus funereus is an uncommon species of milkvetch known by the common names Funeral Mountain milkvetch and black milkvetch. 
The Latin name "funereus" and common name "Funeral Mountain milkvetch" refers to a population in the Funeral Mountains of Death Valley in California.
It is native to the Mojave Desert scrub of eastern California and western Nevada.
Description.
"Astragalus funereus" is a small tufted perennial herb coated densely in stiff hairs. The stems are up to 8 centimeters long. The short leaves are made up of several hairy oval-shaped leaflets growing close together. The inflorescence contains up to 10 flowers and is covered in black hairs. The flowers are 2 to 3 centimeters long and pink and purple streaked. The fruit is a compressed, lance-shaped legume pod up to 5 centimeters long. It is leathery and coated in white hairs.

</doc>
<doc id="20217101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217101" title="Tatura railway station">
Tatura railway station

Tatura railway station is a closed railway station on the Toolamba–Echuca railway line in Victoria, Australia. The former platform mound remains adjacent to the large dairy at Tatura. The track contains a kink near the former station site where the rail yard area once was. There is a semaphore signal at the up end of the station

</doc>
<doc id="20217112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217112" title="Weymouth">
Weymouth

Weymouth can refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="20217115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217115" title="Håkan Isacson">
Håkan Isacson

Håkan Isacson (1943–2002) was a Swedish intelligence agent who became known as the whistleblower of the IB affair, a political scandal in Sweden in the 1970s. Isacson was a former employee at IB, a secret Swedish domestic intelligence organization, who was used as the source by journalists Peter Bratt and Jan Guillou when they made the existence of the organization public in May 1973. On 4 January 1974 Isacson, along with Bratt and Guillou, was convicted of espionage by the Stockholm District Court and sentenced to 12 months in prison.
Isacson was a closeted homosexual.

</doc>
<doc id="20217150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217150" title="Marcia (mother of Trajan)">
Marcia (mother of Trajan)

Marcia (about 33-before 100) was an ancient Roman noblewoman and the mother of the emperor Trajan.
Family.
Marcia came from a noble and politically influential family, the plebs gens Marcia, which claimed to be descended from the Roman King Ancus Marcius. Marcia was a daughter of the Roman Senator Quintus Marcius Barea Sura and Antonia Furnilla. Quintus Marcius Barea Sura was a friend to future Roman Emperor Vespasian. Her sister Marcia Furnilla was the second wife of future Roman Emperor Titus. Marcia was a maternal aunt to Furnilla’s and Titus’ daughter Julia Flavia or Flavia Julia Titi.
Marcia’s paternal uncle was the Roman Senator Quintus Marcius Barea Soranus, while her paternal cousin was the noble woman Marcia Servilia Sorana. Marcia’s paternal grandfather was Quintus Marcius Barea, who was Suffect Consul in 26 and was twice Proconsul of the Africa Province, while her maternal grandfather could have been Aulus Antonius Rufus, a Suffect Consul either in 44 or 45. The family of Marcia was connected to the opponents of Roman Emperor Nero. In 65 after the failure of the Pisonian conspiracy, her family was disfavored by Nero.
Life.
Marcia was born and raised in Rome. During the reign of Roman Emperor Claudius (41-54), Marcia married a Spanish Roman general and senator called Marcus Ulpius Traianus. Traianus originally came from Italica (near modern Seville, Spain) in the Roman Province of Hispania Baetica. After Marcia married Traianus, for a time they lived in Italica.
Marcia bore Traianus two children:
Marcia owned clay-bearing estates called the "Figlinae Marcianae", which was located in North Italy. When Marcia died, Trajan inherited these estates from his mother. It is unknown if Marcia lived long enough to see Trajan become Emperor.
Legacy.
Around 100, her son Trajan founded a colony in North Africa which was called "Colonia Marciana Ulpia Traiana Thamugadi" (modern Timgad, Algeria). Her son named this town in honor of her, her late husband and her daughter. The colony’s name is also a tribute in honoring her family.

</doc>
<doc id="20217154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217154" title="Merrigum railway station">
Merrigum railway station

Merrigum station was a railway station at Merrigum, on the Toolamba–Echuca line in Victoria, Australia. All that remains of the station is the mound on which the platform stood and a section of track placed in what was the rail yard.

</doc>
<doc id="20217171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217171" title="Joseph Amedokpo">
Joseph Amedokpo

Joseph Amedokpo is a Togolese painter. He was born in Vogan, Togo (West Africa), in 1946, and moved to Lagos, Nigeria, at the age of eight, where he received his education and art training, receiving a scholarship to the Yaba Trade Center where he studied fine art from 1966-68. 
Amedokpo paints using locally available oils and his canvases are recycled flour sacks, washed and stretched. His studio forms part of his family compound; a tin roof shelters him from the African sun and seasonal rains. He has achieved recognition in Europe and the United States.
In November 2008, Amedokpo was selected as one of four artist for Dell’s Product RED initiative as part of the global fight against AIDS. Other artists selected include Siobhan Gunning, Bruce Mau and Mike Ming.

</doc>
<doc id="20217173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217173" title="Bulfati">
Bulfati

The Bulfati, (برفت) also known as the Burfat, Burphat or Bulfat is a Baloch Tribe tribe living in different areas of Pakistan and Iran.
History and origin.
In the large block of hill country between the Pakistani cities of Sehwan, Kotri Akro and Karachi the principal inhabitants are the Numrias or Burfats, of whom it is generally said that they are descendants of the Samma (tribe), as apparently are the Jokhias who occupy the skirts of the hills to the south of them, towards Malir and Thatta. Both these tribes were at one time associated more closely with Las Bela than with Sind, the Numrias having for a short period in the seventeenth century supplied the ruling dynasty of the country. The Baloch derivation of these tribes is demonstrated by the style of the carved stone tombs which are such a prominent feature of the country in which they are predominant, from Jherrak as far north as Hinidan on the right bank of Hab river.
The tribe of Bulfat originated in Lasbela in Balochistan. The first female ruler of this part of Balochistan in 16th century was "The Great Mai Chagli. She became ruler of the state after the death of her husband Mir Malik Paharh Khan.There is a cultural prejudice among the Baloch against accepting a female ruler, and soon after her husbands's death, she faced a challenge from the rival Baloch tribes, who had settled surrounding areas of Khuzdar, Wadh, and Kalat.
She was threatened by khan of kalat to leave lasbela or her only son Mir Malik Izzat khan will be killed.After discussion with her tribE she then her son and tribe migrated to kotri .Half of the tribe on the way settled in mountainous area of sindh called kohistan.This is now found scattered in Iranian Balochistan, Sindh and Pakistani Balochistan. The chief of the Bulfat tribe is called "Malik", and the current chief is Malik Asad Sikandar Khan.
Distribution.
In Iran, they are found in Bahu, Dashtyari and Chahbar, while in Pakistan, they are found in the mountains of Khirthar in Sindh and also to Punjab. The Bulfati have also emigrated to Zanzibar, Oman, and Mombasa in East Africa. In the Iranian province Sistan and Balochistan, people call these Jadgal. Jadgal means "the different language speaker", even though Lasbela residents today speak the lasi language.

</doc>
<doc id="20217178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217178" title="Changes in matter">
Changes in matter

Changes in matter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20217183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217183" title="Upper Kintla Lake Patrol Cabin">
Upper Kintla Lake Patrol Cabin

The Upper Kintla Lake Patrol Cabin in Glacier National Park is a rustic backcountry log cabin. Built in 1931 to standard National Park Service plan G913, the cabin has a single room. The cabin was modeled after similar cabins used at Yellowstone National Park, which were in turn similar to those used by the U.S. Forest Service, which resembled trappers' cabins. The Upper Kintla Lake Patrol Cabin is actually situated on the eastern shore of Kintla Lake which is almost west of Upper Kintla Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="20217190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217190" title="Nassak Diamond">
Nassak Diamond

The Nassak Diamond (also known as the Nassac Diamond and the Eye of the Idol) is a large, diamond that originated as a larger diamond in the 15th century in India. Found in the Amaragiri mine located in Mahbubnagar, Andhra Pradesh, India, and originally cut in India, the diamond was the adornment in the Trimbakeshwar Shiva Temple, near Nashik, in the state of Maharashtra, India from at least 1500 to 1817. The British East India Company acquired the diamond through the Third Anglo-Maratha War and sold it to British jewellers Rundell and Bridge in 1818. Rundell and Bridge recut the diamond in 1818, after which it made its way into the handle of the 1st Marquess of Westminster's dress sword.
The Nassak Diamond was imported into the United States in 1927, and was considered one of the first 24 great diamonds of the world by 1930. American jeweller Harry Winston acquired the Nassak Diamond in 1940 in Paris, France and recut it to its present flawless emerald cut shape. Winston sold the diamond to a New York jewellery firm in 1942. Mrs. William B. Leeds of New York received the gem in 1944 as a sixth anniversary present and wore it in a ring. The Nassak Diamond was last sold at an auction in New York in 1970 to Edward J. Hand, a 48-year-old trucking firm executive from Greenwich, Connecticut.
History.
The Nassak Diamond originated in the 15th century in India. Although the date of the original cutting is unknown, the original cutting was performed in India and had sacrificed everything to size while giving the diamond a form and appearance similar to that of the Koh-i-Noor diamond. From at least 1500 to 1817, the Nassak Diamond adorned the Shivalinga in the Trimbakeshwar Shiva Temple, near Nashik (Nassak), India on the upper Godavari River. As priests worshiped Shiva, the diamond eventually acquired its name from its long-term proximity to Nashik.
In 1817, the British East India Company and the Maratha Empire in India began the Third Anglo-Maratha War. During the Maratha war, the Nassak Diamond disappeared from the Shiva temple. The war ended in 1818 and the British East India Company was left decisively in control of most of India.
The Nassak Diamond quickly resurfaced in the possession of Baji Rao II the last independent Indian "Peshwa" Prince, who handed over the diamond to an English colonel named J. Briggs. In turn, Briggs delivered the diamond to Francis Rawdon-Hastings, the 1st Marquess of Hastings who had conducted the military operations against the Peshwa. Rawdon-Hastings delivered the diamond to the East India Company as part of the spoils of the Maratha war. The East India Company then sent the Nassak Diamond to England, to be sold on the London diamond market in 1818.
At the London diamond market, the Nassak Diamond was presented as an approximately diamond of great purity "but of bad form," having a somewhat pear-shape. The diamond further was characterised as a "rudely faceted, lustreless mass." Illustrations in Herbert Tillander's book "Diamond Cuts in Historic Jewelry – 1381 to 1910" show it as being a semi-triangular moghal cut with a plateau top, similar looking to the 115-carat Taj-E-Mah Diamond which resides in the Iranian Crown Jewels. Despite its appearance, the diamond was sold for about 3,000 pounds (equivalent today to £) to Rundell and Bridge, a British jewellery firm based in London.
Rundell and Bridge held onto the diamond for the next 13 years. During that time, the jewellery firm instructed its diamond cutter "to keep as closely as possible to the traces of the Hindu cutter, 'amending his defects, and accommodating the pattern to the exigencies of the subject matter.'" The recut by Rundell and Bridge from to resulted of a loss of no more than 10 percent of the original weight of the diamond.
In 1831, Rundell and Bridge sold the diamond to the Emanuel Brothers for about 7,200 pounds (today about £). Six years later in 1837, the Emanuel Brothers sold the Nassak Diamond at a public sale to Robert Grosvenor, the 1st Marquess of Westminster. At one point, the Marquess mounted the diamond in the handle of his dress sword. In 1886, the diamond was valued at between 30,000 and 40,000 pounds (today between £ and £), due in part to its vast gain in brilliancy from the re-cut by Rundell and Bridge.
Mauboussin and the lawsuit.
In 1922, George Mauboussin had become the named partner of "Mauboussin, Successeur de Noury," a French jewellery house that traced its roots to its founding by M. Rocher in 1827. In March 1927, the Duke of Westminster used US importers Mayers, Osterwald & Muhlfeld to sell the diamond to Parisian jeweller George Mauboussin, who was living in the United States at the time. Mauboussin's importation of the diamond into the United States was tax free, since the diamond was determined to be an artistic antiquity produced more than one hundred years prior to the date of importation. However, E. F. Bendler, an American wholesaler and dealer in diamonds and a rival of Mauboussin, filed a protest that resulted in a lawsuit to determine whether a tax should be imposed on the diamond's entry into the United States. By November 1927, Mauboussin considered selling the diamond to friends of General Primo de Rivera, who planned to give the diamond to the dictator on the occasion of his forthcoming investiture as marshal of Spain. That sale never materialised and the lawsuit continued. The diamond was nearly lost in a theft that occurred in January 1929, when four gunmen robbed the Park Avenue jewellery store where the Nassak Diamond was being kept. However, the thieves missed finding the diamond because it was being stored in a soiled envelope.
After the first robbery attempt, Mauboussin's jewellery firm opened a branch in New York City on 1 October 1929, only to be met by the Wall Street Crash of 1929 at the end of October. To compound matters, the same gang of international robbers tried to steal the Nassak Diamond again in May 1930, but once again missed it.
Prior to the outcome of the lawsuit, the insured diamond was valued between US$400,000 and $500,000 (allowing for inflation, this would now be $ and $). At the time the lawsuit was pending, imported diamonds that were cut and suitable for use in the manufacture of jewellery, without actually being set as jewellery were subject to an "ad valorem" tax of 20% its value. However, artistic antiquities produced more than one hundred years prior to the date of importation could be imported into the United States duty-free; that is to say, without having to pay a 20% tax. The final decision of the lawsuit was released on 4 June 1930. In that decision, the court determined that the unset Nassak Diamond was not an artistic antiquity and was suitable for use in manufacture of jewellery. In particular, the court said that the 1930 Nassak Diamond was nothing more than "a large diamond, cut in an ordinary way." As a result, the importer owed an ad valorem tax of 20% of the diamond's value under US Tariff Act of 1922.
Harry Winston's influence.
In 1930, the Nassak Diamond had a somewhat elongated triangle form with rounded corners. The depth of one side of the triangle was thicker than the other. The diamond was "without flaw, unusually brilliant, and so cut as to well display its clear, crystal brilliancy." While on exhibit at the 1933 World's Fair in Chicago, Illinois, the "Official guide book of the fair, 1933" described the diamond as a flawless, blue-
white stone with a reputation of being "the finest diamond outside crown jewels collections."
In 1940, American jeweller Harry Winston acquired the Nassak Diamond in Paris, France and recut it to its present flawless emerald cut shape. Winston sold the diamond to a New York jewellery firm in 1942. In 1944, Commander William Bateman Leeds, Jr., millionaire son of the inventor of a tin plating process and friend of George Mauboussin, purchased the diamond for his wife, Reflexion Olive Leeds (born Olive Hamilton), and gave it to her in a set ring as a sixth anniversary present.
Present information.
In early 1964, gemologist G. Robert (Bob) Crowningshield evaluated the Nassak Diamond at the Gemological Institute of America gem laboratory to produce a Diamond Grading Report. In that same year, the Nassak Diamond was placed in the hands of J. & S.S. DeYoung, a then 100-year-old estate jewellery house located in New York. The Gemological Institute of America Diamond Grading Report that came with the diamond indicated that it was Internally Flawless.
In early April 1970, the diamond was rated one of the thirty great stones of the world and placed on display at Parke-Bernet Galleries in New York City. On 16 April 1970, the diamond was sold at auction for $500,000 (allowing for inflation, this would now be $) to Edward J. Hand, a then 48-year-old trucking firm executive from Greenwich, Connecticut. This was the second highest auction price ever for a diamond at that time, the first being circa $1.1 million for the Taylor-Burton Diamond several years earlier. Six years later, the diamond was placed on display in November 1976 at a charity benefit as a means to attract donors to that benefit.
Trivia.
In December 1982, BMI airlines purchased a McDonnell Douglas DC-9 aircraft from KLM; two months later, the plane was in the United Kingdom with the name "Nassak Diamond".

</doc>
<doc id="20217201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217201" title="Welayat Mosque">
Welayat Mosque

Welayat Mosque or Kateb al-Welaya Mosque () is a small historic mosque located along Omar Mukhtar Street in Gaza City in the Zaytoun Quarter of the old city. The mosque was built by the Mamluks in 1432, however, the structure could date as far back as 1344. Additions to the wstern part of the mosque were commissioned in 1584 by Ahmed Bey, the Ottoman clerk of Wilayat Dimashq, hence the name "Kateb al Welaya" ("the clerk of the state"). 
The minaret of the mosque is adjacent to the bell tower of the St. Porphyrius Church. Palestinian historian Aref al-Aref says local legend attributes this Umar ibn al-Khattab who ordered Arab general Amr ibn al-'As to build a mosque next to every church in lands conquered by the Muslims.

</doc>
<doc id="20217207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217207" title="Tokyo Dome City Attractions">
Tokyo Dome City Attractions


</doc>
<doc id="20217224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217224" title="Tropico 3">
Tropico 3

Tropico 3 is a video game developed by Haemimont Games and published by Kalypso Media. Like the previous games in the series, "Tropico 3" is a construction and management simulation game (as well as a political simulation game) with heavy emphasis on city building. As a sequel to "Tropico", the game attempts to return to the roots of the series, which puts the player into the shoes of "El Presidente" – a dictator governing over an island banana republic.
The Mac OS X version of the game was released on January 26, 2012, by Feral Interactive.
Gameplay.
Players begin having seized power of the Caribbean island country of Tropico, where they rule as "El Presidente". The game has a campaign with 15 different missions with varying objectives.
As "El Presidente", the player's main duties include managing development on the island, by ordering construction of various resources, industry and service buildings, and determining how these buildings operate. The player can also issue several different "edicts" to influence the island, such as new laws, policies, and diplomatic actions.
There are seven different political factions on the island (communists, capitalists, militarists, environmentalists, nationalists, religious faction and intellectuals) each with various demands, such as constructing a specific building and issuing a specific edict. Due to the game's Cold War setting, the player will have to manage relations with both the USA and the USSR, who will provide the player with yearly financial aid. Higher relations with a superpower will mean more aid and the possibility of an alliance, low relations will mean less aid and the danger of invasion by that superpower.
Other features include a time line editor that allows you to create your own fictitious historical events or enter real ones, custom avatar, political speeches, wide range of editing and modification functions, mission generator for random map creation, variety of online-functions such as high scores or visiting islands belonging to other players and a Latin soundtrack.
The game has a variety of humor elements including running satirical commentary by fictional radio station Tropico News Today, and subtle touches such as liaisons between priests and cabaret girls. The "loading" and "saving" screens have quotes from various dictators, leaders, politicians, and revolutionaries such as Che Guevara, Fidel Castro, Vladimir Lenin, Karl Marx, John F. Kennedy, Dwight Eisenhower, Augusto Pinochet, Nikita Khrushchev, Leon Trotsky, Mobutu Sese Seko, Todor Zhivkov, Vladimir Putin, Muammar Gaddafi, and Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
Development.
"Tropico 3" was developed by Haemimont Games for both Xbox 360 and PC. Features include a new 3D game engine and a customizable avatar which you can travel across the island, interacting with the environment and population and the use of cars, trucks and limos. Like the original "Tropico", the developers preserved the tongue-in-cheek humor of the game, as well as the basic game-play. In "Tropico 3", the issues and problems of the island are explained by Juanito the DJ in humorous ways.
Expansions.
In March 2010, the expansion pack "Absolute Power" was announced, slated for release in Europe in 2010.
The expansion received an 8/10 on Game Zone, closing with "Absolute Power isn’t a revolution, instead taking the framework laid out by the original game and building on it with new features and a wacky new campaign. The core mechanics are still the same, and the new campaign might be a turn off to sim fans looking for something more grounded and traditional. However, if you were a fan of "Tropico 3" and want another reason to step into the role of El Presidente once more, then this is your 
chance." Absolute Power was released on PC as an expansion pack, and is included in the Macintosh version of the game.
The expansion pack gives the player a wider selection of edicts such as 'Print money', 'Free housing', 'Delete a Faction' and 'Shoot Juanito' (which involves blowing up Juanito's "TNT Radio"). These new edicts are called 'Megalomania edicts'; for each edict that the player releases they can gain a varying amount of megalomania score that counts at the end of the game. Also there is a new range of buildings, including 'Golden Statue' (in the likeness of 'El Presidente'), 'Garbage dump' and 'Balloon rides'. The Loyalist faction is also introduced; it is composed of the player's most loyal supporters. There is also a second radio DJ named Betty Boom who is head of the resistance movement against el Presidente.
Editions.
Steam Special Edition.
The "Steam Special Edition" of "Tropico 3" offers two additional maps for the sandbox mode and two additional costumes for the El Presidente avatar editor. The "Steam Special Edition" is only available through Steam. It was released on October 21, 2009, in North America but was originally listed to be released on the later date of October 25, 2009. The international release was on November 14, 2009.
Collector Edition.
The Collector Edition, for which the content has never been revealed, was available to pre-order only on Amazon sites worldwide; however, on September 30, 2009, Amazon announced this collector edition had been canceled. On September 29, 2010, Kalypso released "Tropico 3: Gold Edition," which includes the Tropico 3, the Absolute Power expansion, and an instruction book.
Reception.
"Tropico 3" received generally favorable reviews at Metacritic, with an average of 79% on the PC, and 76% on the Xbox 360. GameSpot commented that "playing a banana republic dictator in Tropico 3 might not be easy, but it certainly is rewarding." GameZone's Dakota Grabowski gave the game a 7 out of 10, stating, "Containing a 15-mission campaign, short tutorial, sandbox mode and special challenges, "Tropico 3" has enough replay value to keep players at bay for more than a month. If that doesn’t satisfy the hunger, players are eligible to jump online and download user-created challenges to overcome. With personalities such as Fidel Castro and Che Guevara, "Tropico 3" is an educational and entertainment piece that is well-deserving of a few playthroughs by all gamers."

</doc>
<doc id="20217230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217230" title="Bharat Sevashram Sangha">
Bharat Sevashram Sangha

Bharat Sevashram Sangha () is a Hindu charitable non-governmental organisation in India. It was founded in 1917 by Acharya Srimat Swami Pranavanandaji Maharaj. The Sangha has hundreds of ashrams in India and other countries including the United Kingdom, United States, Guyana, Canada, and Bangladesh. It has initiated several missions to African countries, Malaysia, and Indonesia; monks from the Sangha have accompanied United Nations delegations to Syria and Lebanon.
Activities.
The Sangha has responded to natural calamities in Andhra Pradesh and Orissa states, the Bengal famine of 1943, the Bhopal disaster, the 2001 Gujarat earthquake, and the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami. At times of political unrest such as the Partition of India, the Sangha has set up refugee camps and war evacuee camps in the border areas.
It has organised several projects to help impoverished Indian tribal people. One such project involved providing schooling for children of the Sabar tribe and providing them with housing and healthcare. It also hosts courses to train youths in information technology to enable them to find jobs which require IT skills.
Following the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, the Sangha's monks proposed to set up a school for orphans at a cost of Rs. 4250,000s, an orphanage at Rs.6020,000, and 200 houses at Rs.30 millions on the Andaman and Nicobar Islands. In Tamil Nadu state, where the tsunami killed more than 7,000 in the districts of Cuddalore, Nagapattinam and Chennai, the Sangha was one of the first to begin massive relief operations by building nearly 200 new houses at Sonankuppam village in Cuddaloer. Fishing boats and nets were also distributed to locals who had lost everything to the sea.
The Sangha actively provides shelter, food, medical treatment and public safety services to pilgrims at various places of worship and religious fairs in India, such as the Kumbha Mela. It operates free hospitals at Barajuri and Kolkata, mobile dispensary and medical units in sixty-four locations, a free residence for patients and their families in Navi Mumbai, and four hospitals and homes for leprosy patients. A 500-bed hospital at Joka, Kolkata was inaugurated in 2010 by the Indian Finance Minister as an example of private-public partnerships in healthcare.
Controversy.
In July 2006, police stopped the Sangha from filling in a pond off its premises in Cornfield Road, Calcutta, after the Sangha failed to produce any letter from the Calcutta Municipal Corporation authorising them to do so.

</doc>
<doc id="20217232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217232" title="Logan Creek Patrol Cabin">
Logan Creek Patrol Cabin

The Logan Creek Patrol Cabin in Glacier National Park is a rustic backcountry log cabin. Built in 1925, the cabin has a single room. It is unusual among Glacier's patrol cabins in lacking a covered porch to offer sheltered firewood storage. and protection for the entrance.

</doc>
<doc id="20217243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217243" title="Nikon AF-S DX Zoom-Nikkor 55-200mm f/4-5.6G">
Nikon AF-S DX Zoom-Nikkor 55-200mm f/4-5.6G

The 55-200mm AF-S lens is a medium telephoto zoom lens manufactured by Nikon for use on Nikon DX format digital SLR cameras. It comes in two variants:
Like all lenses in the DX format, the 55-200mm casts a smaller image circle than lenses for full-frame 35mm cameras and is therefore only compatible with cameras having APS-C-sized sensors (or vignetting will result). 
Nikon introduced the 55-200mm in 2005 and refreshed it in 2007. As an inexpensive, compact, and lightweight telephoto, it complements the D40 and D60 entry level digital SLR cameras Nikon brings to market. "Photozone" noted the newer VR model has a better build quality than the earlier non-VR model.
Thom Hogan praised its value and optical performance, but criticized its handling, noting a stiff zoom ring, diminutive focus ring, and difficulty switching to manual focus. 
Because the lens has a completely plastic body, including the mount, as is usual for lenses in this market segment, it is much lighter, but also less sturdy, than more expensive lenses of comparable size and capability which belong to a higher priced, and more professionally oriented, market segment.

</doc>
<doc id="20217245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217245" title="Hot Box (appliance)">
Hot Box (appliance)

A hot box is an improvised appliance to heat up food, usually with at least two normal incandescent light bulbs as the heat source, that is frequently found in break rooms on construction sites. The enclosure can be made of wood, metal, or any available material that can enclose the heat. It's especially useful for heating up food in a metal container that could not otherwise be heated in a microwave oven without decanting the contents. Its presence also means that a large rush of people to use any available microwave ovens is tempered by those who are able to have had their meals heated up via this different method.

</doc>
<doc id="20217255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217255" title="Kyabram railway station">
Kyabram railway station

Kyabram railway station was opened on Friday, 19 August 1887. It is on the Toolamba–Echuca railway line in Victoria, Australia. 
Status.
The line has not been used for passenger services for some time and even freight movements on this line are non-existent with the line booked out of service.
Infrastructure.
The platform at Kyabram still exists in a reasonable condition, with a gravel car park. There is also a siding track still present at this location.

</doc>
<doc id="20217259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217259" title="Norman Blake/Tut Taylor/Sam Bush/Butch Robins/Vassar Clements/David Holland/Jethro Burns">
Norman Blake/Tut Taylor/Sam Bush/Butch Robins/Vassar Clements/David Holland/Jethro Burns

Norman Blake/Tut Taylor/Sam Bush/Butch Robins/Vassar Clements/David Holland/Jethro Burns is a studio album recorded by American musicians Norman Blake, Tut Taylor, Sam Bush, Butch Robins, Vassar Clements, and Jethro Burns and British bassist Dave Holland. It was released in 1975.
From Hank Deane's original liner notes: "Hey, let's do a record in Nashville with everybody. "And Jethro Burns", says Sam. OK, all right, let's do it. I fly to Nashville to see Claude Hill and we do it."
Reception.
Ken Dryden, in his Allmusic review states the album "...blur the imaginary lines between jazz and bluegrass even further; after all, a good musician in either field should be a great improviser."
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="20217287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217287" title="West Entrance Station">
West Entrance Station

The West Entrance Station at Glacier National Park was built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1942. An example of the National Park Service Rustic style, it was designed by the National Park Service Branch of Plans and Design.
The entrance station was designed at National Park Service architect Albert Good's suggestion to specifically resemble a toll station. The station is a wood frame building faced with random ashlar stone. The roof is framed using logs., supported by log posts. The entrance station is similar to that built at the park's Saint Mary entrance at about the same time, using the same plans. A 1963 modification added two checking booths with board-and-batten siding under the wings of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="20217322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217322" title="Taisuke Nakamura">
Taisuke Nakamura

Career.
Club career.
Nakamura is a product of Kyoto Sanga's youth academy, first entering the club as a ten-year-old. He made his J. League debut on 24 October 2008 in a 2–1 defeat against Kawasaki Frontale, coming on as a substitute for Makoto Kakuda in the 59th minute. He scored his first senior goal for the club in a 2–1 defeat against Yokohama F. Marinos in August 2010. From 2008 till 2011, he made 46 appearances and scored 2 goals in the league for Sanga.
On 11 January 2012 it was announced that Nakamura would be joining Albirex Niigata on loan for the 2012 season.
International career.
In August 2009, he was selected to U-20 team for a youth event in Alcúdia.
Career statistics.
As of 25 December 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20217324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217324" title="Tongala railway station">
Tongala railway station

Tongala is a closed railway station on the Toolamba–Echuca railway line in Victoria, Australia. Although the former passenger platform remains only as a mound at Tongala, the former goods platform still exists in relatively good condition. A crane is still provided on this platform. A transport mural is located near the station site

</doc>
<doc id="20217336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217336" title="Rita Fornia">
Rita Fornia

Rita Fornia (17 July 1878 – 26 October 1922) was an American opera singer. She began her career in Europe at the beginning of the 20th century singing coloratura soprano roles. Early on in her career her voice darkened and dropped slightly causing her to focus more within the mezzo-soprano repertoire while still singing some soprano roles. She joined the Metropolitan Opera company in 1907 where she performed regularly in mostly supporting roles until her retirement in 1922. She is best remembered today for portraying the role of the Abbess in the original production of Puccini's "Suor Angelica" in 1918.
Career.
Fornia was born in San Francisco with the name Regina Newman in 1878. Her parents were immigrants from Prussia and her father owned a successful business as a wholesale jeweller. At the age of 12, she attended Adelina Patti's 1890 concert in San Francisco which inspired her to become an opera singer. Her father eventually allowed her to move to New York City in 1898 to pursue her desire.
While in New York, Fornia studied with Emil Fischer and Sofia Scalchi in New York City and then, under Fischer's advice, moved to Berlin in 1899 to study under Selma Nicklass-Kempner. Kempner, later the teacher of Frieda Hempel, trained her as a coloratura soprano. She made her professional début with the Hamburg State Opera in 1901 as Eudoxie in Halévy's "La Juive". Over the next two years she sang mostly coloratura soprano roles in Germany and France, largely with the Hamburg State Opera who offered her a contract. Her other roles in Hamburg included Rosina in "The Barber of Seville" and the Queen of the Night in "The Magic Flute". From the Fall of 1902 through the summer of 1903 she studied with Jean de Reszke in Paris. Reszke was convinced the Fornia was actually a mezzo-soprano and trained her voice accordingly. Under Reszke's recommendation to Henry Savage, Fornia returned to America in August 1903 to join the Savage English Grand Opera Company where she sang both mezzo-soprano and soprano roles until 1906. Her first performance with the company was as Siébel in Charles Gounod's "Faust" at the Brooklyn Academy of Music on 21 September 1903. Her other roles with Savage's company included Musetta in Giacomo Puccini's "La bohème", Nedda in "Pagliacci", Santuzza in "Cavalleria rusticana", both Brünnhilde and Sieglinde in "The Valkyrie", both Elisabeth and Venus in Wagner's "Tannhäuser", and both Leonora and Azucena in Verdi's "Il trovatore". 
In 1907 Heinrich Conried hired Fornia to join the roster at the Metropolitan Opera for the 1907—1908 season. Her first performance with the company was as the Geisha in Mascagni's "Iris" on December 6, 1907 where her name was billed as Rita Fornia for the first time. She notably sang with Geraldine Farrar and Enrico Caruso in a performance of "Faust" for the opening of the new Brooklyn Academy of Music in 1908. Also of interest during this season was her last minute replacement of an ailing Emma Eames as Leonora in "Il trovatore" in March 1908 which caused a sensation among New York audiences. The "New York American" reported the following about her performance: "To the amazement of those who had not heard the singer in important parts, Mme. La Fornia made a pronounced and brilliant hit. Though she had had no rehearsal, she sang admirably. In the dramatic passages she had power, and suggested passion. In her florid music, she had taste, charm, and remarkable facility. Her voice is fresh and of a delightful quality. She acts intelligently. And she is handsome. Why has the Metropolitan management kept a singer of Mme. La Fornia’s caliber in the background all these months?" 
The success of this first season led Conried to offer Fornia a lengthy contract and she continued to perform with the company through 1922. She sang in more than 400 performances with the Metropolitan Opera, where she occasionally performed leading roles but more frequently was heard in a wide range of smaller supporting parts. Musicologist and biographer Mary Watkins Cushing said the following about Fornia's career with the company: "In the period of opera which included many of the greatest singers the Metropolitan has ever known, Madame Fornia did not stand out, although she was gifted with an excellent and useful voice, artistic stamina, and a kindly and accommodating disposition. Were she a member of the company today, she would doubtless be considered a top-flight singer. She was, during her time, an invaluable asset; the sort of hard-working, uninspired, but competent artist every company needs……She was a pleasant, fairly placid woman, of no great personal distinction either on or off the scene. She was, in short, not the material of which the so-called stars of the musical world are made, but she was beyond all doubt a first-rate example of what the Europeans call a routinière." 
Most notably, Fornia created the parts of Enya in the original 1912 production of Horatio Parker's "Mona", Giulia in the original 1915 production of Umberto Giordano's "Madame Sans-Gêne" and the Abbess in the original 1918 production of Puccini's "Suor Angelica". Her other roles with the company included Amarante in "La fille de Madame Angot", Barbarina in "Le Nozze di Figaro", Donna Elvira in "Don Giovanni", Eleanora in "Le Donne Curiose", Eurydice in Monteverdi's "Orfeo", Flowermaiden in "Parsifal", Frasquita in "Carmen", Geltrude in "Il maestro di cappella", Gertrud in "Hänsel und Gretel", Giulietta in "Les Contes d'Hoffmann", Gutrune in "Götterdämmerung", Helmwige in "Die Walküre", the Innkeeper's Daughter in "Königskinder", Leonora in "Il Trovatore", Marianne in "Der Rosenkavalier", Marzelline in "Fidelio", Nedda in "Pagliacci", Pepa in "Tiefland", Poussette in "Manon", the Priestess in "Aida", Rosina in "Il Barbiere di Siviglia", Santuzza in "Cavalleria Rusticana", the Second Lady in "Die Zauberflöte", the Shepherd in "Tannhäuser", Siebel in "Faust", Stéphano in "Roméo et Juliette", and Wellgunde in "Das Rheingold" among others. Her last performance at the Met was in her most celebrated role, Suzuki in "Madama Butterfly", on April 7, 1922. 
In May 1909 Fornia married James P. Labey, a New York art dealer, with whom she enjoyed a happy marriage. According to her friend and colleague, renowned singer Geraldine Farrar, Fornia began experiencing health problems in 1915. Her retirement in 1922 seems likely to have been related to her health as she underwent an operation in New York not too long after her last stage appearance. She died six months after her retirement, during a visit to her sister's home in Paris, France, on October 26, 1922. The funeral service was held at the Anglican, or Episcopalian, Church of St George in la Rue Auguste-Vacquerie, Paris, on November 2. Her husband survived her by exactly 24 years before his death at the West Side Hospital, New York at the age of 74 on October 26, 1946.
Recordings.
Fornia was among the first generation of musicians to be recorded. Her few recordings were all made by the Victor Talking Machine Company. Among the recordings she left are trio from "Madama Butterfly" ("Lo so che alle sue pene") with Antonio Scotti and Riccardo Martin, Stéphano’s aria ("Que fais-tu, blanche tourterelle") from "Roméo et Juliette", Siebel's aria ("Faites-lui mes aveux") from "Faust", and a number of French and German art songs. Marston Records has recently released a number of these recordings on CD.

</doc>
<doc id="20217351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217351" title="King baboon spider">
King baboon spider

The king baboon spider ("Pelinobius muticus") is a tarantula species native to East Africa. The king baboon spider can grow up to 20 cm in leg span. It is a slow growing species. The spider is often rusty brown or orange in colour. As a burrowing species, the back legs are very thick and used for digging burrows. It is popular among tarantula collectors but is highly aggressive and not suitable for beginners. They also have very strong venom (although none of the tarantulas is known to have a bite that is deadly to humans); a bite from a baby (1 cm body length) of this species caused sharp pain and the place of the bite remained itchy for five days.
Description.
The king baboon spider is a burrowing spider. It puts silk at the burrows entrance to detect vibrations. These spiders hunt beetles, cockroaches, and other spiders, although they can kill mice, lizards, snakes, and birds. Like all old world spiders, the king baboon tarantula has no urticating hairs, and can be very defensive. When provoked, they rear up, and strike down repeatedly. This is one of only a few Theraphosid spiders that can stridulate as a major defense mechanism. The stridulation sound effect is produced by rubbing the femurs of the 1st and 2nd pair of legs, which when combined with rearing up, produces a formidable defense. The king baboon spider is predated by birds, baboons, and other mammals.
Habitat.
The king baboon spider normally lives in scrubland or grassland, where they dig burrows.
Distribution.
The king baboon spider is found in most of East Africa, especially Kenya and Tanzania.
Housing.
Adult "Pelinobius muticus" can be kept in converted aquarium and provided with plenty of ventilation and a very deep substrate (at least 25 cm deep). Spiderlings can be kept in small containers such as pill tubs and waxworm tubs slightly larger species can be kept in livefood tubs.

</doc>
<doc id="20217367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217367" title="USS Warren (1799)">
USS Warren (1799)

The third USS "Warren" was a sloop-of-war that served in the United States Navy from 1799 to 1801.
Construction and commissioning.
"Warren" was a copper-sheathed sloop-of-war contracted for at Newburyport, Massachusetts, but actually built by an association of shipbuilders at Salisbury, Massachusetts. On 6 July 1799, while she was still under construction, Secretary of the Navy Benjamin Stoddert ordered Master Commandant Timothy Newman to take command of "Warren". The ship was fitted out there, into the winter of 1799, and probably was commissioned in either November or December of 1799.
Voyage to the Caribbean.
Assigned the duty of protecting American commerce in Cuban waters against the possible incursions of French warships or privateers during the "Quasi War" with France, "Warren" set sail for Havana, Cuba, on 31 December 1799, escorting the schooner "Trio". "Trio" was laden with stores for the American men-of-war on the Havana station. As the ships stood out of Nantasket Roads, near Boston, Massachusetts, Sailing Master Joseph Whitmore, in "Warren", penned fervently in his journal, "God send us safe to our orders End in our Lawfull (sic) Ways in supporting our Independence."
"Trio" was separated from "Warren" about 4 January 1800 or 5 January 1800, and "Warren" proceeded on independently. The passage proved uneventful until the 17 January 1800, when six men came to Master Commandant Newman's cabin door at 18:30 hours, swearing that "they would not do Duty and . . . would go aboard the first British Man-of-War they could see." According to Whitmore's journal, one of the men wielded the cook's hatchet and all apparently "used other Mutenous (sic) language." As a reward for their behavior, the six were promptly clapped in irons, to stand trial later.
At 13:00 hours on 19 January 1800, "Warren" spoke with the sloop "Mary", 18 days out of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and bound for Cuba. "Mary" needed assistance, and "Warren" provided her with rigging and the ship's foretopmast stay sail. Three hours later, "Warren" met the schooner "Lucy", 25 days out of Providence, Rhode Island, and took her into the convoy. "Warren" later passed a hawser to "Mary" and took her in tow. The three ships remained in company for five days before "Warren" lost sight of the two merchantnmen.
Caribbean operations.
"Warren" reached Havana early in the afternoon of 29 January 1800. Over ensuing days, she supplied the brig USS "Norfolk" and assisted the brig "Fanny", of Salem, Massachusetts, on 11 February 1800. On the morning of 16 February 1800, "Warren" got underway in company with "Norfolk" to escort a convoy of 19 merchantmen out of the coastal waters off Havana. "Warren" remained at sea until 8 March 1800, when she dropped anchor at Matanzas, Cuba, for upkeep and to take on fresh water. She returned to patrol duties off the coast of Cuba at sunrise on 13 March 1800.
After a week at sea, "Warren" returned to Havana on 20 February 1800 and waited for a fleet of merchantmen to emerge from the harbor and form a convoy. That evening, a dozen ships sailed, and "Warren" joined them as they emerged from the harbor and gave them routing instructions as they headed for the United States. "Warren" remained at sea, on patrol, for another week thereafter, and returned to Havana on 28 February 1800. She stood out to sea again on the morning of 2 April 1800 and proceeded to Matanza where she arrived on 5 April 1800.
"Warren" joined man-of-war USS "Ganges" and a convoy of 22 merchantmen on 21 April 1800 and sailed with them for a time before returning to Havana early in May 1800. Sailing again on 5 May 1800, "Warren" patrolled off the Cuban coast until she arrived at Havana on 23 May 1800.
Epidemic.
"Warren" operated locally between Havana and Matanzas until mid-June 1800 and anchored in Havana harbor on the 15 June 1800. On 24 June 1800, the ship's doctor sent Quarter Gunner William Dogget ashore to the hospital at Havana, the man suffering from a fever -- later determined to be yellow fever. Ominously, Dogget's case signified only the beginning of what would become a terrible ordeal for the sloop-of-war "Warren".
During "Warren"s stay at Havana, her crew — hitherto "in general, healthy, and robust" — began to have "evident symptoms of an increasing universal debility." "Warren", departing Havana in company with the frigate USS "General Greene" and 12 merchantmen, sailed for Veracruz, Mexico, on 26 June 1800.
Gunner Dogget, convalescent in the hospital at Havana, was spared seeing the agony of many of his shipmates. For the remainder of June 1800, an average of 15 men per day were incapacitated for performing ship's work. The first fatality occurred shortly before dawn on 30 June 1800, when young Midshipman Jonathan Greenleaf died. Nineteen men, recorded Whitmore, who survived the yellow fever epidemic, were then down with "the fever."
Thirteen more, including the doctor's mate, died before "Warren" reached Veracruz on 13 July 1800. "Warren" sent 20 men ashore there, but four died in the ensuing days. "Warren" ultimately departed Veracruz on 23 July 1800, having had an average of 20 to 24 sick men ashore in the hospital and 25 on board unfit for duty. Whitmore noted on 25 July 1800 that two dozen men were sick but noted optimistically that there were "many mending."
"Warren" headed back to Havana. Two men died on 27 July 1800, three on the 28 July 1800, and one on 1 August 1800. On 2 August 1800 at 10:00 hours, the captain's only son, John Newman, along on the voyage as a midshipman, died. "Warren" subsequently anchored at Havana on 15 August 1800, dropping her hook at 11:00 hours. Four hours later, Master Commandant Newman succumbed to the illness that had decimated his crew and killed his only son, when he, too, died. His remains were accordingly sent ashore and interred at Havana. Lieutenant Joseph Strout then took command and, soon thereafter, took the ship northward, bound for the United States.
Meanwhile, as "Warren" sailed homeward, Secretary of the Navy Stoddert ordered Captain James Barron to take command of the ship as soon as possible after she arrived, with expressed instructions to "relieve the sick; recruit men to fill the deficiency; cleanse, reprovision, rewater, and prepare her for another cruise with the most dispatch." Stoddert later instructed Barron to provide "all the protection in your power to the vessels which sail under your convoy, and see that as many as may be practicable to their destined ports."
Later operations.
"Warren" apparently arrived at Boston in the autumn of 1800. She subsequently fitted out for another cruise and sailed for the West Indies, where she operated, on patrol and escort duties primarily off Saint Martin and Saint Barthélemy, near Guadeloupe and Haiti, until the "Quasi-War" with France ended early in 1801.
Decommissioning and disposal.
"Warren" returned to the United States to Boston in the spring of 1801 at Boston .Sold in Boston the 1 June 1801 for 19747 dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="20217375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217375" title="Daishi Kato">
Daishi Kato


</doc>
<doc id="20217378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217378" title="Bighorn Ditch Headgate">
Bighorn Ditch Headgate

The Bighorn Ditch Headgate, also known as the Bighorn Canal Headgate, was built starting in 1892 to provide irrigation to the Crow Indian Reservation in Montana. The headgate structure diverted water from the Bighorn River. It was designed by William F. Graves, and construction was carried out by Crow laborers. The project was completed in 1904. The site is presently included in Bighorn Canyon National Recreation Area. 
The structure includes a diversion dam extending at an angle into the river to divert water through the headgate into a canal flowing parallel to the river. The headgate structure was built of dressed local limestone, and is wide, allowing a designed flow of of water per second. Five iron gates controlled the flow. The headgate structure is intermittently inundated by water held in the Yellowtail Dam Afterbay reservoir.
The Bighorn Ditch was instrumental in the change in Crow life from nomadic movement to a settled, agrarian life. Initial attempts at farming beginning in 1885 resulted in failure, and it became apparent that irrigation would be required for consistent yield. The 1891 Reno Ditch provided water to 4500 (later 12,500) Crow acres. The Bighorn Ditch allowed the expansion of agriculture and cattle ranching to , and permitted the Crows to stop receiving Federal food subsidies.
The Bighorn Ditch headgate was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 12, 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="20217407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217407" title="Mall Tycoon 3">
Mall Tycoon 3

Mall Tycoon 3 is a business simulation game, released in 2005. It was developed by Cat Daddy Games and published by Global Star Software. It is the third and final installment in the Mall Tycoon series, after the original "Mall Tycoon" and "Mall Tycoon 2". The game was released to mixed reviews, getting lower than the previous games.
Gameplay.
After selecting to play in sandbox mode, three starting locations are given. You may choose to build your mall in a neighborhood, a big city, or beside the beach. One may also choose to play a campaign game instead, and select from several different challenges.
Unlike in the previous installments of the series, Mall Tycoon 3 allows players to create customized stores. Over 40 types of stores of various types are available for placement in a pre-made store or a player may design their own, putting in everything from sale signs to the merchandise racks. Also customizable are the employees; their job capabilities and personal appearances are adjustable. In addition to regular in-line stores, there are also a handful of kiosks, such as one that sells cellular phones.
In the first two Mall Tycoon games, stores were created by placing the set store size, and then adding a store to them. In Mall Tycoon 3, the player paints the floor to create a store, allowing for them to be of any shape or size. 
Mall Tycoon 3 features a total of 5 buildable mall levels.

</doc>
<doc id="20217411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217411" title="Makoto Kakuda">
Makoto Kakuda

Club career statistics.
As of 21 March 2011

</doc>
<doc id="20217434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217434" title="Hervé Bazile">
Hervé Bazile

Hervé Bazile (born March 18, 1990 in France) is a Haitian footballer who currently plays for Amiens Sporting Club.
Football career.
Bazile, also referred to as Basile, made his professional football debut on November 11, 2008 in a 2-4 loss to Bordeaux in the 2008-09 edition of the Coupe de la Ligue coming on as a substitute playing 24 minutes. He made his league debut a month later on December 5, 2008 in a 0-0 draw against Montpellier again appearing as a substitute.
International career.
Bazile played on the France U-19 squad.

</doc>
<doc id="20217436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217436" title="Lake Sagami Pleasure Forest">
Lake Sagami Pleasure Forest

Lake Sagami Pleasure Forest or Sagamiko Pleasure Forest (さがみ湖リゾート プレジャーフォレスト) formerly, Sagamiko Picnic Land (さがみ湖ピクニックランド) is an amusement park in Sagamihara, Japan. 

</doc>
<doc id="20217448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217448" title="Yasumasa Nishino">
Yasumasa Nishino

Career statistics.
As of 30 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20217451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217451" title="Gamadiel García">
Gamadiel García

Gamadiel Adrián García Sánchez (, born 20 July 1979) is a Chilean professional footballer that currently plays for Primera División club Audax Italiano as attacking midfielder.
Club career.
He debuted as professional footballer at Chilean powerhouse Universidad de Chile in 1998, in where García won his first two titles in his career, the same year: the league title and the Copa Chile. The next season, he was loaned to Coquimbo Unido for one season, he also was the top-scorer at the team of Coquimbo alongside Pascual de Gregorio. In January 2003, he moved to Mexico for play at Necaxa, in where he scored three goals in 48 appearances, and two years later, García signed a contract with Venezuelan Primera División giants Caracas, then playing the next seasons at Once Caldas and Unión Atlético Maracaibo, and in 2006, he returned to his country for play his old club Coquimbo Unido. 
In December 2006, García joined to Greek Super League side Skoda Xanthi for an undisclosed fee, returning the next season to Chile for play in Huachipato, in where he had successful spell, scoring 24 goals in 88 appearances at the team of Talcahuano. Four years later, he signed a contract with Deportes La Serena and the next season, thanks to his good campaign, García joined Deportivo Táchira, team that disputed the 2012 Copa Libertadores. In June, he returned to Chile and was signed by Primera División club Audax Italiano.
International career.
García was part of the Chilean U-20 squad that played the 1999 South American Youth Championship made in Argentina. Three years later, he debuted for the adult squad against Turkey in a friendly game, on 17 April 2002, being this his only international appearance, despite of his another game disputed with Chile against Aragon in 2006, that was considered a non-official FIFA match.

</doc>
<doc id="20217456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217456" title="Promotion to the Bundesliga">
Promotion to the Bundesliga

The Promotion to the Bundesliga () was an end-of-season competition, held annually to determined the clubs that were promoted from the "Regionalligas", later the "2nd Bundesligas" to the "Bundesliga". Originally, it was necessary because there were more second division champions then promotion spots available. From 1974 onwards, it involved only two clubs who determined the third possible promotion spot to the "Bundesliga".
Leagues.
1963–74.
When the "Bundesliga" was formed in 1963, the "German Football Association" established five regional second divisions below it, the "Regionalligas", these being:
Because the boundaries of these five leagues went along historical lines, determined by the boundaries of the five German sub-federations, the playing strength of the leagues was not equal. To determine the two teams to be promoted to the "Bundesliga" each season, a promotion round was held. The number of teams from each "Regionalliga" qualified for this event was not equal, for the above-mentioned reason. 
From 1963, the first two teams in each "Regionalliga" was qualified for the promotion round, except from Berlin, who would only send the champions. To reduce the number of clubs from nine to eight, a home-and-away decider was played between two of the runners-ups. The origin of the two teams in this altered annually. The eight teams would then play a home-and-away round in two groups of four with the winners qualified for the "Bundesliga". Teams from the same "Regionalliga" would not play in the same group. This system was in place till 1966.
From 1967, the groups were expanded to five clubs and all five "Regionalligas" send their runners-up to the competition. Otherwise, the modus remained unchanged. This system remained in place until 1974, when the "Regionalligas" were disbanded.
1974–81.
In 1974, the five "Regionalligas" were replaced by two "2nd Bundesligas", those being:
The two league champions would now be directly promoted to the "Bundesliga" while the two runners-up played a home-and-away round to determined the third promoted team. This system remained in place until the single "2nd Bundesliga" replaced the two leagues.
1981–91.
With the introduction of the single-division "2nd Bundesliga" in 1981, a promotion round would have become unnecessary as the top-three teams could have been directly promoted. Instead, only the top-two teams archived direct promotion. The third placed club had to play the 16th placed club from the "Bundesliga" in a home-and-away round for the last spot in the first division. This series was played until 1991. 
With the German reunion in 1991 and the influx of clubs from the former "DDR-Oberliga", the promotion round between the two clubs was stopped. In the 1990–91 season, five clubs were promoted to the "Bundesliga", three from the west and two from the east.
1991–92.
As a transition season due to the integration of the East German clubs, only two clubs were promoted from the second to the first division. Also, the "2nd Bundesliga" was split into two regional groups for this season.
1992–2008.
In this era, the top-three teams of the "2. Bundesliga" were directly promoted to the "Bundesliga".
2008–present.
From 2009, the promotion series between the 16th placed "Bundesliga" club and the third placed "2nd Bundesliga" team will be reestablished. The "Bundesliga" follows thereby its own, past example and the one set by the English Premier League and the Italian Serie A, where these games are in place, too and quite popular.

</doc>
<doc id="20217474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217474" title="Duopoly (broadcasting)">
Duopoly (broadcasting)

A duopoly (or twinstick, referring to "stick" as jargon for a radio tower) is a situation in television and radio broadcasting in which two or more stations in the same city or community share common ownership.
In the United States.
In the United States, the practice of duopolies have been frowned upon when using public airwaves, on the premise that it gives too much influence to one company. However, rules governing radio stations are less restrictive than those for television, allowing as many as six radio stations under common ownership in the largest U.S. markets.
Duopolies that involved television stations with overlapping coverage areas were normally not allowed in the United States before 2001. The Federal Communications Commission currently allows common ownership of two stations in a single market on the pretense that there are eight unique station owners left in the market once a duopoly is formed (making them not allowed in any market with fewer than nine full-power stations, counting non-commercial stations), and a duopoly cannot be formed between two of the four highest-rated stations in a market.
Once a duopoly is formed, the company that assumes ownership of the secondary station (considered the "junior partner" in the duopoly, where as the station that a broadcasting company already owned prior to the formation of the duopoly is considered the "senior partner"), the new owner takes over the operations of that station as well. The operations of the two stations involved are consolidated into one facility, usually that belonging to the senior partner (although there are cases in which the senior partner's operations are merged into the studio facility housing the junior partner in the duopoly). The side effect that results is that since the stations involved in the duopoly are not restricted by FCC law from consolidating their operations, duplicative jobs at one of the stations are often terminated as the consolidation takes effect.
Similarly, if both of the stations maintained separate news departments prior to the duopoly's creation, they are often consolidated into a singular operation, resulting in the sharing of anchors and reporters for newscasts on both stations (including those previously employed with junior partner's news department prior to the creation of the duopoly); in some cases (like with WHDH and WLVI in Boston, Massachusetts, when the former's owner Sunbeam Television formed a duopoly with WLVI after purchasing the station from Tribune Broadcasting in 2006), even resulting in the complete shutdown of the junior partner's news department and subsequent takeover of news production by the senior partner.
The use of digital subchannels has been termed an "instant duopoly" because of the ease by which a single digital station can deliver multiple channels of programming from different networks into the same market at the same time. One station can carry four or more standard definition digital channels (multiple HDTV feeds are typically too large to be carried on different subchannels of the same station simultaneously without resulting in the loss of image quality).
Virtual duopolies.
Some broadcasting companies have used loopholes to establish duopolies in smaller markets by way of a local marketing agreement or shared services agreement; where a station effectively brokers its entire airtime to another station in the market, who becomes responsible for handling its programming – and in effect, operations. These are termed as "virtual duopolies" as the station's license is held by one company, while its operations are handled by another.
Some larger broadcasting companies have controversially built business models around the practice by funding the acquisition of stations by what are effectively shill companies or shell corporations; for example, Sinclair Broadcast Group operates the stations of Cunningham Broadcasting and Deerfield Media under LMAs or SSAs. Nearly all of Cunningham's stock is held by trusts in the name of Sinclair's founders and owners, the Smith family. Similarly, Nexstar Broadcasting Group funds the purchase of stations by Mission Broadcasting, who forms duopolies with their stations through shared services agreements with a Nexstar station.
In some cases, the use of an adjacent-market city of license has been used on a secondary station to avoid a limit on the number of stations controlled by the same broadcaster in the same market. Occasionally, those arrangements cross international borders. For instance, radio station WLYK in Cape Vincent, New York in the United States is operated from the Canadian studios of Kingston, Ontario's CIKR-FM, a broadcaster already at the two-station limit in its own market, under an LMA. Broadcasters such as Entravision have often entered into local marketing agreements with Mexican border stations (such as Tijuana's XETV-TV for content directed at San Diego).
Failing station waivers.
It is also possible to obtain a "failing station waiver", which can exempt a broadcaster from some portion of the existing restrictions on common ownership in order to acquire and operate a station which otherwise would be economically non-viable or would be forced to cease operations.
Requests for failing station waivers have historically met with variable reception; in general, a prospective buyer is on the same wavelength with the FCC on failing-station policies if it can demonstrate to the Commission that:
Waivers under these criteria were granted to sell WASV-TV in Asheville to Media General, owner of WSPA-TV in that market, and KWBA in Tucson to the Journal Broadcast Group, owner of that market's KGUN-TV. A similar waiver was refused to KNIN-TV in Boise as the station appeared to have reasonable prospects of financial break-even without a takeover by Journal-owned KIVI-TV; that decision was subsequently appealed.
Low-power TV stations.
Low-power and Class A television services are not subject to ownership caps in the United States, as their over-the-air signals do not reach as many homes as regular stations. In high-penetration cable areas, this distinction is essentially meaningless. LPTV stations are also exempt from digital television transition requirements imposed on full-service broadcasters.
As such, they can also be formed to create duopolies; for instance, Weigel Broadcasting maintains triopolies in three markets surrounding the southern part of Lake Michigan (Chicago, Illinois, Milwaukee, Wisconsin and South Bend, Indiana) using a combination of full-power and low-power television stations. In Chicago, it maintains one full-power signal (independent station WCIU-TV) and two low-power stations (WWME-CA and WMEU-CA, the flagship stations of the Me-TV digital subchannel network). In Milwaukee, Weigel has two full-power stations (CBS affiliate WDJT-TV and full-power independent station WMLW-TV) and two low-power stations (Me-TV station WBME-CD and WYTU-LD, a Telemundo affiliate, though that station uses a WMLW subchannel as their main conduit for cable carriage). Weigel also takes advantage of digital subchannel broadcasting heavily and airs their This TV and Bounce TV networks in both markets Previously it also executed time share agreements on other subchannels with ethnic broadcasters, and in Milwaukee, a local real estate agency to air programming.
A similar situation exists in Lima, Ohio, where Block Communications controls a quadropoly of stations owned by itself (WLIO, a full-powered NBC affiliate who carries Fox and MyNetworkTV on a digital subchannel) and low-power stations owned by West Central Ohio Broadcasting, Inc. (who owns ABC affiliate WLQP-LP/WOHL-CD, and CBS affiliate WLMO-LP) under an LMA. One of the latter company's heads, Allan J. Block, is the chairman of Block Communications. The group is the sole over-air provider of secular network television programming in the Lima market, though area cable systems also carry out-of-town affiliates from Toledo, Columbus, and Dayton.
In Canada.
Officially, Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) policy mandates that a broadcaster may only own one television station in a particular language in any given market. However, there are two types of exemptions which may be granted:
The policy does not prevent companies from owning multiple stations in a market provided that the stations broadcast in different languages. In recent years, this has been interpreted as meaning that a single company may own both an English-language station and one or more multicultural stations with some English-language content, which in itself may be considered a form of "exemption". CBC/Radio-Canada owned-and-operated stations (O&Os) are also often deployed in pairs in major cities on both television and radio, separated only by language. Also, the policy is not interpreted as preventing a single company from owning both a "commercial" general-interest station and an educational station in the same market, even if the latter airs advertising, as with Access in Alberta.
Although the small and large market exemptions have a financial criterion in common, there are notable differences between the two. A small market twinstick may involve major network affiliates licensed to the same community, and is not obligated to provide distinct local news programming on the two stations, while in a large market the stations must be licensed to serve different communities or different programming niches, and "cannot" merge their news programming into a single operation. Small market twinsticks commonly share their branding across both stations, while twinsticks in large markets generally do not. As well, while small market twinsticks generally involve private affiliates, major market twinsticks are virtually always owned-and-operated stations of their associated networks or systems.
In a few isolated cases, the CRTC has permitted "triple-sticks", or triopolies, where a single broadcaster operates "three" stations in a market. These are only possible under unusual circumstances which are discussed as they arise below.
History.
Twinsticks were first allowed in 1967, as a way to help expand CTV service to smaller markets. In the original twinstick model, the second station was a rebroadcaster of a CTV station in a larger market, to which the small market's existing CBC affiliate would be granted the advertising sales rights.
As the company's advertising revenue grew, the CTV transmitter would eventually become an originating station in its own right, and in theory would eventually be sold to another broadcaster. However, in many cases the subsequent sale never happened, as the community's economic growth failed to lend itself to competition between multiple television broadcasters. In other markets where the CRTC had licensed competing broadcasters, such as Northern Ontario, twinstick mergers were subsequently allowed to permit the survival of both television stations after similar economic difficulties were encountered.
With the cross-national consolidation of media ownership, many of the original twinstick stations no longer share ownership with their former twin stations. However, the second type of twinstick, involving media consolidation in larger markets, began to arise in the 1990s.
Small markets.
Up until February 2010, twinsticks of this type outside of Quebec involved CTV and CBC affiliates. Currently, the Lloydminster stations are CTV and CBC affiliates, while the Thunder Bay stations are Global and CBC affiliates.
Within Quebec, twinsticks may consist of any combination of SRC, TVA and V affiliates:
From 1997 to 2002, CTV directly owned several CBC twinstick stations it had inherited from Baton Broadcasting (CKNC, CHNB, CJIC and CFCL in Northern Ontario, which were part of the MCTV system, and CKBI and CKOS in Saskatchewan), but these were sold to the CBC in 2002.
One "triple stick" also exists, in which a single company, Télé Inter-Rives, operates all three licensed stations in Rivière-du-Loup: CKRT, CIMT and CFTF. An unofficial triple stick also exists in the Rouyn-Noranda area, as RNC Media, the licensed owner of that city's twinstick, also operates CFVS, the sole station licensed to the nearby city of Val-d'Or; in actual practice, all three stations serve both cities. These unusual situations arise because of the unique circumstances of francophone television stations in Quebec: with virtually no sources for syndicated programming, the stations are effectively constrained to network programming at all times, and both TVA and Radio-Canada maintain direct editorial control of local newscasts on all of their affiliates – meaning that despite being owned by a single company, the stations are still able to meet the guiding principles behind the CRTC's policies on media ownership.
As noted above, historically twinstick operations were locally owned. With the cross-national consolidation of media ownership in Canada, however, most twinstick operations are now owned by major media conglomerates. The Thunder Bay Television stations (CHFD/CKPR) are the sole remaining locally owned twinstick anywhere in English Canada. The aforementioned Télé Inter-Rives is similarly unique in Quebec, although it is itself "partially" owned by Quebecor.
Until August 2008, Cogeco owned three twinsticks in Quebec: CKTV and CFRS in Saguenay, CKSH and CFKS in Sherbrooke and CKTM and CFKM in Trois-Rivières. These twinsticks were dissolved when Radio-Canada decided to acquire its former affiliates (CKTV, CKSH and CKTM), while the V affiliates (CFRS, CFKS and CFKM) were acquired by Remstar Corporation, the new owner of V (then known as TQS).
Major markets.
In the mid-1990s, the CRTC also began to allow private companies operating in large markets to acquire smaller stations. In all such cases, the twinsticks are permitted because a diversity of broadcast voices already exists in the market, and the stations are normally licensed to serve different communities in the metropolitan market or different programming niches. The stations must also be operated independently of each other, although they are permitted to cross-promote each other's programming. They may also air a very limited amount of common programming, although in practice this privilege is rarely used.
Currently Bell Media operates twinsticks in three major markets, using the CTV and CTV Two brands:
In addition to these "true" twinsticks, in some areas, Bell Media has taken a twinstick-type approach with two stations deemed to be in "adjacent" media markets, but which in practice serve both markets. For example, Bell operates both CTV station CKCO-DT in Kitchener, Ontario and CTV Two station CFPL-DT in London, about away. Both have been carried on the VHF band of basic cable throughout much of southwestern Ontario for several decades. Hence, presumably as a result of this duplicated coverage, their current owner has elected to continue airing distinct programming on both stations (on the other hand, Kitchener is also about 100 km from Toronto; nevertheless both CKCO and Toronto's CFTO operate as CTV stations).
Finally, in some markets, Bell Media operates both a local over-the-air CTV station, and a provincial or regional cable channel that broadcasts CTV Two programming. In Alberta, CTV stations CFCN Calgary and CFRN Edmonton co-exist with CTV Two Alberta, which is officially licensed as the provincial educational broadcaster and is therefore technically exempt from the CRTC's common ownership policy (prior to September 2011, CTV Two Alberta also operated over-the-air transmitters in Calgary and Edmonton). In the Maritime Provinces, Bell Media operates both the over-the-air CTV Atlantic group of stations and the cable-only CTV Two Atlantic, which have been jointly owned (under various parent companies) since the latter's launch in 1983.
Previous examples.
Canwest operated the CIII/CHCH twinstick in Toronto-Hamilton and the CHAN/CHEK twinstick in Vancouver-Victoria until 2009, under the Global and E! brands. These two sets of twinsticks were separated as a result of E!'s demise in August 2009, with Canwest retaining the Global O&Os (CIII and CHAN) and selling off the E! stations (CHCH and CHEK). Additionally, Canwest previously owned the now-defunct CHCA in Red Deer, which was available on cable and via rebroadcast transmitters in both Calgary and Edmonton, where Canwest already owned CICT and CITV respectively. This was not considered a true twinstick as CHCA was not based in the larger markets, and did not have permission to solicit local advertising in those markets. It did, however, have simultaneous substitution rights.
CHUM Television operated the CITY/CKVR twinstick in Toronto-Barrie and the CKVU/CIVI twinstick in Vancouver-Victoria under the Citytv and A-Channel brands prior to its acquisition by CTVglobemedia in 2006. Following this acquisition, Rogers Media briefly held twinsticks in Vancouver (CKVU and CHNU) and Winnipeg (CHMI and CIIT), formed from its newly acquired Citytv stations and its Omni-branded religious stations; these two sets of twinsticks were dissolved in 2008 following the sales of CHNU and CIIT to S-VOX.
Unlike the situation in smaller markets, this type of "consolidation" twinstick had been increasingly common up to the late 2000s, concurrently with the rise of secondary television systems (e.g. CH/E! and A-Channel) launched by their parent companies to complement their primary networks or systems (e.g. Global and Citytv). This trend was partially reversed in 2009 with the demise of E! and the subsequent dissolution of the Global/E! twinsticks.
Multiple languages.
In many major markets, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation operates both CBC Television (English) and Ici Radio-Canada Télé (French) stations (in numerous other markets not listed, both networks are available over-the-air, but one or both of the transmitters is a rebroadcaster of a station originating in a different city; these are not usually considered true twinsticks).
In Toronto, Edmonton and Calgary, Rogers Media's acquisition of the Citytv system put those stations in twinsticks with the multilingual Omni Television stations. In Toronto, Omni Television has its own twinstick, giving the company a nominal "triple-stick" in that market. The two Omni stations in Toronto each serve different segments of the market's multicultural audience, and thus are "also" permitted under the language exemption.
In Montreal, Canwest owned both Global station CKMI and multicultural station CJNT until August 2009.
CTV was formerly a part owner of the francophone V network (formerly TQS) in Quebec, meaning that V's owned-and-operated CFJP in Montreal was a partial twinstick with CTV's CFCF for most of the 2000s. CFCF was, in fact, the original "owner" of TQS, meaning that the stations were once a true twinstick under the language exemption, although the two stations went through very different sequences of ownership changes after 1995.
Triopoly and quadropoly.
Until January 2011, NBCUniversal owned three full-power stations in Los Angeles; NBC O&O KNBC, Telemundo O&O KVEA, and former Spanish language independent KWHY-TV (now owned by Meruelo Group and affiliated with MundoFox). Los Angeles and San Francisco are the only two U.S. markets which can have a full-power triopoly (three stations) as the FCC allows common ownership if 18 television stations are in the market.
In 2013, through its acquisition of stations from Newport Television, Nexstar and Mission Broadcasting formed a full-power virtual quadropoly in Little Rock, Arkansas consisting of NBC station KARK-TV and MyNetworkTV station KARZ-TV (owned by Nexstar), along with Fox station KLRT-TV and CW station KASN (owned by Mission, operated by Nexstar under a local marketing agreement). All four stations were consolidated into KARK's facilities; 30 employees were laid off as part of the consolidation. A similar virtual quadropoly in the Mobile, Alabama-Pensacola, Florida market was formed through another acquisition from Newport, this time by Sinclair, consisting of Pensacola-based ABC station WEAR-TV and MyNetworkTV station WFGX (owned by Sinclair and licensed to the beach community of Fort Walton Beach), along with Mobile-based NBC station WPMI and Pensacola-licensed independent station WJTC (owned by Deerfield, operated by Sinclair under a local marketing agreement). Unlike the quadropoly in Little Rock, Sinclair has not consolidated all four stations into one facility and each duopoly maintains their own studios in different parts of the market (WEAR/WFGX on the Florida side, WPMI/WJTC on the Alabama side).
In Canada, at least one community (Rivière-du-Loup, Quebec) has all three of its local French language stations, CKRT-TV, CIMT-TV and CFTF-TV, under common ownership, however such levels of common ownership are for the most part strongly discouraged unless the stations serve remote communities or are operated in different languages (such as a triopoly owned by Rogers Media in Toronto, consisting of the English-language CITY-DT and the multicultural stations CFMT-DT and CJMT-DT). In Mexico, media concentration is endemic and it is not uncommon for as many as four stations to be operated by one entity. Televisa owns four Mexico City stations (XEW, XHTV, XHGC and XEQ) while TV Azteca, Mexico's second-largest broadcaster, owns three (XHIMT, XHDF and XHTVM). These broadcasts in turn feed large numbers of full-power affiliates. The largest Mexican network is Televisa's Canal de las Estrellas which feeds more than one hundred stations nationwide.

</doc>
<doc id="20217514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217514" title="Jiří">
Jiří

Jiří (), the Czech name for George, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20217516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217516" title="Tatsuya Masushima">
Tatsuya Masushima

Career statistics.
1Includes AFC Champions League.
2Includes FIFA Club World Cup and Japanese Super Cup.
Personal life.
Masushima were married on September 30, 2012 Reiko Shiota and badminton players.

</doc>
<doc id="20217533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217533" title="Byrd Baylor">
Byrd Baylor

Byrd Baylor Schweitzer (born 1924) is an American author of picture books for children. Four of her books have achieved Caldecott Honor status. 
Background.
Byrd Baylor was born on 28 March 1924 in San Antonio, Texas. She is related to Robert Emmett Bledsoe Baylor, the namesake of Baylor University, and to Admiral Richard E. Byrd. Her first name, Byrd, is taken from her mother's maiden name.
Baylor attended the University of Arizona.
Writing.
Baylor's work presents images of the Southwest and an intense connection between the land and the Native American people. Her prose illustrates vividly the value of simplicity, the natural world, and the balance of life within it.
Personal.
Baylor currently lives in Arivaca, Arizona, in an adobe house that does not have electricity, but with three manual typewriters. 
Caldecott Honors.
Baylor was awarded Caldecott Honors for her books "When Clay Sings" (1973) with illustrator Tom Bahti, and "The Desert is Theirs" (1976), "Hawk, I'm Your Brother" (1977), and "The Way to Start a Day" (1979) with illustrator Peter Parnall. 

</doc>
<doc id="20217536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217536" title="Leif G. W. Persson">
Leif G. W. Persson

Leif Gustav Willy Persson (born 12 March 1945 in Stockholm) is a Swedish criminologist and novelist. He was a professor in criminology at the Swedish National Police Board from 1992 to 2012. He is known for his crime fiction novels and for his regular appearances as an expert commentator on notable crime cases in television and newspapers. Between 1999 and 2009, he participated as an expert commentator on the television show "Efterlyst" on TV3. Nowadays he participates in the television show "Veckans Brott" with Camilla Kvartoft, which is primarily about unsolved Swedish criminal cases.
In 1977, while working at the Swedish National Police Board, Persson was used as the whistleblower by journalist Peter Bratt in the so-called Geijer affair when he confirmed a classified memo sent by then National Police Commissioner Carl Persson to Prime Minister Olof Palme about the alleged ties of the Minister of Justice, Lennart Geijer, to a prostitution ring in Stockholm. Following this affair he was fired from the National Police Board. The string of events almost drove Persson to suicide, but he soon returned as lecturer at Stockholm University. The prostitution ring affair inspired him to write his first novel, "Grisfesten". He returned as a professor at the National Police Board in 1992.
Awards.
Persson won the Best Swedish Crime Novel Award ("Bästa svenska kriminalroman"), for three of his novels: "Samhällsbärarna" in 1982, "En annan tid, ett annat liv" in 2003, and "Den döende detektiven" in 2010. This award is a literary prize awarded annually by the Swedish Crime Writers' Academy.
He also received the 2011 Glass Key award for "Den döende detektiven" (The Dying Detective); this award is a given annually to a crime novel by an author from the Nordic countries and the 2011 Palle Rosenkrantz-prize, which is awarded by the "Det danske Kriminalakademi" for the best criminal literature translated into Danish.

</doc>
<doc id="20217541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217541" title="Yuki Okubo">
Yuki Okubo

In 2002, he represented the Japan national under-19's in the 2002 AFC Youth Championship in Qatar.

</doc>
<doc id="20217542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217542" title="Jaime Sifre Dávila">
Jaime Sifre Dávila

Jaime Sifre Dávila (November 24, 1887 - October 6, 1960) was an attorney and judge in Puerto Rico, ultimately serving as an Associate Justice and briefly as the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico.
Sifre was born to Jaime Sifre Tarafa and Belén Dávila Santana in Vega Baja, Puerto Rico in 1887 and obtained his law degree from University of Michigan Law School, graduating in 1908. He married Consuelo Cordova Davila on December 17, 1910, and had six children.
He was appointed to the position of Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico in August 1952. In 1957, he was appointed by Governor Luis Muñoz Marín to succeed embattled A. Cecil Snyder as Chief Justice. He only served as chief justice for two months, having reached the mandatory retirement age of 70.

</doc>
<doc id="20217549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217549" title="Zhawar Kili">
Zhawar Kili

Zhawar Kili is the site of a suspected Taliban or al Qaeda base that was bombed in 1998 and 2001.
Zhawar Kili is in Khost Province suspected to have been an area where al Qaeda fighters regrouped after the bombardment of Tora Bora.
American cruise missiles bombed a suspected al Qaeda site in Zhawar Kili in 1998 in retaliation for the bombing of the American Embassies in Kenya and Tanzania in 1998.
Zhawar Kili was bombed again in November 2001. Richard A. Beck, a geologist at the University of Cincinnati informed the Department of Defense that he could identify the rocks in a videotape Osama bin Laden released in October 2001 from a field trip he had made to Khowst.
The Department of Defense released video of the bombardment of Zhawar Kili in March 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20217570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217570" title="Gears of War (comics)">
Gears of War (comics)

Gears of War is an ongoing series of comic books that is set in the "Gears of War" universe. The series is set between the Gears of War and Gears of War 2. 
Publication history.
Epic Games and DC Comics announced on April 17, 2008, that a comic book based on "Gears of War" will be published. The comic is published under DC's Wildstorm imprint and is written by Joshua Ortega, with art by Liam Sharp. The first storyline "Hollow" ran from "Gears of War" #1-6 and was followed by "The Quickening" with pencils by Simon Bisley and inks by Henry Flint. Sharp, Flint, Joel Gomez and Trevor Hairsine provided the art for the single issue "Harper's Story" in issue #8, before Sharp returned for the multi-issue storyline "Barren" starting in "Gears of War" #9.
In addition to the main comic series there is "The Gears of War: Sourcebook" issue, which holds a collection of images from artists from the comic book industry. The issue also contains a story from Joshua Ortega titled "One Day", which focuses on the inner struggle of Dominic Santiago.
Plot.
"Hollow".
In this comic books series, Marcus Fenix is training a new recruit, Jace. Delta Squad, composed of Marcus, Dom, Jace and Gil, is searching the Badlands for lost squads. They find another Gear, Corporal Michael Barrick of Echo Six. The rest of the members in the squad had been KIA. They set up camp and Dom and Marcus tell war stories to the other squad members. In the morning they encounter some locust drones. Gil gets seriously wounded just before two boomers arrive. While the rest of the squad takes out the enemy, Gil dies in Jace's arms. Jace recalls his own brother dying in his arms, but unlike then, Jace cannot shed a tear. The squad returns to Jacinto for a week's break. Dom and Anya meet, and Dom tells her that he appreciates the fact that she looked for his wife Maria. Anya then proceeds to meet Marcus Fenix in a bar. Two tough guys try to pick up Anya in a rough manner but Marcus hurts them to get them off. Once they find out who Marcus is, they lay off for good. The week is up and Dom, Marcus and Jace head out to find out that Michael Barrick is now in their squad.
"The Quickening".
During the invasion of his home Island, Tai Kaliso fought Indie soldiers in the jungle. After witnessing his village being cleansed by the UIR, Tai recognizes he has nothing to live for and ran into a member of the 26th Royal Tyran infantry. That same Gear, Marcus Fenix, invited Tai to fight for the COG, since he wanted him to be on the winning side. Years later Tai, along with the 26th, was fighting in Aspho Fields. Tai easily killed an Indie and mortally wounded another, giving comfort to the dying soldier but using his body as a Meat Shield after his death.
Many years later, after the Lightmass Offensive, Tai explains to Jace that life is sacred. Later, during the Assault on Landown, Rig D77 is destroyed by Tickers but Tai was able to survive. He then joined up with Delta-One. Hours later Tai and Dizzy engaged Skorge in a melee combat. Realizing Skorge could not be beaten, he ordered Dizzy to escape. Tai was captured by the Locust, and "processed". After hours of torture, Tai's soul was ready to leave his body, and when Delta rescued him Tai took his own life.
"Harper's Story".
In the comic, Jonathan Harper tells his own story. His story begins as his squad cheers on as the train carrying the Lightmass Bomb took off. Later he tells how he and his squad witnessed the bombing and thought it was beautiful. When he states the Locust weren't completely wiped out, he stated a new threat emerged, Rust Lung. He said several soldiers were tested for a new disease, Michael Barrick called it Rust Lung. Vivian Merriweather told Jon he didn't have Rust Lung, but he was unable to handle fighting which Jon took offense of. He was later given medicine. He was sent down into the hollows for Operation Hollow Storm. He was later captured and got very ill. He escaped the prison he was captured in, the same one as Maria's, and rescued a family evacuating out of Jacinto by taking some bullets where he perished near the sinkhole.
"Barren".
Following a distress signal from the overrun city of Jilane, Delta Squad is dispatched to investigate with the help of a unique "scout" named Alex. The team, with the help of Sigma Squad, will explore one of the darker elements of the Gears universe, and to tell this unique and harrowing tale, series writer Joshua Ortega will be joined by Epic Games president Mike Capps.
"Midnight".
This issue shines a spotlight on Jace Stratton, who's joining the squad in the recently announced Gears of War 3 game! New series artist Leonardo Manco (HELLBLAZER) provides the hard-hitting, gritty visuals for this story focusing on a younger Jace, fresh out of basic training, who is thrust into an operation that proves anything but routine… 
Reception.
Weekly Comic Book Review thought that "art, dialogue, and story all do a wonderful job of using the atmosphere and characters to great effect" although they wonder about the depth and how the comic would work for someone not familiar with the game. On issue #2 they felt that the "artwork effectively brings the violence and war-torn environments to the page" and the dialogue is "standard tough-guy, action movie stereotype type stuff, but it is what I expected and (in some ways) hoped for," concluding that "the book delivers the Gears of War experience pretty well " Comics Bulletin also wonders about the audience the series is aiming for as it will appeal to fans of the game who are also readers of comics, but they feel that it is not accessible enough for general readers.
Benjamin Birdie reviewed the second issue for Comic Book Resources, having not picked up the first issue because he had concluded, from a quick flick through, that the art was a "sloppily inked, chunky disaster." However, once he read the second issue, he had to change his mind, saying "Liam Sharp’s work, when you sit down and read it, works absolutely perfectly in the context of the book" and concludes that " it’s a strange artist who, from a slight distance can look so unappealing, but when you allow yourself to step into the world they’ve created turns out to be incredibly talented." He suggests Ortega does a "fairly decent job" with the dialogue but the story delivered what is required, ""Gears", and Ortega in this comic, does best is creating gripping set pieces of conflict and violence."
Collected editions.
The series is being collected into separate volumes:

</doc>
<doc id="20217580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217580" title="Daigo Watanabe">
Daigo Watanabe

He is the elder brother of F.C. Tokyo Kazuma Watanabe.
Career statistics.
As of 30 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20217623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217623" title="Yuichi Mizutani">
Yuichi Mizutani


</doc>
<doc id="20217632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217632" title="Kalundborg Friary">
Kalundborg Friary

Kalundborg Friary was a Franciscan friary located in Kalundborg, Denmark.
History.
Kalundborg Friary was founded in 1239 by Ingerd Jacobsdatter (ca.1220-1258), wife of Count Konrad of Revenstein from Halberstadt, Germany, She was a wealthy relative of Esbern Snare (who had founded Kalundborg in 1170) and connected to the powerful Hvide family, and also one of Denmark's greatest landowners. Ingerd was particularly impressed by the teachings of Saint Francis of Assisi which she encountered in Germany and donated land in Kalundborg for the construction of the friary as well as nearby farm properties to fund its works and operation. At the same time she founded other Franciscan houses at Copenhagen, Roskilde and Næstved.
Kalundborg was at the time an important stop on the trade route between the North Sea and the Baltic. The Franciscans benefited from the location of the friary close to the city gate. The first church was consecrated in 1279 and consisted of a single short nave with a choir and an apse. It was built out of brick in the Gothic style.
In 1360 Kalundborg was fortified with a ring wall and towers. The friary was deemed to be a threat to the security of the walls and it was moved a little to the south-west.
The friary was constructed in a skewed rectangle with the church as the south wing. There was a cloister and garden. The exact location of the graveyard is unclear, but from time to time burials have been uncovered by later excavations. The other wings housed the friars and the lay brothers who worked the farms, a rectory and a hospital.
For many years Kalundborg Friary took a liberal view of the vows of chastity and poverty, and ran itself at a profit until 1518, when the chapter voted to return to a stricter interpretation of the rules of Franciscan brotherhood. The properties which had been used to create wealth were sold to the last Roman Catholic king of Denmark, Christian II.
Dissolution.
Under Frederik I, successor to Christian after his forced abdication in 1523, Denmark was embroiled in the debate over Luther's reforms of the Roman Catholic church and moved rapidly towards religious reformation. Many Danes were tired of the enforced tithes and the donations sought by monasteries, hospitals, and other religious foundations. Although Frederik officially adopted even-handed treatment of Catholics and Lutherans, he actively promoted Lutheran ideas. He granted local officials permission to forcibly close Franciscan houses all over Denmark, or looked the other way when officials overstepped their authority and closed religious houses without permission. Prince Christian, later Christian III, also encouraged the closure of Franciscan houses on his lands.
In 1532 the governor of Kalundborg Castle forced the Franciscans from the friary at the instigation of Mogens Gjø, an ardent Lutheran who worked tirelessly to force the closure of monasteries on Jutland and Zealand. The last guardian of the friary, Melchior Jensen, offered only token resistance and then became the first Lutheran pastor of Kalundborg.
Denmark became officially Lutheran in October 1536 when all remaining religious houses in the country were closed. The buildings and properties associated with Kalundborg Friary became crown property and were administered by the governor of Kalundborg Castle. The buildings were converted into housing for workers on the royal farms and for storage ("Kalundborg Slots Ladegård").
By 1751 most of the friary had already been demolished and a new large farm headquarters building was constructed on the site. Subsequently, the remaining buildings were also pulled down, and there are no visible remains of the 300-year history of the Franciscans in Kalundborg.

</doc>
<doc id="20217651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217651" title="Lardeau">
Lardeau

Lardeau, originally spelled Lardo, is an unincorporated community and former mining town near the north end of Kootenay Lake in the West Kootenay region of southeastern British Columbia, Canada. The centre of a district known as the Lardeau mines, and as the Lardeau Country, Lardeau once had ambitions of becoming much larger, like Trout Lake City nearby on the lake of the same name, which forms a pass through to Galena Bay on Upper Arrow Lake, through which planned railways were to have turned Trout Lake and Lardeau into the great cities they were dreamed of becoming. Lardeau today is a mixed farming and logging community.

</doc>
<doc id="20217656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217656" title="Stuart-Wortley">
Stuart-Wortley

Stuart-Wortley is the name of

</doc>
<doc id="20217660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217660" title="Cueshé discography">
Cueshé discography

This is the discography of OPM music band "Cueshé".
Albums.
Compilation albums.
2005 – "UltraelectromagneticJam"<br>
2006 – "Mga Awit Kapuso: The Best of GMA TV Themes Vol. 3"<br>
2006 – "Hopia Mani Popcorn: The Best of Manila Sound Vol. 2"<br>
2009 – "The Best of Mga Awit Kapuso"
Singles.
Mainstream singles.
1 Single currently charting<br>
2 Upcoming single<br>
3 Radio-only single

</doc>
<doc id="20217662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217662" title="Dick Poole (cyclist)">
Dick Poole (cyclist)

Richard William Ewart Poole was the first man to cycle from Land's End to John o'Groats, the length of mainland Britain, in less than two days. He then beat the 1,000-mile record... only to find he was a few yards too short.
Background.
Dick Poole was a talented time-triallist—a competitor against the clock over fixed distances—living in west London. He was a member of Middlesex Road Club. A meeting with another enthusiast, a model-maker and weekend cycling journalist called Bernard Thompson, led to a plan in 1965 to try for the longest place-to-place record in Britain: Land's End to John o'Groats. 
Cyclists had been trying the ride since at least July 1880, when H Blackwell and C A Harman of the Canonbury Bicycle Club rode from Cornwall to Caithness in 13 days. The first formal attempt was by George Pilkington Mills, who rode a penny-farthing with a 52-inch wheel for 5d 1h 45m in July 1886, when he was 19. The Road Records Association formed two years later to formalise attempts. It ruled that riders were free to take whatever route they preferred provided they covered the distance. That proved critical in Poole's ride and in the challenge that ended his record.
The record he won.
Dick Poole set off from Land's End at 9:45 am on Wednesday, 16 June 1965 He was 31, married with a daughter, and worked full-time as an accountant. The record he was challenging was 2d 10m 40s, set by Reg Randall of the Harlequin cycling club in 1958. The timekeeper was Frank Fischer of the Kentish Wheelers.
Poole fell in road works at Cullompton and slid 10 minutes behind Randall when he got held up in traffic at Wellington. The pain of cuts on his hip from the fall cost him a further six minutes by Bristol, where Reg Randall helped direct his challenger through traffic. Night fell, rain fell, Poole's lights refused to stay lit. Poole was 42 minutes behind Randall at Wigan, after 365 miles but picked up speed along the main A6 highway.
He got lost in the streets of Lancaster before an observer from the Road Records Association found him and pointed him the right way. Poole finally moved ahead of Randall's time at Crawford, across the border into Scotland. "Sporting Cyclist" reported:
The record he missed.
Poole was tired and reluctant to continue. But a further at would bring him the 1,000-mile record, which Randall also held. "I was in the state you'd expect after the end-to-end", Poole said, "but they were saying I'd barely have to do it at club run speed So I agreed and I had a rest and I set off again."
The weather at John o'Groats was calm. Poole rode the first 15 miles at 20 mph and the first 30 at 17 mph. The weather turned to cold rain pushed by a high wind. Bernard Thompson, the organiser, allowed Poole to continue beyond the extra 128 miles as the timekeeper timed him through landmarks about every mile. By measuring the whole route afterwards, Fischer could calculate where Poole had passed 1,000 miles and at what time. At what Thompson considered a safe margin, 1,010 miles, Poole came to a halt. Fischer's unconfirmed time for 1,000 miles was 2d 8h 6m, which had beaten Randall's time by 2h 34m. 
The problem came when the course was measured. It showed that, despite the extra 10 miles measured on the odometer of the following car, Poole was a few yards short of the distance. Poole said:
The records broken.
Poole's end-to-end record stood for 14 years before it fell to Paul Carbutt, a rider who rode everything from short hill-climb time-trials to Land's End-John o'Groats. He won national championships at 50 and 100 miles and 12 hours and won the British Best All-Rounder competition for the highest average speeds over three races.
Bernard Thompson said: "Paul Carbutt is probably the one and only rider ever to have covered such a wide variety of unpaced distances with such success... Carbutt turned professional for a successful career which included the Land's End to John o'Groats record in 1d 23h 23m 1s, breaking Dick Poole's 14-year-old record by 23m 34s. In the process, Carbutt lost five minutes in Cornwall when police accused him of speeding. .
The writer Tim Hilton said:
The 1,000-mile record fell in September 2001 to Gethin Butler, a 33-year-old from Preston, who recorded 2d 7h 53m 7s having beaten the end-to-end record on the way in 1d 20m 4m 19s.
Poole's ride.
"Sporting Cyclist" reported that Poole wore four club jerseys, two pairs of shorts, two pairs of shoes, several pairs of socks, sweaters and a nylon anorak. He had quick halts for food but, as he was riding, got through 2 lb of fruit cake, 11 packets of malt bread sandwiches, one gallon of rice and fruit salad, seven pints of Complan, 12 oranges, cans of fruit, eight pints of coffee, 13 pints of tea and eight pints of Ribena.
His bicycles had gears of 102, 90, 84, 73, 72, 70, 62 and 59 inches. His Mercian frame had a head angle of 72 degrees and a seat angle of 73. He rode on 8oz tubulars He had handlebar controls for his gears, Mafac Racer brakes, Campagnolo hubs and a Stronglight chainset.
Retirement.
Poole became head coach of the Road Time Trials Council before its coaching scheme merged with that of the British Cycling Federation. He is now a coach at Reading track west of London and is President and Treasurer of the Farnborough and Camberley Cycling Club. He was instrumental in introducing triathlon to Britain when an Englishman, Aleck Hunter, returned from the Nice triathlon in France in 1982 and sought the help of Poole and Olympic pentathlete Mike Ellis in forming the British Triathlon Association. Poole was its chairman from 1983 to 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20217669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217669" title="A Day at the Beach (disambiguation)">
A Day at the Beach (disambiguation)

"A Day at the Beach" is a 1970 film written by Roman Polanski.
A Day at the Beach may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20217671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217671" title="Mark Saroyan">
Mark Saroyan

Mark Andrew Saroyan (April 6, 1960 – July 21, 1994) was a professor of Islamic and Soviet studies, focusing on religion and ethnicity in Central Asia and the Caucasus.
Saroyan began studying Soviet politics at UC Berkeley in 1986. In 1990 he became one of the first doctorate students of Berkeley's Soviet and Post-Soviet Studies program. After his graduation, Saroyan was hired as an assistant professor of political science at Harvard. At the same time he was diagnosed with a fatal illness. Though he took his position at Harvard, due to his worsening state Saroyan returned to Berkeley in 1993. He died on July 21, 1994 at the age of 34.
Saroyan was a unique voice in the field of Soviet studies, especially concerning Islam in the Soviet Union. At a time when the field was focused on elite-politics within Russia proper, Saroyan emphasized anthropological approaches among the other Soviet republics. Unlike other contemporary scholars such as Alexandre Bennigsen and Hélène Carrère d'Encausse who portrayed regional Islam as a static, anti-Soviet force, Saroyan examined the constantly shifting nature of the religion and its elite in an ever-evolving historical and sociopolitical context. Going against prevailing Western views, Saroyan argued that Islam was not a threat to Soviet rule. More generally, he also argued against the theory, found in both Soviet and Western writings, that Islam, along with other religions, was an anachronism that would soon disappear from the region.
Besides religious issues, Saroyan examined ethnic issues in the former Soviet Union, especially Armenia–Azerbaijan relations and the Nagorno-Karabakh War.
Saroyan was additionally involved in policy discussions, participating in conferences in the United States, Europe, Turkey, and Iran.
A skilled linguist, he spoke Armenian, Azeri, French, German, Persian, Russian, Turkish, and Uzbek.
Partial list of publications.
Ronald Suny ed. Nationalism and Social Change. University of Michigan Press, 1996).

</doc>
<doc id="20217672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217672" title="Takashi Miki">
Takashi Miki


</doc>
<doc id="20217673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217673" title="Jiri (disambiguation)">
Jiri (disambiguation)

Jiri is a village in Nepal.
Jiri may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20217681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217681" title="Hitohira no Hanabira">
Hitohira no Hanabira

"Hitohira no Hanabira" is the first single by the Japanese rock group Stereopony. It was released on November 5, 2008, under gr8! Records. The main track, "Hitohira no Hanabira", was the 17th ending theme for the anime series "Bleach".
The single reached #25 on the Oricon Weekly Charts.

</doc>
<doc id="20217683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217683" title="Hermann Masius">
Hermann Masius

Hermann Masius (January 7, 1818 – May 22, 1893) was a German educator who was a native of Trebnitz (today a borough of Könnern).
He studied theology in Halle, and later was director of a secondary school in Halberstadt. In 1860 he became director of a "Realschule" in Dresden, and in 1862 was appointed professor of education at the University of Leipzig.
Among his numerous publications was a work on "nature studies" called "Naturstudien". It was published over several editions, and acclaimed for its blending of natural and cultural history from an aesthetic standpoint. Another noted work of his was "Die gesamten Naturwissenschaften" (Complete Natural Sciences), of which he collaborated with other academic professionals.

</doc>
<doc id="20217688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217688" title="Patriarcha">
Patriarcha

Patriarcha, or The Natural Power of Kings is a 1680 book by the English philosopher Robert Filmer.
Outline.
"Patriarcha" provides a theory of absolute monarchy and the divine right of kings. Filmer attacks what he sees as the two enemies of Royal power, the Jesuits and the Calvinists, and states two royalist principles: divine right and the duty of passive obedience. He tries to show that the king's power is derived from the natural authority of parents, and that Adam was the first king. Borrowing from Thomas Hobbes, Filmer attacks conceptions such as contract and consent as explanations of political obligation.
Scholarly reception.
John Locke and others attacked what they saw as the absurdity of Filmer's views. The first of Locke's "Two Treatises of Government" consists mainly of criticism of Filmer. Locke found Filmer's account of political authority unworkable, arguing that it could not be used to justify any actual political authority, since it is impossible to show that any particular ruler is one of Adam's heirs.
"Patriarcha" remains Filmer's best known work. R. S. Downie considers Filmer's attacks on contract and consent as explanations of political obligation to be plausible, and finds it unfortunate that Filmer's belief in Adam's kingship has obscured them.

</doc>
<doc id="20217691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217691" title="VOTA (album)">
VOTA (album)

VOTA is the second self-titled album (though the first by this name) by the Christian rock band VOTA, formerly known as Casting Pearls. The album was released as a digital download on November 11, 2008, and released as a physical CD on February 10, 2009. The band is able to give $40.00 USD to Food for the Hungry through a matching grant with US AID for every album sold from their online store and merchandise table on tour. Since the digital release of the album in November, the band has helped raise over $200,000 for the Food for the Hungry project in Kenya (as of July 2009).
Track listing.
"All songs written by Bryan Olesen/Case Maranville/Scott Rutz unless noted otherwise"

</doc>
<doc id="20217697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217697" title="Bhimsen">
Bhimsen

Bhimsen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20217701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217701" title="My Wife Is a Gambling Maestro">
My Wife Is a Gambling Maestro

My Wife Is a Gambling Maestro ( is a 2008 Hong Kong film directed by Wong Jing, it is a parody to his early "God of Gamblers", featuring a female lead (played by Natalie Meng) as a master gambler and a romantic comedy storyline.

</doc>
<doc id="20217713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217713" title="Sebastián Barrientos">
Sebastián Barrientos

Sebastián Andrés Barrientos Olivares (born 20 January 1989), commonly known as Seba Barrientos, is a Chilean former footballer who played as striker for Universidad Católica in Chile's Primera División.
Barrientos was also used recurrently by Marcelo Bielsa as "sparring" for the senior national team.

</doc>
<doc id="20217716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217716" title="Masayuki Omori">
Masayuki Omori

Omori spent most of his career playing for Nagoya Grampus.

</doc>
<doc id="20217718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217718" title="Jock (given name)">
Jock (given name)

Jock is a Scottish diminutive form of the forename "John"; it corresponds to Jack in England.
Notable people bearing this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20217730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217730" title="Trout Lake, British Columbia">
Trout Lake, British Columbia

Trout Lake, also known as Trout Lake City, is an unincorporated rural community and former mining and railway-speculation boomtown located at the north end of Trout Lake in the West Kootenay district of southeastern British Columbia, Canada. The Lardeau River runs into Trout Lake (the lake) and exits at the south end of the lake. It then runs as does the lake on a southeastern course to the community of Lardeau at the north end of Kootenay Lake, while beyond it and the townsite of Trout Lake at its northwestern end is a low pass to the Beaton Arm of Upper Arrow Lake at Galena Bay. Speculation on railway development through this pass promoted a great amount of speculation at Trout Lake, or Trout Lake City as it soon was proclaimed to be, as well as at Lardeau and other potential townsites along the rail line's route.
Halcyon Hot Springs, originally a railway-era resort, is located approximately thirty minutes away on Highway 31 (later 23). The Windsor Lodge Trout Lake BC has a restaurant and bar and there is also a gas station/convenience store located within Trout Lake City. A coffee shop/cafe, the No-Board Cafe opened in 2006 in Trout Lake City. Long term residents do most of their grocery shopping in Nakusp, the nearest town, about forty-five minutes away.

</doc>
<doc id="20217753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217753" title="Champion (2003 film)">
Champion (2003 film)

Champion is a sports drama Bengali film was released in 2003. Directed by Rabi Kinagi, the movie featured Jeet, Shrabonti Malakar, Sandhita Chatterjee . This movie is Jeet's third movie and Shrabonti Malakar's debut movie. This film is inspired from Aamir Khan's "Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar".
Plot.
The main theme of the film depicts how an irresponsible boy can be very responsible at a particular stage of life. In this film we have got a glittering appearance of a new hero at Tollygunge
named 'Jeet'. Raja is a college student who is forever committing mischief. He and his peers Bhola, Dhonu & Kanu always stay on the top of the list of failures. Raja has an elder brother, Rohit who is the exact opposite of the infamous Raja. Rohit works at their father's cafe, and is bright in studies. Their father is fed up with the restless Raja. Even after repeated whackings from his father the stubborn mule refuses to change. Raja's only support is his childhood friend Kavita who is secretly in love with him. But the flirtatious Raja finds solace in the spoilt brat Riya, the daughter of a millionaire. Raja saves Riya from the villainous millionaire student Ronny. But Riya dumps Raja & patches up with the affluent Rony. In the meanwhile the devastated Raja starts rigorously practising for the upcoming kick boxing championship final against Rony. All hell breaks loose when Rohit is beaten by Rony & his mates. Rohit is hospitalised in a critical condition. Raja approaches Rohit's coach and begs him to train Raja. Thus a vigorous practice schedule begins. Raja with support from Kavita gets himself ready for the match. In the match he emerges victorious and dedicates the trophy to Rohit and then celebrates his love with Kavita.
Reception.
Champion was a high critically and commercially success. Mainly Jeet's comic timing and acting was praised.

</doc>
<doc id="20217756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217756" title="Arnej">
Arnej

Arnej Šećerkadić, better known by his stage name Arnej (born September 7, 1980) is a Bosnian Trance music producer and DJ.
Arnej was born in a small village in neighborhood of Sarayevo in Yugoslavia (today Bosnia and Herzegovina). His family moved to Toronto, Canada when Arnej was a child, where he still lives. He was named "Producer of the Year" by Armin van Buuren in 2008 and his tracks "Strangers We've Become" and "The Return" appeared on Armin van Buuren's "A State Of Trance 2008" compilation. He currently works on music with the gaming company S2 Games creating soundtracks and sound effects for the game Heroes of Newerth.

</doc>
<doc id="20217758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217758" title="Prasit Taodee">
Prasit Taodee

Prasit Taodee (Thai ประสิทธิ์ เทาดี), born March 9, 1985) is a Thai footballer. He plays for Thailand Division 1 League clubside BBCU F.C..
International career.
On the back of performing extremely well in the Thailand Premier League, Prasit was called up to the full national side in coach Peter Reid's first squad announcement. He was called up with 30 other players to the 2008 AFF Suzuki Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20217763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217763" title="Atsushi Yoneyama">
Atsushi Yoneyama

Club career statistics.
Last update: 18 December 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20217777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217777" title="Gheorghe Șincai National College (Baia Mare)">
Gheorghe Șincai National College (Baia Mare)

Gheorghe Șincai National College () is a public day high school for grades 9 to 12 in Baia Mare, Romania, attended by some 900 pupils aged 14 to 19. Grades 5 to 8 opened in 2010. The school is named after historian, philologist and educator Gheorghe Şincai. It is one of three high schools in Baia Mare designated a "National College", the most prestigious rank for institutions of secondary education in Romania. It also ranks high on the national level in results at the Romanian Baccalaureate, university admissions and school contests. Over 17,000 have graduated from Șincai, with the majority going on to university.
History.
Șincai was founded on , shortly after the Union of Transylvania with Romania. Its first head, appointed by the Directory Council of Transylvania, was Prof. Dr. Gheorghe Hetco, who remained in his position until 1940. When it opened, the high school had 172 students, 17 teachers, eight classrooms, a chemistry laboratory and a physics one. The library had 10,099 books. 561 pupils graduated during the interwar period. In 1940, the Second Vienna Award granted Northern Transylvania, including Baia Mare, to Hungary. The Romanian high school was closed and a Hungarian-language one functioned in its stead.
Gheorghe Șincai High School reopened on 1 December 1944, once it had passed back under Romanian control, although classes did not resume until January 1945, with the canon and catechist Dr. Vasile Țiplea being named director. In 1959, the school building was expanded with twenty new classrooms and a gym. Expansion continued in the 1970s, with the building eventually housing 44 classrooms, some of which were used as laboratories.
After World War II, the high school had one Romanian-language section and one in Hungarian, until a Hungarian high school was established in Baia Mare. In 1959, as part of a crackdown on Hungarian institutions in Romania, this again became a section of Șincai, a status maintained until 1998, when the Hungarian high school was re-established.
Facilities.
Șincai has 32 classrooms and 12 scientific and linguistic laboratories. The latter consist of three computer labs with 60 computers, three physics labs, two chemistry labs and one for biology, and one each for French, English and geography. The library has some 30,000 volumes and a reading room. The French, English, German and computer science departments have their own libraries. In addition, there are 11 teachers’ offices, a teachers’ room, five personnel offices, a gym, an outdoor athletic area, and a guidance counselor’s office. A psychologist and a doctor are on staff. Classes occur during the morning, with afternoons reserved for arts and sports.
Outside the computer labs, there are additional computers in the classrooms, along with teaching equipment that is constantly being updated (printers, copy machines, scanners, four video projectors, DVD players, televisions, tape recorders, microscopes, dissection kits, laboratory kits for physics, chemistry, and biology, etc.).
The original building was constructed in 1903-06, and is classified as a historic monument by the Ministry of Culture and Religious Affairs. This, along with the 1959 addition, was refurbished in 2000-2007.
Activities.
Intramural sports championships take place at Șincai: the High School Championship, the 9th Grade Classes' Cup, the 12th Grade Classes' Cup; as well as participation in city, county and national sports championships.
The Gheorghe Șincai Cultural Society functioned from 1919 to 1940. In 1969 the magazine "Speranțe" ("Hopes") first appeared, on the occasion of the school's semicentennial. It was published, with interruptions, until 1994, after which faculty and students attempted to start other publications, none of which had more than one issue. From 1994, Șincai has been in a network of pilot schools experimenting with and applying elements of education reform.
Starting in 1958, Șincai began to appear among the schools with excellent performance at academic olympiads, a goal that continued to be met in the ensuing decades. As of 2008, pupils had won 679 prizes at national olympiads, 32 at international olympiads, and 13 at presentations of compositions. The school’s gymnastics, basketball and volleyball teams have won national championships, and numerous prizes at county and regional contests.

</doc>
<doc id="20217780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217780" title="Shohei Abe">
Shohei Abe


</doc>
<doc id="20217785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217785" title="Gheorghe Şincai National College">
Gheorghe Şincai National College

Gheorghe Şincai National College () may refer to one of two educational institutions in Romania:

</doc>
<doc id="20217791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217791" title="Muntok">
Muntok

Muntok or, more commonly, Mentok is a town in the Indonesian province of Bangka-Belitung, Indonesia. Mentok is the capital of the West Bangka Regency ("Bangka Barat"). Mentok is the site of the biggest tin smelter on the world.
Mentok refers to "the tip of" the island.
History.
Mentok was founded at 1732 by Encek Wan Akub as order of Sultan Palembang Darussalam Sri Susuhan Mahmud Badaruddin I, beginning as a small village consisting of 7 wooden houses for the Royal family of Encek Wan Abdul Jabbar, father-in-law of sultan Badaruddin I of Palembang Darussalam who was married his daughter Zamnah for his 2nd wife from Siantan Natuna.
Encek Wan Akub discovered a large amount of tin ore at "Ulim river", south Bangka Island on a voyage of discovery with his secret task force and reported it to sultan Badaruddin I of Palembang Darussalam.
By approval of sultan Badaruddin I of Palembang Darussalam, Encek Wan Akub ordered his nephew Wan Serin to go to seek tin miners in Johor, Siam and Campa and start tin mining on Bangka Island.
From that time Muntok become an exporter of tin ingots and was filled by merchant ships from many countries including the Dutch East India Company.
In 1812 the British East India Company captured Muntok, renamed it Minto (after Lord Minto, then Governor-General of India), and used it as their head quarters in gudang kuning to attack Palembang Darussalam for monopoly of the tin trade.
After the Anglo-Dutch Treaty of 1814 in 1818 the British left Bangka Island and Mentok to the Dutch.
In 1913 the Dutch Indies Government moved the capital of the Bangka-Belitung Residency from Mentok to Pangkal Pinang.
Demographics.
The majority of the people in Mentok are Malay and Hakka Chinese. The Malay are moslem, the majority of Chinese are Buddhist, Catholic and Protestant, and there is a small population of Arabian moslems.
Economy.
Mentok is a tin smelter town and many people work in the smelter. Other people are government employees, and there are also fishermen, farmers, and tin miners.
Mentok is 3 hours from Palembang by speed ship and 2 hours by paved road from Pangkal Pinang.

</doc>
<doc id="20217794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217794" title="Karen Simpson Nikakis">
Karen Simpson Nikakis

Karen Simpson Nikakis is an Australian fantasy author, writer and poet who lives at Melton, whose first fantasy novel "The Whisper of Leaves" (2007), has been described as an "impressive debut", with the National Library of Australia describing her first book as heralding "the arrival of an exciting new talent on the Australian fantasy landscape".
Early life.
Nikakis was raised in the central Victorian town of Mansfield, surrounded by the mountains of the Victorian Alps. Her interest in fantasy occurred at age 19, when she read Tolkien's fantasy epic Lord of the Rings. She has since written a number of published academic essays on myth and fantasy writing.
She has worked as a secondary teacher, TAFE teacher and lecturer in business communications at Deakin University. She completed a Master in Education in young adult literature with her thesis being on "The Purpose of Dragons in Selected Children’s Literature in the Twentieth Century" and went on to complete a Ph.D in 1997 in fantasy fiction from Victoria University with her thesis on "The Use of Narrative in Order to Break the Masculine Domination of the Hero Quest".
Writing.
During the 1980s she started writing picture story books, which she also illustrated.
Her first fantasy novel was published by Allen & Unwin in 2007 as "The Whisper of Leaves", the first book in a fantasy series: "the Kira Chronicles". A second book "The Song of the Silvercades" was released in July 2008.
In 2008 she was appointed the foundation head of the Bachelor Degree in Writing and Publishing for Northern Melbourne Institute of TAFE.

</doc>
<doc id="20217807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217807" title="List of electorates in the New Zealand general election, 2002, by party vote">
List of electorates in the New Zealand general election, 2002, by party vote

This is a sortable list of the percentage of the party vote each party received in each individual electorate in the 2002 New Zealand election.
References.
New Zealand Parliament Electorate Profiles

</doc>
<doc id="20217811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217811" title="List of electorates in the New Zealand general election, 2005, by party vote">
List of electorates in the New Zealand general election, 2005, by party vote

This is a sortable list of the percentage of the party vote each party received in each individual electorate in the 2005 New Zealand election.
References.
New Zealand Parliament Electorate Profiles

</doc>
<doc id="20217813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217813" title="Reia (programming language)">
Reia (programming language)

Reia is a general-purpose concurrent object-oriented programming language for the Erlang virtual machine.
Reia supports multiple programming paradigms including imperative, functional, declarative, object oriented, and concurrent. It uses the actor model for concurrency in a manner that works alongside its object system. It uses pattern matching as the primary operation by which it selects branches to take and binds variables. It also has a dynamic type system and automatic memory management; it is therefore similar in varying respects to Erlang, Ruby, and Python. The project was discontinued in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20217828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217828" title="Jakkraphan Kaewprom">
Jakkraphan Kaewprom

Jakkraphan Kaewprom (, born May 24, 1988) is a Thai footballer. He plays for Thailand Premier League clubside Buriram United
Club career.
BEC Tero Sasana.
Jakkraphan started his professional career with BEC Tero Sasana. In BEC Tero he was converted to right back and right midfielder, because at that time there are lots of center midfielders in the team.
Muangthong United.
In 2011 he moved to Muangthong United which he played very well, he won the 2010 Thai Premier League. Buriram PEA which is now Buriram United bought him from Muangthong United.
Buriram United.
He was convinced to play for Buriram because he is from Buriram. He suddenly became Buriram's main player, after scoring goals and assited as well. He was a big part of Buriram's treble in 2011.
At the start of the 2013 Thai Premier League he picked up an injury on his ACL. Although he was injured Buriram extended his contract. He came back to field in the 2nd leg of the 2013 Thai Premier League. His form dramatically came back to normal after his injury.
International career.
On the back of performing extremely well in the Thailand Premier League, Jakkraphan was called up to the full national side in coach Peter Reid's first squad announcement. He was called up with 30 other players to the 2008 AFF Suzuki Cup.
His first international goal is from the match that Thailand won Palestine 1-0 in 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification (AFC). Jakkraphan played as a right back for Thailand against Australia in the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification (AFC), in the following game his cross assisted Teerasil Dangda.
In 2013 he was called up to the national team by Surachai Jaturapattarapong to the 2015 AFC Asian Cup qualification. In October, 2013 he played a friendly match against Bahrain. He got injured early in the following match, and got substituted by Chatree Chimtalay.
Style of play.
Jakkraphan is described as a fast pace player who delivers good crosses and passes. Even though his main position is a midfielder, he could play right back and right midfielder very well.

</doc>
<doc id="20217845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217845" title="Kei Yamaguchi">
Kei Yamaguchi

2003 FIFA World Youth Championship. Yamaguchi played one match in the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20217909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217909" title="Keiji Yoshimura">
Keiji Yoshimura

His elder brother Koji was also a professional footballer.
Club Team Career Statistics.
Last update: 4 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20217918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217918" title="Turlupins">
Turlupins

The turlupins were a religious sect in medieval France, loosely related to the Beguines and Beghards and the Brethren of the Free Spirit. The name "turlupin" is a derisive epithet; they appear to have called themselves the "society of the poor" or "fellowship of poverty". Mention of them survives only in writings of their opponents, who condemned them as heretics. Therefore very little is known about them, but they apparently wore few clothes as an expression of the vow of poverty, which led to accusations of nudism and promiscuity. Some historians think their importance may have been exaggerated to add "local colour" to academic theological disputes.
The sect was active mainly in the second half of the 14th century around Paris, being one of the few heretical sects active in Paris at that time. In 1372 a number were imprisoned, with a female leader, Jeanne Daubenton, burnt at the stake for witchcraft and heresy. A similar sect may have been active in the 1460s around Lille.

</doc>
<doc id="20217946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217946" title="Philip J. Deloria">
Philip J. Deloria

Philip Joseph Deloria is a historian, the son of Vine Deloria, Jr., and the great-great grandson of Philip Joseph Deloria, or Tipi Sapa (Black Lodge), for whom he is named. He is also the great-great-great grandson of U.S Army officer and painter Alfred Sully. He received his Ph.D. in American Studies from Yale University in 1994. Deloria is currently a professor at the University of Michigan in both the Program in American Culture and the Department of History. He has written a number of books about Indian history and the Indian experience, including "Playing Indian", a book about the use of Indian costumes, traditions and images by white people.

</doc>
<doc id="20217954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217954" title="Takahiro Masukawa">
Takahiro Masukawa

Career statistics.
Last update: 4 February 2014

</doc>
<doc id="20217955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217955" title="Conquerors from the Darkness">
Conquerors from the Darkness

Conquerors from the Darkness is a science fiction novel written by Robert Silverberg, published in 1965.
Plot summary.
A thousand years in the future, the earth has been conquered by an alien race and covered by a single sea. Dovirr Stargan, who is disgusted with the servility of his life on the floating city of Vythain, longs to become one of the Sea-Lords, who roam the sea as powerful protectors of the cities. Dovirr gets his wish, but the return of the alien race brings unexpected and critically dangerous crises to his new life as he learns the real, sometimes terrible, significance of power.

</doc>
<doc id="20217959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217959" title="2009–10 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team">
2009–10 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team

The 2009–10 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team represented the University of Michigan during the 2009-10 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team was coached by John Beilein and played its home games in Ann Arbor, Michigan at the Crisler Arena, which has a capacity of 13,751, for the forty-third consecutive year. This season marked the team's ninety-third consecutive year as a member of the Big Ten Conference. The team finished the season with a 15–17 overall record and a 7–11 conference record, which was tied for seventh in the conference standings. It was seeded eighth in the single-elimination 2010 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament where it advanced one round. On October 16, Michigan was one of five Big Ten schools to begin its season by celebrating Midnight Madness.
Following the University of Michigan basketball scandal, the team had completed serving a scholarship probation imposed in 2003 two years earlier. During the probation, the team had had only twelve scholarships to offer instead of the usual thirteen. However, Michigan continued to be prohibited from affiliation with implicated athletes (Chris Webber, Robert Traylor, Maurice Taylor, and Louis Bullock) until 2012, which meant, among other things, that the players could not help the University recruit. The team was expected to finish between third and fifth in the conference by most expert pollings. The team was led by a pair of Wooden Award preseason watchlist nominees: Manny Harris and DeShawn Sims. Harris, Sims and Zack Novak served as team captains.
The team won two of its first three games against ranked opponents (Connecticut and Ohio State). However, the season was a disappointment that included two buzzer-beater losses to conference Co-champions Ohio State and Michigan State on field goals by 2010 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year Evan Turner and 2009 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year Kalin Lucas. After starting the season 3–0, the team never again won three games in a row. The team was nationally ranked to start the season, but never reappeared in the national polls after the third week of the season. Michigan ended the year with a 7–11 conference record (tied for seventh) and a 15–17 overall regular season record. Turner's buzzer-beater came in the second round of the 2010 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament in which the eighth-seeded Wolverines lost by a point to the top-seeded Buckeyes.
At the conclusion of the regular season, Sims and Harris were named to the 2nd and 3rd All-Big Ten teams, respectively, by both conference coaches and the media. Following the Big Ten tournament both players were recognized as 2nd-team All-District selections by the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
Preview.
November 12, 2008, marked the first day of the early signing period for high school seniors wishing to become eligible student-athletes in the 2009-2010 academic year. The early period ended on November 19, 2008 for NCAA college basketball teams (the regular signing period is from April 15–May 20, 2009). However, verbal commitments are usually accurate predictors of signing activity. Based on verbals and very early signings, Big Ten Conference rivals Indiana, Minnesota and Illinois had top 25 signing classes, but Michigan did not according to both ESPN and Scout.com. The team was the choice of four blue chip prospects who followed through on their verbal commitments and signed letters of intent including Matt Vogrich and Darius Morris. The Morris was listed among the top 15 point guards in the nation by Scout.com, Rivals.com and ESPN. Kelvin Grady, who had played 64 games and made 33 starts during his first two seasons, was going to transfer from the program at the end of the prior season, but he became a wide receiver on the 2009 Michigan Wolverines football team. In June 2009, Jordan Morgan had surgery on his left knee to repair articular cartilage. The expected recovery time was four to five months. In October, it was unclear whether he would be able to join the team or whether he would redshirt.
Entering the season, Harris was regarded by some as the most highly rated player in the Big Ten. E.g., the FOX Sports preseason All-American listed him on its second team. It included Michigan State's Kalin Lucas on its third team, Purdue's Robbie Hummel on its fourth team and Ohio State's Evan Turner on its fifth team. However, ESPN chose both Lucas and Turner to its preseason second-team All-American list, while Harris was not shown on a single ballot. Harris and Sims were named among the 50 preseason Wooden Award watch list nominees. Harris was also named to the preaseason Naismith College Player of the Year watchlist. The 24-member Big Ten media panel selected Harris as a first team preseason All-Big Ten team member.
The 2009–10 schedule includes the Old Spice Classic, an ACC – Big Ten Challenge match against , games against preseason ranked power conference opponents Kansas and Connecticut as well as the 2010 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament.
Roster.
Signees.
In addition to the four-year scholarship recruits above, Beilein recruited Eso Akunne as a preferred walk-on and eventually offered him a one-year scholarship commitment. Beilein also recruited Josh Bartelstein who extended his high school career at Phillips Exeter Academy after high school at Highland Park High School as a walk-on.
2010–11 team recruits.
The 2010 class includes Tim Hardaway, Jr., son of Tim Hardaway.
Season.
Preconference.
Harris opened the season by recording the second triple double in school history (Gary Grant was the first in the 1987 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament) with 18 points, 13 rebounds and 10 assists against Division II during a 97–50 victory on November 14. Sims added 22 points and true freshman Matt Vogrich added 15 points on five-for-five three point shooting. Harris earned Big Ten player of the week during the first week of the year for the second consecutive season. Michigan struggled early against their first Division I opponent, by hitting only 4 of their first 21 shots. They recovered with a 29–13 run led by twelve points each from Harris and Sims to end the first half en route to a 77–55 victory against . Sims posted a career high 5 three point shots.
During the Thanksgiving weekend, Michigan participated in the eight-team fourth annual Old Spice Classic at The Milk House in . On November 26, which was Thanksgiving Day, they defeated 83–76 in overtime when Harris fell one rebound shy of a triple double. Laval Lucas-Perry tied a career-high with 18 points and Sims added 16. The following day, they lost to a 6–0 Marquette team 79–65. They shot 12 for 18 from the free throw line and 3 for 20 from 3-point range. They lost the subsequent game to Alabama when a Darius Morris full-court drive was blocked.
The Wolverines began December competition in the ACC – Big Ten Challenge by losing to 62–58. The team ended its three-game losing streak by beating . The Wolverines were outrebounded 41–25 in a 68–52 loss to the . Michigan rebounded as both Harris and Sims posted season highs with 27 and 23 points respectively in a 75–64 win over . The Wolverines fell to 1–21 all-time against number one ranked teams when it lost to Kansas. In the team's final pre-conference game, they beat 76–46.
Conference.
Zack Novak and Stu Douglass led the Wolverines in scoring in their conference season opening 71–65 loss to Indiana on New Year's Eve. Sims and Harris led the way to the first conference victory on January 3 against a #15-ranked Ohio State team without its leading scorer, Evan Turner. On January 7, the Wolverines came from 16 points behind to defeat the Penn State Nittany Lions on the strength of four second half three point shots by Laval Lucas-Perry and 25 points from Sims. On January 10, they wasted a 17-point lead in a loss to Northwestern despite 24 points from Harris and 17 from Sims. On January 11, Sims became the second Wolverine to earn Big Ten Player of the Week for his efforts during week nine (January 4–10). The Wolverines won the January 14 rematch against Indiana under the leadership of Harris who had 17 second half points and Sims who added 20 points and 8 rebounds. Michigan then earned its first win against a ranked non-conference opponent and their second consecutive win against a ranked opponent on January 17 when it defeated #15 Connecticut 68–63 behind 18 points and 8 rebounds from Harris. Subsequently, they lost three consecutive games to ranked conference opponents. On January 20, Michigan opened up a lead on Wisconsin who missed its first eight field goal attempts. They led until Wisconsin tied the game with 4 minutes and 4 seconds remaining. Wisconsin scored two subsequent baskets to take the lead. Wisconsin held on despite 23 points and 13 rebounds from Sims. On January 23, while Manny Harris served a one game suspension, Sims posted 21 points and Novak added 16, but after taking an 11–10 lead, the Wolverines surrendered a 16–2 run to Purdue that they never recovered from. On January 26, the Wolverines hosted Michigan State who needed a Kalin Lucas basket with 3.5 seconds to play to earn the win, which resulted in Michigan state posting a school-record eight consecutive conference victories to start conference play. On January 30, Michigan finished the month with a 60–46 win against Iowa to snap its three-game losing streak. Harris and Sims both contributed 20 points. Sims had 12 rebounds as well. Michigan scored the first 13 points of the game and after taking a 12 point lead into halftime, they scored the first 5 points of the second half.
The Wolverines began February with a 67–52 loss to Northwestern on February 2. Harris and Darius Morris, who each posted 11, were the high scorers. Northwestern pulled away with a 21–4 second half run. On February 6, Michigan lost 62–44 to 16th ranked Wisconsin, who shot 9 for 13 on three point shots in the first half and only missed seven total shots in that time. Then Michigan only made one shot in the first eight minutes of the second half. Then, Michigan went 7 for 14 on its three point shots to beat Minnesota 71–63 behind 27 points from Sims and 20 from Harris. On February 16, Michigan recovered from a 5-point deficit in the final twenty seconds on late shots by Sims including a three-pointer with 6.1 seconds remaining. Sims had 27 and Harris had 20 points as they both accumulated 10 rebounds and the team shot 14–27 on its three point shots. In overtime Michigan, come from three points behind. On February 20, despite 20 points by Harris, Michigan was unable to notch its first three-game winning streak against Penn State. On February 23, Michigan shot only 20% in the first half and fell behind 26–18 and trailed Illinois most of the rest of the game despite 15 points and 11 rebounds from Harris. On February 27, Michigan lost to Ohio State despite all of its starters scoring in double digits.
On March 2, Michigan defeated Minnesota 83–55 as Harris and Sims posted 23 and 22 points, respectively. The team posted its best shooting night of the season by going 32 for 53. On March 7, Michigan concluded its regular season with a 64–48 loss to Michigan State. None of Michigan's starters posted double digit scoring and Zack Gibson led the team with 10 points. The team only scored 14 points in the first half and did not score in the first 3 minutes and 50 seconds of the second half. As a result, the team fell to a 7-11 conference record and was accorded the eighth seed in the 2010 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament where they were matched against ninth-seeded Iowa. They defeated Iowa 59–52 behind 22 points, 9 rebounds and 3 steals by Harris. This earned them a matchup against the top-seeded Ohio State Buckeyes. After trailing #5-ranked Ohio State by a 51–38 margin, sharpshooting by Harris and Douglass brought Michigan to within 59–57, which led to a frantic finish. Harris hit a shot with 2.2 seconds remaining to give Michigan a two-point lead before Turner hit a 37-foot 3-point shot to win the game.
Schedule.
!colspan=12| Exhibition
!colspan=12| 2009–10 NCAA Division I Regular Season
!colspan=12| 2009–10 Big Ten Conference Season
!colspan=12| 2010 Big Ten Conference Men's Basketball Tournament
Statistics.
The team posted the following statistics:
Individual Honors.
Harris was named as a finalist for the 2010 Bob Cousy Award and a Midseason Top-30 finalist for the 2010 John Wooden Award. Novak was a District 4 first-team 2009 Academic All-District Men’s Basketball Team selection as selected by "ESPN The Magazine" and College Sports Information Directors of America. Sims and Harris were both selected as second team National Association of Basketball Coaches All-District 7. Both the Big Ten coaches and the media selected Sims and Harris to the 2nd and 3rd All-conference teams, respectively. Sims was also recognized as Michigan's Big Ten Sportsmanship Awards honoree. Harris and Novak were selected as Academic All-Conference performers. Neither Harris nor Sims was drafted in the 2010 NBA Draft.
Team players drafted into the NBA.
One player from this team was selected in the NBA Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="20217961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217961" title="Turlupin">
Turlupin

Turlupin can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20217966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217966" title="Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1910">
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1910

This article provides information on candidates who stood for the 1910 Australian federal election. The election was held on 13 April 1910.
The Commonwealth Liberal Party was formed in 1909 as a merger between several conservative groups. Seats previously held by the Protectionist Party, the Anti-Socialist Party, the Western Australian Party, or the Victorian independent Protectionists are considered to be held by the Liberal Party.
House of Representatives.
Sitting members at the time of the election are shown in bold text.
Successful candidates are highlighted in the relevant colour. Where there is possible confusion, an asterisk (*) is also used.
Senate.
Sitting senators are shown in bold text. Tickets that elected at least one Senator are highlighted in the relevant colour. Successful candidates are identified by an asterisk (*).
New South Wales.
Three seats were up for election. The Liberal Party was defending three seats. Liberal Senators Sir Albert Gould, Edward Millen and James Walker were not up for re-election.
Queensland.
Three seats were up for election. The Labour Party was defending three seats. Liberal Senators Thomas Chataway, Robert Sayers and Anthony St Ledger were not up for re-election.
South Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The Labour Party was defending three seats. Liberal Senator Joseph Vardon, Labour Senator William Russell and Independent Senator Sir Josiah Symon were not up for re-election.
Tasmania.
Three seats were up for election. The Liberal Party was defending three seats. Liberal Senators Cyril Cameron, John Clemons and John Keating were not up for re-election.
Victoria.
Three seats were up for election. The Liberal Party was defending two seats. The Labour Party was defending one seat. Liberal Senators Simon Fraser and James McColl and Labour Senator Edward Russell were not up for re-election.
Western Australia.
Three seats were up for election. The Labour Party was defending three seats. Labour Senators Patrick Lynch, Ted Needham and George Pearce were not up for re-election.

</doc>
<doc id="20217977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217977" title="Peking pork">
Peking pork

Peking Pork () is a meat dish that originated from Beijing, China. Unlike peking duck, this dish consists of crisp boneless pork strips that are marinated in a sweet red sauce. The pork should be firm and crisp, with a slightly sweet glaze that does not overwhelm the tenderness of the pork. Found in many Chinese and dim sum restaurants in Chinatown, this rare dish is not common in many Chinese restaurants elsewhere. 
Recipe.
Servings: 4
Sauce: 1/3 cup brown sugar 1/4 cup cooking sherry 1/4 cups soy sauce 1/4 cup hoisin sauce or ketchup (the choice you make will make a huge difference, as they are two contrasting flavors) 1/4 teaspoon sesame oil 1 clove of garlic, crushed 
For the meat, have 2 pounds of pork loin (preferably boneless), cut into small strips. Pre-season both sides of the pork with salt and pepper and marinate the pork in 2 tbs of Chinese rice wine. Then prepare a mixture of 2/3 cups flour and 2/3 cups cornstarch. Smother the pork in the mixture and make sure to shake off any excess.
Cooking Instructions.
Meat: Heat a good amount of peanut oil in a wok until it sizzles. Add slices of pork and fry for about 1 to 1.5 minutes. Then remove the oil from the pork with a paper towel and transfer pork into the pan of simmering sauce. The pork strips should be fully cooked, crisp, and tender
Sauce: Sautéing the crushed garlic in a minimal amount of vegetable oil is the first step. Then add the cooking sherry and brown sugar to the pan until it starts to simmer. Then in a bowl, mix the hoisin sauce or ketchup, soy sauce, and sesame oil with a whisk. Then combine the two mixtures into the pan and stir it until the sauce begins to boil. Immediately after this point, add the pork to this sauce as instructed in the previous instructions.
The meat should be cooked first with the sauce started after the peanut oil comes to a sizzle. Keep the sauce to a simmer so it stays hot while the meat is cooking.
Serving Instructions.
Put the strips of pork onto a plate and serve immediately. This dish should definitely be served with a serving of jasmine rice that is cooked in a rice cooker as to retain its Asian taste.
Taste.
The pork itself should be really crisp, but not burnt. The sauce itself can also be used to flavor the rice, liberally. The sauce should have a mild tangy taste to it with a sweet after taste. 
Reheating.
Reheating this dish should not include a microwave. Using a microwave will soften the texture of this dish. Peking pork should always be served hot and crisp, but not burnt. In order to properly reheat this dish, one should preheat an oven or toaster oven to 325 °F and bake the Peking pork for about 10 minutes. 

</doc>
<doc id="20217980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20217980" title="Birka (disambiguation)">
Birka (disambiguation)

Birka and similar can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="20218018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218018" title="Keita Sugimoto">
Keita Sugimoto

Career statistics.
As of 4 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20218033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218033" title="Chronicon Holtzatiae">
Chronicon Holtzatiae

The Chronicon Holtzatiae auctore presbytero Bremensi is a Latin universal chronicle from the year 1448, but concentrating on the County of Holstein (the "terra Holsacie") and written by an anonymous presbyter of Bremen originally from Holstein. It has received three modern editions, the first by the famous Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz in 1698. Other than that it has been rather neglected by medievalists; its Latin is poor and its author imaginative. 
For the years before 1170 the principal source for the anonymous presbyter is Helmold's "Cronica Slavorum". After this date he has no discernible source. He describes himself as a "scriba hujus patrie" (scribe of this fatherland), probably indicating a low-level position in the comital chancery, then in its earliest stages. An analysis of the "Chronicon" suggests that he had access to comital documents and that he participated in the 1447 negotiations at Lübeck between Adolf VIII of Holstein-Rendsburg and Duke of Schleswig and the free people of the Dithmarschen, wedged between Holstein and the sea. 
The "Chronicon" pays especially close attention to the west of the county (Dithmarschen, Krempermarsch, and Wilstermarsch), and particularly to Itzehoe. This suggests that the anonymous presbyter may have hailed from the western country, or maintained links with the Cistercian monastery of Saint Lawrence/Our Lady at Itzehoe. The majority of counts of Holstein were buried there and since 1421 their memory was preserved through various memorial masses and other services rendered by the monks. The author of the "Chronicon" may have been one of the twenty vicars assigned special roles in this regard. 
The "Chronicon", interpreted in the political context of its compilation, was a propaganda tool for the Schauenburg dynastic line of Holstein-Rendsburg. The house of Schauenburg had ruled Holstein since Adolf I acquired it in 1101. Though six different cadet branches ruled the county divided after 1261, these were all, save the Holstein-Pinneberg, reunited under the Rendsburg branch by 1390. At the time of the "Chronicon"'s compilation Adolf VIII was childless and facing a succession crisis in both Holstein and Schleswig, a fief of the Kingdom of Denmark that was often in dispute between the Holsatian counts and Danish kings. When Christian of Oldenburg, who had married Adolf's sister in 1421, succeeded the Danish throne as Christian I in 1448, the succession problem and the problem of Danish interference in Holstein were suddenly resolved in favour of the Rendsburg interests. The maintenance of the high status of Itzehoe and the denigration of the claims of the counts of Holstein-Pinneburg to the county of Holstein-Rendsburg fuelled the anonymous presbyter of Bremen to compose his chronicle at this time. In the anonymous's own words: "ad complementum cronice quam pie recordacionis frater Helmoldus [...] de Holzacorum principibus et vicinis eorum fideliter composuerat" ("to complement the chronicle that brother Helmold of pious memory faithfully composed of the princes of Holstein and their neighbours"). 

</doc>
<doc id="20218079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218079" title="Donny Davies">
Donny Davies

Harry Donald 'Donny' Davies (13 March 1892 – 6 February 1958) was an English first-class cricketer, amateur footballer and journalist. He was killed in the Munich air disaster.
Sporting career.
A talented footballer in his youth, Davies played as a right winger for the Northern Nomads F.C. and Port Vale. He was capped three times for the England national amateur football team in 1914, with tours of Austria, Hungary and Romania. Also in 1914 he was offered a professional contract with Stoke City but as war had broken out he instead decided to join the Royal Flying Corps. Just a fortnight after receiving his wings, Davies was shot down over the French town of Douai, captured, and placed in a German Prisoner of War camp. When he eventually returned to England he weighed only six stones and army doctors had given him no more than six months to live.
Davies recovered from his ordeal and took up sport again, playing cricket for Bradshaw in the Bolton League. He was lured to Lancashire and spent the 1924 and 1925 seasons there as an amateur. His 11 first-class appearances weren't spectacular as he failed to score a half century despite being a specialist right-handed middle order batsman. Davies made his highest score of 46 in his debut innings, against Kent at Old Trafford before being dismissed by Test player Tich Freeman.
Journalist career.
In 1932, having begun his journalism career two years earlier, Davies was given a job with The Guardian newspaper in Manchester and was their football reporter under the name "An Old International". He also did some work on the radio for the BBC. Davies served as a member of the Lancashire committee from 1930 to 1956 and in 1957, just before his death, was appointed vice-president.
Death.
On 6 February 1958, a plane carrying Davies, other journalists and the Manchester United squad crashed on take off from Munich-Riem Airport in Germany. Davies, who had spent the 1950s covering Manchester United's footballing exploits, was killed along with 22 others. They had been returning from a European Cup tie in Belgrade. John Arlott, who had covered Manchester United's game at Highbury a week earlier, was originally meant to take Davies spot on the trip to Belgrade as the 'Old International' was unavailable. Davies however expressed a desire to attend the trip at the last moment and replaced Arlott. He was 65 at the time of his death, and was the oldest victim of the tragedy.

</doc>
<doc id="20218080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218080" title="Koji Nishimura">
Koji Nishimura

Career statistics.
Last update: 4 February 2010

</doc>
<doc id="20218171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20218171" title="Deseret Test Center">
Deseret Test Center

The Deseret Test Center was a U.S. Army operated command in charge of testing chemical and biological weapons during the 1960s. Deseret was headquartered at Fort Douglas, Utah.
History.
In May 1962 the U.S. Army established the Deseret Test Center at Fort Douglas, Utah, a disused army base.
The command at Deseret was established as a result of Project 112 and Project SHAD. The project required a joint task force to undertake chemical and biological testing. In response, the Joint Chiefs of Staff established Deseret Test Center under the auspices of the U.S. Army.
On May 28, 1962 a U.S. Army Chemical Corps directive outlined Deseret's mission:
(to) prepare and conduct extra continental tests to assess chemical and biological weapons and defense systems, both by providing support data for research and development and by establishing a basis for the operational and logistic concepts needed for the employment of these systems.
The center occupied Building 103 and 105 at Fort Douglas, where administrative and planning decisions were made. Despite being based at Douglas, no tests were actually performed on the base. The headquarters at Fort Douglas was staffed by 200 individuals. Deseret was designed to assist not only the Army but the Navy and the Air Force as well; thus, it was funded jointly by all branches of the U.S. military and Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). Deseret also received administrative support from Dugway Proving Ground, about 80 miles away.
The U.S. Army closed Deseret Test Center in 1973.
Tests.
Between its opening in 1962 and 1973 the Deseret Test Center was at the helm of Project 112, a military operation aimed at evaluating chemical and biological weapons in differing environments. The test began in the fall of 1962 and were considered "ambitious" by the Chemical Corps; the tests were conducted at sea, in Arctic environments and in tropical environments. Tests were aimed at human, plant and animal reaction to the chemical and biological agents and were conducted in the United States, Liberia, Egypt, South Korea and Okinawa. According to the Department of Defense, Deseret planned 134 chemical and biological weapons tests and of those 46 were carried out and 62 were canceled.
The tests of Project 112, and the related seaborne Project SHAD, were kept secret until October 2002. Many tests occurred on U.S. soil and released live biological agents, chemical agents or their simulants. In total, according to the reporting of CBS News, more than 5,000 soldiers and sailors were involved in the secret tests, many of them unknowingly. From 1963-1965 there were 18 tests involving biological simulants, usually "Bacillus globigii" (BG). BG was used to simulate dangerous agents, such as anthrax; once thought harmless to humans, research in the intervening years has revealed some simulants can actually cause infection in those with weakened immune systems. 14 separate tests were performed using VX, sarin, nerve agent simulants and tear gases.

</doc>
